some pimping pimping boom boom boom
Andrew come on in we got lots of seats
up in the front
take one Doug could see ya Morgan deep
southern always a pleasure you're all my
favorite people in you here right away
well well well we got lots to talk about
but before we get into the talking
there's something more important than
the talking it requires a little talking
and a little sipping and they might
require you to have a classes time the
chalice of tankard a thermos of flasks a
canteen a vessel of any kind as long as
the holes of liquid the liquid of your
favorite I don't know how to that
sentence but your favorite liquid how
about that and if you have it in a cup
or mug or glass or a container lift it
to your lips now and enjoy with me the
unparalleled pleasure the dopamine hit
of the day the thing that makes
everything better today is gonna be a
good day
sip with me now oh shake it off the
evening I'm getting ready to start fresh
well let me catch you up with the news
if if none of you have been watching the
news lately here are the stories
President Trump
racist all Republicans were racist all
people who voted for Trump racists
Camilla Harris racist Kamala Harris
racist Joe Biden racist a stop ASAP
rocky racist and Ronald Reagan racist
BAM there you go that's your news for
the day every single person in the world
is a damn racist except you not you whoa
I'm sorry did I indicate that you were a
racist no not you I meant everybody in
the world
except you you're awesome everybody else
I feel sorry for them those poor poor
racist bastards every single one of them
except you luckily you're not but the
other seven billion people make us some
explaining to do
I'll catch you up on all this but let's
talk about well we have to start with
the Reagan tape have you all heard the
recently produced recording not produced
but recently discovered recording of
Reagan talking to Richard Nixon and
saying the most racist thing you've ever
heard in your life
pretty bad I'm happy to say that I was
never a big Reagan fan I was a huge fan
of his communication ability so that
part he certainly got right he got a lot
of other things right - I think he dealt
with the Soviet Union right probably he
may have gotten some lucky credit for
the fall of the Soviet Union might have
happened on his own but in general he
wasn't really he wasn't my god you know
I I didn't pray to Reagan I never was
that guy
as you know I'm left of Bernie so Reagan
was never my guy but I always admired
his his skill you know the same as I
feel for a president Trump skill skill
can be called out separately character
can be dealt with separately politics
can be dealt with separately but the the
skill of being a politician I wouldn't
take that away from him even though that
tape is just about the worst thing
you've ever heard but it raises an
interesting question it raises an
interesting question Oh somebody's
asking what he said all right so deny
everybody heard it I'm gonna try to tell
you what he said was I was saying it if
you don't mind he used the n-word the
the amma the MS and monkey
and he used it in this context he was
talking about to President Nixon he said
that he was watching some African nation
celebrating and he said that they look
like the M word and that they were still
uncomfortable wearing shoes yeah that's
pretty bad yeah that's pretty bad but
here's here's what I want to talk about
we have as a basic standard in this
country that if you do something if your
actions are bad or racist or illegal or
whatever whatever your actions are you
can be judged by them you can you know
be fired from your job you can go to
prison depending on the action so we do
have as a standard that your actions are
what we judge the harshest and we've had
as a standard that your private thoughts
are not judged the same way we judge
your actions so you could have some
pretty bad thoughts but if you never
express them in the real world we
generally believe that you could be a
you would be called a good person in
that case imagine if you will somebody
who has some bad thoughts about
committing a crime but never does never
even gets close but the thoughts are
there they kind of wish they could
commit this really bad crime whatever
this crime is but they don't they never
do
never do anything that's even close to
that how do we judge that person do we
say I know that person is just like your
criminal because the way they think well
first of all we don't know how they
think that's hard to judge but secondly
we say all right we're gonna say it's
it's we can only judge you on your
behavior but then now there's this
middle ground that is getting bigger and
bigger it was always there but because
so many things are recorded and so many
things are surfacing that were recorded
long ago that we have this middle ground
which is not really your actions it's
not really your thoughts
it's things you said privately to one
other
or small group how should we as a
society judge people's private
pronouncements to another person in the
context of believing that would never be
public is that sort of a private thought
which we mostly agree should not be
criminalized or is that an action
because they actually said it in the
real world they didn't intend it ever to
be known but it would got out now I'm
not trying to defend Reagan like I said
Reagan was never my guy I just admired
some of his skill level but you have to
ask yourself how deep do we go in this
you know servicing people's private
conversations let me tell you why this
is important everything I say in my own
house privately even when no one else is
in the house
is all recorded or recordable I have
devices several of them not just my
phone but the Amazon device that I won't
name in several of my major rooms of the
house and they can record and do record
me so all of my private thoughts the
things that I imagined nobody would ever
hear could someday be part of the public
record as could all of yours things that
you said privately to one person should
you run for president somebody's gonna
find out about it so we should make a
decision as a society how important
we're going to treat that I'm not sure I
have an exact decision on that but it
seems to me that we should treat it as
that middle ground it is and not treat
it like an action and maybe not treat it
like a private thought because he you
know if you say things out loud you're
sort of you're sort of releasing it into
the world even if you're releasing it to
one person but I feel like the offense
is closer to the thoughtcrime it's not
because it entered the real world but in
terms of severity I think we should
judge it currently in terms of how long
ago it happened that does matter I think
we should count that it should matter
how long ago I happened and whether it
was closer to a thought crime or a
real-world crime so I don't I'm not
going to give you an opinion and how you
should treat those but I think we should
put things in context properly speaking
of context there are some criticism
going around the internet about ASAP
ASAP rocky somebody discovered that the
lyrics of one of his songs was very
critical of President Trump as it turns
out likening President Trump to the KKK
and some people say that the lyrics
suggest a desire for assassination
specifically in the song I think the
line is that we are hoping for JFK but
we got KKK and some say whew
you mentioned JFK didn't you give us a
sedated were you hoping for JFK meaning
were you hoping that the president this
president gets assassinated or are you
just saying we were hoping for a very
progressive president now I think that's
a good argument the people say no no the
JFK reference the way I read it is not
assassination is rather that he was a
progressive you know kind of president
the one that you would want but here's
the question you have to ask yourself
why wouldn't he say Obama if you were
going to mention a president that you
wanted one that gave you everything you
wanted and was inspirational for you no
you were let's say your demographic part
of society why wouldn't you mention
Obama if I said to the typical African
American voter in this country hey name
a president that you respected somebody
who was really progressive and and stood
for the ideals that you stand for would
they
JFK no somebody says it ride was better
oh yeah that counts
it rhymes better but later in the song
he mentions assault rifles so if he
mentioned JFK you mentioned that this
current president you believe is in the
KKK you know in in essence not in
reality and you talk about ar-15s in the
same lyrics and your lyrics were a
little bit ambiguous because it's not
uncommon that you read song lyrics and
you don't know exactly what the artist
meant
yeah I'm acknowledging here I'm seeing
in the comments yes
JFK and KKK they fit together better as
a as a lyrical scheme so I'm gonna go
I'm gonna say that you can't tell it's
ambiguous so my opinion is I can see why
people think he is referring to
assassination it's easy to see how
people think that but I could also
easily imagine that he wasn't thinking
anything like that at all he did however
say that the president was in the KKK I
mean not literally as an a member but in
in essence what does that do to those of
you watching this video does it not
paint a target on your back for violence
it does it does yeah if somebody who's a
prominent artist says that the
personally you voted for is a member of
the KKK in essence is he not saying that
violence against you would be justified
I say yes I say yes so people who have
been on ASAP Rocky's side might look at
that lyric and ask themselves if they
have been targeted for violence by that
song I say yes so I would say the ASAP
Rocky's lyrics target me for violence
actually me personally
for violence and am i okay with that
well I'll tell you what if he didn't if
he didn't commit any crimes in Sweden
yeah you know if it turns out that
Sweden fries him then I say well the
legal systems done it's it's done his
duty if Sweden decides that he did
commit a crime and they've got the
evidence and he gets a fair trial and he
goes to jail in Sweden I'm okay with
that
if he committed a real crime and it's a
real trial and they have real evidence
and stuff I wouldn't want anybody to get
railroaded American or otherwise but if
he committed a crime I'm okay with that
and I I don't think we should hold him
up as any kind of a role model and
honestly I wouldn't spend a half a
second of my time and I regret that I
ever tweeted anything in his supports
right so I deeply regret that my first
impression was that we should put a lot
of resources into helping him because
he's targeted me and many of you for
violence by his artistic expression um
so I can't I don't think that not even a
little bit I don't forgive that a little
bit so let the legal system in Sweden do
its thing I say all right
although I do you know the fact that the
president you know put in some effort to
try to get him out of there is a good
look especially given what he said about
the president it's a good look for the
president to try to get him out and that
is the president's job so I guess he
played it right anyway
would you like an update on my scandal
did anybody come here for a scandal
update I'm not even gonna you know
reiterate the the the scandal that you
all know but I said something in a tweet
that was poorly received
I apologize for
find it you know that it was taken
differently than I intended it but it
doesn't make me less doesn't make me
less responsible for tweeting it it's
just that it wasn't quite the way I
intended it so I did my duty I explained
in detail what I was thinking I said
that I wouldn't do it that way again and
I apologized to the people who were
relevant to the apology but not to the
not to the outrage tourists that the
people who just enjoy being outraged and
the people were just being outraged for
political purposes because you know
they're picking off targets before 2020
so those people I don't apologize to
because no apology is needed they're not
really the the offended class they're
just actors essentially but traffic is
up you're looking at the periscope 2.8
thousand people on here that's
substantially better than before traffic
at the the app is up signups are up
YouTube traffic is way up but YouTube
traffic is up while monetization is way
down so monetization on YouTube is way
down while viewership numbers are
sharply up why because YouTube has
decided that my content no matter what I
actually say regardless of the actual
specific content of the videos they're
all demonetised automatically until we
complain though so they have a process
for asking for a manual review the
manual review reverses that basically
every time and the few times it didn't
are obviously mistakes because there
wasn't any content on there there was
any substantially different than
anything else I do so I have essentially
a hundred percent clean content in my
opinion and I think that's I can say
that with confidence
there is nothing I've ever produced on
any of these videos there would be even
remotely against the Terms of Service
nothing even close
they do have of course responsibility to
their to their advertisers to match
content with advertising that makes
sense so I understand if that's the best
a legitimate need but they do have a
business model that treats me harshly
but also people who would be anti-trump
that they're getting treated harshly too
because they start talking about the
same contents in their own way the same
the same content this but in their own
way so here's the those of you who gave
me advice I want to give you an update
so I got a lot of advice when you're in
scandal you get a lot of advice I don't
think most of you are good at giving
advice let me just say that as a general
statement people are really good at
giving advice yeah we got 7 billion
people on the planet and if that's 7
billion the total number of them that
are good at giving advice 300 it's
really rare when people get good at
giving advice and this situation is so
unique that people aren't really
equipped but they think they are so the
common people the common thing that
people say is well you've got to
apologize and take down that tweet
that's really terrible advice it
actually is it seems like it's good
advice but it's actually terrible advice
if you take something down from Twitter
you become worse not better
that's how Twitter works if you don't
understand that you've never been asked
to take something down and you've never
taken something down if you're in the
public eye and you do something
offensive on Twitter and then you take
it down people will take a photocopy of
at the screen grab from the archive and
they'll start a whole new round of
what's wrong with you and and how bad
you are and the Cowardly you are for
taking it out so you'd never take it
down I've made that mistake in the past
just gets worse so for all the people
gave me advice you should take down that
tweet Scott
don't you understand why you got no
worst advice ever secondly apologies do
have a place but you should never
apologize for the whole thing if you've
been misunderstood you should make sure
that your only apologies are in the
context of saying clearly I didn't mean
it that way because clearly I didn't
yeah you know I didn't mean it to hurt
anybody and there was a reason I thought
it wouldn't and I gave my reasons I had
a blind spot and I said oh I have a
blind spot
I completely acknowledge the complaints
of my critics as valid completely
accepted the complaints as valid that's
really disarming there's nothing more
disarming than completely accepting the
criticism of your critics and it should
give very close to the end of the topic
right once you've said you know
everything you say I take that as as a
valid criticism here's why I did it
here's why I apologized too let's move
on but taking down the tweet just sort
of erases your history and makes you
look like a weasel so I so the biggest
complaint I got is from the people who
said I didn't complain but of Cour I
didn't apologize but of course I was the
first thing I did and was pinned to my
Twitter and people still like to
complain all right so the bottom line is
socially I came out behind because
people people are mad at me I guess in
person zero people have expressed that
so in my daily life of just you know
interacting with humanity zero people
had any problem with anything I did so
of all the people I meet in real life
people would actually talk to me plenty
of them think I shouldn't have tweeted
what I tweeted but there's nobody really
has a problem with me in real life none
or at least nobody has expressed it so I
don't have any experience of it in the
real life it's only sort of an online
online outrage thing which make which is
part of why I know it's artificial all
right so enough on that too much
let's talk about the democratic debate
who won who lost all right I made a
prediction I had a debate I was a small
prediction and I put in a comment to a
Van Jones tweet and I said this I read
lack of confidence talking about Harris
I read a lack of confidence in a public
persona but if she nails this debate
which I said was likely and her poll
numbers surged looked for a confident
kamala to emerge which beat which would
be hard to beat so I said it would be
likely the Harris would would nail the
debate that she would do well because
she seems to do well in set-pieces she
does well when she's interrogating
somebody in Congress she does she did
well in the last debate she did not do
well in this debates and her biggest
problem is in my opinion confidence she
doesn't act like she thinks she belongs
there and it comes across if she can't
act like she belongs there then the
voters will will agree with her the
voters are gonna agree with her if she
looks like she doesn't think she belongs
there so there's a lack of confidence in
her body language when she was being
criticized if you saw her face when she
was being criticized by the other
candidates which was the normal thing
that was happening up there
she looked bothered and and thrown off
her face registered that the other
candidates when they would be just
excoriated is that the right word they
would be getting ripped apart and you'd
see their faces and they just have
either have a you know what will smile
like or they'd be like or they were just
look at you like it didn't matter and
then those are much better ways to play
it but she she projects a lack of
confidence and by the way I I was
listening to her talk in my headphones
without looking at her and I discovered
something that I hadn't noticed before
when you take calm
Harris's voice out of the visual in
other words if you're only listening to
her but you're not looking at her at the
same time it's much weaker so her voice
outside of her personal appearance gets
very forgettable in week and that's it's
tough to get past I've often thought
that you could predict the presidency by
voice if you just had a bunch of people
listen to people's voices talking about
absolutely anything you'd do a pretty
good job of predicting who's gonna be
the next president male and female
I think voice and the confidence you put
across and the power that you put in
your voice it might be 60% of the game I
mean it's it's that big a deal we are so
influenced by voice quality one of the
things I noticed when I worked in my
corporate career is that there was not
only was their executive hair the
executives all seem to have similar
haircuts and like good hair and I
thought how is it how is it likely that
all of the executives have good hair
like what are the odds of that but they
also had really interesting voices the
executives now this was all so years ago
so I think things may have changed since
then but they had those executive deep
voices and even the women who were
succeeding had more I'd say masculine
sounding at least mannerisms if not
voices so voices are very important the
best voice is up there our Biden Biden
by far has one of the best executive
sounding voices if you if you could
divorce the things that Biden says and
the things that he's done and that his
policies if you could imagine all of
that away and just listen to the tonal
quality of his voice it's really
presidential and I haven't feeling that
a lot of the reason that people think
he's you know their guy and the
front-runner knowing nothing about any
of the subjects how many of the voters
at this point do you think even
understand health care immigration how
many of them have any understanding
those topics I would say none zero and
of the entire country the number of
people who understand health care zero
zero including the experts zero how many
people understand the exact right way to
do immigration I mean we generally have
some preferences about children in cages
we don't like that part but who
understands the whole the whole
complicated thing nobody nobody but I do
believe people here a confident voice
and they say well I don't understand
those things but that voice sure sounds
like somebody who understands those
things and will get to the other the
other players a minute so let me just go
down the list of who did well and who
didn't Biden I think is gonna take a hit
in the polls I think that Biden made
some old man errors that you can't
really get past they there was they sort
of revealed that he's not completely on
his game yeah and so what he he and it
wasn't wasn't the biggest error in the
world but because we're looking for this
kind of error it makes it look bigger so
at the end I guess you know even Vaux
which is a left-leaning entity said that
he quote bungled the debate closing
statement you know if you hear the word
bungled coming from your own team you've
bungled yeah that's it that's a bad
bumble when your own team says the word
bungle because your side doesn't use the
word bungle unless you bungled what he
did in particular was that he said if
you agree with me
go to Joe thirty three three zero and
everybody laughed and said that's not a
website it's Joe 2020 that's the website
but of course he wasn't talking about
the website he was talking about a phone
phone line or code that you can call to
I don't
do something yeah but the the mere fact
that old sleepy Joe who probably has
never used a computer the fact that he
would not distinguish between a landline
and a website well that's pretty bad
it's as bad as a look there's nothing
wrong with it really he just he just
didn't clarify that it was a telephone
line if he had it would have been fine
but it just the fact that he got up
there and promoted he promoted a
telephone in 2019 if you're promoting
using the telephone in 2019 one of the
young people say now of course you know
some smart phones are you know part of
their body practically but just the fact
that the way you phrased it was
telephonically
as opposed to website II you know more
modern language sort of a tell that
people aren't going to love actually
it's a it's a text number but just the
fact that he's screwed that that makes
him look like an old man and then he
said you referred to eight more years of
Donald Trump will change America in a
fundamental way now what he meant is
eight years a trump and what he meant
was four more years
so when he said eight more years very
normal
verbal slip something anybody could have
done at any age at any i q-- but because
it's biden it's a national story that he
said a sentence wrong that we know what
he meant so these are little things but
the fact that even his friends you know
that people on the Left are pointing
this stuff out means they're not all
that on that page if you know what I
mean the most interesting thing about
the debates was that Obama got thrown
totally under the bus I did not see that
coming one week ago you would have
expected that all Democrats would have
supported Obama and all Republican
would have said good things about Reagan
well two weeks ago is a long time
because this week we're throwing Obama
under the bus
in fact the protesters who were there at
the debate were protesting that Obama
had deported so many people Obama now I
don't know if they were legitimate
protesters or you know paid protesters
just mess things up from the Democrats
I suspect that might be part of it but
they didn't want they they were anti Joe
Biden because of his connection to Obama
and watching people frame Obama as bad
on immigration watching the Democrats do
it was amazing like not I don't even
mean amazing good I mean remarkable so
it was like a spectacle to behold and
that way and I thought yeah and even Joe
Scarborough was amazed that the in his
words that they portrayed Obama as quote
more heartless than Donald Trump on
immigration and they were also against
Obama care so the Democrats just went
full Trump what is Trump been saying
Obama deported more people what is Trump
been saying Obama built the cages for
the kids
what is Trump and saying he's been
saying that Obama care was a bad idea
the Democrats just agreed with Trump on
the most major issues that they care
about now they didn't obviously don't
agree on all the details blahblah ball
but it was amazing watching the party
just self-immolate by attacking the
things which they were strongest on in
order to get a Biden all right in
essence the people who are anti biting
the Democrats that are trying to get
past Biden for the nomination is it my
imagination or did they try to frame
Biden as Trump they're not trying to
become the nominee to be Trump they just
Framed Biden as just another Trump
they didn't say just another old white
guy but they kinda meant it don't you
think I mean nobody's gonna say that
well it's kind of easy the lump of Biden
with Trump because they're both old
white guys so your brain your brain just
automatically your bigoted brain just
puts them in the same category so it
might be effective it might be exactly
the thing that things by now I don't
know Harris Harris actually accused
Biden of working with segregationists
that's like one of the dirtiest attacks
first of all there's no one including
Republicans who believes that Joe
Biden's a racist right does anybody
think Joe Biden's racist no no even the
people who desperately don't want him to
be President
they don't think he's a racist but what
do you see here say the Biden was
working with segregationists and then
she just sort of you know moves on to
her point it makes it seem as though
Biden was agreeing with segregationists
no he was working with people who had
been elected to Congress because he
didn't have any choice once somebody's
elected to Congress that's who you work
with it's not up to you who you work
with you didn't make the decision you
didn't vote for the segregationist
you're just trying to get something done
and the things he was trying to get done
were not segregationist policies he was
trying to work with them to do something
that wasn't segregationist so the fact
that she threw him under the bus as
quote working with segregationist when
it was a day in time when that was the
only option was first of all a super
dirty trick and second of all pretty
darn effective as dirty tricks go a plus
so consistent with my trying to separate
technique from whether I personally
agree with it
her technique of matching the idea of
Biden with segregationists is really
strong
it's a really strong technique it's just
totally illegitimate totally it just
won't matter it works anyway Biden made
the mistake of saying that if a PhD
comes across our stage I think he meant
comes into the country it sounded like
he misspoke on that but I'm not entirely
sure but Biden said that if if an
immigrant who was a PhD comes here we
should try to keep them because you know
indicating that we want talented people
especially we won't tell the people and
if they're immigrants let's keep them
and then Booker of course tore into him
saying that that was just like Trump
that if you follow that path and say
give me all the PhDs you end up with you
didn't say it but the implication was
you end up with white people and and
then Booker went ahead and used the S
word on TV the s whole countries he said
you're no better than Trump with his
talking about s whole countries and I
thought wow wow
first of all very effective so Cory
Booker had a good night I thought I
thought Cory Booker was the strongest
we've seen him and he was brutal I mean
II really took I think he took he took a
chunk and a Biden that night now so it
was so my overall conclusion on Biden is
that he should go down in the polls
after this maybe not a lot but I think I
think that the Democrats exposed him as
being too much like Trump to wind right
because remember Biden would have to
limp it into the general election let's
say he got the nomination if he limped
into the general election he would be
limping in with this big wheelbarrow
full of ammunition that his Democratic
opponents have given President Trump and
he's just gonna hand it to Trump and
Trump's gonna say well let's see
let's see Joe let's see what the
Democrats say about you
they say you hang out with
segregationists that's what the
Democrats said about they say Obamacare
is a huge mistake that's what the
Democrats say about you Joe Biden he's
dead in the general election because the
basically let me put it this way the the
Democratic challengers have put down a
poison pill for Joe Biden and feel free
to borrow that analogy a poison pill is
when that comes from the the merger and
acquisition world so well sometimes a
company if it knows it might be acquired
by another company and it doesn't want
that to happen will build into its
internal corporate rules that if they're
acquired and I'll just make up an
example everybody gets a a million
dollar bonus all the employees do now of
course if that happened the company
would no longer be worth acquiring
because all of the money that the
acquirer thought was they were going to
get would immediately be going to the
employees and there would be no money
left in the company so why would you buy
a company with no money so that's a
poison pill so a company has created a
set of laws that makes them acquirable
it's a poison pill if they try to
acquire you they get the poison and they
die that's what the Democrats who are
challenging Biden have done they they
have poison pill him in other words they
have criticized him so much as Democrats
that that ammunition makes him unviable
as a general candidate so he will not be
viable because the poison pills that the
Democrats just laid down now the public
may not yet see that this is going to be
the sort of realization they'll sort of
emerge over the next few weeks as you
know one pundit after another says you
know I think they've damaged him so much
that if he had never run against anybody
in the primaries he'd be a strong
candidate against the president but now
they've kind of weakened them to the
point
he can't win and the others have not
been similarly weakened they the others
have not been weakened to the point
where they can't win they won't win but
you know it's a different situation so
here here is the thing that really
struck me about the night it seemed to
me that the Democrats are focusing on
the let's say the part of society that
they think is in the worst hole so they
talked about prisoners quite a bit they
talked about prisons and convicts quite
a bit and making their situation better
they talked about children and making
the situation with children better both
legal and illegal residents they talked
about immigrants who were not legal
citizens and making things better for
them and they talked about other
countries Guatemala etc and making
things better for them what do all of
those groups have in common have you
figured out what all of those groups
have in common the ones that they
focused on all night they can't vote
the Democrats have crafted a and it
almost sounds like if I'd said this out
of context like if I just said this
without this actually being the real
situation that we're watching right now
if I'd said to you that one of the major
parties decided to craft their entire
election message for the people who
can't vote children can't vote convicts
can't vote illegal immigrants can't vote
if I told you that that had been their
actual strategy I think it would have
laughed and you would have said you know
what ah I'm no political expert but if
I'm gonna try to get elected I think I
would craft my message for voters people
who vote now I certainly understand why
they want to show compassion and they
want to they want to focus their
compassion and the groups that are the
hardest hit and those three groups are
pretty hard hit kids prisoners
and a lot of the prisoners of course
have addiction problems maybe some
mental illness problems and stuff so
there's a lot of stuff that's not
necessarily entirely under their control
and stuff and and you know maybe they
got a bad start in life bad just bad
childhood experience about everything so
I completely get the epithet the empathy
makes complete sense but can you win an
election by making your entire message
appeal for the people who don't vote it
looks like a bad strategy guess we'll
find out let's talk about yang everybody
keeps saying yang Yang and getting my
messages here every five seconds
somebody says what about yang here's my
take on yang his presentation skills and
is his speaking in public his persona
really really good I gotta say his
public persona is dare I say Reaganesque
yang and I don't mean in the in the
racist way yang is funny in a very
relatable sort of way that you know
makes us all laugh he said that he was
literally the opposite of President
Trump because he's an Asian man who's
good at math very good line I've heard
him say it before it works every time
the public laughs it's self-deprecating
in a sense you know not really but it's
self-deprecating him like a funny sense
yeah it sort of gets to the point and it
makes you like him and then he talks
about his it was essentially one idea
the dollars for everybody now I think to
myself who doesn't want a thousand
dollars
everybody wants a thousand dollars so
that might actually be a much smarter
idea than do you think I we get the
sense when we watch him that maybe he
doesn't have any depth in the other
topics maybe he doesn't have a good idea
for immigration maybe he doesn't have a
good idea for
health care but I suppose if you gave
her everybody $1,000 a month well they
could buy themselves health care right
well a house another person would buy
you health care now how do you afford it
well I guess that's the question but
he's not what I like about Yang's take
on this is that he's the only one who's
looking at the future with any realistic
view but I don't think we elect
politicians who are good at anticipating
the future nobody wants that well I
think we want politicians who are good
at fixing yesterday's problem we don't
really want ones that are good at
anticipating the next one that's why
nobody is voting on climate change
that's why the the candidates whose main
main thing is climate change are not
getting any traction because we just
don't care about the future as much as
we care about really litigating the past
and who was it was a Bennett who
chastised the people unscathed
on stage for talking about something
that happened 50 years ago with busing
and we should be talking about the
future and I thought to myself hey
that's a nice high ground maneuver the
high ground maneuver is when you say
something that people can't disagree
with and he took it up - should we be
focusing on what happened 50 years ago
and you say to yourself no we shouldn't
cuz nobody thinks you should focus on
something that happened 50 years ago
until he brings it up though they're
gonna do it
so yang I thought is an engaging
personality he has plenty of style and
personality comes across well he looks
like a bull for both you know Democrats
and Republicans there's nothing to
dislike about him but people don't
really get the thousand dollar thing and
I have not heard I've not heard it
summarized in a in a brief way that
would convince anybody in fact I don't
even know that I've heard the entire
argument I mean I know the basics that
automation will take away our jobs we're
going to have to do something with all
the unemployable people but I don't know
how they
gets to how we pay for it and that I
think he has answers I just don't know
what they are and I actually would like
to hear them
alright let's talk about some other kids
aid so you all want me to talk about
Tulsi so I thought Tulsi Gabbard he had
a good night not good enough to propel
her into the lead
my problem with Tulsi as a candidate is
her mannerism is a little too laid-back
Hawaiian I can like everything she says
without being the least bit inspired by
it do you know what I mean she doesn't
inspire she just makes you think oh yeah
well that was pleasant and you know I
could I see where she's going with that
and well isn't she a nice person that so
I have those kinds of feelings about
hers like yeah she seems like quite a
nice person very very smart
looks like she's served her country I
like that Tulsi Gabbard but when she
talks she has almost I don't know if
it's a Hawaii thing we're sort of a
laid-back almost a surfer delivery that
it doesn't sound serious it doesn't
sound like he has the gravitas it
doesn't sound like if you put her in the
room with Putin the things go well
unless Putin wants to date her and then
maybe things would go well but just
kidding I don't think that I don't think
a bird is gonna make it into the top
three the the guys was it was it Bennett
Inslee I don't know the the generic
white guys the governor's I just can't
take them seriously yet and I'm not
saying that they're not qualified and
nothing they're not talented what I'm
saying is that they're they're generic
white guys and I just don't see the
Democrats going for that the only reason
Biden's up there is because of his Obama
connection otherwise he certainly
wouldn't be there and the only reason
Bernie's there is
he's he's he's giving free stuff to
young people so he has a lot of young
people supporting but Bernie won't make
it either alright what else was up there
oh let's talk a little bit about Corey
so I said he had the best night I
thought mentally strategically mentally
meaning smart strategically performance
wise right level of aggressiveness I'd
probably give him an a on all that
wouldn't you I I thought that his
performance was close to flawless it was
really good but here's the thing
there's something about Cory Booker you
know it's the wide eyes and the way he
talks that doesn't come across as
genuine is that is that the problem I I
don't know exactly what it is but
there's something about his persona that
is not quite clicking I don't know
exactly what it is and I'm curious about
whether Democrats are feeling any
anything different
I like Booker when he said to do Biden
that Biden you can the both ways
you can't embrace Obama and then go
against Obama I thought the most the
most disqualifying thing that Biden did
is that when he was asked what he
advised President Obama before Obama
started deporting lots of illegal
immigrants and and Biden actually said
that it was a private conversation and
he wouldn't talk about what if ice
precedent tells the president ouch ouch
because that puts Biden in a position
where he has to be a weak weenie or he
agreed with Obama on all those
deportations and both of them are come
disqualifying so I think Booker or was a
Booker who pushed him into that position
I think that was a kill shot
so I think by can't survive that that
debates my guests so here's my
prediction I'm gonna say the Biden goes
down and I'm gonna say that the winner
of the debate was are you ready who do
you think I'm gonna declare the winner
of the debate who was the winner of the
debate
the answer is Elizabeth Warren who
wasn't there the winner of that debate
was Elizabeth Warren because in her own
debate she held her own was perfectly
competent in her Elizabeth Warren way
and I would think of this debate the the
lower ranked people who have had maybe a
little move up but not enough to make
them a challenge and I think that the
top two candidates who are opposed to
war and both had a less than good night
I think Biden's night should take his
poll numbers down and I think that
Harris's numbers are going to stay
relatively similar and maybe go up a
little because as Biden's support
disappears the Biden sport is going to
go somewhere some of it might go to
Harris so even though all the candidates
were attacking bite and the the pro
Biden people have to go somewhere with
their vote if they change their mind and
where are they gonna go you're not going
to go from Biden to you know very anti
Biden positions so I think Harris might
actually pick up a little bit of support
or at least stay very similar people are
saying that Tulsi Gabbard will go up
remember if she could double you know
Tulsi could double them it just wouldn't
make any difference so sort of
irrelevant what the lower ranked people
do now I will say this I think people
are so obsessed
with winning that I don't think people
are gonna say hey that candidate who had
to 2% support I think if we all get
behind him or her we can bump that up to
4% I don't think people want to go to
the person who's got a 2% of support
because it's just a wasted vote even if
you're just talking to a pollster it's
sort of a waste of the conversation so
people are gonna move from Biden to
whoever is most Biden like who also
could win is that Harris no I'm sorry is
it Elizabeth Warren not so much because
Elizabeth Warren is sort of the opposite
Biden she's more extreme left he's more
middle-of-the-road the most the the
closest person to Biden who's not Biden
Miss Harris who also has the right
gender and the right ethnic composition
to be sort of naturally popular in a
group that the values that stuff so I do
not expect the Harris will be knocked
out of the race by a less than great
performance last night she'll she'll
stay where she is I think maybe Warren
will have a little bump and Biden will
be down a little bit maybe Booker gets a
little bump but he's not going to be in
the hunt he's not gonna be in the top
three so what one of the which was the
candidate was a Bennett or somebody else
I forget which one he said we have a
white nationalist in the White House now
calling somebody a white nationalists
that given given what evidence there is
you know in the news etc that is such a
destructive thing in terms of you know
tearing the country apart that even if
you believe that's true
they should be disqualifying to say out
loud well I suppose if it were true it
wouldn't be disqualifying but given that
half of the country is saying we voted
for that
and we don't think he's anything like
that I don't know how you can win a
general election by saying that half of
the voters put a white nationalist in
the office that was maybe so
irresponsible that you wouldn't want
that guy in charge of the military would
you I mean that's that was a look that
that's like a permanent state all right
so let me give you a kill shot for a
Biden if he's not already finished off
are you ready for this
so Biden is getting a lot of pushback
for his getting tough on crime past so
he put a lot of people in prison and in
2019 there's more effort especially by
the Trump administration to get people
out of prison if they've served their
time or they're not there for four
reasons we think are appropriate but
here's a kill shot that has not been
used on Biden that could be used by the
Democrats it wouldn't work so well for
Trump to say it but but just I'm gonna
give you one sentence in the form of a
question
imagine any Democrat challenger asking
this question to Biden on stage you
ready how many women have you put in
prison see the thing is that Biden put
more people in prison I assume that it
wasn't just all men don't you think he
put a lot of women in prison if anybody
goes after Biden for putting more women
in prison by his policies which I think
could be supported by the fact somebody
has to fact-check be there because if
it's not supported by the facts it's
gonna be weaker but it's still work I
mean even if it's not true people are
gonna think it's true but the reason
that kids in cages work so well is that
we don't think the same about putting an
adult male who committed a crime in
prison as we do when we talk about a kid
especially a kid who
you know made any adult decisions about
any crimes or anything so I think that
Biden would have a tough time explaining
why he put so many women in prison you
know I think it's supportable by the
facts and I'm not sure that those women
didn't need to go to prison for their
crimes I don't know what the details are
but might be an interesting approach
maybe you'll see that the other thing
that Biden did which really hurts him I
think is that he's the only candidate
we've seen who as soon as the moderator
tells him he's done he stops in the
middle of a sentence doesn't that isn't
that jarring it looks submissive so
remember he was a vice president not a
president so a vice president is a
submissive position the point of being a
vice president is to be submissive
you are literally an underling you are
literally the one person in the
government who can never disagree with
the president am i right every other
person from Lindsey Graham to Mark
meadow as you name it every other
Republican who otherwise supports the
president can still can still them
criticize them on certain topics and
you've seen it over and over right
there's no shortage of Republicans who
are willing to criticize the president
except for one there is only one
Republican in the world who you've never
seen criticized the president during his
administration Pence because that's his
job Pence's job is to be the most
submissive politician who's running or
it was who has a job not running so
pence actually ran for the job of
submissive politician sort of a
politician in a box just waiting for an
emergency Biden for eight years was the
world's most submissive politician
nobody's arguing that right you're
submissive if all you do is agree with
your boss and you
even tell us what you advised him so
Biden will be running as the most if he
got the nomination he'll be running as
the most submissive politician who is
still alive
against the most dominant politician
who's ever lived
think about that Biden is the most
submissive politician who's still alive
I don't know if there's any other vice
presidents around I guess quails around
but he was only in one term right in
terms of eight years of submissiveness
nobody tops Biden and he'd be running
against the most alpha dominant
politician of all time in the United
States that's not a good look
let's see what else we got here
I think we talked about most of the
things here there anything else anything
else you you want to talk about somebody
says my audio is good today you know I
don't really know why the audio is good
some days not good others other days
because unless I'm wearing the
headphones when I'm doing interviews
with people and talking to people it's
always the same it's just my iPad I just
stick this little clip to my shirt and
that's it somebody says Trump is not the
most dominated politician hint hint
Oh somebody said Al Gore yeah
Al Gore also did eight years you're
right but but he'll girl you know I know
was Al Gore submissive not as submissive
as Biden because when you think of Al
Gore he was he was always framed as a
co-president because Bill Clinton was
good at this he would say that you know
you got Hillary for free and you know
and the
two presidents not one because he was
going to give Gore a big portfolio of
important stuff and gore actually did a
lot of important stuff he did you know
made the government more efficient and
and then later he talked about climate
change and stuff so when you look at
gore you see somebody who had a
portfolio of real work and was really
respected and you imagined that when he
went to lunch with you imagined that
when Al Gore had lunch with Bill Clinton
that when Al Gore had an opinion Bill
Clinton probably listened to it don't
you don't don't you imagine if those two
guys were talking back in the day that
President Clinton would completely
respect Al Gore's opinion and
incorporated in what he was doing of
course of course he would so even though
Gore had the job
that's the submissive job we didn't see
it that way because she knew he was more
like a partner than a subordinate pence
I don't know how often pence was even in
the room frankly I mean it might be I
just don't know we don't hear about it
and how about Biden no I guess Biden had
some you know had a portfolio - I think
he had something to do with the
recovering funds but we don't really
think of him that way we don't we don't
imagine him as anything except the guy
who disappeared behind Obama's shining
star power so that's got to be a factor
so I see somebody still mocking Al Gore
with Al Gore built the Internet somebody
typed that in all capital letters
followed by lol you know Al Gore is
completely unfairly criticized for that
the reality is that Al Gore built the
Internet
I'm sorry that was just true Al Gore
built the Internet
oh you're saying he didn't do the
programming he didn't do the technology
he's not an engineer that was all done
by technology people not Al Gore well
you know Al Gore's who funded it Al Gore
is the person who championed the fun
to make that happen he was the one who
saw that that was important and he went
and got the money for it so if Al Gore
says I built the internet because he's
the one who championed it and got the
money that's pretty close to true
there wasn't one person who built the
Internet
you know even the technical people
there's you know there is one person I
think who was sort of the architect of
some of the basics of the technology but
that person that one person didn't build
the Internet there's like thousands and
thousands of people but probably the
most important person the one person who
had to do what he did was Al Gore say
what you want to say about his politics
say what you want to say about climate
change say what you want to say about
any of his opinions but truth is Al Gore
was a pretty serious guy he was
qualified and and he did make the
Internet happen so here's what I
criticize Al Gore for he he did what
people advised me to do which is sort of
fall on the sword and so he made a joke
of himself for saying that he invented
the internet so he acted as though the
criticism were true and he's just haha
okay I said that I'm wrong that probably
was the wrong approach what he should
have said every time that came up is to
say I never meant that I invented it as
in I never meant that I coded it I meant
that I was you know the one who got the
money and the money is important nothing
happens without money now if he'd said
that we would have said okay he's sort
of exaggerated his role but the money
part is so important and the end the
vision to know to get that money that's
a pretty big deal so he didn't take
credit for what was one of the greatest
things a government a government servant
ever did Al Gore funding the the
beginning of the Internet is
the most important things and the
politician ever did and instead of
taking his full credit he went with a
joke and and laughed at himself I think
it was a huge mistake politically
because I think he should have taken the
credit for that and keep in mind that Al
Gore was also I think he was the only
Democrat who cited maybe the only one
who sided with Bush senior about the
first Iraq war which was the the one
people liked so that was sort of the
limited one where we just stopped him
from going into Kuwait stopped what's
his name
so yeah I've always liked Al Gore and I
didn't apologize for that I think he was
the real deal I think he had some flaws
as a politician but they were not flaws
as a person they were flaws as you know
his BS wasn't as good as other people's
BS I can't I can't fault him for that
and I'm on climate change I think we
have to wait and see because there's
certainly something happening you know
it looks like the climate is changing
and we you know we can disagree about
the role of humans and all that but if
he if he rate rose our consciousness
about it and that causes us to let's say
build more a green technology and have
more clean nuclear power if it leads to
those things I think it's gonna be okay
alright subby said he was wrong on NAFTA
that might be that could be you know
nastas kind of a strange one because I
don't know how you can score NAFTA
because I think you could make an
argument that if NAFTA never happened
you know there might have been massive
immigration and dislocation and the
south and we would have a bigger
immigration problem that we did but
because they have to happened yet
helped the economy of other countries on
their borders while being bad for our
apparently or at least employment but
did we come out behind there's no way to
know we can't judge whether an after was
good or bad because we don't have here's
an important point for those of you who
have not been in the world of science or
economics or business if you've never
been in those fields you can't really
compare something without an actual
comparison so we can't say NAFTA was
good or bad because what we don't have
is those same years with no NAFTA
there's nothing to compare it to you can
say that something went the way we don't
want that would be true but you can't
say it didn't work you can only say some
bad stuff came out of it some good stuff
came out of it we don't like the bad
stuff you could say that but you don't
know what would have happened if you
didn't do it that's unknowable and so
I'll leave you with that thought and now
I wish you all a tremendous day and go
off and have the best time of your whole
life