[Music]
good morning everybody and welcome to
another highlight of human civilization
it's called coffee with Scott Adams if I
could get my cables out of your camera
we'd all be happy wouldn't we there we
go look at that problem solved D yay now
how would you like to take this
experience up to levels that nobody ever
even dreamed of being possible I've got
two white boards back there that are
going to change
civilization possibly it might actually
change civilization but you'll be the
judge of that but before we get there
let's take our energy up to the
stratosphere and all you need is a cuper
muger glass attack your chelse dine a
canteen jug Su flask a vessel of any
kind fill it with your favorite liquid I
like coffee and join me now for the
unparallel pleasure the dopamine hit of
the day the thing that makes everything
better including double
whiteboards it's called the simultaneous
Sip and it happens now
go that's so
good
yeah I've got I've got three cameras
here that I'm trying
to coordinate but I think we can make
this all
work well let's talk about the news
before I change the world with my double
whiteboard and uh let's see number one
there's uh some new obesity
research that uh suggests that we know
which part of the brain is regulating
your energy and you're eating I guess
and with a small tweak there some people
say you could eat as much as you want
without getting
obese does that sound like good news you
can eat as much as you want maybe I mean
it's not a thing yet so it's premature
but there's some possibility you could
eat as much as you want and not get
overweight pretty good
huh I can't think of a worse
idea because our food is poison you know
our process foods are just the more you
eat the unhealthier you're going to get
do you know what makes me feel the best
which is one of the reasons I've lost
the 10 lbs
recently i' I've started tracking you
know when I feel good and when I don't
and it's perfectly clear that the thing
that makes me feel bad for the rest of
the day is food just
food now it doesn't matter you know it
does matter what I eat you know if I
just eat uh you know fresh fruit and
nuts I feel fine fresh fruit fruit and
nuts perfectly healthy all day long if I
eat anything that comes out of a
package um I got inflammation I'm tired
you know it's a completely different
experience if I could eat twice as much
food I wouldn't really want to eat twice
as much fruit and nuts just as one
example I wouldn't want
but you can imagine a lot of people who
like to eat processed foods and stuff
they would eat twice as much processed
foods do you think they're going to feel
better I feel like obesity is the only
thing that stops you from overeating I
think I don't want to get obese so I'll
eat a little less I don't know feels
like it could be good news that's really
bad news you never
know well China has a problem of too
many men they have 32 million more men
than they have
women 32 million extra
men who don't have an option of having
their own you know exclusive woman and a
family now that was of course because of
China's one child policy for so many
years which is now a three-child policy
uh because we're running out of people
32 million is the the entire population
of
Afghanistan the entire population of
Afghanistan is the same as the number of
extra
in
China historically what have countries
done when they had too many
men War yeah unfortunately we're built
to um kind of
occasionally cut down on the number of
extra
men uh so I wouldn't be surprised if
China ends up with an enormous Army of
proportions that nobody can even and you
know understand cuz otherwise what are
you going to do with them all are they
going to start having two men for one
wife maybe actually that might actually
happen that might actually become a
thing all right maybe that would solve
some other problems
too you know if both the men were okay
with it two men with one wife would
probably be pretty good ex it would
probably be a pretty good arrangement
for some people
all right so let's watch for that um
today today might be a short
presentation but the most important one
you've ever
seen I'm trying to build it up so you
can't wait because it actually might be
let me tell you one of my secrets for
happiness I've talked about this in at
least one or two of my books I like to
have at least one thing going on in my
life that could change the world now
what are the odds that any one person
can change the world in you know any
important way well on one hand you say
well it's very low chance that you could
change the world but if you look at how
the world has ever changed it's almost
always one
person one person is usually the only
way the world changes they're first
they're not the only one but they
there's always somebody who goes first
you know there's a so one person can
change the world so here are a couple
things that I have going on right now
that might change the world don't know
one of them
is my book reframe your brain it's not
written just to have a good time on an
airplane it's written because it once
you understand this material you'll be
able to literally change how you
think on demand in know wide variety of
domains now if you could change how you
think you would change how you would you
would act and you know you could easily
imagine that it would help people you
know see the world clearer in a more
useful way and could change the world
now if it became a number one bestseller
it would absolutely change the world
there's no doubt about it because in the
non in the non fiction World Let's Take
A Book Like The Seven Habits of Highly
Successful People you know just sat on
the bestseller list for decades that
totally changed how people
acted right they read that book and they
said oh this is a bunch of good tips
I'll better keep my skills sharp and
stuff like
that so if you can be a number one book
you actually do change the world in the
non-fiction in the non-fiction domain so
there's some chance doesn't mean it'll
happen but I like my odds but what I
have in the Whiteboard is another one
I'm going to show you something on the
Whiteboard after a few more stories that
could change the world actually
literally what are the odds I don't know
you know not
100% but it's not 10% it's probably a
greater than 10% chance it will change
everything so that's that's what I
that's what I think you should wait for
all right
uh the
xplatform which I'm phasing out of
saying Twitter at the same time is
everybody ready if I said meanwhile on X
you would all know what I mean at this
point right
so is it time to start phasing out the
that you used to call
Twitter you ready everybody ready for
that I think I think we're ready let's
call it let's call it today's the day
stop dead naming X stop dead naming
it no no dead naming all
right well on X the uh the phrase ADL is
trending and I said to to myself what's
all all that about so there are a lot of
people who are calling the uh
ADL what does the A stand
for what's the A and ADL stand for anti-
defamation League the Anti-Defamation
League um which Republicans have caught
on I think they caught on a while ago
that it's a basically a a Democrat 8
group and and a way to attack
Republicans and way and call the braces
so the ADL is I'm sure they had Noble
you know Noble uh intentions when they
started and I'm sure there are plenty of
members of it who still have Noble
intentions but in terms of the
leadership my observation and my opinion
is it's just a racist Democrat
organization now so it looks like they
get all the money from Democrats and
then they use it to label Democrats
enemies as a bunch of racists and then
they say hey don't listen to me listen
to the people I funded to call you a
racist because if it was just me I mean
if it's just me it's just an opinion but
it's not just an opinion it's coming
from the people I paid to say my opinion
that's completely different you get it
it's not my opinion I'm just referring
to the people I paid to tell you my
opinion can you not get the difference
all right so that's what's going on with
the ADL
that when when I got cancelled the ADL
came after me and called me a holocaust
denier does that sound like
me does that sound like they did their
homework and they came up with a good
take to help the world be a better place
by calling me a holocaust
denier was was that useful that came
from the head of the organization it
didn't come from like a you know some
rank inv the actual leader of the
organization in public called me a
holocaust denier now do you think that
has anything to do with anything factual
of course not of course not no they're
just a racist Democrat
organization uh whose job it is to you
know defame people they don't like now
do they also do some good stuff probably
probably that that's why they get to
stay in their little cover position CU
they also do some good stuff I assume I
mean I haven't seen any but I just
assume they do some good
stuff all right um do you remember oh it
was 2020 or so that I got absolutely
destroyed on a platform that we call
X but it used to be called something
else I'm not even going to dead name and
now you know that but uh I tweeted that
if uh Joe Biden got elected the
Republicans would be
hunted oh man did I get attacked for
that oh people people still tweeted
around no no they posted around people
still posted around to try to mock me
for how wrong I was in
2020 are you feeling I was
wrong do you feel that the Republicans
were not at all
haunted well let's talk about the uh
Dominique Piza
uh he proud boy member who smashed a
window during the January 6th stuff and
got 10 years in
prison for breaking a
window 10 years in
prison for breaking a
window Joe bigs got 15 years in
prison for nothing violent
17 s somebody saying 17 for nothing
violent well if you say to yourself hey
you do you do the crime you do the time
right you do the crime you do the time
that's just how our system works does it
does it really is that have it worked
with black lives matter and antifa when
they were burning down the place is it
is it how it worked when Trump got um
elected in 2016 and all of these same
people well the groups anyway not the
people but the same groups attacked uh
the capital and 50 50 secret service
people were injured was that 50 people
were injured lots of property damage
fires
yeah so we do have a country in which we
can say um I think without any argument
at this point that uh Republicans are
hunted and that the system is trying to
exterminate at least the Republican
party if not the
people so you you hear some people
saying oh you know it's going to get so
bad that you could be jailed for your
opinion for being a republican well
that's happening now that's that's
actually happening people are being
jailed for their opinion now the the
fake reason is that they broke a
window or that they were part of those
are fake reasons now
do you think that the Democrats know
that this is happening if you're a
Democrat don't you think that people
broke the law and then the law caught up
with them and hey that's how it's
supposed to
work do you believe they have any idea
what's going on I don't I don't think
they have any
idea how could
they the only place they would tell them
are the media sources that their own
side says if you even look at those
sources there's something wrong with you
you can't even look at them
you wouldn't even want it in your
browser history you know what I mean
yeah so they have no way to know um so
I'm going to call this my best
prediction ever that Republicans were
haunted and are being haunted how many
of you would say that that's a accurate
claim of success that I accurately
claimed that the way things were added
is the Republicans would be identified
and hunted now I don't mean every
Republican I mean that they only have to
hunt and abuse and jail enough so that
the rest of you will shut the
up do do you feel that you've uh you've
uh let's say modified your free speech
to not get caught up in the January 6
you know illegitimate prosecution sort
of thing yeah uh I would so there have
been a few times this week when I
thought to myself of saying something
something
online that would get close to sounding
like I was organizing
something and then I thought oh crap if
it sounds like I promoted something or
organized any kind of response to what
we're seeing then I would be thrown in
jail perhaps to be someone inciting
violence or maybe banned from platforms
or something so I feel that my free
speech is at least on that topic is
completely
G but as I often say you don't have to
worry about some parts of the country
until they're
quiet now I plan to never be quiet but
my free speech is being eroded a little
bit you know at a time because I don't
want to go to
jail you know I didn't mind getting
cancelled as you all
noticed honestly that I didn't mind that
at all I didn't mind being canceled cuz
I feel that's part of the system yeah
people can act any way they want it's a
free free world but now I actually fear
going to jail like actually literally
that that's not a hyperbole I spent a
good time yesterday thinking about
everything I do and everybody I've
talked to and everything I've ever said
to wonder if I could go to jail not
because I broke any laws but because
somebody could say I
did so I actually spent some of my time
trying to figure out how not to go to
jail for an illegitimate prosecution in
America that's a real thing spend my
time doing that yeah
um how many of you saw the greatest show
that has ever been on the internet in my
opinion and it featured Phil bump uh
allegedly a writer of The Washington
Post uh being grilled oh my God it was
it was Amazing by in a podcast by the
owner of the comedy seller gnome dworman
and I need a fact check on
gnome uh is he an attorney who now owns
the comedy Center why why was he so good
at his questioning was he is he a
trained attorney or is he just super
smart like he really he really had the
goods does everybody know if you
know how about something not
anti-semitic maybe that would be better
right yeah don't make the ADL be
right don't don't don't let them be
right right calm down Jesus Christ
um wow um but is he an
attorney all right well whether or not
he's an attorney or he went to law
school he he had the best game I've seen
of any podcaster that's a pretty big
claim but I'll say it again he had the
best game I've ever seen of a podcaster
in the political domain he absolutely
eviscerated Phil bump who most of us who
were you know close followers of the
news you know he's not a real news guy
he's a regime coverup guy or at least
allegedly
allegedly so allegedly he's one of the
go-to top 10 Democrats when they need a
designated liar somebody to cover up one
of their Ops so he's one of the ones who
helped cover up the uh Russia collusion
op the laptop is a Russian
disinformation op uh he lied about the
upside down Bible story you heard that
hoax so he's sort of a hoax supporter
kind of a guy now nobody thinks he's a
real real writer if they follow if they
pay attention when I got got canceled he
was one of the main guys who came after
me in public to dunk on me for getting
cancelled so you can imagine my glee in
watching his entire career being
dissected while he was still alive it
was like a human
autopsy all right so I'm not going to
play you a a clip because anything you
see out of context like a little part of
it would never would never give you a
sense of what happened it was It was a
live
murder he was
destroyed and mostly he did it to
himself now some of you are going to say
I I'll just give you a sense of it can I
can I give you let's say a
5c uh 5-second impression of Phil bump
answering any good question and there
were just like lots of good questions
just ordinary good questions but here's
him answering any good question well if
you're not going to listen to all the
counter information I had I it's a setup
it's a setup well this I should just
walk right out if you're not going to
listen to anything I say and then gome
would say well you know what are you
trying to say you know what's the answer
to the question well how many times do I
have to tell you do you read my articles
do you read my articles if you haven't
read my articles this looks like just
some kind of a setup you know I now I
made that all
up but imagine imagine that was his
reaction from this start of the
interview that was his first
reaction imagine what he was like in an
hour and 15
minutes he got poked so hard in the
first 5 Seconds that he completely
flipped out like his body language was
just like he couldn't even sit in the
chair right he was like sitting in the
chair like this like he was just
completely
wrecked and at some point he
realized he he stayed
yeah by the way there's some fake news
that he walked
out uh you know so the the right is
not the political right is not without
their fake news so the way I saw it
reported is that he walked out and
nothing like that happened in fact it
was the opposite he he stayed Way Beyond
the time he had committed to stay so I'm
going to defend him on that he did not
walk out he walked out when really he
was winding down and it was time to
leave but he did flip out now a number
of people said to me Ah that's cognitive
dissonance the way he's acting it's I a
tell for realizing you know something
that that he didn't think was true
before but I'm here to tell you I've
seen a lot of cognitive dissonances one
of the things I talk about the most that
didn't look like cognitive dissonance to
me I didn't see any cognitive dissonance
I saw somebody who knew he was a liar
and knew that his job is to cover for
the regime hoaxes and he was going to
get caught cuz he ran into a buz saw
that he didn't know was a buz saw he
probably thought he was talking to some
comedy seller guy who would have all the
understanding of a comedian you know
what I
mean he probably thought that because
the guy owned a comedy shop he was
probably more of an artist who got lucky
in business or something and that and
that this would be like a you know an
easy one and he would just say
everything he wants to say and the the
guy wouldn't know what the good
questions were or what was wrong with
his answer oh no that's not what
happened again I can't say enough about
gnome Dorman I've never seen a more
capable or
competent political interview I mean
he's a star he's a freaking star and he
never lost his cool even while bump was
flipping out which made it even all the
more interesting to watch so
um I would not say that was cognitive
distance it was not cognitive distance
that that was somebody who got caught
and uh so here's the best part of it uh
after all of that he made a reference to
why you should believe him because he's
the expert on the on the huntter laptop
shoes you should believe everything he
says but also that he uh he has The
credibility of a big institution that
backs
him he actually said that
he said that you can believe him because
the Washington Post backs him the
Washington Post now let me ask you this
how many Democrats would know that
that's a a laugh
line like how many actual Democrat
voters know that saying that the
Washington Post backs you is really
literally
hilarious probably not many yeah but
I'll bet a lot of Republicans know it
yeah the Washington Post reportedly and
allegedly
gets their direction from the
CIA
reportedly and it seems obvious that
some of the writers are more on more on
the page of wherever their direction is
coming from than others okay so the
Washington Post actually ended up
backing him uh when he's been
conclusively debunked as a liar on
several of his stories like there's no
doubt about it it's not it's not even
opinion it's just it's just the the
legal system itself showed that he was a
liar or that his information was wrong
not not necessarily he was lying because
that's mind reading but that his stories
were factually Incorrect and the
Washington Post instead of instead of
saying well he may have gotten some
facts wrong but we back him they didn't
do that they just said they back him as
if his incorrect reporting is what they
were
backing so um to me this was
fascinating um it was extra fascinating
because it showed you the gears of the
machine if you did not know that the
opinion pieces the opinion writers
especially for something like the
Washington Post are not not like regular
reporters that there's old different
mechanism going on if you didn't know
that you got to see it for the first
time because if you wondered hey I
wonder if he thinks he's telling the
truth maybe he believes what he's saying
you could tell for sure he doesn't
believe what he's
saying that became really clear I'm not
a mind reader but after an hour and a
quarter of him you know treading water
and trying to you know divert from
things he said it was pretty obvious he
knew yeah it pretty obvious he's a
propaganda guy and not a not a not a
genuine opinion guy well that's my
opinion about him let's talk about some
more hoaxes so here's one I didn't know
at the time but apparently it's been
revealed that there was some big massive
hoax up in Canada about alleged Mass
Graves of indigenous
children so the I guess the idea was
that some point in Canada's history and
I don't know what uh what era they're
talking about but that bunch of
indigenous people their children were
killed in a mass
this of course turned out to be
completely
false but in the between the period that
it was widely reported as true and the
time it took them to dig up all the
places where they said it was to find
out there was nothing there during that
time 83 churches were burned down or
vandalized in Canada in
response
now do you
think that um
that nobody who was press in the story
knew it was
false CU remember when they looked for
evidence there was none there was not
even one body it was just
dirt so do you think that there was
anybody who reported people are saying
this but there is zero
evidence do you think the news said
there's absolutely no evidence of it so
don't assume this is true but you know
it's in the news so we're telling you
about
somehow the Canadian news convinced
people this was real without any
evidence without any evidence because it
didn't happen so there couldn't be
evidence right I mean not physical
evidence and the physical evidence would
be the most obvious thing you'd ask for
because it's literally about a mass
grave so if the story is about I think
it was multiple Mass graves right if the
story is about a mass grave on your own
territory how how long does it take to
see if there's a picture of some
bones how did it go that long you have
to assume that this was an OP of some
kind because it doesn't look like a
natural news story or even a natural
rumor that got in the hand it looks like
an OP it looks like somebody wanted to
get rid of some
Churches now I don't know that that was
the case it might have been just massive
incompetence right could it it could
have been just massive
incompetence
well here's the fun
part oh one more Dan
banino is not happy with NBC
News uh because Dan banino is was
amplifying uh Tucker
Carlson's let's say what would you say
his concern that what we're seeing in
the news
suggests that uh there's some interest
by bad people to assassinate Trump
that everything we've seen leading up to
it is is creating a uh
impression that there might be even
something more extreme if they can't
take him out through legal
means
um so Dan banino apparently so he has
obviously career
experience uh he was Secret Service
right he used to be secret service so he
knows what protecting a president or
anybody looks like so he was he was
apparently um putting some layers onto
that idea uh layers of credibility that
we should literally think about Trump's
physical safety
more and there was an NBC news that
mocked him
and um threw him in the same category
with Alex Jones as a disgraced
conspiracy theory that's what they
called Al Alex Jones
disgraced that's what they call me too
that's what I call myself I like to call
myself disgraced
cartoonist
um so the story is if you were if you
were a Democrat and you looked at the
story you'd say huh Dan banino is
claiming something without evidence and
then NBC News doing their job as a news
organization called him out for being a
conspiracy theorist that's like all
those other conspiracy theorists and you
should watch out for those guys so
that's why you think if you were a
Democrat if you're a republican you
probably have seen uh the smart people
say that NBC is essentially a CIA
tool and that the that's the reporting
so NBC News is consider the primary you
know with the Washington Post I guess
two of the primary ways the CIA does
propaganda in this country which is
completely legal the CIA is completely
legal to run propaganda through our our
own news entities it's not ethical but
it's
legal
um so now that you know that now that
you know that the the NBC News is
considered a uh an owned organ news
organ by the
CIA who do you think you'd worry about
assassinating Trump from within the
country are you worried that the FBI
would do
it are you worried that a judge would do
it some judge are you worried that a
regular police officer would do
it now if you're worried about it at all
you're probably thinking about our own
CIA because you have some questions
about Kennedy's assassination right you
have some questions now I don't know if
if the CIA was involved with the JFK
assassination I only know it looks
exactly like
it and I think RFK Jr who certainly has
looked into it believes there's a
connection
so now now does it make sense Dan banino
who's an expert in this
field used to his job says he sees the
environment uh creating what looks like
an elevated risk is that unreasonable
he's an expert he's showing his work
everything he tells you he can back up
with you know this happened this
happened and together I'm feeling an
elevated risk now that's not a certainty
it's a risk right and that risk would
absolutely be from the CIA if it's real
at
all and if the CIA wanted to cover it up
who would they send NBC
news so if you happen to know the the
landscape of the actual uh real news
situation it looks like the CIA is
covering for themselves if you're a
Republican and you
reconnects hey
did you miss
me I wonder if it was the
topic if I said masks are really good
for you do you think it would have
glitched just asking does anybody think
that if I if I said hey everybody get
your boosters get your boosters do you
think we would have a technical
problem I don't know maybe hard to
say but you know I haven't started
yet let's see if we can make a YouTube
glitch again anybody want to see if I
can make it glitch
again I'm just getting started all right
let's see if we can make uh the the Deep
stage show its hand now it could be it
could be a coincidence it could be a
coincidence coincidences do happen all
right we're going to clip this next part
so the clip is going to start right
after I put my hand down are you
ready
all right I'd like to describe to you
with my double whiteboards how I see the
landscape of the country in the news Etc
I'm going to take it from two
perspectives number one what is the
situation for
Republicans situation for Republicans as
I see it yeah I'll move that in your
way looks like this as you know not
everybody has good information and
sometimes we all believe things that
aren't true including me on the
Republican side this is how I see the
landscape sometimes there are rumors
that are
started uh at Grassroots level and these
rumors could come from anywhere these
are just three examples could be forner
Reddit or somewhere in X it's a bunch of
BS and sometimes that BS trickles up to
leadership and famous people and so
you'll you'll get some Republicans who
will believe some of it and they'll get
Republican voters to believe it and then
uh the Democrats will criticize them for
being U wrong about something that's
wrong right now this looks about it does
that kind of capture the Republican side
of things I'm trying to get it out of my
own way
here
see would you say that largely captures
what happens no I'm not saying that
everything Republicans believe is wrong
that's nothing like that I'm saying that
when they're wrong CU everybody's wrong
right but when they're wrong it usually
looks like this it bubbles up from some
rumors some politicians pick up on it
Republicans say oh other people are
saying it too and next thing you know
there's some BS and then the Democrats
pounce and they fact check you and they
make you look stupid and then they say
all Republicans are dumb because some of
them believe this stuff so that's
basically the landscape all right but
what does the landscape look like on the
other side does it look like
this not as much no looks a little
different it's way more
complicated but it looks sort of like
this this would be the Democrat news
um
landscape if I can get out of my own way
all right so I think most of you can see
it
now so you've got the CIA and the FBI
and various Democrat operatives who feed
their media these are just some of the
names we know are the illegitimate media
so these are the ones who are being
influenced by Democrat leadership and uh
various entities that they have some
control over so the media is fake news
but Democrats are not they're completely
unaware they they think that there's the
Democrats believe that both sides have
their own fake news and that's really
the whole story oh we had a little fake
news sure but you had a little fake news
most of the news is true nothing like
that is happening no in the political
world nothing you know the news about
hurricanes is probably real but
political news is uh coming from
influencers the media is completely
corrupt and the right-wing media only is
only looked at by people on the right so
the left is completely unaware that
there's any counternarrative they never
see them so they take their fake news
and they get support from you know the
other fake entities which they support
oh the ADL says you're bad too oh the
media said you're bad but these other
people they agree these are all funded
by democrats so they're funded to look
like legitimate organizations but really
they're just um they're just Democrat
organizations to attack the other side
what about the fact Checkers also funded
mostly by democrats also fake um so once
you've got all of these other
organizations from the media to these
funded Democrat organizations you you've
got a real big ball of fake news that's
why there are over 20 hoaxes on my hoax
list that the Dem rats all believe are
real at least 20 major hoaxes that went
through this
machine the outcome of this is that the
Democrats are brainwashed literally that
is not to say that Republicans have only
the truth nothing like that's happening
Republicans are also wrong about things
quite often but it is bubbling up from
the the bottom it's not coming from the
top uh from the Democrats it's all top
stuff and so the their poor voters don't
have any idea what's going on they think
they think that this is some kind of a
legitimate process and they don't have
any way to find out it's not they don't
have a mechanism to know that it's not
real cuz the only thing that's telling
them is not real are people like me and
they've already they've already told you
I'm a disgraced cartoonist and the ADL
told you that I'm a holocaust
denier that's what the ADL said the the
leader of the ADL I'm not just saying
that somebody sent a tweet the actual
leader of the ADL labeled me a holocaust
Den now I don't have to defend that you
know I'm not a holocaust denier but it
shows you how the machine works right
when you saw the Phil bump uh interview
in which he got completely demolished
for being a fake news guy you could see
all of this finally being exposed it was
obvious he wasn't a genuine writer with
real opinions you could tell that it
came from some somewhere and he was
supporting some kind of a some kind of a
machine all right so that's what happens
to the Democrat voters Democrat voters
get brainwashed and the Republican
voters get Shadow banned so they can't
uh fight back um I would be very
surprised if this gets big traffic on
YouTube if you know what I
mean what watch the traffic it gets
let's say on the
xplatform and compare that to the
Baseline and then watch what happen on
YouTube and compare that to my Baseline
do you think they're going to be the
same very little chance of that because
the most of the platforms uh the media
platforms which I accidentally erased
this is this would say social media uh
they're they're going to make sure that
you that the other side that has been
brainwashed by the system they're going
to make sure they don't see
me only the people who already agree
with me are going to see me and of
course there's prosecutions going on so
the department of justice is making sure
that if you have an opinion such as the
one I just expressed that they're coming
after
you so here's what is really really
interesting about this
week the entire Gears of the machine are
now obvious you can see the entire
Hunter Biden money-making scheme right
it's all laid out you can see every part
of it now the Phil bumps of the world
the illegitimate people are going to say
but but but you haven't made the case
that there's a direct payment from
Hunter Biden for any favors that went to
Joe Biden but we know he paid his
expenses and that's the way it works we
know that there doesn't that you know
there's not going to be a piece of paper
we know that what influence buying and
selling looks like it's all laid out but
Democrats don't know it don't know it
here's what would change everything I
don't know it'll happen but if you want
some optimism all it would take is to
draw this diagram into a better form and
then every time there's a story that
could be better understood by this
landscape you print it with a story and
then you highlight the parts that have
been activated for example some people
say I don't know if this is true but
some say the FBI is more influencing the
New York Times whereas the CIA is more
influencing the Washington
post I don't know if that's true but
wouldn't it be interesting to see a
story in the news where you could light
up these parts and show which ones were
involved so you could once you could
show the landscape and how different it
is on the Republican side you could
possibly for the first time uh release
some of the Democrats who in my opinion
are just victims I have to say that in
2016 when I started talking about
politic itics in public and you know it
would' be a big fight between one side
versus the other side and to me it just
felt like oh we just have different
opinions different opinions that's all
and we're fighting it out that's the way
it's supposed to work but once I learned
the entire landscape and I realized that
their opinions are assigned to them and
then they're solidified by this entire
this entire uh constellation of um let's
say people who are just slapping some
paint on the turd if you know what I
mean you know that once you understand
the whole landscape you understand that
they're not legitimate actors in a
legitimate process they're actually
victims and so I've started treating my
democ Democrat brainwashed critics with
uh sympathy and I just say I'm sorry
they did this to you because that's my
actual feeling I don't feel like they're
attacking me because they had some
independent well Arch thought and and
they've decided that attacking me will
help them in some way attacking me isn't
going to help anybody I actually don't
have any any incentives other than to
try to make things a little better
before I leave this weird little ball
they call the
earth I don't need your money you
know and and obviously I'm not doing it
for reputation because I've been the
most you know disgraced and malign
person in the United States probably
this year who who wasn't named Trump um
so I'm only doing it because my payoff
is if I make something better then I
feel good about
myself that's it so that makes me kind
of
dangerous anyway once you understand the
model and if you have a if we have a way
to communicate it so here here's the key
point it's not good enough that I
explained it to you that doesn't help
anybody it would only be good if this
could be oper
operationalized turned into a sort of a
standard way of explaining things so
that whenever Democrats come in and
they're they're victims they've been
brainwashed you could show them
something now the ideal form I'll just
brainwash I'll brainstorm a little bit
an ideal form would be some kind of a
graphic that's maybe not exactly this
but something in that nature where you
could click on any part of it to
validate that it belongs on here in
other words you could click on one of
these groups and you could say here's a
news story that shows you why they're
not legitimate here's a new story that
shows they get all their funding from
Democrats right so if you could do that
you know here's the the fact that Phil
bump is ever involved in the
story if you knew the landscape as soon
as you saw his name you say ah it's a
Phil bump situation as as soon as you
turned on the news and you saw any one
of these designated Liars you know shiff
swall well uh you know you can make the
list yourself there's some people that
the news calls in because they know it's
not true but they need people who are
willing to say literally anything in
order to get somebody on TV who will
support the narrative and that ladies
and gentlemen concludes my double white
for whiteboard
explanation of how everything works
now uh having now completed that
presentation I try to make a beginning
and end because I'm going to clip
it do would you let's double back to my
first claim all right my claim before I
started this was i' like to have at
least one thing brewing in my life that
could change the
world that could change the world
world if if Democrats learned what
happened to them and we're all almost
there we're almost to the point where
you could actually present them with the
full
uh the full Machinery of what put them
in the situation they're
in now some of them have been also
educated by the educa you know I should
have put the education system up here
College but college has turned into you
know one of the brainwashing
operations um so that probably belongs
up there as well but if you didn't know
that college is a brainwashing operation
maybe not intentionally it just sort of
evolved that way um you wouldn't really
know why you even have
opinions people actually don't know why
they have
opinions they think that they thought of
them
themselves that that's not how anything
Works people don't come up with their
own opinions they're assigned and
they're assigned based on what you have
access to on your own right if you had
access to your own
information maybe it' be hard to assign
it but we don't I I can tell you you
know you you tell me who you voted for
and I'll tell you what information you
have access to and you just won't even
let yourself look at the other stuff so
that's that's how we that's how our
opinions are
assigned the fact that we don't have a
way out we don't we don't look at other
stuff now this group again I I will
compliment you cuz I think it's
warranted the people who watch this kind
of content are not like any of the
people I talked about right you this
group is far more likely to identify BS
on their own side than other people and
identifying it on your own side is a
hard part identifying BS on the other
side well that's children's play that's
children's play everybody can tell the
other side side is lying the hard part
is knowing when your side is
lying right cuz they have the inside
they have the inside track on
influencing you so watch out for your
own side they're The Dangerous
Ones and and and let me say it a
different way if if Republicans were not
believing a whole bunch of
 in addition to things that are
true the Democrats could not suppress
them it's only because there's so many
Republicans who do believe that
they could be completely discounted
by the other side so is there anything
that's happening right
now that would change that
situation where Republicans seem to be
believing in a lot of
 what what would change
that and what would his name be yeah
you're ahead of me v v is not just
really good at what he does
like Trump he's changing the
narrative everybody who saw V talk about
climate change just went up a level in
their ability to explain their side am I
right if you were copying Trump and
saying it snowed yesterday so climate
change is a hoax you look like a
idiot I'm sorry you might even be right
but you would look like a idiot
if you repeated what Trump said about
climate change which I'm not saying
Trump's wrong about anything I'm saying
that the way he expresses it is in the
least scientific terms you could ever
have when he talks about
windmills he jokingly says you know if
the wind stops blowing you can't watch
TV and the crowd loves it don't repeat
that no no that's just something Trump
says don't repeat
that so but when when you watch V talk
every argument he uses is it's like
really close to perfect because he just
has the skill so if you copied V's
Arguments for
anything the Democrats would be
unarmed because their whole game is
making you look like a chimpanzee for
believing the most ridiculous
 and V doesn't buy that he
doesn't buy into that he actually uses
arguments that can be checked he uses
things we all understand and he doesn't
he doesn't give you he's he
doesn't support anything he can't defend
with a strong argument but that's not
the case for most Republicans
Republicans have consistently over time
had points of view that they didn't
defend even in a halfway rational way
really but he does so he can basically
fix your weakest part of the Republican
Party by at least showing you what a
good argument looks like and you just
follow his arguments and you will be
fine and the entire party will be fine
this is why I say that the candidates
who are running this time it's a whole
different thing they're they're actually
changing the world while they
run and you know maybe maybe Trump did a
little of that too but I've never seen
so much actual real world change at
least the way we think about things um
then I have from RFK Junior V and Larry
Elder I like to put him in the in the
mix too with his you know family
message very very positive
stuff so that's the positive part so
ladies and gentlemen I believe I have
talked about all the
news oh so here's here here's some more
of understanding U the big
picture does it make sense to you that
uh leadership are half
cavers how could you possibly explain
Biden
Harris I throw with the mentally
incompetence so there's something wrong
with Harris's brain would you agree
there's something wrong with her brain I
it looks it looks to me like substance
abuse but I can't say that with
certainty she doesn't look like the same
person who she used to be and she does
feel she does act and look completely
incompetent so it looks like
drugs but if it's organic she needs to
get some help because she's clearly not
functioning like an
adult right so I mean that's just my
point of view so I I'm not a brain not a
mind
reader but when you look at even even
McConnel you know it's not even just the
Democrats there's something going
on with the
we we've lost the brains of the leaders
went away and nothing really changed
that that tells you there's somebody
there's somebody behind the
screen CU if there were nobody behind
the screen the people who are just
regular Democrats would say who we
better put a better candidate
forward yeah so there there's some kind
of influence or operation that's going
on that's beyond just trying to conserve
the majority there's something deeply
wrong
here all
right amazingly YouTube did not glitch
as far as I can
tell did I miss any uh news stories that
you desperately wish wish I had talked
about
fedin um Obama well some say that the
power behind the screen is
Obama uh or Clinton but I would say that
they may be the same as the uh
intelligence groups so when I talk about
the CIA and maybe some parts of the FBI
and again you're not talking about every
person in those groups you know it's
always it's always people within the
group
um you can kind of see the whole
landscape at this
point yeah so Obama might be mixed up
with that crowd some
say some say OB
CIA well if you look at I think Biden
said um there were five current or
former heads of the CIA who signed the
laptop disinformation letter five former
or current members of the
CIA is there anything else you need to
know yeah and they backed completely the
Democrat narrative they did not back the
country it's clear that that was not for
the good of the country that was for the
good of the Democrats so were they
independently acting in a way that they
thought was just good for Democrats and
they were Democrats and that was the end
of the
story do you think that's the case or do
you think there might have been some
power that organized all of those
people hard to
say but I got my
suspicions
yeah
um and I guess
Jimmy Buffett passed away at
76 he was by the way one of my uh role
models for business when I when I
started uh doing the comic uh he was
killing it and he was selling out in all
his concerts despite not being more of a
name brand you know rock star kind of
guy and the way he did it was he he was
really good at
marketing he was super good at marketing
so he was my role model for marketing he
had a strong uh I guess he had a mailing
list and had sort of almost a cult
following yeah yeah they ate a lot of
cheeseburgers that's all we know about
him so uh here's another sign that your
news is not real news you ready for this
how many times have you heard that the
Ukrainian uh
prosecutor was really going after
barisma no he was that he was really not
doing his job and that there were
International groups that wanted him
removed so you've heard that like crazy
right has anybody asked this question
and I I thought I thought uh Phil bump
was going to get this question but Phil
bump makes the same argument it wasn't
just Joe Biden who wanted that guy fired
the Ukrainian prosecutor it wasn't just
him yeah Victor shoken it wasn't just
Biden it was these International
communities and then the throws his
hands away it goes here's the question
for him which entity media has
interviewed one of those people and
which one of them could say no to the
United
States which of the people who wanted
choke and gone individually could say no
to the United States and feel it
wouldn't have an impact on their
career any no the answer is this is one
of these so remember I showed you how
this is
done
so so you have you know bad people who
plant a
story and then once the story is planted
you have various fake organizations back
the story and then everybody can say hey
you don't have to believe me look at
these
organizations right do you recognize the
play all of those organizations they
mention that also wanted shok and gone
are just their own
surrogates and somehow both the left
media and the right leing media and the
right leing media has never looked into
that just think about
that nobody's ever looked into it have
any have any of those individuals who
agreed the shoken right Marcel first
time you're hearing this yeah nobody's
asked can we put one of those people who
agree with you Joe Biden who also
thought he should go can we talk to one
of them and could we learn a little bit
more about their background and how they
get their funding and what and what they
think their career looks like and and
maybe even what president they
backed were they Trump supporters now
they were in other
countries right now
who right now the fact the fact that no
no uh journalist looked into those other
entities shows you that the fix is
really deep I mean it must it must
include the right leaning media because
how would the right leaning media ignore
that it's the easiest thing just check
to find it if the other people who agree
are honest
players
now when I told you that when you see
the landscape it allows you to take all
of their Ops and map it to the parts and
then you instantly understand it see you
didn't understand right you didn't
understand that why did those other
people keep saying that they agreed with
Biden that that guy should go but now
you understand their play is always the
same they'll always get fake entities to
support their narrative and then say hey
it's not us I mean if it were just me I
mean sure I'm I'm a Democrat so you
can't believe me but but look at those
entities that I funded or
control you you saw how China seemed to
control the who during the
pandemic same play Same play don't
believe us hey hey uh I know you don't
believe us in China but but look at the
organization that I control so if you're
not going to believe me certainly you
could believe the organization I totally
Dominate and
control yeah once you see it it's
everywhere because it's the same play
all they do is they come up they change
the names and the players and then they
just put it back on the framework and it
works and repu Republicans don't have
this kind of system they just have
people who have ideas some of them are
wrong that's it people have ideas and
some of them are wrong it's the whole
story for the
Republicans
so that ladies and gentlemen concludes
the best live stream you've ever seen in
your life and when I tell you that
there's some
chance that it will change the
world I think you can see what I'm
talking about thanks for joining YouTube
I'm sorry you got glitched there but I
think you you got to see the good parts
and I will talk to you tomorrow