um yes it's the special Monday version
of the theme song for coffee Wisconsin
as luck would out of it
I am coffee with Scott Adams no I'm I'm
so tired
oh my god I'm tired as luck would have
it I'm Scott Adams sometimes I forget
Who I am for the first few hours of
every morning but I'm pretty sure that's
who I am at the moment and if you'd like
to join in for the ceremony I call the
simultaneous it it's probably something
you call it too
you don't leave much you don't need much
and you're probably ready because all
you need is a cup or a mug nerd glasses
find the chalice tankard a thermos of
laxatives canteen the festival of any
kind fill it with your favorite liquid I
like coffee and join me now for the
unparalleled pleasure the dopamine hit
of the day the thing that makes
everything better
the simultaneous Impa go good good stuff
so let's talk about all the exciting
things that happened at the g7 summit
and now we're done because there were no
exciting things that happened at the g7
summit oh there were gossipy little
stories about who talked to whom and who
who had what kind of attitude in blah
blah blah and the the Iranian Foreign
Minister made a surprise visit blah blah
nobody cared so the g7 was a big nothing
literally literally nothing happened
there's a fake news story today that
China is signaled on Monday meaning
today then it was now seeking a calm and
to his ongoing trade war with the US
they're seeking a calm and to the trade
war and so our stock market went up what
exactly does that mean they want to come
and to the trade war nothing doesn't
mean anything
who doesn't want an end to problems you
might as well not not even if asked the
Chinese should have go and say hey we
need a quote for our story say something
about the trade war
we wish we didn't have one great I'll
tell that story and our stock market
will zoom there's no actual news there
apparently the Chinese of the same
position they always had it means
absolutely nothing so here's my
prediction on the trade negotiations
with China
there will be no trade deal not today
not tomorrow not next week not by the
end of the Trump administration and not
by the end of you know a second term
specifically maybe not after that you
know you don't want to say never because
never is a long time but I don't think
that we're heading toward an agreement I
think we're heading toward a divestiture
meaning just separating our ways it'll
take a while until then we can just tear
off each other and rattle our sabers and
stuff like that so I say no trade
agreement with China is forthcoming and
here's the surprising part you might not
know the difference you may never know
the difference
there will certainly be individual
companies that are going to get hit hard
and nobody is happy about that very
unfair because companies build a
business around a certain set of
international assumptions and they
should be able to depend on that but
apparently in our world they cannot
depend on China to be a good player now
there's a bigger there's a bigger thing
happening here and I haven't talked
about this before yeah every now and
then I have a topic that I think well
this could totally end my career and
destroy my reputation forever but let's
do it I'm game if you are let's take
some risk so I told you I've been
reading this great book called American
Nations about the founding of this
country and some of the cultures and
influences during the colonial days and
earlier what what formed the country one
of the most striking things is how New
York City was formed I guess it was the
Dutch who were the primary settlers in
New York City originally and the Dutch
brought with them a let's say a business
philosophy if that's the best maybe a
business set of manners expectations I
don't know exactly what to call it but a
a belief system and a set of preferences
around how to do business and the
primary thing or things that they held
as important or that if you have money
I'll talk to you now that doesn't sound
like a big deal in 2019 does it if you
have money maybe we can do business
that just sounds like that's just what
businesses but you have to you have to
take yourself back in time all the way
to the you know the days when slavery
was common I mean if you can even wrap
your head around that this slavery was
common doing business with everybody
just because they had money even if they
were a different religion different
anything was a big big deal and it's
what allowed commerce to work now part
of that is trust so it's not good enough
to say yeah I'll do business with
anybody the anybody that you plan to do
business with has to trust that if you
give them money they'll give you a
product and that the product will be
roughly what it was they promised they
give you or else they'll make it good
so a certain set of sort of very 2019
customer-focused
ways of looking at things now I may be
over interpreting a little bit what
things were like back then but the basic
idea is that there were a set of
assumptions about trustworthiness about
you know transparency in your deals and
making sure that both sides got a good
deal and then dealing with everybody if
money was involved that's all we care
about we don't care about your religion
don't care about anything do you have
money yes or no so that was a super
powerful set of ideas that I would argue
as powered the United States for a few
hundred years and when somebody from the
United States comes into the room and
says I'd like to make a deal that person
from the United States no matter who
they are
brings with them the entire history of
the United States think about that if
you're an American and you go to another
country and you you want to make a
business deal you're not there alone you
are there with the entire history of the
United States as part of your brand when
you go in there and say I'm gonna be
good to you if you make a deal and
something goes wrong I'm gonna fix it
the person on the other side they're
gonna say you know if this wasn't some
crazy American saying that I wouldn't
believe that at all but I actually
believe that these crazy Americans they
understand that you know making the
customer happy is how business grows I
think I'm going to trust this this cat
I'm gonna make a deal so it's super
powerful that Americans who go to do
business overseas bring with them the
entire history of the United States
which is in many ways a continuation of
the the Dutch philosophy that the money
can be separated from all of your other
bigotry if I could put it that way
now take China China is in the midst of
let's say this long-term shift and brand
from communist to capitalist with a with
a dictatorship sort of situation I'm not
sure what you'd call China exactly
there's nothing quite like China and
they're developing their brand for which
every Chinese businessperson who wants
to leave the country and do a deal
is going to be taking with them so all
Chinese business people will be bringing
with them the brand of China and Chinese
history of doing business and if you
don't trust China
you're not going to trust that
individual business person who wants to
make a deal and at the moment China is
looking pretty dish what would you say
they're being discredited by their
actions in Hong Kong because Hong Kong
was a deal and it's a big deal it's one
of the most noticeable high level
everybody knows about it deals in the
history of all deals you know there have
been big deals in the world but the deal
in which the United the UK turned over a
Hong Kong and the terms with which they
turns it over to China is one of the
most notable agreements of all time now
the narrative at the moment and I'm not
close to the details but this would be
how the rest of the world sees it is
that China reneged on one of the most
high-profile deals of all time at the
same time as this is very bad timing for
them it appears that the reason that
they won't do a deal with America and
the following the following statement
I'm going to make I don't know if it's
true or accurate or leaves down too much
context but the way we see it the way
it's being presented to the US public
into I would imagine to European allies
as well if they're watching the news the
way it's being presented is that we
can't make a deal with China because
they won't agree to stop stealing our IP
intellectual property now I'm not saying
that accurately characterizes the
situation it might I mean that might be
exactly what's going on but whether or
not that's exactly true or I would
understand it differently if there were
more context on it what's important is
this is becoming China's brand so the
2019 China brand is if you buy our
huawei equip
we will spy in your country imagine
having that in your brand that your
brand is if you let our products into
your country your national security will
be lessened could what could be worse
for your brand at the same time they
make a huge international deal with Hong
Kong and apparently they're breaking it
right in front of the world they're
breaking the most high-profile deal
you've ever seen right in front of us
they just are breaking the deal yeah
changed your mind that way if they had a
better reason for it it would look
differently now you look at you saw a
president Trump broke our deal with Iran
but an objective person could look at
the Iranian deal and say why the hell'd
they make that deal in the first place
or they could look at TPP and saying
okay the president broke that deal well
why was that deal even in place it was
so flawed we saw the president broke the
at least got a nathie Paris Accords
climate change but again reasonable
people can say well it didn't make any
difference it just wasn't important that
the United States was in around because
we lowered our or lowered our output of
co2 other countries didn't and didn't
matter if we were in the agreement or
not so China is shaping up to be ruining
their prospects for competing properly
on the international stage so let's say
you are oh let's say Greenland I'll pick
a ridiculous example and no I don't
think that anything I say about
Greenland is likely to happen or
realistic just an example let's say
Greenland has it as an option of dealing
with the United States we're dealing
with China on some future business
whatever that business is who are they
going to trust well you shouldn't trust
anybody you know you should always put
yourself in the position where Trust is
not that necessary
if you can but you always have to have a
little and I would argue that the United
States is in a stronger position in
terms of the the Dutch model of we're
going to do what we say we're gonna do
and you can trust us to do a deal
China's not running in the opposite
direction and it looks very much like
China is creating a brand that you
wouldn't want to do business with and
they're gonna have to deal with the
consequences that all right so the news
that China signaled then it might want
to you know calm down the trade war
doesn't mean anything they don't show
any willingness to work with us and
therefore we should not work with them
we should not you saw the story that the
u.s. I guess was the customs people they
captured something like 23 tons of
fentanyl coming in through a Mexican
seaport but it came from China
that's right China sent in one shipment
China sent enough of fentanyl through
Mexico to end up in the United States to
kill half of the planet I think somebody
calculated that over five billion people
could die of an overdose from that
amount now some people have asked is
that an amount you would send for
recreational use is that amount of
tonnage what you would expect to see if
it was normal drug traffic enough to
kill five billion people or is that
weapons of mass destruction level
because just in quantity it looks like
massive
weapons of mass destruction I'm not
going to suggest any ideas for how to
weaponize that you they have their own
I'm sure so yeah we're they making any
suggestions how they might use that
should we see that as
just a drug problem because apparently
China's some official said hey United
States you should work on your demand
and lower your demand yeah we should
lower our demand of course that doesn't
you know understand that most of the
people who take fentanyl don't even know
they're taking it so it'd be hard to
reduce the demand for something that you
didn't know you were consuming in the
first place because the fentanyl gets
put in other pills that you think of
other drugs that's how people died from
overdoses they don't know that are
getting fentanyl in the first place if
they did that wouldn't take so much
presumably so I've got a real question
about what 23 tons of fentanyl shipped
into this country is intended to do is
it intended for political instability is
it intended as a trade negotiation
tactic is it a weapon of mass
destruction is it just a you know
destabilize the entire government
what heck is 23 tons of fentanyl for but
it all gets back to the same thing that
China because in its knowingly shipping
this in I say knowingly because the
government of China knows who makes the
fentanyl precursors they know who they
are we know over there we know their
actual names and probably their
addresses so China certainly knows it
and they could stop at anything they
want just go over there and close the
closed the factory arrest the people
they could do it any time so it's
intentional and this is not a country
that we can do business with so I'm
gonna I'm gonna take China out in the
place that it hurts the most
China is not a country you can trust for
business BAM China is not a country you
can trust for business that's way more
damaging to them than saying you can't
trust them militarily which everybody
already knew because nobody really
trusts anybody militarily that's that's
why you have the military if you could
trust people you wouldn't need a
military and
place but China is no longer a country
that other countries should trust to do
business they're shipping shipping 23
tons of fentanyl into a country that
should be their customer for legitimate
products if if you or IBM and you were
doing business with another company and
they were buying your IBM products and
then IBM said you know I think I'll just
send a few tons of fentanyl to the
employees of your company why I don't
maybe I don't like your employees would
you still do business with IBM if they
poisoned tens of thousands of the
employees of your company no you
wouldn't no you wouldn't if it would you
make a deal with IBM if IBM made a deal
and then just broke it no no you
wouldn't I think I've told you this
story before early in my career I was a
contract negotiator so it was actually
my job to negotiate contracts with
vendors for the the big bank I worked at
and I was in negotiating with IBM they
were gonna provide the big expensive
computers that we needed for our data
center and I was negotiating the deal
and they wouldn't negotiate I would say
okay here are the things we want in our
contract and IBM would look at me and
they'd say yeah we don't do any of that
and I'd say no we need these things
because what would happen if we buy your
product and it doesn't perform and the
IBM representatives looked at me and
they said if it doesn't perform we'd fix
it and I'd say no no I knew this in the
contract and they'd say no we don't do
that were IBM here's the deal if it
needs to be in a contract you should be
dealing with another company in other
words IBM was so dependable and had such
a track record of doing what ever it
took to make the customer happy they're
putting it in a contract would actually
lessen their credibility because why do
you have to write it down if you don't
trust IBM enough the
they'll go fix it don't do business with
them so what happened in the end
you know my boss allowed me to make the
deal without getting what I thought were
normal contract requirements and sure
enough something wasn't pretty wrong you
know we got the computers I don't
remember the exact problem but something
didn't work we didn't have the right mix
or something
what did IBM do whatever it took
whatever it took I don't remember
exactly but whatever people they had to
send they sent whatever money they
needed to spend they spent and they did
it right away they did it fast they did
it completely they never complained and
they never asked us for extra money and
they never said look at the contract
that's it would I recommend IBM to
another company hell yes hell yes this
happened what 25 years ago I would still
recommend IBM to anybody absolutely
because they brought with them the
history of IBM if if you were and there
were famous stories of IBM employees who
I think the story it became sort of a
legend so who knows it was even a real
story about some IBM employee who once
you know was trying to fix a customer's
problem and he worked overnight he was
so exhausted that you know he'd been up
for 24 hours so he just he couldn't fix
the problem but he he had to sleep and
so he went home and took a nap and he
was fired immediately
because he left the customer period no I
don't know if that story was even true
right you know those stories get
exaggerated but if you're dealing with a
country whose history has that story in
it that they're gonna fire their
employee who if he even takes a nap
while you still have a problem that's a
company you want to deal with right
China no I don't want their Huawei
products that might be spying on me I
don't want to make a deal with them if
they can't make a deal with with Hong
Kong no they can't keep a deal with Hong
Kong
and I absolutely don't want to do a
trade deal with them if they don't have
any interest in it something that looks
balanced so trying to shooting
themselves in the billion two billion
feet they have I guess all right let's
talk about something else so you know
New York Times got busted for cranking
up the hoax 5 so hashtag hoax 5 which
they got busted for was they actually
planned literally had a meeting to plan
that they would shape the news in the
coming year around racism and that they
would four stories into that narrative
and this of course was all to make
President Trump look weaker so that he
could be beaten in 2020 but have you
noticed that after a few the you know
they fired a few shots did some articles
but then it sort of got quiet on that
hoax five front did you notice that got
a little quiet and it makes me think
that it was just too embarrassing now
maybe they'll just you know they'll pull
back for a little bit and you know wait
a few months and then it'll come back
stronger than ever
it might have to depend on natural
events in the news that they can you
know they can jam into their narrative
and maybe there just weren't any natural
stories this past week but it really
looks to me like they pulled back on the
on hashtag hoax 5 I'd like to think that
giving it a hashtag hashtag hoax 5 it's
pretty it's kind of be kind of
devastating because the first thing you
have to ask is what were the other four
and once you hear the other four
everything from the Covington to Russia
collusion you know you name it to the
fine people hoax once you hear that that
they were all hoaxes hashtag hoax five
is pretty dismissive so that'll be fun
anyway so keep watching that because
it's possible that they're flailing for
some other hook because hashtag hooks
life didn't get them the the distance
that they hoped their uh I tweeted
around a couple of stories about
concrete houses so that company that
could 3d print a inexpensive little
shell of a home for probably people not
this country but maybe third world
countries they can now print a whole
village so they can just line them up
and print a bunch of them now these
homes are going to be limited right
they're not going to be the types of
homes that would get permitted and you
could live in the United States but
still exciting somebody sent me an
article that said Thomas Edison had a
weirdly similar idea so Thomas Edison
had invented if he could call it that
concrete homes that you could pour in a
short amount of time for a low cost
using the same molds so I guess you
would use the same framework or setup
and then he would pour the concrete in
and it would be the walls of your home
so even Thomas Edison was trying to do
this now here is my complaint with both
of those processes here's my complaint
to a Thomas Edison and this is my same
complaint with the 3d printed homes here
it is they're starting with the
technology if any of you who have worked
in any kind of a technology business
where you're you're inventing products
you don't start with the technology it's
great to say hey we have a technology
let's see all the things they can do
that's great I mean because that's more
brainstorming sort of things but they're
not starting with what do the people
need and then building from there until
you see that you're not going to find
this low end housing thing get fixed and
I haven't seen anybody even try that now
I'm curious about
Kanye's effort we talked about that
Kanye built on some of his own property
some concrete let's say igloo looking
but modern modern designs looking
for low-income people now I don't know
the process that they used but once
again it's a concrete structure and it
makes me wonder yes there was some I'm
concerned that whoever designed it
started with hey let's build domes
because I know one of the requirements
was reportedly who knows how accurate
this is but reportedly Kanye or his
designers wanted to make homes that you
couldn't tell were low-end homes in
other words if you were to look at him
you wouldn't know if a millionaire lived
there or a poor person and I like that
part I like that part but it's not the
critical part the critical part is how
much does it cost and how well does it
work to produce a good living situation
so my question I don't have any sense of
an answer for this is did Kanye's design
firm start with the requirements or did
they start with what they wanted to
build and then they don't and now
they're testing to see how it works you
need to start with the people you need
to you need to live with a small family
or several small families and you need
to write down what they do how often do
you walk to the refrigerator how often
do you need to find a broom how often do
you need to open a window just all the
stuff that they do and then you build
something around that set of functions
if you don't see that I don't even know
if anybody's trying it looks like
they're starting with solutions and
saying well I know how to build things
with wood
let's make houses Anna wood that's what
it looks like so there's a I'm gonna
tell you how to beat Elizabeth Warren or
how the president can beat Elizabeth
Warren in a moment but first I want to
mention somebody my startup went up
we've got some new features that are
worth mentioning one of them is so first
of all when hub is a mobile app it's a
free download it's called interface by
when hub is what you look for you just
look for interface
and it allows you to make an immediate
video call to get advice or expertise
from anybody on any topic so anybody can
sign up as an expert and anybody can
call them what we just added was a
feature that you can suggest a time so
before you had to either catch them when
they were online which was hard and then
we added a scheduling feature so that
people could say I'll be available
during these hours if you want to call
and that that helped but it didn't get
us all the way and now we just added a
feature where the caller can find that
somebody signed up they're not available
at the moment but they can suggest the
time which should vastly increase the
number of connections and then you you
can have a you can go back and forth
them the time until you find one that
works so that should make a big
difference and then the other thing we
did is we introduced the interface pro
so it's the same product meaning you can
do immediate video call with a with an
expert but it's for organizations so a
big organization you can contact us and
we will set it up so that you could have
in your webpage a variety of experts and
some would be scheduled some might be
live you know you it could be a variety
of available and not available and let's
say you were let's say you were an
organization in the government and you
were going to help explain to people how
to have to apply for government grants
and various programs for low-income
people if you were a low-income person
how would you find somebody to connect
you to ask a question how do I fill out
these forms to get a let's say a special
tax exemption loan some kind of a
government break you wouldn't know how
so but if you could see a button on a
webpage there's a little face there and
it said I'll help you figure out your
government programs for no cost because
our product allows you to say your own
price could be zero if you're the
government could be expensive if your
lawyer or doctor or something
so right now we
take all of those profiles and make any
anything they charge if there's a charge
that's optional go to the same
organizations checking account so you
could have lots of advisors but all of
the money would flow to the organization
so we can do that now you would just go
to one hub com you'll see links to ask
us how to sign up so some of the uses
for that would be people explaining how
to use the government services could it
be mentors for low-income people could
be mental health advisors could be
advisors on Senior Living could be
medical legal construction how to solve
a problem automotive I I needed somebody
the other day to help me fix a
dishwasher you know and sometimes you
can fix stuff easily now it turns out
all I had to do is power cycle it so if
I had found somebody on my app I didn't
I ended up paying somebody to come out
but if I found some of the in the app
they probably would have said crawl
under your sink find where your
dishwashers plugged in unplug it
wait a minute and plug it back in and it
would have worked because it turns out
that's all that's all it required would
have been nice if I could have just
contacted somebody I would have paid I
would have paid 50 bucks for that one
minute of advice as it was I paid a
hundred and ten dollars for somebody to
come in and unplug it for me yes I'm
that dumb so any big organization that
wants people to contact them can use
this product just contact us all right
and that somebody was saying on Twitter
that we need to do more for the
underemployed the people who are working
but they their wages are low it's not
good enough for a quality life and
somebody weighed in and said they they
need to increase their talents tax and I
I think that's true if you could just do
one thing to help the underemployed the
people who have jobs but they're just
not very good ones it would be I would
think to teach them the concept of
stacks meaning that they can add another
skill on top of what they already have
but there would be a kind of skill that
works well with the first skill and
generally people can add skills there
very few people who can't pick up a new
skill so if there were just one thing I
could teach people it's find another
talent that goes well with the ones you
already have add that you know do
whatever you need to do to learn that
new thing and you will become more
valuable let me tell you how to beat
Elizabeth Warren
so Elizabeth Warren is interesting and
I've complimented her a number of times
recently I know that makes some of you
uncomfortable because you don't always
say anything but about Democrats a lot
of you are Trump supporters on here but
I'm going to anyway because we're not
going to ignore reality the reality is
that Elizabeth Warren started out I
thought my opinion as a weak campaigner
meaning she just didn't have the
charisma of energy gravitas reason for
being I know there just wasn't there
wasn't any x-factor there whatsoever but
as we've all noticed she seems to be a
learning machine meaning that she didn't
get where she is by accident all right
she did not get born into her a good
situation being a senator being a lawyer
or going to Harvard she didn't get born
into it she worked for it she learned
and added to her talent stack all the
way and what I've observed over the last
several months is that her campaign game
went from in my opinion poor to a pretty
solid a - she's not an a she's not an
a-plus she's not Reagan she's not Trump
she's not Bill Clinton she's not Obama
but she's pretty darn good now and who
knows how much better she could get so I
would say that Joe Biden is going to I
think I think everybody agrees at this
point that even the Democrats don't
really want Joe Biden to be the nominee
but
how do you get rid of them so I think
that even the professionals are sort of
letting let's say nature take its course
I hate to say that with Joe Biden I
don't think anybody on the Democrat side
wants to sit him down and say you know
Joe somebody just has to tell you that
your time your time has come and gone
and the best thing you could do is make
room for whoever is going to be the
candidate so I don't know that anybody
can sit them down and tell them that
honestly that would be a hard
conversation for somebody in Joe Biden's
position so probably people are just
waiting for it to happen on its own
because it looks pretty certain that
it's gonna happen on its own nothing
would make the Democrats who actually
understand how stuff works
you know the advisors the top tough
campaign officials that sort of thing
nothing would make them less happy than
candidate Joe Biden I mean really that
that is a losing hand and they would
just they would just hate for that to
happen I'm pretty sure now I I want to
avoid being a mind-reader I'm making
this assumption based on the fact that
they can see what we can see sometimes
that's not the case as we've seen
sometimes we live in different worlds
but I think in this case you're seeing
some hints even from Democrats you know
pundits either you're seeing some hints
in their language that they don't trust
Biden to go all the way so I think and
then Bernie I think has a cap in his
popularity but Warren might not so
Warren I think is going to leapfrog to
the top of the position sometime before
the primaries open over so how do you
beat her here is my suggestion I already
you tell voters there are two situations
there are people who already have health
care so this is the current situation
there people have health care and they
like it and there are people who don't
what Elizabeth Warren is promising is
that everybody who has health care or
we'll be worse off in order that the
people who don't have health care will
be better off so that's why she's
promising you now does that seem like an
oversimplification because if you're
going to universal single-payer whatever
the the warn plan looks like the only
way you can get there is that the people
who are already happy with their health
care are gonna get a little less so that
the people who don't have anything get a
little more now you may say well that's
not necessarily true you might be right
and you might say well we don't know
that and you might be right or you might
say well it'd be a little different but
it's not gonna be that much different
maybe you have to wait a little longer
for an MRI won't be that much longer and
you might be right but does it feel true
on a conceptual level and in a practical
real-world level does it feel true that
everybody who has healthcare would be
worse off kind of does doesn't if so I
think I think that Trump could say and
you would be safe and saying it if you
already have health care and you like it
don't vote for Warren right because
ultimately people are selfish if you say
to me Scott do you think everybody in
the country should have health care I
say yes
yes they should everyone in this country
should have health care if you say to be
Scott in order for that to happen you'll
have to wait a month for your MRI should
you ever need one when it would really
be good if you could get that over with
and a day or two but if you're willing
to wait a month then everybody has more
resources and every we've all got care
but your weight goes from two days to a
month for some of your more important
services are you okay with that Scott to
which I say I sure would like everybody
to have health care unless
it's bad for me all right now I'm
talking as a general person you're not
just Scott it's hard to vote against
your own interest in it in a conspicuous
way people do it
people do knowingly vote in favor of
social services so that's that's the
thing it happens but if you break it
down to the simplest thing if you have
healthcare already and you like it
you're not gonna like it as much if
we're both if Warren is president now
does that first of all ring true it
doesn't matter it's precisely true
because I think it's you know I think
it's true in an honest sense in the
sense that anybody would say such a
thing is not a liar but you know it's a
complicated world things are not it not
that simple well as a generalization
it's pretty good if you already have
health care and you like it you're not
gonna like Elizabeth Warren being your
president because she's gonna change
that situation if you don't have health
care and you want to get it
president Trump gives you away which is
you know a good economy get a job maybe
they cover your health care maybe you
can afford it if you have a job so it
seems to me that you could simplify this
big old complicated health care thing
into that one question and that's a
that's a killer simplification one of
the most powerful things you can do for
persuasion is simplification and then
repetition the two things that this
president does better than anybody has
ever done you know at least from the
office of President nobody has ever
simplified and repeated better than
Trump make America great again
build the wall pocahontas all right
nobody ever ever has ever been close to
as good as this president is as
simplifying and then amplifying and
repeating nobody nobody's even close so
this is a sort of low-hanging fruit that
the big I would say it's the signature
policy of Warren if he told me he's got
what are all the reasons somebody would
prefer Elizabeth Warren over Trump well
first of all any of people always
complaining about the character stuff
and hey he's lying and he makes me feel
bad and he's you know or injure me and
bad so if he get out of the personality
stuff there aren't that many giant
issues that people really care about at
the moment
right even even climate change people
say they care about climate change I
don't really feel it I just don't feel
it in the general public and the entire
climate change energy is this thin film
of people who care about it a lot and
then there's 99% of the country who just
says yeah I'll take off my jacket if I
get warm is that your experience
I don't know anybody personally who
cares about climate change
oh sure if I asked if I asked everybody
know do you care about climate change
they say yes some of them would say they
care a lot some of them would say it's
their top issue how many of them act
like it's their top issue almost nobody
almost nobody climate change is a
television issue meaning that if you go
on television where you go in the media
it's a topic people like to talk about
somebody says it's a social lie in the
comments that's kind of true it's sort
of like telling people you are really
good at recycling oh yeah that's my top
issue because I love science I love
science
so my top issue is climate change and
and by the way I'm not even saying it
should or should not be your top issue
I'm not telling you it is or is not a
giant problem you know we've talked
about this too much
I can't tell because
it's an impenetrable area for me and
I've spent you know over a year trying
to penetrate it and I can't I can't tell
what's true so I have trouble getting I
have trouble making a priority they
worry about something that I just can't
even tell what's true and what isn't the
the fact that there's some vagueness to
it in my mind whether there's any
vagueness to reality is different but in
my mind there's some vagueness so I
can't really make this my thing because
it's too vague but health care everybody
knows what health care is everybody's
got an opinion
everybody's been sick everybody has a
loved one they want care the covered
everyone's had the experience of waiting
too long for some some kind of health
care right that's real you tell me that
Elizabeth Warren's gonna make my health
care and worse if I already have health
care I'm done I'm not gonna listen to
your I'm not gonna listen to your trade
negotiations that I don't understand I'm
not going to listen to your complaining
about the fed that I don't really
understand I mean I the general public
I'm not gonna listen to your climate
change stuff that I I'm scared about but
I don't really understand but I
understand my health care and I
understand that I like it
most people would say that don't mess
with all right so that's the kill shot
for Elizabeth Warren if you have health
care she's gonna make it worse boom done
and Emmett let's talk about Carla Harris
who's in my opinion sort of in the the
fourth position now the fourth position
for Democrats is really like third
position because I don't think Biden can
be taken seriously as the front-runner
as I mentioned before so it's sort of
Bernie Warren and Harris who I would say
are the the serious likely to be
nominated and you know I I was
predicting Harris would be the one a
year ago
but have you ever seen a worse
campaigner than Harris is that my
imagination I don't know if I've seen
anybody who's worse at this you know we
make fun of Beto or work all the time
for all of us you know dentist chair
stuff and his silly things and he lies
about they find people hoaxes just about
every day and he's just a big ol crazy
clown and everything even he is better
than calm lares he's terrible and he's
better than her have you read any calmly
Harris tweet that didn't sound like it
was generated by a I don't know a
drunken munkey
over you know I shouldn't use monkey
because that's people take that into
context
a drunken animal of any sort so
generalize my my animal treatment there
her tweets again
I'm not calling not calling calmly
Harris any of these names I'm saying
that her tweets look like almost not
even human being inspired it's like a
random word generator or something you
you know we talk about the X Factor some
people have the X Factor where you can't
look away President Trump has that but
Carla Harris has the anti X Factor which
is no matter what she does it's easy to
look away you can ignore her so easily I
don't know what's up with that I swear
she either has the worst advisors or
she's the worst candidate of all time I
mean she really should have just coasted
into the nomination in my opinion in my
opinion she could have just coasted into
the nomination just doing if she just
did a pretty good job if she just did a
solid b-plus she would be she'd be the
front-runner but she can't she can't
pull off a b-plus or a B or a b-minus if
I were to grade her campaign performance
so far c- tops
maybe a D but something like a you know
C or a D and E and remember I'm not I'm
not just insulting old Democrats because
they're there on the other side from
Trump because Elizabeth Warren is the
opposite she started as a you know B -
and she's already a - you don't want to
you don't want to turn your back on
somebody who pulled a B - up to an a -
in a few months
keep your eye on that one right that
shows a learning machine that's somebody
who can figure dent I've often thought
that if Elizabeth Warren and changed her
her I wear her glasses her votes her
support would go up 5% in the Democrat
polls let me say that again if Elizabeth
Warren updates her I wear just her
glasses her support will go up 5% on the
Democrat side somebody says and her hair
I don't know her Harrison I think her
hair is great her her current haircut
Elizabeth Warren's current haircut it's
a great haircut that's really strong I
would consider it modern and looks good
on her and she's yeah so she has granny
glasses so she has granny glasses but
the rest of her is not in the same age
zone because she's lean and fit and she
she does have a youthful you know
youthful persona otherwise other people
say they don't like her hair but I would
disagree with you I think her hair it
was really well done it's actually one
of her strong points I would say just an
opinion no help for the voice though yes
actually she could she could fix her
voice as well and and she would be in
the very short list of people who could
do that so
he said you know she's got a voice that
bothers you apparently I've taught you
another periscope how easily you can
adjust your voice with voice exercises
it's pretty easy given that campaigning
is essentially acting you know when
you're on the you're giving a speech or
you're in public and you're a campaigner
you're sort of acting you're putting on
a face a public face can Elizabeth
Warren adjust her act if you say no you
haven't been paying attention because
she's a learner she can definitely
analyze her weaknesses and then put in
systems in place to fix them because
you've watched you've watched her do it
and somebody's asked about her an
elephants for clothing it seems to me
that she's got sort of a uniform
wouldn't you say so she has Elizabeth
Warren tends to wear different things
underneath some kind of fashionable
light jacket so that it's the jacket
that gifts are a little bit of you know
professional look and then what she
wears under it was often just plain
black to me it works because it's sort
of a uniform it fits her well it's it's
not trying to be too much it's not too
feminine it's not too masculine I don't
say it's in fact I might go further and
say she might have a professional
advising her on that and doing it well
somebody says it's a horrible wardrobe
keep in mind that a politician of a
certain age is not going to look like
Melania all right so you know if you're
saying if you're imagining in your mind
hey Elizabeth Warren doesn't look as
good as Melania does that's not really
fair you know you have to adjust for age
you've got to adjust for what job she's
running for has to look a little bit
professional so there's sort of a
maximum of how good you can look if
you're running for president and you're
in you're above a certain age I think
she hits it
I think her
is pretty strong all right
she dresses plain but that's okay
because that lets you read into her what
you want she's sort of a her clothing
choice is neither distracting nor it's
not distracting either in the good or
bad direction and that might be exactly
where you want it to be so yeah she has
a little bit of a schoolteacher look so
she's not trying to be exciting but I
don't think that works against her all
right that's all I got for now I will
talk to you all later bye for now