hey everybody come on in
well KB 44 cave b44 it's your first
periscope
all right you lucky imagine your first
periscope being this one it's like you
won the lottery good to see you all all
my regulars and before we get going what
do we need you know what we need we need
the simultaneous hip and all you need
for that is a cup of Buckner glass to
thank your chels there's time the
canteen drinker flask of a vessel of any
kind fill it with your favorite liquid I
like coffee and join me down for the
unparalleled pleasure the dopamine the
end of the day the thing that makes
everything better
including the pandemic racism eat the
economy you name it it's called the
simultaneous eopns now go mm-hmm all key
indicators improving so a number of
people have contacted me in variety of
ways to say that my evening periscopes
had been very beneficial to them during
the pandemic and I appreciate that and I
wish I could keep doing that all the
time but having a morning thing and an
evening thing seven days a week is
really hard I don't know I don't know if
you realize how hard it is to do two
live streams today but here's my
suggestion I'm trying to get married one
of these days soon assuming we get all
the details worked out everything's
harder in coronavirus times but I won't
be able to add that to my schedule
anytime soon however I would give you
this advice have you experimented with
turning off the news for a day as any
and and not watching your Twitter for a
day
has anybody has anybody done that just
the experiment I've done that and it is
amazing how differently you feel because
the news and social media is literally
designed to make you get all wound up
and it does it really well does it so
well and if you just turn it off and
what I find is if I can turn it off like
5:00 p.m. I still have all the knowledge
I need but I don't get all the extra you
know worry and you just go outside for
example during the worst of the pandemic
and the economy's falling apart and
there's protests and if I look at my
screens the whole world is falling apart
everything I pick up it's like I pick up
my phone ah the world is falling apart
turn down the TV I look at Twitter ah
the world is falling apart
and then I would just go for a walk and
I'd walking outside and I look around
and I think there's really nothing
different for most of us for a lot of
people you know great disruption of
course we're not minimizing that but for
the the great majority of us things were
kinda normal in our little individual
lives it didn't change that much and I'm
not sure if any of that other stuff
that's you know brewing around the
country will make that much difference
yeah so here's some perspective the
coronavirus is not going to stop killing
people anytime soon
but the number of people kills is now so
small relative to the population of
Earth that it doesn't really award it
the same kind of worry I used to now you
should still do the you know the minimum
of you know medically advisable behavior
but it doesn't look like it's gonna be
the killer that changes the world you
know in in some permanent way it's
pretty obvious now that we'll get
through it so if you have any questions
you know will we get through it
I think that's answered the answer is
yeah we will will
some hospitals have impact probably will
people died who shouldn't have died if
we done things differently yes but
that's the decision that we've made and
I don't think it hurts the Independence
Day fell where it did do you think about
have you thought about the the
psychological importance the least of
the United States the fact that
independence day literally Independence
Day fell exactly where it did in the in
terms of our thinking about you know
being shut down and the coronavirus and
all that and I think you saw the outcome
at least young people just said well I'm
done I think the young people just said
I I don't believe here science probably
I should have gone to work the whole
time because I'm young my risk was low
the people just said well how about
independence now I don't know if that's
the right decision in the wrong decision
but it doesn't matter it actually
doesn't matter if if people going out
and exposing themselves is right or
wrong because it's going to happen you
know if there was some choice about
maybe people will go back to the Basques
and you know full protection but I don't
think there's any chance of that I think
it is what it is let's just deal with
what it is which is a lot of people will
die but not a lot of people compared to
all the people in the world and we live
in a risky world so of course if I'm the
one who dies I'll feel pretty bad about
it but nonetheless humans have chosen
freedom over safety we have explicitly
chosen freedom over safety at least
freedom over a complete safety complete
safety all right so just turn off the
news you'll feel fine believe me it
works really well also make sure that
you get exercise every day have you
experimented with this yet when the when
the pandemic was got kicked off or first
was getting kicked off one of the things
I told you is to give exercise every day
go for a walk at least
you know do something every day and I've
experiment - what happens what I don't
if I did you know if something happens
and events overtake me and I can't
exercise other day that I plan to
and then I test that I consciously say
okay today I did not exercise how do I
feel tonight and you could really tell
you can really tell I don't sleep well
my boot isn't the same it's completely
different so if you're feeling that your
mood is not good
and you didn't exercise today well you
have something to try that probably has
an 85 percent chance of improving your
mood
I have loving seeing the Kanye panic
that is being caused on the left because
people assume that if Kanye Rand is some
kind of a third party or independent he
would take more votes from the left and
the right and guaranteed Trump the
victory so it is funny to watch their
their their panic on that and at the
same time they don't want to go too hard
at Kanye but they don't want him in
there and I love the fact that we don't
know yet if he's serious you know how
serious is Kanye at or an even more to
the point does he need to be serious
because Kanye could just put the thought
out there and see what happens
and maybe decide to be serious if other
people are serious here's what I'm
expecting I think the next presidential
poll has to include him doesn't it do
you think Rasmussen can do a poll
without adding Kanye to it I think
they'll have to do it both ways for a
while but wouldn't you like to see on
day one how many votes Kanye would get
in a three-way race would you like to
see that I like to see it because I
think it puts Trump solidly on top so
essentially Kanye is the only one who
would get to decide who's president
let me say that again we live in a
Democratic Republic in theory
everybody's got one vote but you know we
get a representatives and the
representatives try to represent us as
representatives as well as possible
that's the system we think we're in
right that's the system you think you
rent but it's down to one person if
Kanye runs Trump as president it's again
if he doesn't run according to the polls
its Biden the entire democratic system
came down to one guy and all he had to
do was tweet Kanye West Row one tweet
and took over the country meaning that
he gets to pick the president if you
think you get to pick the president well
you're wrong but you don't yeah only
Kanye gets to pick the president if he
boughs out probably Biden if you stay
his head probably Trump it's just down
to one person now could anything be more
absurd and it gets funnier what is the
biggest issue with the news that's not
the pandemic the biggest issue in the
news is that we live in a white
supremacist Society that's right we live
in a white supremacist society in which
the only person who gets to decide who
our president is is Kanye West I'm not
making this up you know that what I just
said is absolutely true I mean
statistically anything can happen right
but as a basic fact Kanye West is the
only person who gets to vote this
 year I have not even another
happy about it are you I'm not sure
that's a worse system if you said to me
Scott there are two potential systems
one in which the voters can be massively
misinformed by the press and then
they'll take their massive
misinformation to the polls and then the
vote into what will be largely a
randomized process because nobody had
good information and then we'll add
Russian interference and Chinese
interference and vote rigging and we'll
give some kind of a completely non
credible result that half of the country
thinks they have to have a revolution in
order to overthrow it that's our current
system the current system is what I just
described a completely non credible
system in which people are brainwashed
for the wrong information don't believe
they are vote anyway and you get some
completely random ridiculous result
compare that system to let's let the
Kanye figure it out let Kanye decide can
you honestly tell me you'd get a better
result from the current system that's
saying how about we just try elect like
Kanye finger now I don't know which
one's better if you say you know which
one of those two systems gives you a
better outcome I think you're lying I
think you're lying you don't know that
now what would be a bad system is to
give one person complete power right
then you have a dictator
blah blah blah etc but if it just sort
of happened it just sort of accidentally
happened that the only person who gets
to make a decision is Kanye I don't know
that might be okay let me blow your mind
for a while all right here's the most
mind-blowing thought you've ever had
well I guess I oversold it take that
down to it's one of many mind-blowing
thoughts that you might have over the
course of your year it goes like this if
Kanye is serious let's say he stays of
the race here's my claim he will be the
first president we ever had that you
wouldn't doubt his motives right think
about it
we've never had a president where you
didn't doubt their motives in the entire
time now you might not doubt their vote
is sort of in general but rather you
doubt them on specific decisions like
well that feels a little friendly to the
big you know military industrial complex
or is that a little bit racist I can't
tell or did you just do that because
your base needs to hear it but you know
it's not true think about it we've never
had any kind of president who at least
the other team said well I think they
really mean what they're saying we've
never had that he would be the first
president who when he said something it
could be brilliant
it could be not brilliant but the one
thing you wouldn't doubt is did he mean
it is it is it exactly what he was
thinking yeah yeah it would be the first
time you ever had a president who you
wouldn't wonder if he was trying to do
the right thing you wouldn't even wonder
he would definitely be trying to do the
right thing why why the hell would he do
it otherwise right you know it wouldn't
make any sense so what would be in the
Kanye's best interest like even if you
said are you Scott you're being a little
too too generous here everybody's
selfish so Connie is a person he's a
human being so of course I'll have some
selfish motives to to which I ask you
what what would they be to make money no
to improve his reputation politics isn't
gonna do that
to what feed his ego it Kanye is exactly
who he's who you see right he has a he
has a big ego which he earned by doing
big things is that a problem doesn't
look like a problem so anyway he would
be interesting and if I had to guess I'd
say I know it's 50/50 whether he's
serious about this thing and I'm not
sure he's decided yet so we'll find out
here's a way to know if you are in a
bubble
I started the other day to make a list
of people I thought were independent
thinkers it was a pretty short list
people who you could depend on to look
at the information and just come up with
an independent opinion then it's not the
same as what the media is assigning to
people so there's only maybe I can think
of maybe 20 people you know some of them
are obvious right you know you could
pretty much depend on might sort of itch
to have an opinion that's a
well-thought-out opinion that doesn't
match anybody else's it did depend of
thought you could expect that of you
know maybe a Joe Rogan or Eric Weinstein
you can expect that uh yeah you can
think of a dozen people Michael Ballas
Matt Taibbi Tucker is a little I think
the people who work on TV news have a
little bit of a constraint on what they
could do so but Tucker would be a free
thinker within that environment yeah
yeah Duvall would be an obvious one that
gates surprisingly for someone who's a
professional politician back gates does
seem to be able to take opinions that
don't match up with his party's average
so I would say that yes all right so
yeah so you see a number of other names
are so here's how to tell if you're one
of those independent thinkers or if your
opinions have been assigned to you think
about who your favorite news source is
it could be the network or it could be
an individual so you could say you might
be saying you know it's Tucker or it's I
don't know Don Lemon whoever it is
now think about who your favorite news
sources and that ask yourself which of
your opinions disagree with that source
if the answer is none yes
Glenn Greenwald is another one Bill
Maher is another one god Phil there's
another one Greg Gutfeld
yeah yeah there's what's funny is that
you all come up with
names like I didn't have to see that
list the list would look the same if you
would just made it yourself Rand Paul I
like ya
okay I'll say Rand Paul yeah I think we
could add into the list as a independent
thinker it's hard if your job is senator
you know there's a limit to how much
independence you can have as a senator
you you doubt you definitely have to be
in the team but he's more independent
than other people yes all right
so ask yourself that question and in the
comments tell me in the comments if you
just did that exercises you had did you
just discover that you're a-peein that
your opinions are exactly the ones that
are being assigned to you yeah you
logged musk would be another one yep so
let's give an update on the statue chess
so the president weighed in about this
Frederick Douglass statue of he's an
abolitionist was ripped from its base in
Rochester New York and dumped over a
fence or something now nobody saw it
done now do you think if somebody took
down an abolitionist the statue and
there's no video of it happening and
nobody took credit does that sound like
the protesters did that or doesn't sound
like a revenge I'm pretty sure that's a
revenge statue situation that just
sounds like somebody on the other side
who said well you know if we're playing
chess with statues I'm gonna take one of
your pieces now I watch this with
amusement because I'm not very invested
in statues so Louie let me explain that
if you make a statue and somebody rips
it down I can see why you'd be banned I
can see maybe why the other persons
would be bad at whatever your statues
stood for what I don't really care I
want
I suppose I guess I want to care just
cuz this is the news but I can't think
of anything less important think about
the fact that
let's say your parents and grandparents
grew up with problems like world war two
now that's a problem how about you how
about you know women you can't vote
that's a problem
how about slavery that's a problem how
about the Great Depression that's a
problem these are big problems fast
forward to today
hey somebody ruined a statue the my team
likes well will ruin your statue that's
it have we become such ridiculous
whiners that we think the world is
ending because we're having a chess game
with statues do you know how many
statues I care about none none there's
not a single statue I care about well
I'll make an exception for let's say the
Lincoln monument you know the the ones
there that are actually so famous you
know that now Rushmore you know those
are those are special cases but just a
statue a statue at a park that I never
heard of if you're getting worked up
over statues I think you're missing the
bigger picture that if all this
happening is our statues are coming down
that doesn't feel like a big problem now
I understand the argument let me make
the argument for you it's part of a
larger Marxist plan to first remove
there are symbolism - you know carve
away at our national identity carve away
at this psychology of patriotism until
it's a softened up environment to make
their big push to turn us into our
Marxist country maybe maybe I don't know
how many of the protesters have that
thought process and let me ask you this
if we had something like a news
organization would you not see on the
news what are these Marxists being
interviewed now they might lie and say
oh no that's not our plan we just don't
like these statues but shouldn't you
have somebody out there that you at
least believe
has that view so they could be
interviewed let me ask you this if you
believe that the whole statue thing is
part of the larger Marxist revolution
ask yourself why the news that you watch
doesn't have any representative of that
opinion of their show I'm gonna take
this opinion until until facts change
right so I'll give you a temporary
opinion it goes like this
if you don't see an interview of
somebody who has that opinion on any
network there's no network that has some
of the outside okay you know what you
really want to do is introduce Marxism
can you explain that you know tell us
why you want that etc where's that
person really you can't find one person
you should assume this is not true or
that your news your news business is no
longer in the news business and they
don't want to show it to you because if
it were true at least FoxNews would be
interviewing that person right at the
very least you'd see the right leading
you know publications and have sit-down
interviews with somebody who just tries
to tell you why you know their view of
the future of the country is the right
one you don't see that which makes me
believe that the whole Marxist story is
just complete hallucination now what
would it take to change my mind here's a
good question you should ask yourself
all the time
ask yourself this this is my opinion
whatever the topic what would it take to
change my mind here's what it would take
for me it would take an interview with
somebody who represents that opinion and
I could be convinced that they represent
other people's opinion because they say
they're part of a larger group or
something now if you say you've seen it
it's clearly not something that's well
represented they don't label them
looks like Scott needs to find that
interview himself something says I don't
think the person exists likewise what it
was last time you saw a white
supremacist interviewed anywhere the
reason is because they sort of don't
exist there now of course the word white
supremacist has now morphed into a whole
different beating but in terms of the
old tide but people who thought that
everybody in their group was superior to
everybody in some other group that just
doesn't exist anymore because it's just
too obvious that the very variety among
people is so great that even if you
could find statistically you know
averages that hold up when you do the
math it wouldn't tell you anything about
an individual there's there's too much
individual variation so the old
supremacist just sort of don't exist if
they do they're just toothless people
who haven't seen the news in 20 years
all right I should not make fun of the
toothless so Trump tweeted today I have
to read the tweet he said has Bubba
Wallace apologized to all those great
NASCAR drivers and officials who came to
his a hit stood by his side and were
willing to sacrifice everything for him
only to find out that the whole thing
was just another hoax that and flag
decision has caused lowest ratings ever
now the first question is what was the
flag decision he's talking about because
people are interpreting it to be the
decision to get rid of the confederate
flag on race cars but there was also a
decision to allow people to deal for the
national anthem so we don't know which
one he's talking about we'll see if he
clarifies that if he's talking about the
confederate flag that he's obviously
decided not to be president but we'll
see if he clarifies that if he's talking
about the regular flag then that's just
him talking the way he talks but the
second question is asking Bubba to
apologize for something we know wasn't
his fault because we know he'd never saw
it he was told by somebody he trusted
the president of meth
all right told the bill happened he
believes a very credible source and then
he acted upon it and then when he found
that it wasn't real he he said he
released a statement that I praised as
being really well-written which said
well I'd rather look silly than to have
this be real thanks for all the support
isn't a great wall for all the support
one of the best recovery your response
statements by a celebrity I've ever seen
it really was one of the the model
responses to somebody who messed up was
it really his fault so he acknowledges
he looks silly says glad it wasn't the
bad thing thanks everybody for having
the right intentions and supporting me I
don't think it could have been better
really so the president reading the rube
wrong or is he reading the room
correctly makes a statement in which he
basically wrongly accuses a black man in
public now if you could ever read the
room more wrong than that I would say
that accusing a black man of a crime he
did not commit because like I said he
was just acting out information that
came from somebody else and the way he
acted was completely appropriate with
the information he had as it came to him
so there wasn't anything he did that he
needs to apologize for in my opinion so
falsely blaming a black man in public
today I don't know if your instincts
could be much worse than that
now I can see why it you know riles up
the base you'd like to think it's not
because of racism but rather you know he
just represents somebody on the other
side but I don't know this just looked
like such an own-goal that you got to
turn the this one turns the the
slaughter meter back I think that turns
it back to zero of course the the cardi
a thing is the only thing that matters
so it doesn't matter what Trump does at
this point and it doesn't matter what
Biden does probably
doesn't matter they're probably only
matters what Katya does from this point
on does Kanye gets to pick the president
Formula One drivers who are different
from NASCAR if you don't follow the
sport Formula one dryer drivers in a
separate story some of them are standing
and some of them are dealing I guess for
there was a race yesterday or something
and a few of them don't want to wear
black lives matter shirts but they
instead wore a black shirt this has a
head racism they didn't want to deal at
they must have been during the
nationalism but they were willing to
stand there with their shirts so now
we're getting some nuance for people I
don't think that's gonna go well
eventually those people have to fight
against so the two biggest news stories
in the country I think you'd agree or
the coronavirus and race relations what
do you agree I mean the economy is
always a story but that's sort of a
permanent always story but in terms of
really the most current of events it
would be coronavirus and race relations
your news sources do not report useful
data on either of those stories
the two biggest stories and your new
sources don't even try to report useful
data let me tell you all would be useful
data the death count every day from the
coronavirus instead they show us the
infections that was very obvious that if
they show you the infections instead of
the death count and you know you can't
deny that it's intentional at this point
both on the left on the right either
that will show you the useful data sorry
we're gonna have to go blow my nose
pretty soon let me see if I get this
quickly for the coronavirus if they
don't show you the death count they're
just giving you propaganda and
manipulation because that's an important
number you need to know it and they're
not telling you it's very obvious it's
intentional secondly for race relations
if they really wanted to give us data
instead of just war Eiling us up they
would show us all the death counts
over time and compared to things they
would show you how many cops are killing
black people white people different
different colors they would show it over
time they would show up by city maybe
state maybe show you by whether it's a
Democrat mayor or a Republican mayor
that would be useful right because you
want to know if a Democrat or a
Republican approach makes a difference
you would also need to see the number of
people were just murdered how many black
people kill black people this this week
and over time how many white people kill
black people have any black people kill
white people if you're not seeing that
you're just seeing propaganda when you
agree it's just propaganda if you don't
see the basic death counts and you're
being just a fan of story alright I need
to go oh then I guess over on Fox News
they're turning against Trump as well so
there's a opinion piece written by
Edmond de Marsh I've never seen him
before but he's on Fox News at least a
opinion piece of their website and he
said that this is his interpretation of
Trump so on a Fox News site this opinion
exists
Trump has praised the quote beautiful
heritage of the Confederacy did that
happen
did you ever see Trump praised the quote
beautiful heritage of the Confederacy no
no that never happened he praised our
beautiful heritage and the Confederacy
and all manner of bad things and all
manner of good things are part of our
heritage but no he never praised the
beautiful heritage of the Confederacy
and this is on Fox News which means
they've turned against them at least to
some point and then it also calls out
that he called the protesters quote
thugs now that's called out to call him
a racist by implication and that's not
the Fox News so even Fox News is running
an anti Trump piece all right that's all
I got for now I've got to go take care
of some stuff and I will talk to you
later