buh buh buh buh buh buh buh buh-buh-buh
hey everybody come on in here it's
another beautiful morning and it's time
it's time for the simultaneous sent yes
coffee with Scott Adams begins now but
the real fun begins after the sip and
all you need for that is well a copper
of our glasses snifter stein cellist
actor thermos flasks empty and Grail
goblet a vessel of any kind fill it with
your favorite liquid I like coffee and
join me now for the unparalleled
pleasure this the dopamine here the day
the thing that makes everything better
simultaneous up here it comes
go mm-hmm oh yeah that just that just
unleashes the tiger with it and doesn't
it Wow alright just like that alright
let's talk about some stuff so in the
category of perfectly predictable let me
tell you the most perfectly predictable
thing in the world Mike Bloomberg is
being accused of various frat like let's
say male behavior what's the best way to
say it
sort of a me-too ish kind of a situation
over the course of his career
now do we think those things are true or
do we think those things are false well
no way to know but it's certainly
predictable that we were going to hear
of some right do you think there was any
chance that a billionaire at that age
did not have some vetoing in his
background any chance at all no not
really there was no chance like he had
nothing
so so how bad is it how true is it are
the individual accusations true I have
no idea but we knew that there would be
accusations the what let me tell you
what's what he's accused of
he's accused of among other things one
of the accusations that specific is that
there was a woman who worked for
Bloomberg who I guess got pregnant and
then she alleges that Bloomberg says
kill it and then she said what and that
he repeated kill it
meaning abort the baby now do you think
that really happened I'm gonna I'm gonna
say if I had to bat you know gun to head
Scott you have to put a bed down did
Mike Bloomberg ever say to a pregnant
woman you have to kill your Venus I'm
gonna say now all right now there may
have been some conversation about the
pros and cons of of terminating a
pregnancy that could have happened may
be possible but do you think he actually
said that I mean really I'm not
defending Mike Bloomberg I have no idea
what he has done or what he's not done
but just on the surface of it does that
pass the sniff test it does not which
doesn't mean it's false because we can't
tell but if you're gonna ask me what
sounds credible on the surface on the
surface it doesn't even sound a little
bit credible here's some other quotes
which have been attributed to Mike
Bloomberg which I think you have to take
with a grain of skepticism here's one
he's allegedly said I'd like to do that
piece of meat speaking of some
attractive woman apparently quote I'd
like to do that piece of meat
do you think the Bloomberg or indeed any
man with an education ever said the
sentence I'd like to do that piece of
meat maybe a baby you know certainly and
then the second one that he's accused of
is that he said to somebody I would do
you in a second
and it sounds like it sounds like that
was a witticism based on whatever was
happening in the conversation as opposed
to just an of left field now do I
believe that Mike Bloomberg or any other
male who has been in business for many
decades would have ever said to a female
colleague in a listen it looks like this
was probably a joking situation well we
don't know the context as any man ever
said to a female colleague I do you in a
second yeah yeah that's probably
happened about a billion times not
defending it and I'm not giving you an
opinion now saying it's good or bad I
can imagine situations in which the
people know each other really well have
a history of joking exactly in this way
in which the woman would just laugh
because it might be you know part of a
million things they've said to each
other each of them just as bad in the
real world women say things just as bad
as men by the way you knew that right
you know that the women say things that
are just as bad as the man right so is
it is it possible that Mike Bloomberg
could be in the situation in which
everybody both the men and the women
were saying things that would be deeply
inappropriate by 2019 standards but in
1970 whatever didn't seem that different
because everybody was doing it men and
women could he have said I do you in a
second as part of a joke with people he
knew well who knows we have no way of
saying but certainly you'd have to look
at the context and
did he have some reason to think that
the people there would just think it was
a joke and wouldn't mean anything you
don't know but it was very predictable
that he would get me to and I would
imagine that takes them out wouldn't you
you you can't imagine a Republican
getting me to let's say president Trump
and surviving but you can't really
imagine a Democrat surviving through the
primaries with a big little me to thing
hanging over him
I would also expect that if Tom Steyer
ever got some got more attraction you
know in those words if his poll numbers
went up you would almost certainly see
accusations against him I'm not saying
that they would be true but don't you
think Tom Styer because he's a he's old
enough he's been in business a long time
don't you think there'd be some
accusations against him again I'm not
saying he's done anything and I'm not
saying any accusations would be true but
wouldn't you expect them you should
expect them all right did you see the
video of Adam Schiff doing a town hall
so he was doing a town hall I think the
topic was on Armenian Genocide I believe
that was the topic but there were some
Trump supporters who went there and
started shouting liar and treason liar
and caused a big a big ruckus and they
were they were shown the door
and I thought to myself that's 2020
right let me ask you this Adams chef
lied about what was in the secret
information that he saw and devid
newness and some other people saw before
we did and he stood in front of the
world
he wrote a memo on it and then he
repeated it and he lied to the world
about all the things that we now know he
lied about he knew he was lying he knew
that the impact of that light could be
too Oh
overthrow it illegally elected president
he knew the stakes he knew what he was
doing and he knew he was lying
because he couldn't have not known
everybody looked at the same document so
I'm trying to think if anybody in my
lifetime I think technically I was alive
of maybe a baby during McCarthy what was
McCarthy look the McCarthy hearings late
50s I forget but I don't know that any
politician has ever done anything worse
to the country than what Adam Schiff has
done
can you oh he was 1954 okay that was
before I was born
can you think of an example this is an
honest question on his question who in
let's say my lifetimes were yours who
who exactly has done something worse to
the country as a politician than Adam
Schiff can you make some suggestions so
we're not going to count McCarthy
because he was before my lifetime
somebody says Bush if he count the
weapons of mass destruction in the Iraq
war you would be right
you would be right I don't know if Bush
lied about WMDs that's not clear that he
may have been just wanting to see what
he saw but you there's no doubt there's
no doubt it was a mistake the Iraq war
and the WMDs we know that now but it
might have been just a mistake we don't
know if Bush was actually lying Ollie
north not really Obama weaponizing the
FBI NSA and CIA that's pretty bad yeah
that was pretty bad all right well I
guess we had quite a few suggestions
here all right but I would imagine that
Adam Schiff will never again and I mean
never again as in now even once I doubt
he'll ever be able to speak in a public
event
where there won't be Patriots there
shouting him down and calling the liar
and accusing him of treason because you
know we we live in a country where that
sort of thing happens and I can't think
of a better reason for that to happen
so I would imagine that will happen
everywhere that he goes from there one I
think 2020 is gonna be lit as I said
Rudy Giuliani is making news again
apparently he has documents he has
documents that are gonna prove one thing
or another I'm not gonna really talk
about in detail what Rudy claims he has
because it's too vague at this point
does he really have something does Rudy
really have the goods does he have
documents that prove people lied and
there's some bad action going on there
maybe maybe I don't know but do you
think that Rudy would have done what he
did which is go over there and everybody
in the world was saying rody what are
you doing
even the president's supporters were
saying Rudy Rudy maybe it's time to calm
down Rudy I know you're trying to help
Rudy but maybe a little less help would
be good right now you know so even
though even the people who support the
President and certainly the people who
don't I think everybody was saying Rudy
Rudy maybe you stop doing that ukrane
investigating down maybe now's the time
maybe now this would be a good time to
stop but he keeps going why why would
somebody as smart and this experienced
as Rudy Giuliani keep doing something
that literally everyone in the world
told them to stop doing I can only think
of one reason well two reasons if you
imagine he's crazy you know if you think
he's if you think he's mentally
incompetent or crazy or something that
would be a reason but I don't see that I
mean what I listen to him talk he
doesn't look crazy to me so the only
explanation that maybe is not the only
one but the one that makes the most
is that he knows more than we do
now he knows more than we do so that's
something to keep an eye on maybe not
maybe not we'll find out but the best
explanation for why he's doing something
that everybody says he shouldn't do is
say he knows more than us so he knows
there's something there or could be
there all right well if I know James
Comey admitted in an interview with Mike
Wallace that there were mistakes made by
the FBI and there were terrible mistakes
and he feels really bad about it I guess
that was the best play for Comey because
he could no longer say there were no
mistakes and he couldn't not take
responsibility because he was the boss
so I think he had to do this so in terms
of Comey his strategy you probably made
a lot of sense to finally just say okay
there were a bunch of mistakes because
that's the least bad thing we could say
about him if he if he if he goes right
at it and he says hey it was just a
bunch of mistakes our process wasn't
good then it doesn't sound so bad as a
coup attempt now I don't have any reason
to believe that Comey was personally
involved in a coup attempt but it's
certainly smart for him to get out front
and frame it as a bunch of mistakes and
incompetence and let me let me just stop
and every once awhile you get into the
details and you lose sight of the bigger
picture I want you to back up for a
moment just for a laugh and look at the
bigger picture have you noticed the
people that go after the president don't
have good outcomes I don't know what
could possibly amuse me more than James
Comey who has been one of the biggest
critics of the president having to
defend himself from accusations of
treason and his best defense is gross
incompetence on his part
how do you not enjoy that President
Trump has been you know demonizing this
guy forever turns out there are good
reasons for that
and now commis best play to not look
like he was evolved with with a to make
him look like he's not involved with
something that would be the death
penalty I think treason his best defense
is that he personally is massively
incompetent and did a terrible job if
you ever get a chance to destroy your
enemies the phase that you will enjoy
the most is where they're defending
themselves by trying to convince you
that they're not really evil they're
just really really bad at their job
you're like well you have to enjoy that
you have to enjoy that but we are still
still grappling with the question of
whether the mistakes quote-unquote were
intentional were they a part of a
organized conspiracy were they
individuals acting within the realm of
their own bias I think that we you still
have two hypotheses that fit the
evidence so the evidence so based on
what we know so far before Durham tells
us more
obviously Durham knows more because he
disagreed with Horowitz but we don't
know why so at the moment the evidence
this that's available to us would
support the hypothesis that there was an
organized conspiracy but it also fits
the evidence the evidence also fits
there was just a bunch of people with
Trump derangement syndrome who maybe
couldn't yet really see that what they
were doing was so bad at the time in
retrospect as they look back on it with
some you know with some distance they
probably look back on their own actions
it's just guessing you know I don't have
no idea
what they're thinking but it probably
looks worse to them now that it did when
they were doing it because it's not that
unusual for people in a big organization
to cut corners it's not unusual to act
on bias but it it's different if you
think you're trying to do the right
thing versus trying to do the wrong
thing if they were trying to overthrow
the government and it was just because
they preferred their candidate when it's
just because they wanted to keep their
jobs or any of those things well that's
pretty pretty evil but it could have
been the other thing if somebody says
naive naive naive all right I'm gonna
block you for saying naive three times
that's one of my red lines you can I
remind you that you can always say you
can always say what's what you disagree
with but just saying you're naive Scott
will get you blocked as you just saw and
keep in mind I don't know that naivety
explains the fact that I'm saying that
there are two hypotheses that both fit
the evidence that's just a fact right
now it's perfectly fair for you to say
one of those is way more likely in my
opinion for all these reasons that's
fair but it's also fair that they both
hypotheses fit the evidence even if you
prefer one strongly all right so we'll
find out from Durham you know when I one
of the one of the things about this
whole Trump collusion Comey FBI this
this whole story is there's complicated
and it takes a long time to to grasp
enough of the different moving parts
they can start to see it as a whole and
I would say I'm only just getting there
I'm only just getting there and when you
see it as a whole and let's say the way
that Bill Barr explains it if you
bill bars explanation of where we're at
it's really really bad is way it's way
worse then I assumed would be the case
for most of the time we've been talking
about this so my my current opinion you
know as I've been moving between is it
just biased people acting biased or is
it some mass conspiracy where people
really do have to go to jail forever
that needle is moving closer to this
looks like something where people have
to go to jail forever now we're still
waiting for the involvement or nod of
Brennan and clapper to me I think if
there's a grand conspiracy those guys
are probably part of it but if Durham
looks around he says no there's nothing
going on it's just a bunch of people
acting biased but you know some of them
might have to go to jail because they
were so biased and they did something so
bad but that wouldn't look the same as
an organized conspiracy if it's
organized there's gonna be a leader so
we'll we'll see if Durham knows who that
is alright um Larry Charles who you
might know as the director of Borat you
might know him as one of the early
creative people and writers on the
Seinfeld show and you might also know
him as my co-executive director on the
short-lived Dilbert animated TV show so
I know Larry one of the greatest guys in
the world in person you know politics
aside Larry Charles is just one of the
most beloved people you'll ever meet
and I would concur with that awesome guy
he's been saying some provocative things
politically and one of them is he
predicted that there'd be a riot
if Trump is removed from office all
right and he
whew zippy she doesn't leave I guess
yeah
I thought to myself but that's true if
if Trump gets impeached by the house and
then the Senate no matter what the
so-called trial looks like if the Senate
votes to say all right it's just a bunch
of BS we dismiss this I think there
could be riots because anti file is just
looking for reasons to Rio right so I
think that's fair to assume that no
matter which way it goes it would be
riots now if Trump is impeached but the
Senate decides not to remove him from
office yes I think there will be riots
antiphon would be riding let's let's go
the other way let's say there is
impeachment and then the Senate
surprisingly removed decided to remove
Trump from office now they'd have to
have some new information because
there's nothing at the moment that
suggests they would do that but suppose
they did would there be riots there
might be there there might be and when I
was talking about the Adam Schiff stuff
where the Trump supporters were we're
disrupting his public appearance I was
asking myself what would it look like if
Trump supporters ever got mad because
that hasn't happened right I mean Trump
supporters you know complain about this
or that and they complain about snow
snow flakes and social justice warriors
and blah blah blah you know so it's not
that everybody isn't complaining all the
time but Matt is different being
actually mad you know not just
politically mad not yelling at your at
your television Matt but actually Matt
mad as an a citizen mad what would
happen we haven't seen it right I think
I think the bar would be pretty high for
Trump supporters to start violating the
law at any
a sort of the way anti-fun does I think
the bar would be very high because
transporters are typically not inclined
to go out and create violence over
politics it's just not something that's
natural to them but there's some point
that it could happen all right but I
don't predict it have you noticed that
black lives matter disappeared what
happened to black lives matter
why were they such a big thing around
the time of the election and the
inauguration and what was the last time
you heard of black lives matter now keep
in mind black lives matter it wasn't in
one city they were you know they were
national they were in a lot of big
places what why did they disappear does
anybody have a theory for why they
disappeared yes the funding stopped the
funding stopped now was black lives
matter funded by American entities or
foreign entities foreign entities yeah
so I can't prove that but I have enough
good authority look let's just say that
I talked to somebody who believes he
knows the answer to that question and
said with complete certainty that it was
funded by foreign foreign money so how
would you like to be don't you after
President Trump for allegedly you know
trying to influence the election using
another country Ukraine or Russia or
whatever how would you like to be making
that argument while at the same time one
of your biggest protest groups is funded
by a foreign entity right so I am
feeling that funding for black lives
matter disappeared because it would be
politically inconvenient to be fun day
something that's affecting the elections
like that all right
see what else we got
so this is fun I said yesterday on
periscope that it would be fun to
interview John McAfee founder of McAfee
Antivirus stuff who is I think he's
wanted by the he's wanted in the United
States and for something a hundred or
what and so he's living in another
country but he's running for president
in the United States which would be
difficult since he can't enter the
United States but he's one of the most
interesting people in the world and I
asked people if they'd like to see me
interview them it took all of one day
for user Mitch Broderick who might be on
this periscope right now I Mitch to
tweet at McAfee and ask him if he'd be
in my periscope and then McAfee
respondent with the email address to
schedule it so I just emailed him this
morning I emailed the address to see if
I can schedule him sooo we might see
that that would be fun
I think McAfee is on my very short list
of people that I really want to talk to
because because I can't imagine it would
be boring somebody tweeted today that I
Scott Adams I'm a British globalist paid
troll
so there's actually somebody who is
smart enough to write sentences and use
Twitter who has been watching me and is
determined from Washington that I'm a a
British globalist paid troll good tank
good take okay here's the funniest
comment from Chuck Schumer he was
talking about what rules the Senate
would have for the impeachment trial
should it come to that and Chuck Schumer
wants it to be a real trial with
real witnesses with one exception he
says that hunter Biden shouldn't testify
because it would turn the process into a
circus oh my do you think there's any
chance in the world that if the Senate
has a process that allows both sides to
have witnesses do you think there's any
chance that hunter Biden won't be called
to be a witness Oh hunter Biden is gonna
be called to be a witness
so is Adam Schiff so Wow I I could not
be more entertained by any of this but
it seems like I think we know which
direction is gonna you know I don't know
if the Senate will ultimately have I
mean it's kind of a tough call if they
have witnesses they might do a better
job of showing you how bad the other
side is but the other side will have
their witnesses too and maybe something
will come up that didn't have to come up
and it could be bad for the president so
if I were the president's lawyer I'd say
cut your losses
just vote you don't need any witnesses
and just treat it like it's a ridiculous
process and it hasn't met even the
minimum standard of being credible so
you don't need a trial just vote on it
just wipe it off the table and say sorry
it was ridiculous we can't take you
seriously but of course people that
would complain that they subverted the
system but they're gonna complain that
way either way that's the way I plan I I
tweeted out this morning you've seen it
before but it's the transcript of the
fine people comments from President
Trump and what I suggested in my tweet
is that you print it out and keep it
with you when you meet with your family
for Thanksgiving just have it in your
back pocket or take a screenshot just
keep it on your phone and and I
mentioned this before I think last year
but it never gets less fun
and the task is this when your relative
starts complaining that Trump there's a
big racist ask him for Essen for an
example and then when they mentioned to
find people thing which they will you
say hey well let's let's see exactly
what he said could you read this read it
out loud
see if you can get somebody who believes
that the president called the neo-nazis
fine people see if you can get them to
read and out loud to you that's the key
see if you can talk them into reading
out loud the entire thing including the
the sentences where he says I'm not
talking about the white nationalist and
neo-nazis they should be condemned and
totally now here's my prediction that
you won't be able to get any of your
relatives to read it out loud to you
that's my prediction if you can you're
going to notice some cognitive
dissonance that's really fun and then
they're gonna start saying yes but there
weren't any people there who were fine
pill if they were marching with racists
and then you say but the news has
already reported New York Times etc and
and I personally you could actually use
me I I personally have interviewed
several people who attended the
Charlottesville event and they all had
the same story that there were marchers
the neo-nazis there were an tyfa and
this is the important part there were
all kinds of other people who are not
marching and were not antiphon they were
there for their own reasons some pros
some against so you can use me as an
authority i have interviewed those
people and and i can guarantee that
there were lots of people there for
their own reasons because it's america
and there's no such thing as a big
protest without lots of people there
with completely different ideas from
each other it's the most normal thing in
the world
in fact if Charlottesville had been the
only time in this country when people
only had two opinions neo-nazi is an
anti fine no there was no
third opinion that's not even possible
it's America you can't get that many
people in one place and only have two
opinions that's not even the thing
you'll have all kinds of opinions if you
have a big group it's America damn it
we've got different opinions here's a
question for you
the press is reporting you'll probably
see a lot of this because it's the end
of the year people like to do these
statistics for the year at the end
so apparently trump is now up to you
according to the fact checkers who don't
like him over 15,000 lies since he took
office 15,000 lines now here's a test
for your relatives relatives can you
name any one of the 15,000 lives that
damaged the country the way the shifts
lies about the FISA process in which he
said everything was fine and the steel
dossier wasn't important to that all of
it was just complete lies which of any
of trumps 15,000 lies was as bad as that
one one lie by Chef give me an example
was it when he lied about the size of
his rally crowd was it when he lied and
said that it's the best unemployment in
50 years but it was really only 40
yeah which which lie was that the one
that was damaging I've said this many
times but it's worth repeating before
you go talk to your relatives that there
are different kinds of political lies
some of those lies are things like what
you'll do in the future and you know
maybe they won't some of those lies are
about how bad the other side is but
they're not really that bad some of it
is about how good your record is but
it's not really that good you left down
some context those are normal political
lies and the president has 15,000 of
them apparently
but what shifted which is reading a
secret secret documents that he had
access to and only
the only the special people in Congress
had access to he went in there he read
them and then he told the public the
opposite of what they said at the same
time Nunez was telling us accurately
what they said so it's not even like we
didn't have you know something to
compare it to what is worse than that
I can't think of anything worse than
that I can't even think I can't even
think of anything that's close to that
can you give me an example so I would
say that Schiff has got to be if there
were any kind of award for the most
corrosive worst politician in American
history he'd have to be in the running
right who would be a worse politician in
terms of effect on the in the world than
chef I guess you said Bush before
because of weapons of mass destruction
which is not a bad point all right I'm
looking at your comments
somebody says Harry Reid Joe McCarthy
yeah McCain maybe all right so let's see
if Schiff can get voted out of his
office
because he'll have some competition this
time all right
let's somebody says what do you think
shift lies about are you kidding Nick
what he lied about was the whole FISA
process where he said it was done
correctly
and that the steel duck the steel
dossier was not part of that decision
and now we know all of that was untrue
Tip O'Neill somebody says somebody hates
on Crenshaw
what did Crenshaw do
have I discussed the Afghanistan papers
I haven't but you know that fits
perfectly in the context of what I'm
talking about with there are different
kinds of lies there's one kind of lie
that your government will always tell
you so you have to kind of treat it as
you know maybe sort of a normal lie what
you should expect so there should be
different than other kinds of lies and
yes Jennifer Barbosa is running against
ship this next election and I've offered
to help her because I think shift needs
to go so we'll talk more about her
arrest yes the year the year goes on but
yes so it seems that our military
government who was lying to the people
of the United States about how well
we're doing in Afghanistan but is that
important because don't we have a
history of we always lie to our public
about how we're doing militarily it just
felt like business as usual because I am
not aware of any time this is just
personal but I'm not aware of any time I
thought we were winning in Afghanistan
so if they were lying about how well we
were doing in Afghanistan and it wasn't
a lie that registered with me it didn't
register at all people are asking is
jennifer Barboza
a Democrat she's not she is an
independent so should be running as an
independent apparently there are more
independence in that area than there are
Democrats or Republicans somebody's
asking about the the Scott and Christina
video that's coming we have recorded it
so Christina interviewed me on number of
topics including my book and we're
looking at it now but the lighting
wasn't quite where we wanted it to be so
we're trying to decide now whether we
can adjust the lighting in post or
maybe not boast it because I wanted this
one to be good quality so we'll see but
it is recorded
somebody says did not notice the black
lives matter and pirates disappeared at
the same time that's funny it's not true
but it's a funny comment can I play the
piano like Christina no I can't I don't
think many people can play the piano
like Christina Kemp
she does seem to have a special gift all
right I will I will talk to you later
that's all for now