my mom Paula pom pom pom hey I'm back
yes I know it's been a long time since
we had coffee but we're gonna have some
simultaneous sipping today and it's
gonna be extra good because I know
you've been holding back hey everybody
come on in here grab a seat make sure
you're where you can see get a good seat
up in the front and it's about time for
the simultaneous hip and all you need to
participate in this sacred ceremony you
know some kind of a cup or a mug or a
glass it could be a Stein or a chalice
maybe a thermos possibly a flask fill it
with your favorite liquid I like coffee
and join me now for the simultaneous
scent I'm sorry I left you yesterday
caught me by surprise I was a travel day
I thought I'd have time but I did not
and so today will be twice as good
that's right I'm taking all of the
goodness you would have heard yesterday
but I couldn't get to it I'm packing to
get to today for twice as good a coffee
with Scott Adams let us start so there's
some politician named Republican guy
named Justin Amash who has apparently
broken ranks with the Republicans and he
says I have read that Mulla report and
it has all kinds of impeachable conduct
it has impeachable conduct that's pretty
vague isn't it if if your best argument
sounds like this Scott he did
impeachable things you're in pretty good
shape let me tell you what sounds very
bad scott murdered a guy scott murdered
a guy named bob that sounds pretty bad
if somebody says scott you murdered
somebody I'm like whoa I'm in trouble
I'm going
jail that's a pretty specific allegation
here's what I'm not worried about Scott
may have if you look at the totality of
evidence nothing individual that
mattered too much no crimes
yeah no crimes and there was no
conspiracy or anything like that but if
you look at the big picture if you if
you sort of get far away like in the
outer space and and there's a lot of it
and you put a lot of things together
that don't mean much from outer space it
could give you the impression sort of a
vague uneasy feeling that there might be
something that I would call a conduct
collectively speaking which in a
philosophical and maybe generic sense
could be somewhere in the general
vicinity of something we should at least
have a conversation about impeachment
under those conditions
how much do I worry not a lot not a lot
now Amash is probably being kind of
clever because he's getting all kinds of
attention what was the thing that Justin
Amash was most famous for before this he
was most famous for nobody never nobody
ever heard of it so justin amash is
greatest claim to fame prior to selling
out the Republicans was that nobody ever
heard of him so I guess he's done better
than that now we've heard of him that's
not nothing so there's something I'm
sort of tracking changing topic a little
bit about Joe Biden I call it the sleepy
Joe
listen I'll give it a name let's say the
sleepy Joe visibility metric
yeah let's call that the sleepy Joe
visibility metric it goes like this
sleepy Joe Biden is the dominant
frontrunner for the Democrats it's the
biggest story in the country politically
partly because everything else is going
well look for the big stories about the
economy in the front page of CNN oh
there are none because the economy is
going well look for the big story about
the war we're in oh there isn't a big
story because we're winding down wars
everywhere look for the big story about
how our Chinese trade talks are going to
end the world oh well that doesn't seem
to be happening because again the
economy is doing well so we've got this
weird world where there isn't much to
talk about except the 2020 election it's
still the biggest thing right so if the
biggest competitor the only person who
could change the equation and maybe you
know I have a chance of beating the
President Trump that would be a big big
big big change in the world it's a big
story do you see a lot of interviews
with Joe Biden so far I've seen zero I
mean I think he's had them I think he's
he must have talked to the press in the
last several weeks but it just kind of
comes and goes it seems to me that the
anti-trump press either has no
confidence in Biden or is hoping that
the less they talk about him the less he
gaffes it seems to me that you know I
don't know that this is any collusion
but maybe collectively people have made
the same same same idea the more we see
of Joe Biden the more we like him fill
in the end of this sentence the more the
public sees of Joe Biden now fill in the
blanks what do you think is the answer
to that the more we see him
the more will love it does that work
okay let's try it again
the more we see of Joe Biden the more
smarter things he'll say I don't know it
doesn't quite fit the more we see of Joe
Biden the more we'll know he's young
enough and vital enough to do the job
maybe could be or how about this one
let's try this one on the more we see of
Joe Biden the more gaffes he'll make
which one of those things
sounds a little truer does which one
feels right it certainly seems to me
that this time in the prior presidential
election we saw a wall-to-wall non-stop
Trump didn't we
Trump the candidate said the more the
more I get on TV than the better and he
did everything he could to be on TV and
get all this free press and he got a lot
of it Joe Biden is doing exactly the
opposite Trump made a calculation that
the more Trump you saw the more likely
he would get it think about that
Trump correctly correctly deduced and
it's obviously he'd do this I'm not
reading reading minds I think he
actually said this there's a quart of
his early off but Trump was about
removing all the oxygen from the other
candidates he was about just eliminating
any attention on anything but Trump and
that worked because apparently the more
Trump you see and the more likely you
wanted for your president not everybody
of course half the country doesn't but
for the people who voted for him the
more they saw apparently the more they
liked on average but Biden seems to be
the opposite now keep watching this
because it's too early it could be that
Biden isn't doing anything interesting
and later he will excuse me so maybe
we'll see more of that now the president
has done his North Korea trick with
he's tweeted at Iran after moving
military assets into the region based on
some vaguely specified risk that Iran
was doing something dangerous maybe to
do with loading missiles on boats maybe
more than that we don't know but but
Trump tweeted and I was looking for the
exact weight but stye handy somebody can
help me with the words here he basically
said that if Iran ever attacked the
United States interests not the homeland
necessarily but if they did something
dangerous that Iran would essentially
cease to exist
now those are my words not the
president's but he essentially said that
a and I thought that is such the right
thing to do and once again this is
another one of those situations where
future presidents are going to have to
answer to the way Trump did business in
his administration every future
president is going to be compared to how
this president handled stuff and the way
he handled stuff tends to to have a
pattern have you noticed it
step one the the Trump step is oh my god
he can't do that that's too provocative
that's too dangerous the world will
explode we should never do whatever it
is the Trump says we should do step two
as we do it anyway so for whatever
reason he gets his way and we say my god
my god I can't believe he's doing this
this was everything we feared I can't
believe it the world is gonna end the
step three you say okay it did work out
okay I admit I admit this didn't work
out but there's a lot of things we don't
like about this president unrelated to
this and how many times have you seen
this let's take North Korea oh my god my
god you can't say fire and fury you
can't you can't be treating a leader
with nuclear weapons the way you're
tweeting this will no okay you're doing
it anyway I see you're doing it anyway
but my god don't do this we all warned
you and you're doing it it okay it did
work out yes we admit this worked out
exactly with the way you hope to what
but man what
Charlize Vil what about some other thing
you see it with trade talks with China
trade talks are bad trade you know trade
wars are bad it's bad it's bad it's bad
okay you're doing it anyway Lisi you're
doing it anyway but man this is not
gonna turn okay the economy is doing
better than anybody hoped sure alright
so this was it turns out looks like both
the left and the right agree it was
exactly the right time to get tough on
trade with China okay but even though we
were totally wrong about this and even
though we were totally wrong about the
way he had approached North Korea he's
got other problems I'm sure there are
other things he's doing wrong there must
be other other unrelated things that
he's just doing completely wrong let's
talk about those for a while so same
thing with Iran except I think there's a
little less pushback this time
here's what I liked about his Iran
warning the thing the first thing I like
about it is a rad warning is that it's
on Twitter and it's public I love the
fact that it's public because he's
talking to the public of the United
States and he's letting Iran see the
reaction directly would no filter from
the public and so they can look at his
tweet that says if you if you mess with
us we will end you meaning and the
regime and in Iran not kill all the
people that should be the proper the
proper interpretation is that we would
change their regime not that Iran would
cease to exist as a country and so the
Ayatollah can look at the comments to
the tweet and I haven't looked at him
but I imagine that the comments are
largely supportive of the concept then
if Iran goes too far we've got a pretty
dangerous you know president and he's
unpredictable and I'm pretty sure he
would use the opening to read to redo
the Middle East so the last thing that
Iran wants to give a president Trump is
an excuse
to redo the map of the Middle East what
do they imagine that a president Trump
would like to do we wouldn't mind
redoing the map of the Middle East if
the point of it was to make it a safer
place for Israel for our other allies in
the region so I think they're gonna look
at his comments and say I do not see the
citizens of the United States pushing
back on this idea of eliminating Iran
and if the citizens are not pushing back
on it and I don't think we are in
general obviously there's always people
on both sides of everything but I don't
think the public's pushing back on it so
imagine you're over in Iran you're
looking at the biggest military ever
assembled in the history of the galaxy
it's pointing all of its guns at you
you've got the most unpredictable
president who it should be sad wouldn't
mind redoing the Middle East's if he had
a reason you know if he had an excuse at
the moment he has no excuse at the
moment there's not a immediate need for
him to you know remove the regime in
Iraq not at the moment
do they want to give him a moment do
they want to create an excuse that would
give this president with the biggest
military ever created in the galaxy in
the history of humanity do you want to
give him an excuse to use some of those
weapons you don't so what I love this
was the clarity of it I think a normal
president would have said something
along the lines of Iran if you mess with
us there will be a big response right
big generic
if you do something for us all all
options are on the table now I do like
it when our government says all options
are on the table I like that as a I've
always liked that as just a standard a
good thing to say keeps all your options
open makes them wonder but when Trump
does it he goes way beyond all options
are open he makes it binary if you screw
with us we will end your whole country
that's as clear as you can get now again
and the whole country does not mean I
yeah and I think we all agree does not
mean kill all the people in there and
because we kind of like not even kinda
we like the Iranian people by the way if
you've ever spent any time with Iranian
people in America they are unusually
warm awesome people the average Iranian
who lives in this country whether first
or second generation are really great
people
so I'm pretty sure anybody who's had any
contact with an Iranian in this country
has by and large a pretty positive
opinion so we certainly don't dislike
the people of Iran but we have some
problems with their government and the
president's very clear about that
difference and Israel's very clear about
that difference which I believe is
legitimate by the way I think the lit
the array the Israeli people don't have
a beef with Iranian people I just don't
think that's the mountain not much of a
thing it's really government to
government problem and it's good to keep
it that way
of course the headlines are all about
the Game of Thrones finale last night I
would like to show you in a one-act play
my reaction to the finale of Game of
Thrones yes I slept through these parts
of the finale what I took away from the
finale was and people died and it was
over but I don't want to talk about Game
of Thrones because that's not
interesting from this periscope what I'm
going to talk about is their Game of
Thrones the finale is about a third of
all the news today something like a
third of all the the real estate and the
time spent I'm talking about news is
about a TV show can you have a better
administration the Trump administration
then to make one third of the news about
a TV show do you have any idea how much
that signifies the golden age let me
tell you what the golden age looks like
I remember the golden age i defined as a
time when most of your problems are
solved or on the way to being solved
alright so here are the headlines from
the golden age there's stuff about a
ford cutting cutting workers now that
would be negative right there's a very
big company they're cutting workers
except that the context is the strongest
economy the United States has ever had
so really it's one company having some
trouble which is news it's definitely
news it's not good news but it's not
about the economy it's about one company
so that it so that's probably a quarter
of the page as that another another big
piece of this is CNN's home page so I'm
looking at how much real estate is
devoted to each kind of topic then
there's a whole bunch of stuff about how
this Justin Amash is talking about
impeachment there isn't going to happen
that's a big story is about some person
is against the president but it doesn't
really matter because the Pietschmann
can because the republicans have too
much control in the Senate
it's a story without a story it's a
story about something that can't happen
impeachment actually just can't happen
alright here's some more there's a big
piece about Buddha judge and his
appearance on Fox News who cares
there was a candidate who had a town
hall on Fox News which probably ended
his chances of winning because he
appeared on Fox News it probably didn't
work out to his favor then there's a
bunch of stuff about weather and blah
blah blah
nothing nothing and then Game of Thrones
that's it
think about that for a moment will you
there isn't really any bad news how do
you have a whole page of of CNN and the
worst
they can come up with is people didn't
like the Game of Thrones ending that's
really amazing isn't it once more good
news here it comes
AOC recently said that she's open to the
conversation about nuclear energy as
part of the green New Deal
it gets better and then she adds
especially the newer technologies boom
goes the dynamite do you feel it
that was the far left and the far right
boop
it's the biggest news in the world it's
not on the CNN homepage because it's
sort of not the news that they like to
specialize on it's also not on the fox
news page because fox news doesn't like
to give you know too much positive
attention to a or C they're far more
likely to do a story about her and if
it's negative but it's also not in CNN
CNN would like to do a positive stories
about AMC their look their audience
would love that but AOC is being smart
about nuclear energy say what you will
about anything else her views on the
economy etc I'm not talking about
anything else she's done that you don't
like she does represent a big point of
view and an influential point of view
even if it's not big on the right and
she has said on ambiguously open to the
conversation of nuclear especially the
newer technology so in other words she
now understands there is a difference
this is the this is the biggest news in
the world completely ignored why because
nuclear energy is is probably the
biggest part of what's gonna drive drive
the world's economy in the next 3040
years is probably one of the biggest
factors and she just endorsed the
Commerce
now I'm pretty sure she knows enough
about the topic that when she says I'm
open to the conversation it means she's
already agreed that the risk/reward
makes sense that's sort of how I
interpret it that she knows the risk
versus the reward of nuclear when you
when you look at it in the context of
climate change being in her opinion a in
a an extinction event potentially then
then suddenly she has essentially
endorsed the path that most people on
the right would say makes sense
as long as she's saying do everything
fast do more wind do more solar develop
you know new technologies as fast as
possible maybe look at ways to take co2
out of the atmosphere and also look hard
at nuclear newer technologies that is
the the thinking style the point of view
the the way to frame our our a risk for
climate change in the most completely
productive way because whether you
believe climate change is the big risk
or a small risk or no risk at all you
still want as much green energy and a
low-cost energy which is what nuclear
gives you as you can get so this is like
one of the most positive developments in
the world now can all of you take a
little more padding on the back I like
I'd like to prime you you know how this
works one hand back here get ready to
pat yourself on the back because there
will be a moment in which this makes
perfect sense prepare yourself to give
yourself a self pat on the back here it
comes you you and this periscope have
watched me and especially with the help
of Mark Snyder who's been the primary
advocate about the newer nuclear
technologies you seen you seen us talk
all the time many of you have helped to
boost that message
you've helped you've helped me boost it
on Twitter
you boosted on periscope do you think
that are collected boosting of that
message about the newer technologies of
nuclear stuff do you think that that
message got through to AOC we don't know
well what do you think yeah I'm gonna
watch your messages for a while because
I'm not gonna Pat myself on the back
until I have agreement do you think that
message got through
probably I'm seeing yeses all right
that's enough fat yeses we can't confirm
this but here's what we do know and
ready and ready we do know we did the
right thing we boosted the right message
and the right people receive do have the
message I'm sure other people got to
them I'm sure that we're not the only
force but we were one of them get ready
pat yourself on the back good job good
job
now and I'm gonna say this again there
is no way for us to know if anything
that we did collectively or individually
made a difference we don't know that but
it sure looks like you did in at the
very least we were part of a collective
group that were sending a similar
message so at the very least we were
part of boosting the message so look at
this model and I've said this before
that social media to a large extent is
the government because you saw that the
government was out of tune I think
that's actually a really good way to put
it
I'm gonna I'm gonna go with this analogy
it seemed like the government was out of
tune meaning that they didn't even seem
to have a disagreement there wasn't
really a disagreement on nuclear it was
more like one side was ignoring it or
maybe wasn't quite up to date don't know
exactly what was going on but it was
attitude there was an obvious solution
or at least a path forward
for this green New Deal and for climate
risk and the government seemed to be
missing the obvious they were just they
were like one step off they were they
were so close to being on the right path
but it just some wiggle and in the
system and I feel as though social media
allowed the public to fine-tune the
government and to get them at least
saying oh yeah that does need to be part
of the conversation so a or C you said
it now needs to be part of the
conversation and of course people on the
right have already been there and then
you've got people who who are respect
the most such as Bill Gates the reason I
respect them the most is because it's
obvious that his intentions are all in
the positive direction he does the work
he's brilliant and he's not political he
does not aligned with any side all right
so Bill Gates is still mine probably my
number one role model in the world Sam
so that's all good news
let's talk about this this seems like
this should be the biggest story in the
world but isn't I say that a lot but but
let me develop this this point a little
bit so we know now that apparently Comey
wrote in an email that included his
upper echelon staff dude that apparently
according to Comey in an email so this
was back in the beginnings of the
investigation about rush occlusion so
copies had an email that Brennan
insisted the dossier be included in the
Intel assessment to which I say to
myself how do you interpret that Brennan
would know it seems to me you know can't
read his mind but common sense tells you
that he would have known
that the sources of the Intel were
Russian Russian spooks Brennan had to
know that the source of the Intel was
Russian you know Intel people and then
he he wanted it to be included in our
system which would have changed the
result or had a high chance of changing
the result of the u.s. election think
about that what is being reported is a
Brennan was aware that Russian Intel
people had created a questionable
document that almost certainly was false
information because they came from
sources that would give you false
information and that it was by its
nature would affect the election now we
see people on the right say hey doesn't
that prove that Brennan was the one who
was doing the Russian a collusion to
which I say that makes a hundred percent
sentence Brennan knew what he was doing
he knew where the sources were he knew
he knew how reliable they were which was
not he knew that it was disinformation
or he had to know because he was smart
enough to know that from high Russian
sources who wanted to change the result
of the election and Brennan wanted to
change the result in the election the
same way the Russians did apparently by
some kind of so but no let me let me
modify that statement I don't know that
the Russians wanted to change it the
same way Brennan wanted to change it we
know that the Russians wanted to
interfere and all that looked like
interference so but why is it that the
entire news cycle is not a Russia
collusion is real and it turns out it
was bred and who who as far as we can
tell until you know it's not confirmed
you need investigations but as far as we
can tell the paper trail
says that Brennan and Comey were
involved with Russian interference in
other words that they colluded with
Russia how is that not objectively
obviously true how is it not completely
obviously objectively true that Brennan
and Comey have a paper trail saying that
they indeed colluded with Russia
meaning colluded with the steel dossier
that came from Russian sources which
they knew to change this to interfere
with the election how is that not
completely a hundred percent a true
statement now again you know you need
investigations to make sure that emails
meant what you thought and people were
doing what well we imagine but here's
here's my theory it's cognitive
blindness meaning that we can logically
see the connection that I just drew but
we can't quite wrap our heads around the
fact that we have the story opposite for
two years plus because the whole story
had been framed so vigorously as the
Trump Organization was colluding with
Russia and now we know it was literally
the opposite the Trump Organization was
being framed by people colluding with
Russia now again it could could turn out
that that interpretation that I just
gave you is overstated that could be the
case but the evidence in that we have
very strongly suggests that was the case
and there doesn't seem to be a counter
narrative to that in other words there's
nobody arguing the other side there's
just the evidence that very clearly says
that and that's it that's all we know so
I think that the human brain can't make
that much of a rant a 180 it's hard to
go from two and a half years of thinking
the Trump's were involved with Russia
collusion we can get ourselves or some
of us can to a new truth that that
didn't happen but if you noticed that
half of the country can't even get there
half of the country is still stuck in
the
the last movie where they believe that
the mullah report actually shows
collusion there they're actually reading
the same page and they can't even see
the words the way they were intended
apparently because they see a completely
different story on the same page and
it's a page written by lawyers to be as
clear as possible and as clear as
possible as we could not we could not
determine any collusion or conspiracy so
I think that what we're seeing is a
weird cognitive blindness that we see in
a lot of different situations where
where it's just too hard for people to
get their heads into that new frame
because it's so different from what it
had been two years ago and it's not
because the facts don't clearly and
unambiguously suggest that's what we
should be talking about because the
facts do clearly and unambiguously state
that Brennan was colluding with Russia
to change the result of a u.s. election
I just don't see any other way those
facts could be interpreted but again
that's just the facts of evidence
you always have to wait give people
their day in court Brennan like anybody
else is innocent until proven guilty I
don't want to suggest otherwise but if
you're in the news business you have to
prove you have to you should be talking
about the news that is in evidence
and the news and evidence does not look
good for Brennan why is that not on the
front page why is the front page of CNN
not well it looks like there's very
strong evidence that the head of the CIA
was trying to change the results of the
election and we've got a paper trail
that proves it and all evidence points
that way perfectly what how's that not
the front page of seeing it there's
something definitely broken in the
system all right let's talk about
executives that deutschebank
so here's the headline I think this was
CNN Headline executives that deutsche
bank rejected the advice of their
specialists when some transactions by
the Trump Organization that got flagged
all right so there's a bank Deutsche
Bank and they have
specialists who look for transactions
that are questionable these specialists
it is reported flagged transactions from
the Trump Organization and then upper
management looked at the the situation
and decided to let it go in other words
they did not pursue any kind of legal or
other recourse now is that a story if
you have never worked for a bank that
looks like kind of a story doesn't it I
have worked for a bank I have many years
as a banker working in the number of
different areas within the bank pretty
pretty wide wide experience from lending
to retail to the back systems etc so I
have a pretty broad experience in
banking let me interpret this story from
the ridiculous version that you're
getting to what it really means all
right I'm gonna do the bank translation
here's what this means when you hear
that specialists flagged something do
you hear oh my god the top experts in
banking had an opinion but the bosses
overrode it is that what you're here
because you shouldn't be hearing it that
way when you hear that a specialist
flagged something that just means there
was a big transaction and maybe you had
a lot to do with cash that's it the
reason that a specialist would flagged a
transaction is just because it's a big
dollar amount and maybe cash is involved
that's it
that's the whole story do you know how
often there's a big transaction with
cash in vault all the time all the
freaking time and those specialists
probably flag all of them do you know
the banks you know if you if you do any
transaction over $10,000 and maybe the
dollar amounts changed since I was a
banker but in the old days anything over
$10,000 got flagged do you know how many
times I as a banker flagged a
transaction
I personally as a bank teller flagged a
lot of transactions because there were
something about them that I needed a
supervisor to look at something about it
there was an as the bounds of my
responsibility maybe it was just a big
dollar amount maybe it was a complicated
transaction I wanted to make sure it got
done right maybe there was something
about it there was non-standard it got
flagged it means nothing that
specialists flagged the transaction and
when you see that their superiors looked
at it and decided it wasn't worth
pursuing what you have described is
every day a bank that's every day at the
bank every day underlings bring things
to their boss and they say here's some
things that are non-standard what do you
think and the boss says ok ok ok ok ok
Boop pretty much all of the things that
get flagged as non-standard eventually
get improved what is missing in this CNN
story what is missing is how often this
happens and what percentage of things
that give flagged end up being illegal
what is your guess if you hear a story
with no context specialist flagged some
transactions in the bank
what is your brain go to well your brain
automatically thinks incorrectly that
this must be an unusual bothersome kind
of thing in which you know you really
have to worry about it they leave out
the context the context is how often do
things get flagged in the bank and then
they just can prove because that's just
the process that's the normal banking
process the normal banking process is
people flagging stuff all the time and
then bosses saying that's ok I'm glad
you flagged it but I see no problem
ordinary ordinary business reported as
extraordinary all right now that's fake
news isn't it would you say if something
that's completely ordinary is reported
the opposite as if it's extraordinary
isn't that fake news in what way could
that not be fake news because imagine
how this couldn't have been reported
also accurately Deutsche Bank is a bank
like normal banks okay normal they have
processes in which anything that's
non-standard or a big dollar amount for
example gets flagged by people who watch
this stuff they check it with their
superiors and 99% of the time or
whatever the percentage is there's
nothing wrong with the transaction and
the superiors to prove it and it goes
through that is called banking what I
just described is banking flagging
things looking for exceptions making
sure all risks have been accounted for
or making sure that the right people are
brought into the decision banking it's
just banking that was the story that's
the only thing we know now if it turns
out that there are other facts that come
out that's another story but the story
we know is that banking happened that's
it that's all we know all right a little
too much on that is or else we got
there's a story up in the Atlantic I
think I tweeted it around yesterday then
apparently researchers tried to figure
out if people are good at predicting and
they tried to figure out if people who
are experts in a topic are better at
predicting what the future will be in
that topic now what do you think they
found out is it true that experts in a
topic are better than average better
than just someone else at predicting
what will happen and the answer is nope
they're not no difference at all so then
they did another they did more research
and they found out that the people who
were best at predicting had wait for it
wait for it good talent stacks now the
article doesn't use my term for it but a
talent stack an idea I introduced in my
book had a failed almost everything and
still win big is the idea that if you
have a little bit of knowledge
on a bunch of different fields you
you're better at predicting that's
really my primary message in that book
is that you you have a better
understanding of your world including
being able to predict what happens if
you have a broad broad set of experience
so for example someone who knows just
science would be handicapped compared to
somebody who knows science but they also
have a business background or they also
have a philosophy background or they
also have a history background or an
artist background so any any kind of
breadth of experience allows you to see
around corners better than if you're in
a silo and you're really good at one how
is this important well I'll tell you so
somebody asked me the name of the book
again my my book that all this came from
the idea of talent stacks is how to fail
at almost everything and still win big
you don't need to remember the name of
the book just remember my name and how
to fail all right it's a long title so
if you look for my name and my books
you'll find it if you look for how to
fail you'll find it that's it
now here's the good news the good news
is that my upcoming book loser think is
a deeper dive on what you should know
about each field to make you better at
understanding your world in other words
I'm gonna take you for a tour about what
a historian would know you know how an
artist would look at things how how an
economist would look at things but I'm
not going to teach you those disciplines
I'm just going to teach you the key
things that people learn the the
big-picture stuff so that you'll
instantly instantly after you read the
book be able to see how the world looks
through a variety of filters instead of
just one so if you want to see the world
through more than one filter this gives
you a preview of those other filters so
you can you can see around objects you
can see the future a little better and I
was very happy to see that this research
completely
completely agrees with the notion that
if you have wider experience you don't
have to be an expert you just have to
know a few of the facts about you know
how economists see in the world I give
you an example so here's just the
smallest example if you had never heard
of the the idea of sunk costs economists
all know what a sunk costs are it means
you've already spent a lot of money here
but your next decision should not
account for the fact that you spent a
lot of money already you should treat
money that you've already spent as if
it's gone and it's a new decision today
whether to spend more money on that same
thing
now that's an economists way of viewing
the world which an artist might not
think of an artist might say man I've
already put a million dollars into this
I'd better put some more money into it
to justify the million I already spent
that's how artists think economists say
that millions gone it's just gone I have
a new decision today about whether my
new hundred thousand should go in or not
but it has nothing to do with the money
I've already spent so that's a very tiny
little adjustment in how these to see
the world the economists versus the
artists so the loser thing book will be
a deeper dive into concepts like that
things that are real easy to learn like
some costs but if you haven't been
exposed to them at least once you
wouldn't know that that was something
you needed to consider all right you're
gonna like that book by the way that'll
be out around in November you can
pre-order it now all right I love the
fact that only a few members of Congress
have read the Muller report what does
that tell you about the world now I
always tell you that you should check
your filter on the world against your
observation so if you believe the world
is a certain way but you observe things
are not going the way your view of the
world predicts well maybe then you
should consider a new filter on the
world my filter on the world as you know
is that people don't use facts to make
decisions now in the in the specific
context of say finance you
if you're doing accounting or if you're
doing a scientific experiment than facts
matter of course but our normal life
we're not doing science you know I
didn't do any science today you probably
didn't either we but we make lots of
decisions in lots of irrational ways and
the facts don't really influence us so
much
the Muller report shows that as clearly
as anything could show you we were all
waiting for the Muller report because we
thought the facts would change how we
feel about stuff I never believed that
to be the case my filter around the
world is that it didn't matter how many
facts were in the molar report had it
said that the president was totally
guilty the Republicans would have said I
don't see it
I'm reading I see the report I don't see
any guilt in there had the report said
that he was completely exonerated you
know that the Democrats would say I
don't see in the exoneration there I'm
reading the same reporter you are now as
luck would have it Muller was ambiguous
enough that it was easy in this case to
to take whatever opinion you wanted oh
yeah he totally made the case for
impeachment says Justin Amash
Republicans say I'm looking at the same
thing I don't see any justification for
impeachment in there so if you expected
that the Mullen report would have facts
and that the facts would change people's
opinion you were in a different movie
than I was in my movie there was never a
chance that the facts would change
anybody's opinion now you could imagine
that there would be some kind of fact
that would take in so far it would
change your opinion in other words like
a real smoking gun or even more than a
smoking of a videotape of a crime you
know you could imagine is you could
imagine some extreme where the facts
would actually change people's opinions
but it wasn't likely that we were gonna
see that I mean we would have seen that
coming ahead of time it would have been
leaked or something so within the range
of what this molar report was likely to
be you you should have predicted
the start that it wouldn't change any
minds if you are predicting it would
change minds make a mental note that
your filter on the world did not mean
reality make another note then my filter
on the route unreality the facts don't
change opinions was correct so much so
that most of the politicians who deeply
care about this biggest question in the
world didn't even bother to read it and
the people who could see the unredacted
versions largely didn't even bother
going a look nobody really cared about
the facts so just keep a note that at
that point of view succeeded this time
in predicting again all right I think I
have a question about social media so
maybe you can so this is a question not
an opinion I want you to fact-check me
here I need somebody who's who's got a
little more knowledge about api's and
social media platforms than I do
could somebody create a an interface a
program an application that could post
your content to any of the different
platforms now this part I know is true
so there are like you HootSuite and and
other programs that light that let you
lay you schedule and then post your
content to multiple platforms but could
somebody make a version of that in which
you could also read content from only
the platforms you wanted to read but but
collective from all the platforms and
also post all the platforms and and
here's the best part because I think the
answer is yes to all those things right
but this is where you need to fact-check
me could you create a higher level
platform that simply interacts with all
the social media platforms for the
purpose of being able to create
competent
where none exists let me say more about
that
what can Facebook do that Twitter cannot
do not much right I can post a picture
on Twitter I can post a picture on
Facebook now there's a small difference
meaning that my Twitter posts are open
to the public whereas my Facebook posts
I can make private and/or public very
small change Twitter can do that right
could you build an interface above all
the social media programs that did
whatever filtering you wanted to do but
here's the important part
here's the important part could you when
one of the platform's starts
discriminating move your attention in
traffic to the one that is
discriminating less or not at all so for
example you see a number of competing
platforms I saw one today called
Politico calm now I think they want to
be sort of a competitor to Twitter for
political policies and be unfiltered but
of course they have a rough road because
it started to get anybody to go to a new
platform but if you had a platform on
both of the platforms you could just add
that one in there and you wouldn't have
to use any extra effort to post to there
or to read there and then over time you
can sort of move your traffic where
people are being less abusive let me
give you the example suppose suppose you
and all your friends had this new higher
level application that was simply
interacting with different social media
platforms and Facebook D platforms
canvas that one's all right now they had
her on suspension for a week for reasons
that when they looked at it even they
decided we're not sufficient so they
reversed it but you as a consumer if you
see somebody getting D platformed you
could very easily just check the box
that takes that platform and if your and
if your traffic for a while because you
would still see everybody's tweets
everybody's pictures but they would just
be coming to you through a different
platform because people would be using
all the platforms just by being part of
one app so could you create competition
where there is none
by some kind of a higher app that would
reward Twitter let's say for being more
and I think this is true there's
probably a difference with the platforms
in terms of their openness to free
speech we saw off for example the
Twitter I think has been more cautious
than Facebook at a few cases and it
would be easy for you to let's say in
sense Twitter by giving them more
traffic and take traffic away from
Facebook but people would still see all
your posts and all your content because
they could see it through other other
platforms now I don't know if any of
this is legal or if the platforms would
you know close you down so that you
couldn't use their platform with this
third party I suspect that would be the
problem so the the general idea and
maybe the specific applications is not a
good one but the general idea is how can
we as customers put market pressure on
the platforms to stay within the bounds
of good censorship and not bad
censorship when I say good censorship
there is content I don't want to see on
the platforms I don't want to see Isis
propaganda I don't want to see
anti-semitic stuff all right so I don't
mind that the platforms are or are
editing but when they go too far you
want the market to immediately respond
in ways that influence their bottom line
immediately because let's say for
example if Facebook well I'll give you
I'll give me a concrete example when
Candace almonds got kicked off on
Facebook for a little while
mentally I said to myself I'm just not
going to log on to Facebook for a week
so I personally boycotted Facebook but
but I didn't give up my account
nor would I I think that canceling your
account is sort of you know punching
yourself in the face because we sort of
need the social media accounts to be
part of society but I could certainly
say to myself I'll bet I could I could
go a week without logging onto Facebook
because all the all the posts will still
be there you know yeah if I feel like it
but I probably wouldn't look as many
posts if I wait a week I'm not gonna
bother to go down the whole thing I
might look at the new one so I said to
myself I will mentally boycott them but
wouldn't it have been good if I had a
platform I could just click them off for
a week and I can give them how about
this shouldn't shouldn't the public
could be able to give Facebook a one
week suspension that's the way to frame
it finally okay I accidentally got to
the right answer by feeling around right
now social media platforms can give an
individual a one week suspension but the
public cannot give the social media
platforms of what week suspension but
why not how hard would it be for that to
be a thing now I'm not saying that the
conservatives should all cancel their
accounts with Facebook if they see
somebody get a suspension but you could
certainly make your feeling known by
simply giving them a one-week suspension
of of clicks and if something like if
something like a quarter of all
conservatives gave Facebook a one-week
suspension they would actually see it in
their bottom line they would actually
notice that their graph just wouldn't
just plunged 10 percent for no reason or
whatever so just something to think
about so here's here's the the general
thought is this whenever you have
competition you get better results and
the social media situation has evolved
to a point where we don't have equality
of competition the customers don't have
as much power as they should have
you know usually the customer is always
right social media is the one place
where that's just not true
Am I am i right for most businesses the
statement the customer is always right
you know within within balance of course
is a fair statement and companies
actually act as though that's the case
oh whatever you want we'll make this
right will we want to keep you as a
customer for life etc but the big social
media platforms they don't really need
you they need most people but they don't
need you apparently and so there's
there's nothing stopping them from just
you know slapping off a customer even if
that customer maybe was in the gray area
there's just no penalty for it so I
think to stop the slippery slope you
need a little bit more customer control
than we currently have so maybe we'll
see that and by the way my my original
statement about the D platforming of
conservatives was always that the
slippery slope doesn't exist meaning
that a counter force always always
appears when it looks like a slippery
slope is gonna happen so you never
really get the slippery slope because
the character force always appears and
the counter force is people saying ok
you got rid of that person and I can see
why you did it even though I would
prefer for a speech like that wouldn't
make sense I don't like it but at least
I understand why you say here's our
standards this is outside of our
standards at least I get it
it's credible even if I prefer it didn't
happen but when you start throwing in a
Candice Owens
that's not credible the Conservatives
who look at that saying whoa whoa what
did she say they got her kicked off the
platform and then you say that's it you
got kicked off the platform front of
that and there was a big push back so
the push back does appear when things go
too far now that exact level where
things end up might not be where you
want it but it's not going to go forever
and I think I think you already saw the
pushback I think the ironic here's the
irony with the conservative
being banned the the worst problem about
being a trump supporter in 2016 was that
you were associated with the worst
people who were on the same side
my biggest problem in 2016 is that I
could so easily be lumped in with some
of the worst things that people could
say in the world who happened who also
happens like the president for their own
reasons not the same reasons as mine and
what happens when those people get
d-flat forms my credibility goes up so
I'm having a hard time completely being
against any banning of anybody when that
banning is good for me I hate to say it
but because I'm lumped in with a class
of people that I would not love myself
in with you know I would not identify
with other people's comments I just have
my own comments but it's easy for part
of the country to say yeah you're a
trump supporter you must be a neo-nazi
because those guys like Trump too I
would be pretty happy if all of those
voices the neo-nazis etc should they
should they violate anything I'd be
happy if they go away it makes it makes
me look better so it's sort of a make a
phone call go away there we go alright
so that's enough of that that's all I
got for now and I will talk to you
somebody said then who will defend you I
don't know what you mean am I happy with
unequal banning yes I am happy with
unequal banning let me complete that
thought somebody said would I be happy
if if the Conservatives got more banned
than the people on the left yes do you
know why
because when the people on the left are
allowed to be terrible they're ruining
the brand of all the people on the left
that the anti-trump errs can
self-immolate if the worst of them
pollute the rest of the brand if on the
conservative side the people who are
most extreme get banned then my brand
people who say good things about
President Trump improves now is that
free speech now it's not free speech
that is not free speech it is speech
within within a prescribed zone which is
you know not too extreme in any
direction so am I happy if I can live
within the approved does that one cuz I
don't think I've ever said anything that
would get me kicked off a platform and I
also don't think I ever would I don't
see any situation where I personally
would get deep platform I just don't see
it but if people who are making my brand
look bad look get deep platform I say
two things
hey that's not free speech because it
isn't but it's also a private company
and they have rules and standards and
they get to enforce those at the other
hand I say hey makes me look a little
better I don't know I'm not so sure that
you should worry about the other side
not giving us banned because every time
that they're allowed to go forward with
their awfulness
it just makes their whole side look less
credible alright that's all for now and
I'll make a bet with you that if I ever
get D platformed I will deserve it
there's there's my prediction alright so
here's another case where you can use
your filter on life to predict my filter
on life says that that there is no
slippery slope for these bands of
conservatives that there is no slippery
slope because the counter force has
already formed there would have been a
slippery slope if no counter force is
formed but they always do so my filter
says that
that somebody like me will never get
banned unless I really did something
that was legitimately bana Mille I don't
think I would intentionally so that's
that's the prediction if you think that
I will someday get banned keep that
prediction you had keep that prediction
in your head and see if it happens now
today I went after yesterday I went
after the SPLC for the the SPLC the
Southern Poverty Law Center who is
supposedly the entity which points out
all the the bad people on race so that
they can be deep platformed etc they
actually repeated the Charlottesville
fine people hopes in a tweet yesterday
so I reported them I mean actually
legitimately no joke this is not
political theater I legitimately
reported them for for spreading race
hoaxes because that race hoax is is
unambiguously false they should know it
and even if it's an accident it's the
same effect they need to get educated
and get rid of that that type of
speaking but that is absolutely racial
racially divisive on a top level you
know there's there's no I don't want you
to see any politics in this I'm not I'm
not it's not tit for tat it's not those
things this is legitimately hate speech
against Trump supporters who are mostly
white and they did it it was public its
unambiguously racially offensive to me I
am racially offended by that tweet and
it's it's all the things that they're
supposed to exist to not do they did
publicly and unambiguously so I reported
them now here's the thing we'll IBD
platformed for that I say no I say there
is no way that I would be deep
platformed for calling out bad racial
divisive stuff no way because I'm right
I think you have to at least be wrong
you know I actually be right this is
enough to keep you from being the
platform but you have to have a good
intention I think it's pretty obvious
that my intention is to get rid of a
racially divisive I never notice a
divisive divisive divisive people say
that differently and I'm never sure
which is the right way but it's racially
damaging and I wanted to get rid of it I
think that that kind of stuff has no
place in the public discussion because
it's fake and it's bad for everybody
so we'll say I don't think that a person
like me can get kicked off a platform
because I have both good intentions
and in this case you know I have the
truth on my side so you don't get kicked
off for that anyway I will talk to you
all later