I do bum-bum-bum bum-bum-bum hey
everybody come on in I'm a little bit
earlier than usual so the rest of you
wake up wake up it's time for you know
what you know what it's coffee with
Scott Adams and the simultaneous sip
it's the best sip of the day the other
sips are pretty good but this is the
best one here it comes here it comes oh
that's good stuff
so are you all watching how president
Trump's critics are handling the fact
that he agreed with him
now we all knew that something crazy and
strange was going to happen when the
president said oh yeah I agree with you
about separating the children but
there's you know nothing we could do and
then he finally decides that he can just
sign sign something which is different
than what people imagined he could sign
but the idea was hey you could just make
this go away by signing something you
just have to give the order just sign it
everything will be good so remember what
I told you about how is seemed as though
the president was taking what I call an
adult position to immigration which is
he was making hard short-term choices
that were uncomfortable for a lot of
people and worst of all of course for
the the families with children who were
in cages which know none of us support
children in cages and but it was for a
longer-term good it was to prevent
sexual abuse it was to keep the kids
safe it was to get to a you know a
better place in the long run so that was
sort of the adult approach short term
costs
people are not going to be happy but it
gets you to a better place the the
children view was just sign something
it'll all go away if you just sign
something
now the just sign something idea to make
it all go away spoken by a guy without
kids how hard do I have to agree with
you idiots just talking about this
particular idiot not the rest of you how
hard do I have to agree with you before
you can hear it does it matter that I
don't have kids if I still agree with
you that kids should not be in cages do
you really think that that was like a
useful comment when everyone agrees with
you can you even do you even see that
everyone agrees with you is that not
obvious that nobody likes kids and cages
alright so and by the way I'm gonna
double back to that point so you've got
the children's view that the child that
president can just sign something make
the whole thing go away it's easy there
are no problems there no there are no
cost to that just just sign something
and then the adult view that it's not
that simple you know a lot of moving
parts you know even if we tried to do
something you would take a while so what
does the president do when he's in adult
mode but all of his critics are in child
mode heavy handle that now do you
remember pacing and leading so pacing is
when you match the people you're trying
to persuade and you know if you match
them long enough that and you know
ideally you can lead them so what the
president did was he left adult mode
which I did not see coming I did not see
this coming
he went to child mode and gave them a
toy he just signed something
now it's going to take a while maybe 24
hours maybe 48 hours but eventually the
children are going to realize here the
children being the the critics on CNN
and MSNBC the other critics eventually
they're going to realize the signing
something doesn't make anything happen
now of course we all want something to
happen again nobody wants kids in cages
we all want something to happen but it
takes a while and children don't really
realize the things take a while for
example at the at the at the very at the
minimum they probably need extra
facilities right and to get an extra
facility even if it's nearby and empty
you have to at least sign a contract
because these are apparently it's run
primarily by one company that does this
a private company that does it for the
government so at the very least there's
going to be a you know an acquisition
process there's going to be some
negotiating to get the good price
there's probably going to be some
lawyers involved they got to figure out
what's the best one and that if they
find one they probably have to retrofit
it probably with security cameras
they've got to make sure that the
kitchens work that they've they've built
the I hate to say about cages whatever
whatever you want to call them so so
yeah six months minimum would be my
guess right but the president by giving
the the children meaning the children
the critics not the actual people who
were under 18 but the children in the
media he just gave them what they asked
for and they don't know what to do about
it so I'm watching the criticisms today
from the people in child mode meaning
the adults in child mode
and here are some of the things on CNN's
front page charlottesville a rally
organizer wants to hold the white civil
rights rally now I don't know if that
was news or not but is it an accident
that that Charlottesville came up again
just when the president sort of took
care of the the media problem of signing
that piece of paper then there was a
article about in and Navarro mocks
fellow conservative so I looked at that
clip and if you haven't seen it this is
really good so it's on CNN's page and
it's it's toward the top left and it was
Anna Navarro mocks fellow conservative
and when I say mocks I mean she mocks
him as though she is a child as a little
you know sort of the Donald Trump uh-huh
mocking and and she just looks like
she's lost it and keep in mind that
she's losing it over the president doing
what they asked him to do and she's
still losing it over and they're the
complaint is oh your Republicans you
know you flip-flopped or the president
caved so that's the other word they're
using on CNN on CNN they're saying the
president caved he caved now caved is
one way to say it here's another way to
say it we have a system of checks and
balances including the media there was a
policy put in place by the Trump
administration the media spotted it
highlighted it the public weighed in and
opinions were pretty solidly on the side
of do something about these kids
separated from parents on both
Republicans and Democrats side it was
pretty universally agreeable thought or
at least the majority of people and then
the system worked which is the only
thing that could be done
is signed something that says we'll take
care of this but it's going to take a
while so in other words what we watched
was a system of checks and balances that
work perfectly who is reporting that who
is reporting that this is one of the
best examples you've ever seen of
something that worked right meaning
there was a problem it was a real
problem the media surfaced it the
government and the public weighed in and
then they did something about it
now they're doing something about it I
warn you is going to take a while but
the government has at least fixed their
intentions because in the long run the
intentions were maybe as big a problem
as as what was happening in the
detention centers because the thought
was that what we're seeing is part of a
larger intention to do something far
worse so by taking the intention away by
signing the signing something that says
hey let's let's take care of this
problem the president reversed what
people thought was the intention which
was well my god it's going to get to
here it's already here but it's going
this way and he just reversed and said
now it's here but it's going the other
way we're gonna make it more comfortable
for these people not not less so you
watched a system that's sort of working
but I don't think anybody's going to
report it that way now I made the
mistake this morning of flipping through
the channels and I don't usually watch
MSNBC and the reason I don't watch it is
because CNN kind of has it covered you
know it's if you're looking for both
sides CNN and Fox gives you probably
that you know 90% of it but if you want
to you know pick up some extra let's say
understanding or context it's good to
check out MSNBC as well
and I was watching Morning Joe and if
you don't watch it all the time it can
be jarring because it's it's hard to
believe and what I watched was I think
there were four or five white panelists
if you count you know Joe and we kind
they're regular guests so there are it's
the widest group you've ever seen
talking about how the president needs to
needs to have you know more diversity
etc and I thought to myself is there no
self-awareness whatsoever that that
they're a perfect example of a lack of
diversity that that show is not too
diverse at least I've never seen anybody
who wasn't super white on there but the
other the other thing that was
interesting is probably 75% of
everything I saw you know over about 15
minutes of watching it probably 75% was
mind-reading literally people saying
what the president thinks that he's
never do has not expressed by his inner
thoughts and what his supporters feel
their inner thoughts it was almost an
entire show devoted to imagining that
they could read minds and as I listened
to it I thought well that doesn't even
sound right now I can't read minds
either so I suppose I could be just as
wrong as they are anything is possible
but the the assumptions they make about
how other people are feeling were just
crazy I mean they bordered on like a
mental illness at least in the way it
looked not I'm not diagnosing them but
just observing them I would watch it and
I think well that doesn't sound like
analysis sounds like some kind of a
mental problem because if you think you
can read the minds of strangers and by
the way what's in there is just horrible
it's horrible
somebody somebody's asking for examples
I may have forgotten them by now oh
that's good now I just saw a news bit
that I don't know if this is true yet I
guess we'll wait for confirmation then
North Korea
apparently has large supplies of rare
earth metals you know China has 95% of
all the rare earth metals or at least
the ones that are discovered or
exploitable I guess and and North Korea
just just turned up a whole bunch of it
which might change the equation in some
way I don't know if it's good or bad it
gives them a little more leverage for
sure but we'll see then there's somebody
mentioning gas lighting so let me
explain gas lighting so what gas
lighting is supposed to mean is when
people are lying to you and trying to
build a build an artificial world in
your mind with a bunch of lies until you
deny the real world now clearly this is
both sides doing this right both sides
are doing everything they can to create
an artificial world of lies that that
their supporters can live in it's not
one side but it's definitely both sides
but that but imagining false dichotomy
but imagining that it's only one side is
sort of the lowest level of awareness so
let me see if I can give them to you in
order so the lowest level of awareness
is that you don't know anything about
the world you know like a child you'd be
like I don't know any
about how everything works then as you
move up in the awareness you start
thinking that you do you like I I do
know some things and I know that I'm
right and the other people are wrong
usually by the time your teen or a young
adult you're starting to think I've got
a bunch of ideas that are right and the
other ones got a bunch of ideas that are
wrong those poor dumb bastards getting
everything wrong so that's a little bit
better than knowing nothing but not much
it's actually not much better than
knowing absolutely nothing then there's
a higher level where you realize that
nobody nobody knows anything so the the
news business is sort of stuck in that
middle view where they they're pretty
sure that their view of the world is the
real one and that the other side is
gaslighting but they don't they don't
seem to process the fact that the other
side thinks exactly the same thing once
you realize that both sides think the
same thing you realize that it's all
artificial and they're we're all we're
all living in different you know movies
of our own making but to imagine that
that you got the right one and the other
ones got the wrong one
well that's a stretch now I would I've
been arguing that the highest level of
awareness is that you don't necessarily
believe you're in the right model of the
world and you don't necessarily think
that somebody else got the right model
of the world but the best you can do is
to see if your model of the world
predicts when it does predict and you
can see that it has a good record of
predicting you know and even that could
be confirmation bias so you have to
watch out for that but it's probably the
closest you can get it's probably the
closest you could get to something like
reality is knowing that your model
predicts so I heard a some pundit I
think it was yesterday or today say that
it's possible that the next GDP report
could be close to fly
percent all right any of you hearing
that and I've heard estimates you know
four four point eight but it's the first
time I've heard five yeah I've heard
four point eight before and maybe
somebody was just rounding up but
apparently couldn't I think there was a
consumer manufacturers or just a
manufacturers confidence had ninety five
percent this week which is the highest
of all time now it's gonna get harder
and harder to deny that something is
working it does look like something's
working you know in the economy at least
and so if you're looking at which models
of the world predict I had a model that
said economics is mostly a psychological
phenomena and if you get the psychology
right the economy will will just be
turbocharged and then I said that this
president is the best we've ever seen at
managing psychology and as and protect
in particular psychology of money
psychology of investing psychology of
the economy that would be his strong
suit and so my prediction was that under
a trump administration the economy would
do really well now I do accept and I
know I'm you know almost alone in this
that Obama left a very strong base
coming off a very weak base and I give
Obama and in his administration complete
credit for taking us from the edge of
the you know the edge of the abyss to a
solid base but what we're seeing now is
a lot more than a solid base you're very
much seeing the the evidence of the
psychology being so positive from and
it's some combination of taxes and
cutting regulations and arguing about
trade etc and when we're talking about
trade one of the things that I've said
is that the president
we'll do a good job pushing as much as
you can that doesn't mean he gets
everything he tries to get it means he
pushes until he gets it and in all
likelihood you know with all these many
trade up trade agreements and with our
economy rushing toward 5% a imagin year
one of the countries were negotiating
with and your economy is starting to
stall out a little bit maybe your growth
is down a little bit and you're
negotiating a trade deal again somebody
whose economy is on fire you don't want
to be in that room you don't want to be
with the one with the weakening and/or
not great economy negotiating against
the one that's on fire because this
economy has all the leverage you know if
you're up here and the other than your
competitors here will say competitors
wrong wrong word but the person you
negotiating with you can come down to
here and you're still doing great so you
can take a hit that they can't take this
is all of course you know part of the
Trump plan to get the economy as strong
as possible gets you the best possible
negotiating position he's pushing on all
these complicated situations people are
saying hey he doesn't understand trade
or he doesn't know how it works to which
I say no I think he does know how it
works doesn't matter how many you know
that that there are people who know more
about the the inner workings and the
detail what he knows is if you keep
pushing against these things and you
have the strongest position you're
probably gonna get something you know
you're probably not gonna get a worse
deal I mean you could but it seems
unlikely so it's the perfect situation
for a born salesperson slash ago she
ater that he has all the leverage and
he's pushing on all these complicated
deals and that complexity is going to
start working in his favor because if he
keeps things simple and you know he will
he's the president who keeps things
simple he's just gonna keep pushing
until somebody on the other side
says well maybe we could change the
tariff on you know aluminum or something
and then suddenly you've made some money
on aluminum and it was just because they
needed him to shut up so they could get
a deal because their economy needs a
deal our economy needs one too but not
as much so
my filter says that we would be exactly
where we are here pushing against all
these trade deals the other countries
have too much to lose by going rogue
they're going to have to play we need to
play they need to play nobody really
leaves the room in these situations all
right and if they do they're coming back
the other thing my filter says is that
the president will always always always
always always always make a huge first
ask and that gives him room to to
negotiate back if needed and still have
plenty of wind space plenty of space to
win by the way what just happened with
his border plan it seems to me and stop
me if I'm characterizing this
incorrectly that the president made a
much too big
first ask because part of that was
separating children from parents and
having zero tolerance that was too big
of an ask even our country rejected that
all right even Republicans not all of
them of course but many Republicans
rejected that that was such a big ask so
he had room to back off and I don't know
to what extent this was some kind of a
you know plan but if you see the pattern
every time he caves he's caving back to
a stronger position than he started
meaning that he wanted zero tolerance
and he wanted it to go to
and well so he asked for zero tolerance
on top of penalties if you will for
families that just were more than the
public could take or should take what
did he do he caved he he gave them back
something he gave them back something
that he took he took it first and then
he gave it back but he only gave back
half of what he took
because he's keeping the zero tolerance
how does zero tolerance sound today
compared to how it sounded a week ago
just in your mind does zero tolerance
sound as terrible today as it did twenty
four hours ago
well if zero tolerance also means kids
being separated from parents that's
awful
but today once the you know it's gonna
take a few months probably
but once the children and families are
reconnected and that system is working a
little bit better the zero tolerance is
not going to sound as draconian as it
sounded before now I know you're gonna
say wait a minute did you use these
children as pawns probably not probably
not in the sense that he was thinking oh
I'll torture some children because
that'll get me something I don't think
so I don't think it was that simple I
think he just asked for a lot it would
probably didn't have all the mechanisms
in place to take care of the kids but it
created a situation where he could give
something back and still had more than
he started with he got bad advice he got
bad advice and still ended up ahead and
then the other thing as others have
pointed out that the the publicity if
you will about all of this badness is
probably going to discourage immigration
and that was one of the
one of the goals all right let's say a
little bit more about Peter Fonda
beautif under jr. so as you all know by
now Beautif andhe did that terrible
tweet about Barron Trump and at least
one other tweet that was way over the
line and I got some pushback on social
media on Twitter because I said we
should give him a pass but let me
explain what I mean by that he's 78
years old he has a long history of
substance abuse and when I read those
tweets they looked unhinged meaning that
it looked like he was either under the
influence or possibly starting to lose
his faculties a little bit so my take on
it was that there was a medical problem
right III believe that he that his
public outburst was almost certainly
somebody saying I'm trying to justify
his actions yes I'm trying to justify
I'm trying to explain the likely reason
for his actions that his mental
faculties were just not all there so I
don't think you should treat people who
are having some mental issues the same
way you would treat somebody who has all
of their faculties and I think it's a
far more likely explanation that he
didn't have all of his faculties what if
they are all there well then you judge
him differently but yeah he apologized
he's so he's not he's not that bad off
but I would say that the tweet itself
does all the evidence you need that
there's something going on there that's
that's not quite right
and let's sip to that so here's here's
my caution to you when I when I watched
CNN and MSNBC so much of their coverage
is about how people are bad in fact Anna
Navarro is a little al burst what you
really have to say it's great it's great
television where she mocks her fellow
conservative it really is all about the
guy he she wasn't really mocking policy
or you know mocking things it was
personal it was just about the guy and
yeah the pretzel stuff and it seems like
that's what it's turned into it seems
like it's it's about people now so be
careful that you don't become the other
side all right you're watching you're
watching the people who dislike Trump
becoming becoming the worst parts of
what they didn't like about him did that
make sense so the way President Trump
speaks is you know disrespectful and I
would say aggressive language about
various people who are his critics or
political enemies his tone if you will
is what they most object to and instead
of becoming the opposite to create a
contrast between how good people should
act versus how he's acting they simply
became him you know they became that
worst that worse part of what they hate
and if you're looking at this Peter
Fonda thing and you're saying you know
you know F that guy put him in jail
let's let's let's do all kinds of bad
things to him because he said something
that was certainly way over the line
then I think you just you becoming
you're becoming the people that you you
don't
and if you can try to try to rise above
it it's going to be kind of necessary
somebody just asked if I seen the Time
magazine cover magazine let me look at
it
Time magazine oh the child it's a
picture of picture of Trump looking down
on a little child welcome to America
it's well it's pretty good cover I mean
in in terms of what they're trying to
express you artistically in every other
way it's actually a pretty good cover
yeah and so most of you or some of you
heard the the jokes that the president
made at his rally last night in which he
said something to the effect of why why
do we always call the other side the
elite and then the president said I have
a much better apartment than they do I'm
richer than they are I'm smarter than
they are I'm president now you'd have to
hear him deliver it for the the full
humorous effect and the crowd goes wild
and the first time I heard it I actually
laughed out loud because his delivery
was actually kind of perfect but I heard
that same story being reported on MSNBC
and and they acted like it wasn't a joke
it was like that's that's just what's
wrong with him oh how could he how can
he talk like that do you know did they
think it was a joke and then you watch
the audience reaction it's like
perfectly delivered humor the audience
reacts exactly like you would want them
to it was nothing but a joke it was
nothing but a joke but to imagine it was
something else it's funny now did you
notice how much happy hate the
president's critics had when they had
this issue of the the families and the
children there was a hatred / joy there
that was
meaning they were really happy to have
been right all along in their minds oh
my God we're right all along he's he's
he's gearing up the concentration camps
but what did they think today when he
just signed to things say oh yeah I
totally agree with you we shouldn't
break up the families how did they
process that because they they went from
you know we know he's Hitler when he
gets elected he's going to be doing
Hitler things and then you know 500 days
later he hasn't done any good Hitler
stuff so they're like well we're all
disappointed we expected some Hitler
stuff the the I'm talking about his
critics now and then they get this
family separation thing and like finally
finally we get to be right after after
this long desert of being the ones wrong
about all the big stuff we're finally
right that he's gonna you know round
everybody up to his brown and put him in
concentration camps and then he says
I'll sign an executive order and we'll
just ruin let the families cuz that's
important now what do they do well all
of their big complaints of Hitler and
the the Holocaust
he just made go away with one signature
I was like yeah just sign this piece
paper here we go go on what the hell do
they do so they're they're scrambling to
find the new thing to complain about and
in in other stories of ridiculousness
did you see that
Michael avenatti stormy Daniels lawyer
who apparently is not getting any good
airtime these days because you know she
had some own issues with bankruptcy in
his business and some stuff but he sort
of he sort of suddenly disappeared from
I don't even think cNN has him on
anymore so his newest move is he is
going down to the border and volunteered
to give legal advice to
50 families I guess and I thought to
myself that is just I don't know what to
think about that because on one hand and
I totally appreciate the the skill that
he is putting into play
so Michael avenatti no matter what you
want to think of is is ethics or you
know what it whether he's made good
business decisions in the past whether
he's a good person you can have your own
opinions about that and I have my own
opinions but for the moment let's just
talk about his skill level it's pretty
pretty good skill level is high and this
latest move is just hilariously probably
effective in getting him some more
airtime and I suppose that's going to be
good for him you know it seems to be
probably has a future having his own
show on some network so the more
attention he gets the more people will
watch his show the more money he makes
so as as disreputable as some of you
might find him there was a lot of skill
there so what else is happening I'm
seeing the oh one of the attacks I'm
seeing from the Democrats is that the
administration had so many different
explanations for why the children were
being separated in the first place which
by the way is a perfectly good criticism
it is objectively true that the
administration did not have one story
that stayed the same about why things
were the way they were and part of that
is because we don't live in a
one-variable world so Jeff Sessions was
asked about whether or not you know part
of the reason for this would be
deterrent
and Jeff Sessions being the law and
order a guy basically said hey you know
this is my version of it but my version
of it is that you know every time you
tighten the law you're creating a
disincentive to break the law this one
happens to have children involved but
it's a universal truth of any tighten
law that the point of it at least one
point of it it's not the only point but
a point of tightening any law is to
discourage people from breaking it so
when Jeff session says that he's sort of
saying just what laws are and I mean
basically it's just that this is what
all laws are this is why we have any law
at all here's another law but he didn't
say it that way so it gave the pundits
some ammo then there was the keeping the
children safe from predators which is of
course just true you know that one I'm
sure is unambiguously true we don't know
how many predators but does it matter
you know that how many predators would
be you know acceptable zero right and
then I think there were some other
explanations about he couldn't the
president couldn't just change the law
and here's the other funny part so
people kept saying president you can
change the law just sign something I
mean so we did you just signed something
yeah but it's not going to change much
in the short run I don't think but it
should change things in the long run and
that's that's what we hope to see all
right
we should talk about travel or the
meaning of life one of these days maybe
Eric Weinstein is a Weinstein der Steen
explained intellectual dark web and why
they did it yeah I saw that explanation
for the for the label intellectual dark
web that includes people like I guess
like him and Jordan Peterson and I don't
know Stefan on you I don't know who else
is in there I believe I'm not on that
list
I believe I did not make the list of the
intellectual dark web but part of his
explanation was clever in the sense that
by baekje a dark web that sounds a
little negative it took away it took
away the critics ability to put a
negative on it because they started with
a negative sounding name so that you
couldn't worsen it to make fun of it and
I thought well that's actually pretty
clever but long term long term it still
says dark in it so I have a I have a
concern that the short term benefit had
got by getting a lot of attention and it
sort of did do a masterful job of
branding the situation so short term it
was kind of brilliant long term I worry
about that name having you know causing
some bias against it in the long term
it's hard to sort that out it would be
impossible to know which of those is the
more important factor but at this point
it did brand a group of thinkers and
that probably has some immediate value
all right
where's Kanye and all this I think Kanye
is busy with his number one best-selling
album here's somebody just said anyone
agreeing with taking children away from
parents is sick on what universe do you
believe person who said that somebody's
in favor of that I mean what universe
does somebody want to do that if they
have better and better options it's it's
amazing that somebody's going around
with that thought in their head that
some people are in favor of taking
children from their parents you know
some there are some things that have to
be done and there's some things you do
in the short-term that you don't want to
do in the long-term but there's nobody
who wants to do it prisons are a perfect
example nobody wants to do it sometimes
or it's somebody says I'm naive because
there are some people who do want to
remove children from their parents all
right there might be a couple of
Psychopaths but it's not important it's
the fault of I'm gonna add that I'm
starting a list of thinking errors it's
the fault of one variable so I consider
that so somebody here said that it's the
parents fault for bringing them into
this situation and other people are
saying no it's the administration's
fault for having this this process
neither them are thinking neither those
statements are are anything it's just
noise coming out of a mouth because you
need everything that happened for this
to happen you need the parents to bring
him you need the administration to have
this rule you need you know oxygen
you need facilities you need a border
problem you need a United States you
need to Mexico you need this you know
this administration you need all of it
if you take out you know any one of
those variables you don't get this so to
say that one thing is the fault is the
oh well I wanted to complete that
thought the solution and the problem are
not connected so it might be the parents
fault it could be the parents fault that
they bring their kids into a situation
where there's a high likelihood of them
being separated but that doesn't mean
it's the parents solution in other words
that doesn't mean that the solution is
that the parents do something
differently because remember they're
leaving desperate situations and they
have a pretty short set of options so
you take the solution wherever you can
get it you don't say identified the
magical problem and of all these
variables every one of them which seems
to be necessary for this to happen
I found the one part that's the the
fault and therefore that's where the
solution is to well it could be the
fault but it doesn't mean that's where
the solution is
but BOM isn't it a moral of the isn't it
immoral of the parents though how is it
immoral of the parents do you think the
parents want their children to be
separated my guess is that anybody who
comes here is coming from a worse
situation to one that they hope will be
better and that's sort of the end of the
the end of the conversation on that yeah
is it my is it my imagination or is it
getting more physically dangerous to be
a trump supporter is anybody else
feeling that I think I told you that I
stopped doing public appearances so I'll
still do you know media appearances but
I I would not go in public anymore if I
were you know I stopped going to
Berkeley my you know where I where I got
my MBA I was doing a lot of work on
campus and trying to help try to be part
of the community and help the startups
and stuff but once it became unsafe I
had done at that at this point I
actually started getting some requests
for speaking which I didn't have for for
two years but I've started turning them
down I think none of them would have
been completed because once the process
starts there's always somebody on the
client-side who says wait a minute do
you know how dangerous this guy is yeah
we can't have him the audience will
revolt yeah Kirsten or Kristen and is a
Kristen Neilson Secretary of Homeland
Security Department of Homeland Security
she was heckled in a restaurant and I
believe I would have the same risk so
I'm I'm really staying out of the public
that's a dangerous time
all right and I think I'm going to sign
off now and I'm going to talk to you
later bye