it's time for
coffee with Scott Adams and we're gonna
be joined by dr. Shiva here the moment
I'm gonna as soon as he
accepts the invite dr. Shiva you should
be seeing right now a message that that
tells you you can be a guest
and when you do
we've got one person here already well
we're going to start with just
dr. Shiva as soon as you're on here and
we're going to talk about some climates
to climate change stuff in a way you
have not seen before I think
all right
there is not a lot of new news today
there's a little bit news about
apparently AIDS has been cured and the
second patient doctors think but they're
not sure
all right so I'm not seeing
not seeing dr. Shiva yet I know you're
on there
uh-uh you're on so let me just send them
a text you should see a
prompt
to join as guests
so this is a
brand new process today we're trying to
use the brand new and I mean brand new
as of yesterday I think this feature was
active in which I could invite a guest
on at the same time that
make sure we're not having technical
difficulties here
says she's waiting to join alright that
means I can there we are
should be live any moment man oops let
me change my headset
hi Scott I think I'm on
yes you are I'm going to change my
headset so we better sound okay
how's that can you hear me yeah I can
hear you great can you hear me I can
hear you pretty sure they can hear
ya so it just got
it just got its full-form yesterday so
you're the first person I've used with
this version of the release and what it
does is it allows the guest feature
which we have had before but it also
allows the Twitter notification for the
first time those two features work
together so that's brand-new and we're
getting we're testing it now right now
so dr. Shiva I like to ask people to
give their own introduction because that
would allow you to say the things that
are relevant to what we're going to talk
about in the quickest way so could you
for the benefit of those few people who
have not already heard of you
tell them your will say academic and/or
professional background that is relevant
to this discussion
sure Scott so this is dr. Shiva
ayyadurai you know I'm a working
engineer and a scientist my specific
area of training is in system science or
systems biology and we can talk more
about that but I have four degrees from
MIT
my undergraduate degrees in electrical
engineering computer science I have
another degree which came out of a
integration of engineering and believe
it or not graphics which is called
scientific visualization how do you
visualize very complex phenomenon and
that's from the Media Lab a master's and
I also have another master's degree in
mechanical engineering and my thesis was
really understanding very complex wave
propagation and then my PhD is in
biological engineering but specifically
systems biology how do you understand
complex systems
so all right so you're in training sweet
so you're you're a scientist you have
for MIT degrees you're you've got a
medical degree and the only thing we
don't know is are you qualified for the
simultaneous sip
but yeah I am
because we work because we're gonna have
that right now hey everybody grab your
mug your cup your glass your Stein your
tankard your thermos fill it with your
favorite liquid I like coffee and join
me for the simultaneous it
alright now
before we talk about climate change let
me let me set this up a little bit one
of the reasons I love talking to you is
that you have
visibility through lots of different
windows that average people do not
you've seen science through a different
different angles you've you've worked in
different fields so you have a broad and
yet deep understanding of a lot of stuff
that people don't now you're not a
climate scientist but that's not why you
were asked here we want to hear your
argument in a way that's accessible to
through the people who are watching now
the other part of context is I'm neither
a denier on climate nor a believer I am
doing a deep dive which is I'm in a
several month process to try to find out
how worried I should be and what I've
discovered is that both sides are
completely convincing and both sides if
I talk about all the people not anybody
in particular but both sides seem like a
lot of to me meaning that even
if one side is absolutely right there
are certainly a lot of people on both
sides who are trying to sell stuff they
even with my limited knowledge looks
illegitimate on both sides so that's why
I can't decide who's right cuz they both
seem not quite right to me and
so I thought we could get a little
deeper dive and dr. Shiva give us give
us your position on climate change
should it be we be worried does the
science solid where are you on
everything yeah so Scott just to set
this up you know very much like you I
did not jump into this until recently
from a science standpoint and I'll tell
you just for I know you have sort of a
broad view
you have people who take a left position
or a right position and when it comes to
science as Richard Fineman the great
physicist said you know you follow the
scientific method you see something in
nature and you try and explain it so you
typically make a guess of why you think
that's occurring it's a guess and that's
up scientists start and then you attempt
to validate your guests by seeing if
you're
we lost our connection with dr. Shiva so
as soon as his connection comes back we
will
connect him again so I think you just
had a probably a Wi-Fi problem on his
end
let's see there he is back we're
clicking him we're adding a guest
we're inviting him
and
dr. Chiba you're back
when someone calls you I had a call it's
not sorry about that so certainly what
what I was saying was Fineman basically
said you follow the scientific method
which is you you abuse e something in
nature you think something's going on
you make a guess you then take your
guess and you validate it by experiments
and if the experiments match then you
say yes this is matching and I have
something here if it doesn't doesn't
matter whether you look great whether
you have or you don't look great whether
you say weird things like you know
co2 and demonization it doesn't matter
what the issue is if the data matches
then you actually have something that's
true and evidence to be even more
specific is the unambiguous
repetition of predictions okay all right
so this let's apply that to climate
change have the climate scientists made
their case under those standards they
haven't they haven't and and the other
thing is there is no thing called
climate science this is a made-up field
that has come up it really is we need to
talk about this because
and there's two phenomenon here that we
need to understand before we
dive into this is there's climate and
then there's weather and the media has
been very very clever at
conflated weather to be climate and
confusing both climate and weather are
very different things and the best thing
I can the analogy I can give Scott is
you take your body your body has an
equilibrium it's a natural system your
temperatures around 90 you point to on
any particular day your temperature may
vary right up and down based on you may
have a fever you may have a cold etc but
overall you have this equilibrium call
your body's temperature so that
equilibrium mode which is a much larger
scale of time is called let's say
quote-unquote climate the changes that
occur from time to time or weather now
would you agree would you agree with me
that both the skeptics as a group and
the climate scientists as a group make
exactly the same Wiesel move which is
they look outside and if the weather
happens to agree with their larger
theory of that day they'll make a claims
like oh it's extra cold today or worse
extra warm but don't both sides do that
well yeah I mean I saw one of your
videos Scott where he talked about
Heller doing that thing with the 98
degree I think the 90 degrees and he
said he was going down so here's a
problem with this field right either so
you really have four types of people in
this field right now or five one is you
have serious scientists like a hopper
like a dick lens and in my opinion who
are physicists who have spent their
lives understanding for example of karma
co2 emits and absorbs radiation these
are not simple equations so you have
serious scientists the other extreme you
have the news media who loves news who
loves to conflate things because they
sell advertising and then you have two
other very interesting groups you have
celebrities politicians and nonprofit
organizations on one hand and then you
have what I call
look so it looks like you got another
call coming in so as soon as he clears
that it'll be back with us
various
and Activa back
yeah
to use this word but it's almost
academics versus scientists and
academics have been brought into the
frame including at places like MIT where
if you say anything
against the narrative about climate
change your grants will get Oh
your grants will get cut and there's two
billion dollars now open for impacts on
climate change so what you have is you
you have serious physicists serious
chemists serious astro physicist guys on
one hand and then the last group which I
call the fifth group is a common man
which cannot rationalize things so they
actually look at the facts based on non
rationalization so what's happened in
what I call among the educated idiot
group of the plague scientist is this is
what's going on
see snow as linson talks about it talked
about this if you go to a group of
people today and you ask him can you
people with degrees can you tell me the
second law of thermodynamics most of
them can't can you tell me the
difference between mass and acceleration
most of them can't but those two
questions are similar to have you read
Shakespeare in the humanities or do you
know how to read so what we are creating
now is a whole strata of people who are
essentially taught in the College
atmosphere to pleased professors and
except if you told them the earth is
flat they'd probably accept it because
they get it a for it so I want to give
this back-end milieu on what's actually
going on there are these five groups of
people so when when a guy like will
happen William Hopper serious scientists
at Princeton in fact one of the slides I
sent you in fact in the 80s when he was
getting into this field he actually did
his own climate models and he predicted
also a warming and then he later said
you know these models are too
complicated my models were way off and I
think one of the graphs I say how's that
by the way I didn't get those graphs
it's a PowerPoint I sent you I emailed
it here but so you have serious sizes
like William Hopper who spent their
lives understanding how this process
works and I've also admitted that it's
too difficult now let's go to the from a
systems perspective Scott that's what I
really wanted to share with your
audience in you today let's step back
because you say I think your rightful e
saying there's sort of a two groups here
the skeptics and the quote-unquote
deniers right and I want to put double
quotes around deniers because it has a
lot of subtext there and gravitas
they're almost related to Holocaust
deniers and these terms are very very
specifically chosen but if you step back
and you just look at it very simply and
I and I think we can do what's called
basic bookkeeping
if the the Sun Scott is a big radiation
machine it's about six thousand degrees
and it puts out radiation that hits the
earth about 340 and by the way what I'm
sharing right now there's no controversy
on this everyone agrees on both sides so
to just simply level set the Sun puts at
around 340
watts per meter squared of energy so
just think about the number 340 hits the
earth well let's for the benefit of the
general audience who won't be able to
follow at that level can you give us the
idiots version the idiots for the
idiot's version is this all natural
systems in the world your body and the
earth have a have a principle called
equilibrium they do things to maintain
their equilibrium which means changes
take place but they know how to adjust
themselves to maintain equilibrium this
is a process so in this case the earth
the Sun is putting out a certain amount
of sunlight and the earth wants to
maintain its temperature at 15 degrees
centigrade okay 15 degrees which is the
average global mean temperature very
different than the temperature what's
occurring today are in the winter that's
whether we're talking about the global
mean temperatures degrees so the earth
if you believe in natural systems which
is what we live in it tries to maintain
that equilibrium Scott so the the Sun
hits it certain amount of energy comes
in certain amount of energies reflected
around 200 watts per meters always
maintained in order to do that the earth
I mean emitted back
the earth has to maintain 288 degrees
Kelvin or 15 degrees so just think about
know now doesn't that balance require
that there are certain variables that
always stay the same and if if any of
those variables changed you would no
longer have equilibrium right well it's
a good question so this is where it gets
into it it's a it's I'm a systems guy
and systems have multiple inputs
multiple outputs okay and it's a complex
interaction of multiple inputs working
in a very dynamic system again if you
look at the earth and this if you really
want if we go into it there's the
atmosphere and then the oceans to what
are called in fluid mechanics
if you take a complex you know graduate
course it's called two turbulent fluid
but the bottom line there's multiple
variable sky and what the intelligence
of natural systems are is they know how
to feed back now wait wait wait wait I
think wait I think you lost you lost
everybody on that why should we assume
that natural variables have intelligence
well what what would make us believe
that even if things got out of whack
they should trend back to being in
balance yet what logic is are for that
great question so
Nature
has you know this is a this is a very
deep question right
thermodynamics has to do a lot with this
the second law of thermodynamics but
when you take very complex system small
and large the reason they exist
is they have to have feedback and they
they try to maintain equilibrium so for
example your body if you said that it
has to only maintain ninety-eight point
two degrees at every point if it went to
ninety point three you're gonna blow up
or if you'd freeze so natural systems
have a property called resilience that's
why evolution if you believe in that
that's why we exist right now you and I
are talking and we exist because natural
systems are able to handle variations
and maintain an equilibrium over a time
scale this is there are so so is the
bottom line that we could add lots of
co2 you it would create create a
greenhouse effect it would create
warming in the short run but there would
be some kind of balancing thing that
naturally and
unpredictably happens it right so this
is what's so when they do these climate
models the climate models are based on
the assumption as co2 increases the
average temperature of the earth earth
is going to increase when they do those
models gone they did not the way they
calculated the feedback left out a very
important factor called clouds okay so
as co2 increases cloud they are you way
are you telling me the climate
scientists the people who study climate
forgot to consider clouds well
specifically they the esta they did a
very very crude highly crude
approximation of clouds highly crude so
their models were fundamentally based on
a positive feedback system which means
you add more co2 the delta T and
temperature keeps increasing dick limbs
and in 2000 he published a very very
important paper called the iris effect
which said that as co2 as greenhouse
gases increase that the earth has a very
interesting modulating factor where
cirrus clouds will get shorter smaller
or larger or thinner or thinner or
thicker to release infrared radiation
growing now a case in point of this was
this and when dick published that in a
very eminent journal
subsequently the editor was fired okay
now let me make sure I understand this
yeah so so the idea is that the climate
scientists did they model clouds but
they did it incorrectly because they
imagined that the clouds would continue
doing what the clouds always do but in
fact the clouds will change their shape
with the heat and no longer do what
clouds used to do because there will be
a different kind of cloud as what
Emperor goes out this cirrus clouds the
cirrus clouds are literally like a tire
so if co2 levels or some phenomenon
takes place to increase the infrared
radiation to emit it or to store it the
cirrus clouds change their shape to put
it simply like the iris in your eye this
was something that linden published in
2002 people attacked him the editor was
fired linson wrote back a report
rebuttal and it's since been verified
the iris effect so what that shows is
that the earth has a way to modulate
through negative feedback now let me it
gets even though right well hold on so
so have we already seen the module
modulation or is it predicted that if it
gets a little bit warmer that will kick
in
well you know the the cirrus cloud what
what I'm saying is this feedback system
is constantly taking place in fact if
you look at that you could argue that
the climate scientists - you're
in one of the graphs I sent you said
that the earth's temperature was going
to continue increasing right
this this is in their own thing and this
is by the way from from the IPCC but
they had predicted that the temperature
would keep increasing in fact starting
around - it would continue to grow from
1980 all the way up but if you see
around 2003 it's gotten flat okay hold
on hold on every time you have a fact I
might need to jump in just so we don't
go far past that's the fact my
understanding is that the climate
scientists say they're anything less
than maybe a 17 year period is
meaningless in terms of that could just
be noise but that any 17 year period
they violated the trend would not be
meaningful is that not the the
scientific review well the scientific
view is that these models can't predict
over a long range I think there's a
general consensus on that
somebody was saying 35 years so I've
seen two things I've seen that any any
any small change within a 30 year period
may not be long enough to even know
anything do you have a sense of well
whether that's meaningful or not yeah I
can just go by the current data that's
out there Scott these models are highly
variable because of the dynamics but if
this is the data so if you look from 9th
and in the 60s starting in 50s to 1975
the temperature was actually going down
okay people are predicting a global
cooling was going to take place starting
from night now well hold on the hold on
the the climate scientists would say
that's just not true they would say that
that the the warming has happened
consistently the entire period isn't
that their claim no no this is this is
from IPCC so if you look from or this is
actual data if you look from 1950s to
1975 if you remember when I was in the
70s people were saying the earth could
be going into a cooling phase then
starting around 1975 the temperature of
the earth started rising and all
throughout this period by the way co2
levels are increasing but starting
around 2002 it's been flat the point is
climate change
the earth is consistent you know
constantly varying there are positive
things that
hold on dr. human so I'm looking at a
site called
skeptical science which I have not which
I I have no reason to believe that
anything on this site is accurate but
what it does is it lists the skeptical
arguments and then gives the scientific
counterpoint but I'm looking at their
graph right here it goes from let's see
before the 70s through to the 2000s and
it shows that every mate every type of
measurement is steadily up from ocean
heat to land plus ice to atmosphere so
the the scientific claim that I'm
looking at
is that the temperature has consistently
gone up I mean it's got some Jags so
they're little periods where it goes
down but it's pretty much up since 90
right but look at started around 2002 to
today Scott it's flat - the temperature
global mean temperature you see people
are confusing hold on yeah but so we
have to have a standard matter of fact
I'm looking at what is reportedly the
scientific opinion which is that it's
going up so that so as a point of fact
there's a disagreement there there's a
disagreement so we're talking about the
temperature variation to be very
specific what people are talking about
is a the delta T which is a temperature
variation from the mean
delta T this is the measurement that is
used in all of the models so if you
looked at the math of it there's a big
model that's calculating the change in
temperature from the global mean and
they have a big formula that they used
to calculate it we can get into it but
it's a the delta T that delta T
temperature that the change from the
global mean it has been flat for the
last over decade well that I I don't
understand we're out why I can't just
may measure the temperature itself and
if it's going up sharply that's what
that confirms the theory doesn't and and
they would say we measured it 50
different ways every single way we
measure it we get the same result that
would be the scientific view right right
they measure global mean temperature the
Delta change from that has been flat for
the last 15 years but what I don't
understand at that point would it can
can you address my point which is if the
temperature the just the regular
temperature is going up according to a
sharper curve than ever before and it
matches co2 why do I need to be
measuring some Delta Delta
what is the units of that temperature
change
the units I assume would be degrees
magnitude since the end of the last ice
age the little ice age the temperatures
gone up by one degree that was when
thawing took place well but is it true
is it true that the rate of increase for
let's say the last 50 years that there
is a definite a very sharp increase in
the rate that is unprecedented is is
very unprecedented rate of increase
that's that's not true that's the big
lie it's false let me let me jump in
before you say that so I'm on The
Skeptical site which I'll just mentioned
and I was looking for some arguments
that maybe would come up so I would know
what the scientists say and the the
primary the central argument of climate
scientists is that the not just that the
temperature is getting higher which
would not mean that much because
temperature has changed over time but
that the rate is is greatly increasing
and so when I look at their argument
that says somebody will say well the
temperature is not really increasing and
then I look at these skeptical sites
answer to that it'll say yes we've
measured it a whole bunch of different
ways we've measured it from satellites
we've measured the ocean we've measured
the land and and we've looked at proxies
and no matter what we look at it's
always getting warmer and I say hold on
hold on you just changed the argument I
was asking you about the rate of
increase that's the theory right right
so why is it what why let me finish the
point yeah but why is it that your best
argument on the scientific side ignores
your central argument you just said it's
the rate what show me how the rate is
going up and then you look at the
argument and it ignores rate and says
look it's going up so to me that's a
perfect example of how even if it's true
even if it's true that the climate
scientists are completely right that co2
is driving temperature it's going up
that is presented as a lie in other
words it's presented in a form of
communication that a reasonable would
have to say well it looks like you're
trying to fool me because you just
changed the argument your central
argument is rate of increase and when
you defend the temperature you leave out
rate of increase that looks like just a
fraud number one yes the graph I sent
you Scott that's precisely what it has
basic calculus the rate what you just
said is the derivative is a change in
temperature over time so if it's if you
have a slope which is a angled line then
you have a rate of increase or if it's
going down the other way of a rate of
decrease when it's flat it's zero so the
rate of increase of temperature since
2002 has been flat and
now I saw well hold on yep hold on but
would you agree that the climate
scientists would say that is not
meaningful because that's a short period
of time
well think
this is what this is where we're moving
into a space where all of this is
governed by models everything that
they're talking about is governed by
models and
models climate occurs on a large time
scale weather occurs on much shorter
time scales so this is a very malicious
scientific thing that these guys are
doing there they are absolutely
confusing climate with weather let me
give you an example of this
2.5 billion years ago we had what was
called a faint son Carl Sagan you know
the astronomer there is it very
interesting paradox the son was a new
son so 2.5 billion years ago the amount
of heat the son was putting out was was
30% less guy so if it's 30% less what
would you think the earth's temperature
would be 2.5 billion years ago
2.5 billion years 30% less son I'm here
to say I have no idea it's probably not
30% less
I would say that there are more
variables than the the Sun and so it
depend on the composition of the
atmosphere at the time
exactly so so what happened was when
this phenomenon came out that 2.5
billion years ago the Sun was putting
out 30% less heat
people found something fascinating the
the temperature of their worth earth was
around the same around 15 degrees
centigrade 2.5 billion years ago so how
is that possible how could it be were
getting 30% less it was called the faint
Sun paradox pointed out by Carl Sagan
that 2.5 billion years ago the Sun is
putting out 30% less energy but we have
the same temperatures we have today 15
degrees so a cottage industry as Vic
Lynton points out was created by a bunch
of scientists saying Oh must be the
greenhouse gases right because the
greenhouse gases must be the things that
are keeping that energy here to maintain
you know that umbrella around us to keep
it at 15 degrees and people propose all
sorts of things lots of papers came out
in fact Carl Sagan said it must be more
ammonia all of this was disproven but
what they did find out it was the cirrus
clouds the iris effect at that time 2.5
billion years ago we had a thicker
cirrus cloud cover how yep you have to
tell me how certain are we that the
cirrus clouds 1.5 billion years ago I
had an iris effect that feels like
something we couldn't possibly know well
well there's a set of calculations that
were performed and those calculations
you know science goes like this you
start with a guess you do your
hypothesis and you iterate when Dick
Linden put out that paper it was refuted
but people can look it up but the iris
effect consistently now that effect has
been shown repeatedly in experiments to
exist and in fact exist today and it
likely existed at that point but so in
other words experiments today show us
that that's probably what was happening
in the past but we we don't have direct
evidence well
we don't have totally we do know that
the level of greenhouse gases that would
have had to exist to maintain that
temperature are nearly impossible
okay okay so so the point is greenhouse
gases are always being pointed out in
the climate change argument as the
fundamental
demon as happer said co2 is a demonic
Satan here or one of the that they are
the modulator of the Earth's surface
temperature when it turns out water
vapor and clouds have far more effect
and in the body of research that
research and the findings of that have
been diminished and that is a very very
important piece because that is a
feedback system that the earth offers to
modulate the surface temperature of the
earth now there's a question coming in
that we should we should address as
somebody asked are you associated with
any oil companies the answer is no right
no in fact just to point that person
remember when monster you know when when
I published a series of six papers using
systems biology methods and I expose
that that there are no
essentially safety standards for GMOs
all the people on the Left loved me okay
and they said are you working with all
the green companies so I have no
interest in oil companies in fact the
oil company Scott loved this because my
PS change their logo it makes them look
like they're green so there's a bigger
picture here no I don't have any
interest in oil companies I don't have
no no you do you do have a connection
with Richard Lin's in though the famous
skeptical climate scientists well I
think there are three terms don't take
this the wrong way Scott that are wrong
skeptical climate scientist he's dick
does not claim to be a climate scientist
it is a serious applied mathematician of
physicists I'm saying this term climate
science has been created because once
the Gore's and the Clinton created this
and we can talk about this in detail
well don't let it I don't get too far
from that but you have a personal
relationship with one of the most famous
voices on this topic so what happened
was when I started I was saying wow
climate change does take place but do we
have extreme we have the article I smell
so I actually reached out to Dickinson
he's a professor at MIT I wrote to him
and dick got back to me and dick gave me
a body of work a lot of science a lot of
math that I had to go through to come to
my own conclusions that there's climate
there's weather climate does change but
the co2 effect on the increase in
temperature
is there's no scientific evidence for it
at all period
so in fact one of the charts that I sent
you Scott it this is probably one of the
most important ones dick shared with me
there are 20 different models because
one of the big things we've been told is
that the polar bears are gonna die off
that the Arctic ice caps are gonna melt
I'm sure you've seen this right yes what
the IPCC they're working group of 250
scientists across the world has nearly
21 different models for predicting the
Arctic ice heat decay and if you look at
that one diagram that I sent you I think
it's up slide 6
there are there are literally 20
different models some predicting there
will be no ice left and others
predicting there will be all the ice
left there so here's one of these models
I've got your slides but they're
trying to find what I need well yeah
it's it's the one it's a colorful one
it's it's it's not the
this one yes no no no the next one the
next one it's got bunch of graphs on it
bunch of graphs on it
nope not that one the one that has
goes from the year 2000 to 2100 and it
has NIH ice extent
that must be the one that fell on the
floor hold on okay okay so what while
Scott's coming so what you see is these
are mathematical models that are done
predict why meant
multiple variables are involved in
predicting so remember the three things
that the climate
alarmists says that the ice sheets are
gonna melt we're gonna have temper to
extremes and the oceans are rising these
are the three big things so I want to
take each one Scott and just share with
you some facts on them let's let's so
we're gonna talk about ocean rising
first no no let's talk about the I seat
which is that graph sheet yeah
my printer died lost paper I'm just I'm
just gonna grab a piece of paper and
throw it in there hold on yeah
[Applause]
so take your time Scott so this so if
you look from to that when Scott gets if
you go from the year 2000
these models were created to say what
percentage of the Arctic ice sheet would
be less Scott that's what these are
looking at okay okay and
this is slide six by the way slide five
and six and this was done by Eisenman
that comes up all right I don't have
anything like that in what you sent me
but let's let's try to
proceed without it okay it's the one
before the earth that the earth coming
and and graphs coming the Sun hitting
and then red stuff going back but
look at that paper it literally has 20
lines on it's got 20 different
predictions
evidence from the scientific perspective
is unambiguous predictions unambiguous
here you have 20 different predictions
of ice melting from 0 to 100 so how can
you say that's evidence it's not there's
no evidence that the Arctic ice sheets
are gonna melt and be gone by 2100 which
is what the alarmists are saying but
threes evidence there is evidence that
the ice has been consistently melting in
current years is that not true well okay
so so here's the ice melts and it also
grows and now we can talk about science
you know there's been some very
interesting science done all the way
from the 20s and 30s show the orbit of
the earth
affects the ice growth in some cyclical
form which creates insulation in the
Arctic and that process creates a
temperature differential from the Arctic
to the tropics which grows where ice
grows and it recedes this is a natural
phenomenon that's been going on for you
know millennia but what I'm trying to
say is let's focus in on the climate
change alarmists they have no model that
consistently shows because evidence is
unambiguous predictions that is science
if we want to do so it's unambiguous
predictions you have 20 different models
which are all predicting varying amounts
of ice from zero to hundred percent it's
just
look yeah let me
take that point but of all the things
that they measure so they're measuring
land temperatures
you know ocean temperatures measuring
sea level and the measuring ice of all
of those things I've always thought
measuring the ice might be the
sketchiest because I'm they're just not
sure that they can do that
even though they can see it from space
how deep is it you know et cetera but
what what would you consider the gold
standard of things that we do have a
good way to measure that if that one
thing changed you'd say okay there is
climate change in other words would you
Bank everything on sea level would you
Bank everything on ocean temperature or
tropospheric temperature because we can
maybe we can measure that with greater
precision with our satellites what would
be your your most
reliable one thing that you would bet it
all on if you could put a model on that
and say okay if your model can can
predict this whether it's sea level or
ice I will change my mind what would it
be
okay first of all you know the climate
alarmists have
have created a platform which is not
even based on science by taking a multi
dimensional systems problem and say that
you've measured by one variable called
co2 it is basically not even science but
if you were to ask me it would be the
you know surface temperature of the
earth the global mean temperature of the
earth okay but overall hold on but but
but the global mean temperature of the
earth
my understanding is that ninety percent
of the warming goes into the into the
poles and and into the into the water so
would you really get what you need if
you're only measuring land temperatures
and do we have enough my understanding
is the only place we have good long term
measurements is the United States and
there's some thinking that the United
States may not have been in a place
where there was a lot of warming in the
first place you know because it's going
to be in the poles and in the ocean so
I'm unconvinced that measuring land
temperatures would be the gold standard
but do you think it is well what so what
I'm saying Scott is you can't measure
one thinks you're asking me a question
to reduce a a multi-dimensional prompt
to one variable
but what I can tell you is that we are
starting to with satellite data we're
starting to be able to measure the
radiative
the rate the radiation that's being
emitted across different parts of the
globe the emission of radiation is of a
value that we should be measuring the
radiative forcing it's it's a it's a
it's a term that is a little bit
difficult to explain but what I'm trying
to say is that reducing this entire
problem to co2 and reducing this entire
problem to sink co2 and this delta T is
everything is is is how the climate
science in distributed climate change
industry has started
but let me ask you this
if it's true that the temperature is
rising and the only thing that we can
measure that's changing at the same rate
is the co2 does that tell you everything
you need because nothing else is
changing at least changing at a rate
that would make a difference to our
occur temperatures is that what's wrong
with that logic
this isn't true a party's not true well
for example I'll give you an effect what
is the cirrus cloud thickness as these
things change over time are we measuring
that for example
there's a modulation taking place
constantly the the big picture here is
we are sitting here as human beings with
about a hundred year lifespan and wait
hold on yeah hold on so the on the cloud
thing if but the temperatures are only
going in one direction and
and the only thing that's also going in
in a you know substantially changed
direction is co2 the clouds as far as we
know unless you can tell me that we've
measured this the clouds are not having
an effect of moderating because the
temperature continues to go up doesn't
that prove the month that the clouds are
not modulating the temperatures we don't
see them doing what I'm saying there's a
couple assumptions here the temperature
has gone up one degree over the last 200
years which was the thawing of the last
ice the Little Ice Age let's just this
is this is something that people will
not you know contest the temperature
that has that they claim has gone up the
delta T over the last 15 years the rate
of change of temperature has been stable
it's been zero
delta T over time so the rate of change
0 how does that square with a graph that
goes like this are you saying that that
graph is not well you know whenever you
see a hockey stick curve let's start
looking at the units and let's start
looking at the error bars on that and if
you look at the units on that I believe
it's like 0.2 0.3 these are predictions
and the error bars on that are you know
unknown you know meaning that they're
very very high error bars it's even the
IPCC if you look at the IPCC report I
sent you Scott of the big working group
of 250 scientists it's a very important
report
because it pretty much
exposes the entire do you have it there
Scott I send it to you about
what I have is
not useful
so
the inter panel everyone knows the IPCC
is right what they are right yeah they I
think everybody here knows what the IP
right so I places because when you bring
when you so the IPCC the the last major
report not the one that just came out a
couple years ago but the major one 250
scientists this is a conclusion and this
is buried in the report it says there is
no evidence and no consensus to support
claims of imminent pilot catastrophes or
irreversible tipping points - there are
indeed a 15-year hiatus in global
warming from 1998 to 2013 and the
climate models all failed to predict and
overshot warming so bad they had to be
disregarded three both IPCC and NOAA
agree there was and is no trend of
increasing severity or frequency of
hurricanes or typhoons or even
thunderstorms in the 20th and 21st
century for the previous IPCC report in
2007 was wrong there is no evidence or
likelihood that man's release of co2 or
any other behaviors doing anything to
cause more droughts
5 the overall I mean it keeps going when
this report came out and the same kind
of report came out in 1999 shortly
before Al Gore did Inconvenient Truth by
the way in the cover of that book in the
inside cover he's got tornadoes going
the wrong way hurricanes going the wrong
way photoshopped so what I'm trying to
say is every time the IPCC actually
brings in more scientists they actually
say this is all rubbish from a science
standpoint and what happens is the other
people react to start the PR machine
even when this report came out stat they
released a one-page press release done
by the media we're in a situation in
this country where people do not
understand
they do not understand math and they're
being bamboozled this whole thing is
nonsense there the relationship between
co2 and
delta T is
so nominal let me give you if you
actually look at the numbers doubling
co2 and both sides agree to this will
only change the the radiative forcing
by 3 watts per meter squared now when
you use their models it says that that
Earth's temperatures are going to go up
by 4 degrees but if you use their model
they did not include the feedback system
accurately of clouds so I'll repeat
again everyone agrees that it if co2
doubles and it's a logarithmic scale for
every time it doubles the amount of
radiative forcing which we will have
additional will be 3.7 watts per meter
squared which is about 2% Scott
additional ok that addition using their
climate models will increase the
temperature by three point seven degrees
we haven't even witnessed that it's
kameen this is going back to basic
science we have not witnessed that at
all what what specifically have we not
witnessed the radiation forcings of the
temperature well well you know happer is
if there is a climate expert in the
world it's it's William Hopper because
he has spent his life understanding how
co2 vibrates to keep it simple how it
emits and absorbs radiation and what we
do know is if you double co2
doubling co2 it will increase the
radiative forcing you know that oaked
which means you're adding another 3.7
watts per meter imagine if the Sun sent
us more sunlight to keep it simple by
another 3.7 so how much does that
increase temperature according to the
climate alarmists models that 3.7 is
going to increase temperature by it
close to 3 3 degrees 3 to 4 degrees ok
and we should have seen that already we
haven't seen that yeah we've double co2
we have double co2 we don't see a 4
degree in recent temperature so is that
but but is that but is that is that for
every every place on the curves that the
Dublin because I would imagine doubling
what we have now would be a bigger
effect than W it's a logarithmic scale
logarithms for every doubling you get
the same Delta increase so if you if you
went from 200 parts by the way if you go
from by the way do you know what happens
when you have 130 parts per million or
less of co2 do you know what happens
right of course I do know I really know
what happens well we don't have we die
okay we need co2 oh yeah okay okay I do
know that yes that's the so if you went
from 200 parts per million to 400 which
we've doubled it that doubling will
increase a radiative forcing by 3.7
watts per meter there models predict
that that will therefore increase
temperature by 4 degrees
we have already gone through that
doubling we've maybe had a half a degree
increase maybe
okay so now if we double again this is
what the alarmists are saying go from
400 to 800 oh my god we're gonna see an
8 degree right it's not happening I'm
saying we go to basic science their
predictions are not being revealed in
the actual data even happer has had his
models and he if you see that one graph
he says this is what I predicted but the
earth is pretty much maintaining its
delta T it's pretty much maintaining
that 15 degrees man in their models they
purposefully
did not include the effect of the cirrus
clouds which have an iris effect so
you're looking at people who are frankly
doing bogus science they do not
understand equilibrium they do not
understand feedback and they're leaving
out variables and moreover their own
models are predicting for degree
increases which have not taken place and
based around this false science we have
now created an environment where if you
in academia if you say anything against
this I mean I live up here in Cambridge
you know I got three professors who live
around me two MIT guys one Harvard guy
they all get funding forget climates
science at MIT if you say anything
you're gonna be screwed and
there's a bigger issue going on you're
Scott is 97% agree well you know this is
nonsense because what's disgraceful is
these scientists who know fluid
mechanics who know turbulent physics
they're keeping mum because research has
become an industry that's what's really
happened since the 1914 1960 the
Mansfield Act was passed which said
military could no longer support science
except for weaponry so the entire
scientific field was based on the
National Science Foundation and
bureaucrats so all of scientific
research grants come from one body so
what you have now is when climate
science quote-unquote climate science
took place two billion dollars got
released you go the MIT Sloan School you
put anything climate science you're
gonna get funded when
so so we're looking at a deeper issue
here because even the IPCC I mean 2013
report the biggest working group it even
says only seventeen out of the nine
hundred eighty eight nine hundred eighty
thousand glaciers in the world have
records of thirty years or more and
those that are receding we're doing so
end of the Little Ice Age ice sheets of
both Greenland and Antarctica are
growing and slowing the rate of sea
level rise this is even more important
sea level rise is less than three
millimeters per year far slower than the
peak of forty millimeters per year
several thousand years ago even the IPCC
people go read the report admits this
whole thing is nonsense the whole thing
is nonsense and to end now I think
everybody watching this agrees that
money influences things and so there
there should be a predictable bias in
the science have you talked to anybody
besides Lyndon have you talked to
anybody who's actually gone and got some
climate funding who actually didn't
believe their own story in other words
have you met anybody in person who's
who's in the climate science world even
if that's the wrong name for it who will
admit to you yeah I don't even leave
what I'm doing but I need this this
money have you run into anything like
that
well let me just reiterate your
questions I get your asking you have I
run into people who did not believe
climate change was taking place and then
they later agreed is that you're saying
it's got people who were who didn't
necessarily believe in climate change
but knew that's where the money was so
they pretended that they did
go look at the MIT Sloan School how many
people have applied for grants in
poverty in anything you put you put
climate science on its gonna get funded
pretty much MIT gets twenty to forty
million dollars a year that's the reason
when linson wrote his article his paper
to trump they try to denounce him and
later dick said they apologize to him
also okay this is a number one
university in the world but that we are
supposed to believe in and what's
happened is that research funding and
Eisenhower talked about this he said
when you start giving grants to people
that's when you get mediocre science so
what we've done is academia is different
than science academics do not the thing
is you follow the party line you do not
shake the boat scientists do that Lyndon
is a scientist most of the people at MIT
and other institutions are academics and
I hate to say this about my alma mater
but it's disgraceful what's taking place
in this country we do not have science
taking place anymore by and large we
have belief I mean the fact that you
call it climate denier Scott think about
it Holocaust denier this is a religion
and the fact that when will happen let's
have a debate bringing both sides he's
attacked he's demonized I think I think
you pointed this out we should have an
open debate it should be completely
televised like you know the hearings
completely and to end these guys do not
want to have a debate on this because
their science is so thin it's based on
Al Gore who is putting pictures of
hurricanes going the wrong direction
now their argument would be let's say if
you were a holocaust denier and they
believed in the Holocaust because
they're real historians why would they
why would they grant such illegitimate
views you know a platform so that's not
crazy as a story whether it's true or
not true that you at least their
coverage story if that's what it is is
solid which is you would not grant a
platform to people who are not serious
you know that players so how do we who
don't know science know that that that's
not a good argument because they would
be giving a platform to well let me put
it another way there are lots of
different people who have skeptical
views on climate science they are not
all as persuasive as you are would you
agree that the people who are
skeptical of the of the climate
emergency would you say that there are
so many people who are not serious
players that if you picked the wrong
people it would just be a circus yes I
see you're saying yeah I think you're
bringing up a good point look what's
happened is it's it's a it's a very deep
point you bring up you have a set of
people by the way fifty percent of
people you could argue voted for Donald
Trump don't believe in climate change
okay or I'm not gonna say climate change
or climate alarmism okay okay majority
of those people Scott if you look at
them are orden everyday ordinary people
who have not been indoctrinated into the
process called rationalizing fortunately
they still have common sense this is a
very very important point dick and I had
an interesting conversation about what
you have now is a university system is
creating people who rationalize stuff
because you get grades you get advanced
by agreeing to things the person who
does plumbing the person to does
electricity the person to build software
you know you're running a software
company right Scott if it doesn't work
you can't your way out of that
I'm sorry it doesn't work it doesn't
work it doesn't work you can't have an
opinion on it we have a lot of people
now who are getting degrees like Acacio
cortez in international relations who
knows doesn't probably know how to solve
a differential equation probably doesn't
know the difference between rate of
change and the second derivative etc
these people
horribly are involved in promoting
policies and ideas which make no
scientific and physical sense so what
you're talking about is in reaction to
that are the climate spec skeptics a lot
of people I'm sure who in their gut
knows something doesn't make sense now
obviously choosing some of one of them
to argue with the climate alarmists
would be devastating right you need
people who understand science like
myself or like a guy like tapper and a
guy like Lyndon and others to be the
people who are but more importantly I'm
saying if you actually bring people
together actually scientists and you put
them into a room whether they're for or
against climate change the the data is
so overwhelmingly showing this is
nonsense that's why it's so horrible
that scientists are keeping mum because
they are afraid of going against her
religion Scott this is no different than
something out of the scarlet Nathaniel
Hawthorne scar scarlet letter now that's
what's what are some good examples
you're probably more of a student of
scientific history than I am I know
examples such as nutrition science the
the consensus was pretty solidly in the
wrong for decades
I've heard the example of scientists
thought that or I guess medical science
thought that ulcers were caused by
stress and that turned out not to be
true can you think of any other what
would be the closest example
where the scientists were this wrong in
your opinion
historically well in some other topic
for tobacco for 50 years scientists said
smoking was fine dentists would say it
was good it was seen as a cure for
asthma I mean these were the ads right
no no seriously I mean many years ago as
a meeting with Noam Chomsky on something
else no one said you got to read this
book by Robert Proctor is called a
golden Holocaust and that book clearly
shows how a cadet Domitian's colluded
with big tobacco to say smoking was good
for you think about it by the way we
should do at some point we should follow
up the same phenomenons going on with
cannabis alex Berenson has written a
great book on it I'm finishing up some
research showing this same lemming model
is taking place I think what climate
change of the climate alarmism
discussion is revealing SCOTUS we live
at a point in human history now where
politicians cannot even understand this
because they don't even know how to
refute it you know I'm gonna be running
in 2020 against a guy called Mark II I
mean think about this this guy standing
next to a OSE promoting the green New
Deal this is nothing to do with lowering
pollution this has nothing to do with
anything to understand science and yet
he's representing Massachusetts this is
about one thing money period and it's
that simple it's about researchers
wanting to get their 2 billion dollars
so they could get tenure and they can
proceed along their path but it has
nothing to do with it looking at the
fundamentals of what's taking place I
mean if you look at the history of the
Scott Maggie Thatcher if you go to the
80s and 90s was against the coal miners
remember that all right party olof palme
a wanted nuclear power right a Maurice
Gordon I think it's his name I forget
his name the guy who did the food for
science program do you know I'm talking
about no he's the one who started the
real conference this guy's absolute
criminal they set up Rio and they had
two groups at Rio conference in 1992 one
was the partiers the Congress of people
you know the al gore's and the
politicians who no no science and a
representative the IPCC group the net of
it was they created propaganda in 1999
the IPCC said wait a minute none of this
is taking place that's when Al Gore gets
concerned he puts that Inconvenient
Truth in 2000 and he goes on a lecture
tour made about a hundred million
dollars every time the IPCC which is
their own group which is create created
to create climate alarmism and the
scientists get together they go against
a narrative they go back on a massive PR
thing that's what this green new deal is
out it is a reaction to the 2013 entire
working group report is that the entire
thing is nonsense dude do you have an
opinion on the generation for nuclear as
a solution to whether you believe in
climate change being a problem or not
that it's that's the the future for
energy if you looked into that yeah I
mean I saw your you know your your flow
chart you know you had and and you know
so the flow chart went like is climate
change occurring green New Deal green
new deal could go to 50 percent mass
extinction and the 50 percent Golden Age
and the other one was is climate change
a hoax right uh in which case you go to
I think Jen
whatever Jen or Jen for nuclear and that
reads a Golden Age but I think there's
an a third point we need to make here
and again I don't get paid by the coal
or oil industry look chemical engineers
have done a lot of work over the last 50
years they have really refined the
process of clean coal and natural gas
right clean coal clean coal well what
I'm saying is if you look over really
fifty years ago right it's fundamentally
Scott I'm not look my point is this it's
about lowering pollution if we really
want to have a discussion it's about
lowering pollution we want we all want
clean air
well that's slightly different from the
the nuclear question because nuclear
which is climate change is a hoax okay
we definitely I love the fact that I
think we should put I mean Fusion is a
long way off but the the the new
generation nuclear reactors make a lot
of sense we should you know do a
Manhattan Project type thing to support
them and put I mean it's a very rational
conclusion what you reach but I'm saying
we also still have we've made from an
engineering standpoint quite a number of
strides in gas and coal we have I mean
it's not like dirty stuff what was it
what what percentage would you say from
let's say standard dirty coal if that
was you know a 10 and a 10 and dirtiness
what is clean coal is it an 8 the
resident -
I mean we still have the missions like
so2 sulfur dioxide you know I still have
greenhouse emissions but I'm saying I
think pretty much everyone would agree
that the the fossil fuels the
methodology that we burned today also
has not just stood still for 40 50 years
that technology also gotten better it's
not like in chemical engineers are just
sitting there not doing any work I mean
everything has to get better more
efficient and things have gotten better
the bigger issue is
how much of this stuff is real and it's
not where should we be really rationally
putting our scientific endeavors what
you've proposed with nuclear makes a lot
of sense you know many people have felt
that for years but I think with the new
generation reactors it makes even more
sense to pursue so so if I could
summarize what you just said even if you
did a Manhattan Project to make these
safer cleaner meltdown proof generation
for nuclear reactors which we know how
to make by the way and Rick Perry just
opened up a test site for testing fuels
which is one of the important
developments in this field but even if
we decided to go nuclear the safe ones
the ones that don't melt down and also
here's the cool thing they eat
they eat they're on the nuclear waste
yeah
he did with Mark Snyder yeah yeah right
you got it yeah his his periscopes are
great and but even if you did that you'd
still want to work just as hard as you
could on making your coal cleaner your
gas you know less definitely I'm saying
these are engineering problems and
science problems these are not when you
look at the alternative when you look at
those other two groups of people that
we're talking about the fake the
academics who you put your name on
bedbugs and climate science you're gonna
get funded or Syrian war on climate
science you're gonna get funded what
happened was when the climate change
when the climate alarmism took place
Scott it created a need for climate
scientists a new job there weren't
enough people qualified to be climate
scientists so every Tom Dick and Harry
is now in this field now every you know
business people are in it sociologists
are in it anthropologists are in it
because academia is about getting grants
and getting tenure it is not it has
become less and less about doing science
and I think this is a more bigger that
we need to talk about relative to this
discussion why is a hacker demonized I
mean it's crazy look he may be a nerd a
little bit and maybe he didn't use he
didn't use the right analogy but he's
not getting Botox all day and his
collagen injections to look good assert
your talking about real people who don't
have time for that then you have people
like John Kerry and Al Gore who are a
different beast they get Nobel Prizes
right mm-hmm so we're living in a very
dangerous world on who is allowed to
determine what is fact and and what is
not fact and demonizing people I think
this is really dangerous uh dr. Shiva we
could talk forever but I'd like to keep
these keeps usually close to an hour
just because they're more consumable for
people so I love the the view into this
world that you gave me and I think most
of the viewers as well I was not really
aware of this whole cloud iris
concept and it's very interesting I'm
not gonna say that I believe it because
you know in order to find belief in
science you'd have to be smarter than me
and I would need just a lot of evidence
of any claim in climate before I could
be convinced but I got to say it's
pretty darn persuasive so I love that it
gives me a new a new thing to dig into a
little bit more
it's great context and but the most
important thing is you've you've
convinced me to change careers because I
hear I could be a qualified climate
scientist and the money's there
everyone listening you know start a
non-profit
put climate science on it even if you
don't believe it and I'm sure you will
get a good shot of getting funded that
is with two billion dollars of funding
out there that's what's not but Scott in
all seriousness I think the important
point of this conversation is natural
systems have equilibriums they have
feedback mechanisms they're complex
systems and and we and science is about
going into the unknown testing things
and finding truth it's not about
essentially
creating terms like climate denier it's
not about demonizing people who spend
their lifetime on this and that's what
the point here is we need to get back
into science and appreciating science
you know if Nolan Ryan I just want to
say this one this laughs if no one Ryan
told you how to throw a fastball you're
gonna listen to him are you gonna listen
to his mechanics how to throw a fastball
or a little leaguer but for some reason
when it comes to this field when a
physicist with their degrees and who've
actually worked on these problems says
something's wrong like a William Hopper
he's demonized by people in the press
who've never even probably taken a
course in basic level physics or know
the second law of thermodynamics that's
the issue that we're dealing with in
this in the world right now the
deception that's taking place
all right we're gonna leave it on that
note
we're gonna wrap it up thank you so much
this was tremendous I'm watching the
comments people are blown away people
loving this and thank you so much sure
thank you be well Scott alright take
care and we're gonna wrap this up and
I'll talk to all of you tomorrow