[Music]
bum-bum-bum-bum-bum hey everybody come
on in here we've got an interesting
periscope today it's gonna be good it's
gonna be off the hook that's how good
it's gonna be but you know you can't
fully enjoy it without the simultaneous
up but it's luck would have it too
you're gonna have that grab your copy
Margaret glass your chalice your tanker
your stein your thermos your flask your
vessel of any kind fill it with your
favorite liquid I'm liking the coffee
join me now for the simultaneous sip oh
yeah
fill the dopamine oh good stuff all
right thank you write that compliment so
I'm a little less prepared than normal
not that I'm ever terribly prepared for
these but I was just finishing up a blog
post so you can see my actual text or
writing over at I moved my blog by the
way so the blogs on a new location it's
Santa Scott Adams says comm same as my
Twitter handle so it's got Adam says
calm I moved all the blog posts over
there because I wanted to separate it
from Dilbert comm to keep the political
stuff away from the comic stuff but I
just hate Pleasanton
I just I'm glad you got to see the front
row I anyway so I just posted and it's
on my Twitter feed and it's it should be
the biggest story in the country but the
story I'm gonna tell you is why it's not
the biggest story in the country all
right here's the deal
so yesterday
Joe Pollak of Breitbart confronted Joe
Biden at an iOS stop campaign stop and
Joel got to ask the following question
he basically said you know did you know
you're misquoting the president about
the fine people stuff the
charlottesville stuff I'm paraphrasing
Joel but essentially he was he was
asking Biden if he was aware that his
main campaign theme wasn't true it was
based on a lie
I misquote now the essential part of
Biden's campaign is that Trump is a bad
character a bad person specifically a
racist and it specifically you know he
focuses on the Charlottesville thing as
the most up you know I guess that's the
evidence that I call it the the alpha
hoax because a lot of the other things
that people think about the president
all come off of this one thing they
think to be true and they think that's
definitely true so all of the other
stuff that maybe doesn't have you know
any any hard evidence they say well the
other stuff doesn't have hard evidence
but I'm pretty sure it's true because
there's one thing I know to be true and
it would make sense with all the other
stuff unfortunately the Alpha hoax isn't
true you know here's the interesting
thing about it Joe Pollock confronts
Biden and says the president in effect
I'm paraphrasing never called the
neo-nazis fine people Joe Biden pushes
back and you know says something about
you know being right all along
and then he moves on through the crowd
now this becomes a big story just
because he was confronted on something
how did the news cover a dispute about
the most well-documented quote in all
humankind
it's one of those quotes that's on you
know infinite blah
post news stories it was covered by
every news source the transcript is
available how would you how would you
cover a story that is the most
well-documented quote of all time maybe
you know maybe not the most but it could
be if somebody disputes what the court
actually said how would you do it if you
were a news person and two people had a
high profile disagreement about it what
a specific quote said would you in your
news story show the actual transcript
that's not what happened so it turns out
that the Biden people must have gotten
to their pet people and asked them to
cover the story for their side but the
news couldn't show the transcript
because the transcript very clearly
shows that Joel Pollock's interpretation
is correct very clearly so that's why I
wrote about but I'm gonna I want to talk
about this a little bit because it's a
easy it's actually amazing when you see
it in real time there are things you
imagine about the fake news but when you
see it unfolding in real time it's just
jaw-dropping so first let me tell you
the two sentences that matter from what
the president originally said you've
heard this before but I'm going to give
it to you in a neater form so what I did
was I took the first sentence he said
which is the one they report and then he
says some other clarifying things and
then he says the second sentence which
modifies it all which is the part they
always leave out and it reverses the
meaning if you leave it out so I just
put them together and I say I'm putting
them together so I'm not trying to trick
you so the first sentence was from the
president about Charlottesville but you
also had people who were verifying
people on both sides
dot-dot-dot gives some clarifications
and then he says I'm not talking about
the neo-nazis in the white
because they should be condemned totally
that's pretty clear right now I also
printed my blog post the full transcript
and a length to the full video so you
can check that my interpretation those
two sentences are in there and that I'm
not misleading by putting them together
because they are part of that obviously
it's very obvious that part of the same
thought he didn't change the topic in
between those two sentences so that's
how I covered it let's let's see how
some other news sources covered it
here's not a USA Today covered it
alright
they wrote quote about Trump let's say
you USA Today wrote about Trump that he
claims that there were some verified
people on both sides so they're saying
that from claim there were very fine
people on both sides true okay that's
the fact he claims they were very fine
people on both sides all right so so far
USA Today is giving you a true fact now
watch what they do later and then they
go on to say in the same speech though
the president said he had condemned
white supremacy and neo-nazis so the way
they say is they say it's in the same
speech now when they say it's in the
same speech is that is the
interpretation that you get from that
that it's the same topic that it's the
same thought as the fine people know you
don't
so they weasel word it so it looks like
they're separate points if they shared
the transcript they wouldn't need to
tell you if it's a separate point at the
same point they wouldn't need to say it
they could just show the transcript and
you could see it's all the same point
but instead they say and this is
technically accurate that's is that it's
another part of the speech but how far
away is it
it's literally this far
and the transcript maybe 30 seconds and
the 30 seconds or so or I was still on
the same topic it's all it's all one
thing all right well it wasn't exactly
the next sentence because he did digress
into saying that there were protesters
there about the statue which was the
whole point
so the point never changed all right
so that is just shocking shockingly
unethical reporting I in the same speech
and then here listen to this wording
this is also USA Today
so here's their exact quote in the same
speech though the president said he had
condemned white supremacy and neo-nazis
no he did not say he had condemned them
he condemned them in the speech he said
they should be condemned totally white
nationalist and neo-nazis
should be condemned totally would you
say he said they should be that he said
they should be condemned yes well USA
Today words it as said he had condemned
that actually didn't happen that
actually didn't happen
he didn't say he had condemned he
condemned at exactly the same
you know point where he said there were
some fine people doing other things
there so they actually slip in with just
a word the word had and they then they
claimed they turned it into a claim so
instead of stating the fact and then the
president said he condemned white
supremacist and white nationalists they
said he had condemned they turned it
into a claim now when you say the
president this president claimed
something what's the first thing you
think because he's the one who's failed
fact-checking ten thousand times if you
say the president claimed something you
automatically think it's not true
right but if you say he said something
and here you can check it yourself
here's the transcript president said
this here's the transcript is true
that's very different from saying said
he had condemned they turned it into a
claim that he said it some other time
that's not what happened all right how
about the Today Show The Today Show
covered it and they just said the Joel
Pollak was incorrect that's that they
didn't show the transcript they didn't
explain the quote they just said he was
incorrect
that's not even anything that's that's
not even fake news that's barely
anything that is just supporting
Democrats how about the Des Moines
Register an important paper of course
because it's it's Iowa and I was gonna
be early in the process all that they
covered the story without showing the
transcript again how do you not show the
transcript that's the only point the
point is what that damn transcript says
alright so here's what they reported
they reported just they reported Biden
inside saying let's get this straight he
said they were verifying people in both
groups by and said they were chanting
anti-semitic slogans burning flags and
that was who a Biden Dennis he conflates
the very fine people in both groups and
that he talks about they were chanting
into it now that's exactly not what the
president was talking about in clear
language he said I'm not talking about
them then Biden says well it's very
clear he's talking about them that's
literally the opposite of what the
transcript says how about Yahoo News do
they show the transcript Yahoo News
exists on the Internet how hard is it to
show a link to the transcript or a link
to the video on the internet on the
Internet
it's pretty easy
but they don't do it so here's how yeah
whoo news reported oh this is even worse
they say quote in the wake of the
Charlottesville altercation there has
been an effort among Trump supporters in
right-wing media to claim that the
president didn't actually call neo-nazis
and white nationalists very fine people
claim it's not a claim it's the
transcript again you don't have to talk
about this story in terms of claims
there are no claims it's right there you
could just read it say Trump they claim
was talking about those who supported
preserving the statues again it's not a
claim Trump said that in the clearest
possible words look at the transcript
and then they say but there is little
evidence the former group attended
Bulova blah now here's the next sleight
of hand does it matter who actually
attended the press that wants to you
know sliding the president for this they
act as though it matters if the
president's details were correct it
doesn't because remember the issue is
was he complimenting neo-nazis now he
could but he could have been wrong that
there were no non racists in attendance
but he spoke to his own assumptions and
he said what his assumption was I
believe that there were people who are
non racist I call them fine people I
believe there were people who are
clearly racists the white nationalist
and the neo-nazis I condemn them totally
perfectly clear all right and so so when
the news tries to change the topic - is
he right about who was there
they've already accepted that the
primary reporting on this topic is fake
news because they're reporting that he
was intentionally complementing
the neo-nazis once they've changed the
topic - was he correct that there were
other people there
they've already accepted that he was not
intentionally trying to compliment any
neo-nazis he was complimenting people
who were a different group who were
either there or they were not there but
in both cases whether they were there or
whether they were none of them there it
doesn't change the fact that he clearly
stated his assumption if they were there
he didn't say yes but he thought they
were there they'd be good people people
were racist condemned totally so by
changing the subject - who was there
they're trying to find a way to be right
while being unambiguously wrong
how about Politico Clinic oh no friend -
Trump did they do you think Politico
showed the transcript
no no Politico which exists on the
Internet where there's this thing called
hyperlinks and you can link to stories
you can link to videos you could link to
a transcript but they don't do you know
why they don't because they would show
that their report is fake news this is a
this is mind-boggling isn't it will you
see this come together like as a whole
it's just absolutely mind-boggling
here's how they reported it in Politico
quote Joe boy Joe Biden on Thursday
adamantly defended his assertions that
President Donald Trump embraced a white
supremacist after a deadly demonstration
Charles ville engaging in an animated
exchange after his public remarks here
okay he adamantly defended his
assertions wouldn't you like to know if
he was right wouldn't you like to see
the transcript Politico is not going to
show it to you by about here's the best
part what about the Biden campaign
itself you know they always have a
communications
person would the communications director
say up but you got us
I guess our entire campaign theme is
based on a lie or what would he do well
turns out there's this guy Bill Russell
who's the columns guy for the Biden
campaign and you'll see in my in the
blog you should go look at it and see
the exchange so first he comes out you
know with the lie and then Breitbart
news replies to him by showing the full
transcript now if you're the comms
director for Biden and you're addressing
the fact that your central theme really
it is the central theme of the Biden
campaign that Trump called white
supremacists find people once that's
been questioned the comms director Bill
Russell goes out and you know makes the
claim again Breitbart news comes in
behind him and says here's the
transcript it's obviously not true
now once you've showed the transcript
what are you gonna do in public when the
transcript is connected to your tweet
this says it doesn't exist what are you
gonna do you already know the answer
don't you do you apologize and drop out
of the campaign no no they go down the
hoax funnel and what do they do same
thing everybody else does when they're
they're caught in this cognitive
dissonance they say we'll tell me who
was there they couldn't have been fine
people so in other words the comms
director for the Biden campaign accepted
that the president did not call the
neo-nazis and white supremacist or white
nationalist I guess fine people he
actually changed the subject
so when confronted with the fact in the
transcript on Twitter the shows their
central campaign theme simply is a lie
he changed the topic to was the
president accurate about who was
attending completely different top
related but a different topic because
it's already accepted that the president
said clearly wasn't talking about the
neo-nazis and the white nationalist so
the fact that he went to he had to
change the topic is an acknowledgment
that he couldn't defend the central
point it's clear what the president's
intentions were even if he got a fact
wrong about the attendees but here's the
here's the putting a cap on this
I have personally sought out and
interviewed attendees from the
Charlottesville event I personally have
had one-to-one personal conversations
with several people who attended the
Charlottesville event to protest they
tell me in completely clear language
they are not racists they disavow racism
of every form and then the next question
is what the hell were they doing at an
event organized by Nazis that's the
first question right so of course I
asked that question what the hell were
you doing there if you're not one of the
tiki torch Nazis and they all say the
same thing the promotional materials
were unclear it looked like it was a
unite the right they said well I'm on
the right
I like the unite the right eye I want to
keep these statues I'm in favor of free
speech it's a short distance away why
David la is so dumb they can't follow
this he's on cancelable so Dave in LA
read my blog post and it's going to blow
your mind how wrong you were
that on this whole topic and and again
Dave and LA just read the transcript you
don't have to believe anything I said
just read the transcript and you'll see
that you've been lied to by your own
side the entire time so what I was
saying is that I've personally
interviewed the people who went who said
there were free speech people they
disavow racists I asked them why would
you attend an event organized by
neo-nazis
and they said look at the materials and
one of them actually sent me some of the
promotional materials and I looked at
and I said well you know I would know
this was a neo-nazi event because I
would recognize some of the iconography
graphic treatment was meant to be sort
of subtly suggestive so if you didn't if
you're not sort of tuned into this you
wouldn't have noticed so you wouldn't
have noticed just by the graphic
treatment unless you were sort of tuned
into it I noticed but I wouldn't be
surprised if someone didn't that would
be completely understandable once I
looked at I was like yeah I can see how
you wouldn't necessarily think the
graphic treatment was telling you
anything
the only other signal that it was
organised by neo-nazis was the names of
the speakers who were not household
names now I recognize several of them
because I studied this thing you know
etc so I sort of deeply immersed but the
people I talked to said I didn't
recognize any of the names so in other
words not only were they not neo-nazis
they didn't even recognize the names of
the most well-known well David Duke
wasn't there but there were other
well-known people like Spencer I guess
they didn't even recognize the names of
people in that organization so when you
say why did they attend it they gave me
an explanation and by and the
explanation came from different people
who didn't know each other so they had
the same they have the same explanation
which was you know I I thought was
credible because they said the same
thing even though there were different
people in different times they said I
didn't know there were other people who
were locals who simply said that they
heard there was an event and it was
about the statues and they were local
and they liked the statutes so they said
well we're local we'll walk over there
and we'll will
we'll put in our word they never saw the
organizing materials they just heard
there was a thing and they went so when
the when the the Democrats desperately
tried to preserve their hoax like David
in LA he's still trying to cling to it
the the only way you can do it is you
have to never hear any reporting about
who attended because even the New York
Times had the same reporting as I did so
the New York Times actually found some
free speech people who traveled there
they disavow racist they didn't want to
be even seen with the racists they were
there for free speech purposes that's
exactly who the president was talking
about so it's confirmed by the New York
Times if you don't want like my
reporting if you don't think I'm
credible and why would you really yeah
so the president was right on the facts
as I've confirmed and the New York Times
confirmed but it wouldn't matter it's a
Dodge to talk about whether he was right
about the facts because he stated his
assumptions and he spoke to his
assumptions that there were some non
racists there doesn't matter if there
were because we're talking about what
the president intended and what he
intended was to condemn neo-nazis and
white nationalists and he intended to
say that people who like free speech and
that's their whole deal or good people
that's it now so I ask you this having
you know now that this is sort of not
sort of it's a national story wouldn't
you say that should end the Biden
campaign what is the only way the Biden
campaign can go on after having their
central theme debunked in front of the
world what's the only way they can go on
fake news so the fake news is now going
to coalesce around them to either ignore
the story so it goes away or to simply
say that Breitbart is not dependable or
insult Joel or something like
that so they're going to go on a full
core
to fake news-press they're going to get
their version of fake news out there and
then they're going to want to change the
new cycle as quickly as possible so it
should have ended the campaign it should
be done that should be the end of it but
it won't because of the way things work
all right
somebody says I sent you the video of
the good people explaining themselves
you have buried it's I don't know where
that video is I've yeah you can you can
explain this to people and they won't
change their opinion even after they
read it so what I'm gonna do is I'm
going to send out well I was thinking of
sending out my tweet where I just take
the two sentences and put them together
I think I will do that after this all
right anybody have any questions about
what's going on I'm gonna stick with my
Kamala Harris prediction of getting the
nomination but then losing in the
general and here's why if Biden gets
taken out
you've got Bernie and Warren in second
and third place and I think the
Democrats are gonna realize that they're
too radical and can't get elected
they're gonna try to find someone who is
the the better version of a Biden
someone who you could depend on to be a
little bit closer to the middle I think
it's gonna be Warren I'm sorry I think
it's gonna be Harris
but that said she's doing a terrible job
so Komal Eris is doing a terrible job of
campaigning and it would be so easy to
do a good one she has to get rid of the
nervous giggle and she has to learn how
to smile confidently which is under
smiling let me show you two smiles tell
me which one is the confident one this
one or this one
which one do you want for your president
this one or this one she's got to lose
the face she's got to lose the nervous
giggle and she's got to learn to smile
confidently when a smile is called for
here's a question
everybody talks about yang and ubi but
nobody talks about Yang and immigration
to the point where I mean I'm sure
somebody's talked about it but it's it's
not rising up to our to the point where
we're all noticing how does yang respond
to the challenge that you can't have ubi
if you also have open borders because
everybody would come here for the free
money
why wouldn't they I mean I would it's
the first thing I do now
maybe he limits it by you have to be a
citizen but if everybody comes here
eventually they get citizenship too
that's that works or they have children
and the children are citizens so either
way if you don't have border security
how can you give away free money border
security is sort of necessary for that
plan to work I would think has anybody
asked him that doesn't that feel like
it's the it's the main question if
you're if you bi is your primary thing
how is the the second question not what
do you think of immigration so there's
the dog that's not barking right there
oh if somebody's talking about in your
voice let me tell you what drives me
crazy when I watch so-called leaders and
want to be leaders people running for
office and even pundits and talking
about things when they argue their case
have you ever noticed that people will
argue their case with a voice style that
makes it seem like they don't believe
their own points let me give you see if
I can give you an example let's say I
wanted to argue about climate change and
I wanted to say that you know the earth
is being destroyed by climate change so
let's just say I was a scientist who was
or no politician let's say I'm a
politician
I'm arguing that climate change is bad
if I do it this way you know and climate
change is so bad it's gonna destroy
everything and you know you you really
have to do something
you know bula I sound like I'm sort of
begging or pleading it's almost like I
don't have confidence in my own thought
that I think I have to say it with a
certain voice or it's not gonna work
but suppose I said it this way 97% of
scientists tell us we've got a big
problem and I've looked into it and
their science is quite solid so we
better start soon as sooner the better
which one of those sounds like a leader
the the person who's pleading just
sounds weak and I'm confident and yeah
it sounds like that law yeah the up
talking etc and I don't see this I'm not
sure I would say there's a gender issue
with this I haven't really noticed one
both the men and the women seem to have
the same good and bad habits there
that's been my observation yes Cory
Booker thank you that would be the
perfect example Cory Booker brilliant
guy well academically just brilliant
very capable you know just talented like
crazy but when he talks he opens his
eyes real wide and he talks in that way
that doesn't sound like he is confident
it sounds like he's trying to convince
you with the tone of his voice or
something yeah
all right just looking at your comments
Spartacus
all right I was deeply unprepared like I
said because I only had time to write
that blog post which I'm gonna go post
in a moment let me just look at the CNN
headlines that I swear it August is so
bad so we're still talking about Trump's
trip to El Paso and I don't know did he
go to Dayton I don't remember but
they're criticizing the quality of his
his trip and I'm thinking okay I suppose
that's worthy of news
so there's not much else not much else
happening UK economy shrinks for the
first time since 2012 as brexit
uncertainties melt Wow so but I don't
know much about that or enough to
comment did Ben Shapiro ever get back to
you was he supposed to get back to me
people keep telling me that Ben Shapiro
disagrees with me on the fine people
hoax story and then they show me links
of him talking and I don't hear any
disagreement so I don't know I don't
know what to say I can't respond to a
disagreement when I don't we hear any
disagreement so it must be time for
another simultaneous sip if you're ready
grab your cup your mug you can do it
here it comes yeah there's another
compilation clip of bituminous speaking
I'm never a giant fan of the compilation
clips of people miss speaking can you
imagine how easily you could make a
compilation clip of me miss speaking
pretty easily it wouldn't be hard at the
same time that I'm I'm bothered by his
miss speaking because I do think it it
is signaling something I think that it's
also something you could do to everybody
so you could do it to Trump you could do
it to everybody so you're saying that
ben shapiro says that there's some
difference in the facts between the two
nights there was a Friday and there's a
Saturday and I acknowledge that he says
something about those things well I
don't say the opposite so the details
that Shapiro adds are not relevant to
the primary claim the primary claim is
just any that the primary claim is that
the president intentionally called
neo-nazis find people and the transcript
disproves that so clearly that there's
nothing else to say if he got any facts
wrong about who's doing what and what
day it's just not relevant to the main
point so when people think that Shapiro
and I are disagreeing they're they are
wrong because we agree on the central
point that the transcript says clearly
I'm not talking about the white
supremacist if Ben Shapiro is talking is
saying that Trump was confused about who
was doing what on what night I say
what's the difference that's not the
issue
we're not fact-checking his accuracy of
who attended I don't have any interest
in that question now I happen to do my
own research and find out that there
were some fine people on the same night
as the tiki torch people so I mean it
might be something happened on a Friday
something happened to Saturday none of
us relevant
central claim somebody say that's the
whole point well if the whole point is
that Trump was confused about who
attended that's opposite of their points
that would be acknowledging that
everything they've said about him was
wrong at worst he got a detail wrong but
he didn't because I've researched it
personally and talked to the attendees
and I know he didn't get that detail
wrong yeah here's somebody Eddie
meme is saying Trump supporters are
delusional and ignorant what you know
one of the things we keep noting I'm not
sure if it's true or not but it seems
like Democrats go after people have you
noticed that I think you know the the
Republicans do the same they go after
you you see people go after a OC it
cetera and you see them just go after
them personally but I've never seen so
many people come after like a fellow
citizen and and just the the do you know
how many names I've been called in the
past two weeks I mean do you have any
idea the names I have personally been
called and they're all personal
it doesn't involve what I've done or
what I believe or my opinions my work
it's none of that it's all personal and
I say to myself is Twitter you know
Twitter is a lot of things it's a way to
get your news and connect and everything
I'm I'm a big fan of the platform but
more than anything it allows people who
have been bullied in their life to be
awful to people without a price if you
think about it the you know a lot of
people have been bullied for every kind
of thing it's obvious to me that the
people who come after me personally some
of them I suppose they're just trolls
and it's just part of the fun but it
feels like they're broken people who
have been bullied in their life I'm not
saying I'm not supporting the bullies
that's
that's terrible I'm sorry they got
broken but because they're broken they
need some kind of revenge I guess and to
the extent that they think Trump
represents every bully they have ever
seen and Trump represents every bully
and since I say good things about Trump
I'm like supportive of the bully in
their minds I think that attacking me
has nothing to do with politics it feels
like it has mostly to do and say let's
see if I can we'll get rid of Dave in LA
so anyway those those who make and I
think I'll just start saying that those
who make personal attacks are broken
people they've been broken by bullies in
their life and they're lashing out
they are just broken people so David and
Leigh had to go away he's a broken
person he needs some help
yeah they become the bully and that's
typical you know people who are abused
as children are more likely to become
abusers so they are broken people and I
I don't feel yeah i feel sympathy for
them sometimes all right I don't have
much else to say I'm gonna go that's all
for now I will talk to you tomorrow