bumbum bumbum hey everybody come on in
here hey it's time for coffee with Scott
Adams it's gonna be a very special one
you know why it's gonna be special
because it always is that's right Kyle
welcome to your first day on periscope
and somebody just called out your name
what a day for you quite special but if
you'd like to make it as special as it
could be
I'm talking extra special you gonna need
something Kyle I hope you're prepared
because you're gonna need something in
it could be several different things it
could be a cup or a mug or a glass a
tank or chalice or Stein a canteen
juggler flask a vessel of any kind fill
it with your favorite liquid I like
coffee and join me now for the
unparalleled pleasure of the dopamine
ahead of the day the thing that makes
everything better
the simultaneous simple go ah feel the
simultaneity coursing through your veins
it's a good good feeling well we have to
talk about champ each mint the amp the
impeachment a theater that's been going
on and I gotta say I don't think this
could be more entertaining you would
think you know you used to see a lot of
people saying oh it's boring and it's
certainly boring because the length of
it and the repetition of the arguments
but there's really a lot of entertaining
stuff happening if you pull out the
Nuggets so let's pull out some Nuggets
all right here's my favorite part of the
testimonies yesterday so apparently the
way the Constitution is written and at
least interpreted justice Chief Justice
Roberts presides over the the Senate
impeachment proceedings but apparently
he's not allowed to do anything
important so he's just he's just there
to bang the gavel and say he was next
recognize people now what opportunity
did that get if the clever people in the
Senate because at some point yesterday
was the the phase where any senator
could submit a question and then Justice
Roberts would read the question out loud
and then one of the two or both the
lawyers for both sides would respond
depending on who the question was for
apparently Kamala Harris who who has
more game than maybe I suspected because
she did something really smart
disgusting but really smart and I'm
gonna I'm gonna make an assumption here
all right now this is speculation cuz I
can't read her mind right but what I'm
going to assume is the Harris knew
exactly what she was doing because she
embedded a grotesque lie in the body of
her question and she made the Chief
Justice of the United States read her
lie in front of the entire world in the
Senate and he couldn't call it out as a
lie he had to just read it it was so
clever I'm wondering why nobody else
thought of it so I think if I could
recall I think the lie was the they take
and of context Trump saying I can do
anything because I'm president something
like that but of course it's a lie
because the the actual quote was about
something specific he can do which is
hire and fire a Comey because that's his
job so what so what Trump was actually
saying is that the president has the
authority to hire and fire people in the
executive branch as literally nobody
disagrees with there's nobody in the
world who is on the other side of what
Trump clearly and unambiguously sad so
what the Democrats have been doing is
taking that in a context and and
repeating it until they repeat it into
reality and you've seen them do this
with the charlottesville hoax the
saying that the the president called the
race is fighting people didn't happen
never happened you could look at the
transcript you can look at the video and
find out for yourself it never happened
but they've repeated it so much it's
just sort of morphed into a fact for
half the country well now they're doing
the same thing with the the impeachment
and actually they're doubling down on
that I'll talk about that later so so
Harris very cleverly embeds this
grotesque obvious lie which is really
central to their case that little quote
gives them the the frame to put their
entire he's trying to be a dictator you
can tell because he said so he must be
trying to be a dictator so if they lose
that narratives that he's trying to be a
dictator they they don't have as much of
a case they don't have a framework to to
attach everything to so that that lie is
very central to what they're doing and
getting the chief justices of the United
States to read it a live television in
the Senate was really good but wait but
wait it gets better it gets better
that's not the end of the story that's
the beginning of the story so it turns
out that that Conell harris is not the
only smart person in the senate over on
the quasi republican side if you've got
you've got this guy called Rand Paul
Rand Paul now here again I'm gonna make
an assumption and I try to call it out
when I'm you know just speculating
because mind-reading is always a
thinking error I think
Rand Paul saw what she did this is just
a guess and said good lord look what she
did this is you know my imagination of
why he might have been thinking let's
see if I can do that so Rand Paul
submits a question to the Chief Justice
of the United States which has embedded
in the question the name of the
whistleblower
will you join me in a slow clap I want
you to play along at home Rand Paul oh
my god that was probably the funniest
political move you have ever seen in
your life
now what happened when Chief Justice saw
that the whistleblower name was in the
question he rejected it can he do that
does it does the Chief Justice in this
context does does he have the option of
rejecting the question well he did now I
I'm just guessing that his his reasoning
might be that he didn't want to be party
to a crime so I think Rand Paul's
question if the Chief Justice had read
it I don't know that I'm not sure about
this but it might have made him party to
a crime okay there's nothing funnier
than that Rand Paul trying to trick the
Chief Justice into being a party to an
actual crime and outing the
whistleblower because culeros used that
same trick just before this is gray
stuff if you are not entertained by this
you're dead inside you're dead inside so
anyway the Chief Justice declined to
read that question and what do you think
predictably happened well it turned into
a tweet and what do you think when the
news story got turned into a tweet about
what Rand Paul tried to do well of
course the news story doesn't mention
the name of the whistleblower but every
person in the comments did every person
in fact you're saying the name you know
fly by on the screen here in the
comments so bye so Rand Paul's play
completely successful because he got the
entire country to be angrily you know
putting that guy's name the
whistleblower into every communication
that they can so that was the funniest
thing all right
I don't know if it's as funny as Joe
Biden on the campaign trail reminding
people that he's going to die soon
because he's old he actually said that I
mean it's my own words but he actually
said he's an old guy so he needs a young
vice president
there's no way to interpret that other
than he might die in office right
there's no other way to read it and I
actually give him credit for being
completely candid about that so it
actually made me like him more frankly
but it's a it's a it's a good point he
might die in office a his age that's a
that's a wrist Lee you've got to
consider so there's a viral video of Joe
Biden telling people not to vote for him
he has this little quirk where when he
gets challenged at a some public event
you know you'll push back a little but
then he will dismissively say well don't
vote for me vote for the other guy vote
for the other guy and I'm thinking to
myself that I don't know in some context
that might be the right play because
it's sort of folksy and seems plain
spoken and all that but if you keep
saying it it turns into something else
and I think he's saturd enough now that
it's turned into you start wondering if
he really wants to win this thing let me
ask you this do you think that Joe Biden
wants to spend the last years of his
life doing one of the hardest jobs in
the world
I think he's barely handling the
campaign and I say that just because he
doesn't you know I'm assuming unless
something has changed that he's not
keeping an intense campaign schedule
because her there
you know acknowledging his age do you
think he really wants to be President
I think he would rather win that lose
because everybody likes to win more than
they'd like to lose so I think he's you
know gonna try but I don't think his
heart is in it I remember I taught you
that when I was learning hypnosis to
become a hypnotist
one of the things we are taught is that
people tell you exactly what they want
in direct words but sometimes you have
to pick an end of the paragraph and in
this case Joe Biden repeatedly is
telling people to not vote for him now
the context of course is that he thinks
they're people who won't vote for him
anyway probably so it's you know there's
a reason for why he's saying it the way
you saying it but the hypnotist says you
know there were other ways to say that
if all he was trying to say is that you
know you know he's not for everyone
there could have been a less direct way
to say it he could say you know I I
acknowledge your argument and I know I'm
not going to change every mind but you
know I hope we can change your mind you
know with the other stuff I hope that's
not your only the only thing that you're
worried about it's a big country lots of
topics you know I hope you'll stay with
me he could have said that there are a
thousand ways that Biden could respond
to people in public disagreeing with a
policy or two but he keeps telling him
not to vote for him I think he means it
I think he means it on some level it
looks like he's revealing that he's not
fully into it let's talk about the play
of the day all right so as you know the
Democrats coordinate their messaging
their anti-trump messaging and it's very
clear that they have they have landed on
the following strategy for today and the
strategy is to take what Alan Dershowitz
said in his arguments yesterday and
prior to that and misinterpret them so
let me say this is what's Stephan or
Stephen Collinson wrote in on CNN today
and see if this sounds familiar
from something you've heard from me so
you said the Republicans have variously
argued so he's going to talk about the
different ways that
the Trump defenders have argued that
Trump is innocent
they variously argued the Trump did
nothing wrong the Democrats made up
impeachment charges or that there was no
quid pro quo but they have missus
cording to Collinson but they have
apparently been pushed to this final
fallback position in the light of
Bolton's claim about the manuscript bla
bla that Trump did indeed tell him to
withhold aid to keV but so now they're
going with the the Dershowitz thing that
it doesn't matter because it's not
impeachable now who was the first person
when this whole impeachment thing
started who was the first person who
said stop arguing about the details
because it's not a winning yeah it's not
a winning strategy did did I call it
who could have called this more
accurately I said those little weed
arguments of it's not a quid pro quo but
but they are not gonna win the only
argument is it doesn't matter because
it's not unbeatable anyway so as even
Collinson is saying that the Republicans
have apparently sort of taken their
bruising on the weeds and they're
backing up and by the way I think they
want on the weeds if you were to look at
their actual arguments from the legal
perspective I do think the president's
attorneys won on all the details it's
just that the public can't follow it so
winning on the details is exactly like
losing because the public can't follow
the details so they don't know you won
but they can certainly hear all the
points and the more they hear quid pro
quo or the president wants to be a
dictator that's all they're hearing so
it doesn't matter if you win on the
weeds you still lose that way Dershowitz
being the smartest person in the game
apparently is brought the only argument
that's there has a chance of winning
which is it's not a beatable but here's
the fun part the here's how the various
critics are wading into Mis
interpret Dershowitz now keep in mind
Dershowitz his argument is a total kill
shot it's simple to understand and it's
the stake driven through the heart of
impeachment Dershowitz killed
impeachment as dead as anything can be
dead it doesn't live anymore even it's
it's a you know it's an undead vampire
life he just killed that too he put his
steak race through the the vampire's
heart impeachments over all right he
killed it so what do you do the said the
Democrats are going to their go-to
strategy they're going to grossly
misinterpret him and repeat the
misinterpretation until their team
thinks it's true they did it with
Charlottesville the you know you they
did it with the that quote take it out
of context I can do anything I walked
that you know was out of context and now
they're doing it with Dershowitz
argument let me tell you that here's
what here's what Dershowitz actually
sets this is a quote on CNN's page you
know one of their pages and I think it's
in Paul Begala
thing or someplace but Paul Begala was
writing on CNN he's one of their
anti-trump go-to guys so he's here's
what darshan was actually sent and then
I'll tell you how it was interpreted
alright this is the actual quote from
Dershowitz and if a president did
something that he believes will help him
get elected , in the public interest
that's the important part in the public
interest
Kawa that cannot be the kind of quid pro
quo that results in impeachment
so what Dershowitz is clearly saying is
if there are two conditions you know one
is that there's something that will help
somebody get elected that's the first
condition but also at the same time
comma it's in the public interest that's
not an impeachable thing right so two
things are true it's it's good for the
politician
good for the country that's not a
beatable
so how did Paul Begala and all of the
other people misinterpret this here's
Paul Begala 'z interpretation of that
he's he's putting this these words
basically in dershowitz mouth if a
president thinks his reelection is in
the public interest
anything he does in pursuit of his
reelection is legal what what that is
not anything like what Dershowitz said
so he makes this completely false
statement this was stupid on its face
that a president can do anything he
wants basically I'll read it again if a
president thinks his reelection is in
the public interest
anything he does in pursuit of his
re-election is legal no that's not the
quote that you that you gave Dershowitz
in your own article that's completely
wrong all right so then Begala goes on
to argue against his own
misinterpretation all right how about
how about Justice Stephen Collinson
this is his misinterpretation right and
these are actually calling since actual
words that he's putting in Dershowitz
his mouth as the misinterpretation the
Harvard emeritus professor claimed on
the Senate floor that if a politician
thinks his reelection is in the national
interest and the action he takes toward
that end cannot by definition be
impeachable Dershowitz didn't say that
or anything like that this is completely
made-up and then he goes on to write his
article based on his completely false
interpretation it gets better
here's how Adam Schiff misinterpreted
Dershowitz he's putting this he said
he's basically doing another fake quote
and putting it in Dershowitz of mouth
all right so this is Adam Schiff making
up a hypothetical fake quote to cat to
mischaracterize
order shoe it says fake quote you can't
do anything about it because if he views
it as in his personal interest meaning
the president if he views it as his in
his personal interest that's just fine
he's allowed to do it
none of the founders would have accepted
that kind of reasoning Schiff said well
she if you are correct that none of the
founders would have recognized that kind
of reasoning because it didn't happen
Dershowitz never said that these are
completeness interpretations but my
favorite came from Stephen Colbert so he
accepts the Democrat misinterpretation
and then he does his whole cringeworthy
I'm calling it cringe tainment sometimes
when you watch something that's cringe
worthy but it entertains you because
it's cringe worthy I'm calling that
cringe tainment
you can use that and he does this whole
bit where he very mockingly makes fun of
Alan Dershowitz for being illogical
that's right Stephen Colbert with with
not a trace of irony or self-reflection
claims on national television in a
mocking sarcastic way the he's Stephen
Colbert can tell with his great powers
of reason that one of the most or maybe
the most famous experienced
constitutional scholars in the world had
an illogical argument let me say this
you can have arguments that you disagree
with that's a thing and some people have
illogical arguments let me tell you what
Alan Dershowitz does not have any
illogical argument not this one probably
not ever now there are arguments which
he's lost I'm sure I mean I don't know
but I'm I imagine he's argued cases and
lost in the past I don't know that
that's true actually maybe you wasn't
all but it's one thing to lose because
the other argument just carries more
weight well when was the last time Alan
Dershowitz was illogical in his argument
never how about never
how about probably never all right
certainly not in this case the only way
you can get to illogical is by believing
the Democrats with their
misinterpretation of what he said and
then of course it looks illogical and so
I say to this I say to a pallbearer just
something to consider just just put this
in the hopper of something you should
maybe reflect on I'm not going to
suggest you change anything you're doing
just just keep this thought in the back
of your head when you're mocking a
preeminent constitutional scholar
because you believe he's being illogical
just just keep this thought in mind
maybe just just maybe the problems on
your end I'm just putting that out there
can you rule it out I don't think so so
I think I think next we'll see on The
Late Show with Colbert his his snide
takedown of Einstein so you know you
know that's coming
it's like Einstein he could barely do
math are you kidding me with his physics
who is he trying to get that Einstein
guy oh my god all right
so I would like to give you a a one-act
play in which Dale the anti-trump er
will be arguing the Democrats side of
this I will take the role of Alan
Dershowitz
famous constitutional scholar you know
Dale it looks like this impeachment will
probably be over soon because the
founders would agree that the the clay
of the allegations or the the
impeachment articles do not come
anywhere near what they intended as a
crime or misdemeanor or anything that's
like a crime because there's no abuse of
power or anything that's really crime
and and that the abuse of Congress is
ridiculous for other reasons what do you
think about that Dale well it's obvious
that if you accept that argument the
president's just a dictator and he can
do anything he wants that's what you're
saying Ellender - it's the president's a
dictator you can do anything he wants
mmm no no I actually didn't say anything
like that let me explain it to you if
the President does something that is
good for the nation or even arguably you
could disagree but let's say he does
something that's good for the country
but it's also good for his reelection as
long as those two conditions are met
it's not a beatable because that's our
system our system allows you to pursue
your best election you know reelection
result by doing good work for the nation
that's how the system works you get that
down well I get a plenty to get a plenty
you're saying that the president can
just ignore what's good for the people
and do whatever will get him re-elected
choose somebody on Fifth Avenue for
example no I'm not saying anything like
that all I'm saying is if there are two
conditions that one of them is that it's
good for the country but it's also good
for the politician
that cannot be impeachable you know
unless it's actually a crime I suppose
and they all would say so oh you admit
that the president can commit gross
crimes for his reelection digging up
dirt using foreign interests and that's
okay with you that's okay with you Alan
Dershowitz no no I'm not saying even
anything remotely like that not even in
the same universe as whatever the hell
you're hallucinating Dale it's just real
simple if he's doing the people's work
but it's also good for re-election and
and it's all legal
you're fine there's nothing in peach'
ball wouldn't you be happy with that
dictator situation wouldn't you next
thing you know he's dictator for life
because you just said Alan Dershowitz
you just you just admitted that he can
have foreign countries dig up dirt on an
opponent for just his personal interest
and you're okay with that you're okay
with that are you willing to say that in
public that you're okay with that
no no Dale I'm not okay with that I
didn't say that I didn't say anything
like that
nothing like that see so watch this
watch this what I play play out all day
today all day long the Democrats are
going to be misinterpreting Dershowitz
just like I did and I here's the here's
the the bad part it's gonna work now I
don't think it'll work in terms of
reversing the outcome of the the Senate
vote you know President will be cleared
but it's going to work on the public the
public is is definitely gonna believe
that the Democrats have interpreted
Dershowitz correctly do you know why
because for every one person who watched
dirt
- its live there will be a thousand
people who only hear the democrats of
version of what der Xuan said so it's a
thousand to one more effective for them
to lie than to do anything that would be
in the realm of truth and so they are
there's no penalty for lying in this
context which you have to think is a
flaw a flaw in the in the process
alright let's see what else we've got
going on here I I'd like permission to
curse everybody ok with that there is
some cursing coming up mild cursing
alright so if you don't like that this
you know you might want to mute your
phone for that yeah and it has to do
with the topic of general Flynn because
there's some there's an update so
apparently the Department of Justice is
not going to see jail time originally
they were going to seek jail time and
and Flynn had withdrawn his his guilty
plea because apparently he just got he
got basically blackmailed into it
because they said they take down his
family it sounds like it sounds like he
was trying to protect his family
and he said I'm guilty even though it
wasn't so he basically took a bullet for
his family but now that more information
is command about the you know the faked
FISA and all the other stuff and rush
occlusion disappeared changed his
changed his plea to not guilty and the
Department of Justice said now they're
only going to be looking at sage
probation so they're they're only going
to look at probation there's a little
swearing coming okay if our justice
system plans to find general Flynn
guilty in this situation and they
whether they you know want us one of the
sentences into jail or
probation that I got 60 million
people who say to you Department of
Justice that that innocent or
Nothing that you can have 60
million really pissed off people
if under these current conditions he
still found guilty probation or not
that and if they do find him guilty and
given probation
I imagine that gives the president just
full authority to avoid the whole thing
and wipe the record clear whichever
words you use on that but yeah I there's
60 million people who are not going to
be able to live with Flynn being
railroaded like this just isn't going to
happen so the Department of Justice just
has to figure out what how to change
their mind
60 million pissed-off people
it's not going to be pretty alright so
if the department justice wants to
retain any sense of credibility rethink
that Alright swearing is off for now the
well maybe I should put it back on for
this next topic
apparently six suspected drug dealers
accused of running a seven million
dollar fentanyl distribution operation
were released without bail under the new
criminal justice law what what these
people running a seven million dollars
fentanyl distribution operation we're
not talking about Street dealers they
were major major fentanyl dealers
released without bail are you happy with
that well here's what I wonder would it
be legal to build a private website
private meaning
privately built and funded not private
from the public that listed the people
who are known or and here's the
controversial part suspected fentanyl
dealers so that parents can just take a
photo of their kids friends and run it
through a system and say ah you're
hanging around with a fentanyl dealer
maybe you shouldn't hang around with
that kid anymore
and of course your immediate reaction is
my god people will it's like it's like
the what is that the shitty men's list
somebody made a private list of the men
who had me to people but unfortunately
anybody could contribute to the list and
so it appears that a number of innocent
people were you know labeled as me tours
when in fact they were not so that's how
a gigantic risk wouldn't you say but I
believe there's probably a way to do
this and here the whole point of this is
it looks like the government is helpless
if the government is helpless to stop
fentanyl wouldn't it help if you could
tell every person who sold fentanyl when
you saw socially it would be hard to it
would be hard to operate in normal
society if everywhere you went
everybody knew you were a fentanyl
dealer now is there a way that you can
do this without labelling people I don't
know but I'll bet there is my my
intuition says there's there's a way to
do this that does let me give you an
example this is just brainstorming I'm
not going to say this is the idea but
suppose anybody could contribute to the
list but they had to provide their own
identification and they had to provide a
paragraph that says why they they know
this to be true now perhaps you don't
make that person who contributed to the
list public unless there's a dispute if
there's a dispute then the person so
accused
could you maybe hire a lawyer or
something and then talk to the talk and
at that point the person who made the
claim could either remove the claim or
make their name public just the lawyer
and the person who's got the dispute so
in that case you would always be able to
face your accuser
if you challenged it if you don't
challenge it you just have to live with
the fact that you're on a list of
fentanyl dealers but if you challenge it
there should be a process where at that
point you know who your accuser is you
know what the argument is the accuser
can modify it or correct it or you can
argue your case so there might be some
way to to make it safe against people
being you know put on their list all
right so that's just something to think
about
I can't go so far as to say we should do
it speaking of misunderstanding
Elizabeth Warren came out with a plan on
digital disinformation and the idea is
she wants to make illegal some forms of
all read the exact words and she says
she wants the social media companies to
address false posts don't know what that
means
having them label certain content don't
know exactly what that means you know
who gets the desired had a label stuff
BAM accounts trying to interfere with
elections how do you define that and
alert users who have interacted with
content determined to be disinformation
again who to gets to determine what's
disinformation
among other things she would also lead a
charge to criminalize spreading
spreading false information about voting
in other words if you had a social media
post that said hey everybody vote the
day after election day and it was you
know designed to keep people from voting
she would make that illegal
now that part may not be the worst idea
in the world because it is direct
election interfering the the part about
if you're if you're telling people that
Election Day is on the wrong day or that
there's some process that makes it
impossible to vote maybe that should be
illegal I guess
that argument but the other stuff I
would have to I would have to hear a
more detailed argument as to who it is
who gets to decide what is
disinformation it would be far better in
my opinion if anything that was in this
disinformation category if you could
provide a link to the other argument so
in other words I wouldn't be I wouldn't
be too sad if every time there was a
claim that somebody thought was false
that instead of removing it or making it
illegal or something that the social
media company attached what they thought
is the counter-argument that might be a
little better than our current situation
so I think Warren's got a big ask here
in other words she's asking more than I
think the nation could ever accept but
there's something there there's a little
bit something in there that's worth
talking about I don't know if she's
sussed that out well enough let's talk
about the Middle East peace plan that
the the major media seems to want to
ignore I assume that they're ignoring it
why because it's good for Trump I don't
know exactly why but it is getting less
attention than anything and there's
there's something emerging about this
peace plan that is really clever
and and you're not going to see this
coming
here's my take on it it's not a peace
plan everybody's going to call it a
peace plan I think it's called you know
officially it's probably called the
peace plan of some kind but it's not its
peace plan like its peace plan adjacent
it's suggestive of a peace plan it's in
some ways analogous to a peace plan but
not completely here's what it really is
it's a path it's a path that the
Israelis and here's the fun part
apparently in Israel both the you know
both the the leading parties have agreed
on this that's a gigantic thing
to get all of the people in Israel at
least the two major parties on the same
side gigantic gigantic moved forward on
just that part but it's better than that
Saudi Arabia signed on a few other Arab
countries have signed on Egypt says it's
worth looking at so suddenly the
Palestinian faction is sort of abandoned
and surrounded meanwhile Israel can just
go down their path without regard to
whether the Palestinians like it this is
what's different a normal piece planned
both sides have to agree when it looks
like right that's what a peace plan is
you you agree I'll do this you do this
we both agree what we're doing that's
not this that's why it's not a peace
plan the Israel is basically saying this
is what we're going to do we don't
control what you're gonna do we're just
going to control what we do we are going
to get on the same page as our whole
country the majority anyway and the same
page with your neighbors the Arab
countries who typically or I don't know
if you want to call them Muslim
countries or Arab countries in this case
I think they're all the same in this one
context because you know Iran bullet
bomb anyway longer story so we have the
situation where Israel can just march
forward because they drew the boundaries
in a way that it just captures the
places that they already are all they
have to do is start building some
borders and Israel can say well we're
done here's the fun part the
Palestinians can complain forever and
you know do some terrorist attacks and
fire some rockets but they were going to
do that anyway right if if the
Palestinians decide to play along and
agree to the plan nobody nobody thinks
that's going to happen or if they don't
which one would have more terrorists
attacks against Israel probably the same
probably exactly the same if
if a boss Palestinian leader decided
tomorrow to sign off on the deal he
can't control everybody in this country
you would still have the same amount of
terrorist attacks which fortunately are
not that terrible Israel's got a good
good control on that with their wall at
cetera so Israel has no downside risk in
terms of terrorism make a deal don't
make a deal it's probably going to look
exactly the same in terms of terrorist
attacks and then it puts the
Palestinians in this weird isolated
situation correct me if I'm wrong I need
a fact check in this but has it the
United States already withdrawn
financial aid from the Palestinians that
that's correct right who else gives the
Palestinians financial aid oh I don't
know this but I'm imagining other other
countries in the region
maybe Saudi Arabia right now if somebody
said Iran I don't know exactly what kind
of support Iran does if it's just
supporting the terrorists stuff or if
it's more but Iran is broke so you've
got the United States isn't given the
Palestinians money the Saudi Arabia and
the others who say that the peace plan
looks good now have a reason to stop
funding the Palestinians if they were I
don't know the exact situation there but
I assume the Palestinians were getting
help from a variety of places if they
turn down the deal and other people say
you know is you're never going to get a
better deal than this so if you turn
this down why the hell am I going to
waste my money sending money to your
your failed country you can't even help
yourself so this situation we've never
been in where the Palestinians have a
choice and it has nothing to do with
other people's choices this is the cool
part if the Palestinians decide to not
try to become a recognized nation they
can what will that change well it
changes nothing in Israel they're just
going to draw their borders and do
everything that they were going to do
anyway doesn't change what they're you
know so-called
allies and
region would do the same thing so I
think the only thing that the
Palestinians have to decide is whether
they want help and redevelopment and
money from other countries or not do
they want to be a nation building
towards something good or not but Israel
doesn't have to agree with what they do
they don't even have to care so you you
actually have a situation where the
Palestinians have been isolated all
their sport is either eroded to the
point of trivial or gone and they can
just live their own life and it can be a
good one or a bad one and nobody cares
you've never seen this before
this is not a peace plan it's a path and
we're already walking down it we don't
have to wait for anybody I've never seen
anything like this really it doesn't fit
in any good category so I think that's
also why people are going to have
trouble understanding it it doesn't
doesn't fit any other model
I guess the borders our border people
have found the longest border tunnel
ever that they've discovered under the
the border between Mexico and the United
States and there's such a thing as a
tunnel task force did you know that
there's a tunnel task force and I guess
they find tunnels and this one was
really well built at ventilation and
lighting electricity and it ran for long
long stretch out in Ottawa but here's
the question I asked myself why do you
need a tunnel did you ever wonder that
you know I know they use all kinds of
different means to ship drugs in
probably some by land and air and sea
and everything else but isn't a tunnel a
pretty hard thing to do I know the
cartels have lots of money and resources
but it's kind of hard to build the
tunnel with with all the resources that
it requires and I thought to myself
would you be building this tunnel if it
were easy to just go across the border
on land have we gotten to the point
where it's just so hard to cross
where there's a wall or maybe even where
there is no wall that it's easier to
build a tunnel
why is it easier to build a tunnel that
all of those other places
the only thing I could take away from
this is that we're getting a lot better
with our border security now I know
there have been tunnels for a long time
but the fact that tunnels are needed at
all suggests that that those other those
other mechanisms for getting into the
country have a higher risk so I imagined
we're getting better at detecting
tunnels there's got to be some
technology for that all right see oh
here's a here's a little persuasion
lesson for you
this comes courtesy of Mark Snyder our
favorite our favorite nuclear energy
advocates and he he had this realization
which he tweeted about which I thought
was amazingly clever and good persuasion
and it goes like this I'll just I'll
just read you his tweet it just occurred
to me why nuclear waste leaks scare
people the waste from weapons production
was stored as a liquid alright so you
see you get it right if you knew that
nuclear waste was liquid that's pretty
scary because do you think well if his
liquid isn't gonna melt through the
bottom or whatever you put it in if you
wait long enough
are you sure that thing is well sealed
can't that like would get out and then
Mark points out and I didn't know this
this was brand new information for me he
says in his tweet inside the spent fuel
containers at commercial sites you know
the ones that are just producing
electricity inside those fuel containers
the spent fuel are solid fuel assemblies
and they showed a picture of one they're
actually like physical solid tubes and
sort of a structure that holds them
together and I thought if you see I I
was gonna I didn't have time I was gonna
print out a picture and show - yeah the
rods physical rods and I thought
that really changes how you see this if
you said to somebody to control nuclear
waste we've got to put these hard rods
inside a container dozen isn't that a
completely different mental model than
any kind of a liquid waste it completely
am i right
it completely changes how you feel about
the risk doesn't it
let me test that on you if you knew that
it was a solid doesn't that tell you
well yeah we can definitely put a solid
in a container and they'll probably stay
there forever somebody says they already
knew that well I didn't know it and let
me point out what makes this so good so
this is persuasion wise first of all
it's visual visual persuasion always
wins so so if I the way I'm telling you
is not nearly as persuasive as if you
saw the picture I'm merely describing
you see it and you go oh that does look
safe
so it's visual it's simple you know
weapons used to use nuclear waste would
have nuclear waste commercial ones that
ones we care about don't pretty simple
and it's also a contrast play because
he's contrasting how safe these solid
ones are with what you imagined was less
safe than liquid version so you got
contrast simplicity is visual and it
reframes the argument perfect perfect
perfect
persuasion all right let's see what else
we got I think we've hit all the big
points I think that's all we got
so watch today in delight and
entertainment as people misinterpret
Dershowitz and argue against their own
hallucination it'll be fun I will talk
to you later