[Music]
hey
everybody come on in here it's time for
coffee with Scott Adams that's me and
you're you that's all we need no that's
not all we need we also need a beverage
I like coffee and if you like a beverage
and you like the simultaneous hip grab
your cup your mug your chalice your
Stein your thermos if you will and join
me for the saneus
Sip oh thank you for that super heart I
appreciate
that well there's a lot of news
according to
CNN president Trump is uh
deviously uh denuclearizing the the
Korean peninsula to distract from
Michael Cohen's
testimony I'm not even making that up
that's an actual headline you know or an
article it's an article in CNN's page
that he's literally using North Korean
denuclearization as a distraction from
Michael Cohen now correct me if I'm
wrong it seems Seems like we already
know what Cohen's going to say because
it's been reported
but here are some immediate
observations there there's a conspiracy
theory that there's nothing in my
cup and yet you can see that there
is ah
delicious
um so does it seem to you that this
whole Coen
testimony is a lot like uh Heraldo
opening Al Capone safe do you remember
that story heral this is many years ago
Heraldo had a an exclusive special in
which he had discovered Al Capone safe
and he opened it on live TV only to find
that there wasn't much in
there um uh I love her Aldo but that was
a funny event in his life and now we're
watching the uh the Cohen bombshell
and I happened to turn on TV late late
last night and see Don Lemon and his uh
assembled battle talking about what they
knew already Cohen was going to say cuz
I guess there's some release release of
a statement or something and I kept
waiting for the
bombshell did you do that did you have
the same experience I did it's like oh
God there's a bombshell coming where's
the bombshell and he kept reading things
as if they were bombshells
except the only thing bombshell about it
was the way he was reading it and so to
give you a demonstration of Don Lemon or
anybody else's
CNN reading the
Bombshells from Michael Cohen I give you
dale dale can you come over here
okay there are
Bombshells Bombshells I say from Michael
Goen let me read a
few this is going to be big
folks Michael Cohen is going to
testify that Donald Trump uses
hairspray whoa what does this mean for
impeachment panel anybody this is the
big one this is what we've been waiting
for this is something we never knew
before this is new bombshell
bombshell and
scene is it my
imagination where is everything that has
already been revealed about what Cohen's
going to say all the stuff we already
knew let me give you an example of some
of the
Bombshells I'm not even making this up
if if you came into this without
actually knowing that this is real you
would not believe that I'm giving you
the straight Story one of the Bombshells
is that Michael Cohen once saw Don Jr
say to his father that a meeting had
been
set that's it that's the bomshell now I
happen to be around the same time frame
as Don Jr's meeting with the Russian
lawyer but I don't think I don't think
that's much connecting material there
because
do you know what uh campaigns do more
than any other thing what's the one
thing a presidential campaign does in
terms of the way it spends its time more
than any other
thing um
meeting what is the most common thing
that Donald Trump does during his day a
meeting do you know who else had a
meeting with Donald Trump even I had a
meeting
with the president meetings are kind of
what you do that would be the opposite
of a
bombshell I personally witnessed Don Jr
breathing oxygen oxygen I say probably
related to The Climate disaster or
something I don't know it seems like a
bombshell I don't know why but he was
breathing i s it with my own eyes my own
ears bub shell
see um let's see what other Bombshells
all the rest is the stuff we already
knew but then there then CNN likes to
throw in that Cohen has a quote racist
allegation that'll be some new thing we
hear
now I watched Don Lemon read the
statement that Cowen is going to
present and it was curiously
missing a racial
allegation or Don Lemon decided not to
mention an allegation of racism from
Michael Cohen oh I don't think that
happened I don't believe that Don Lemon
would have skipped that part of the
story and yes CNN is still reporting
that there's some kind of racist
bombshell coming
but why don't we know what that is
already maybe it's still ahead of us
we'll see but here's the funniest thing
of
all did you see the
uh the Matt
Gates uh tweets about about Cohen you
you think things have gone to the you
know the greatest extreme you'll ever
see on Twitter you know every once a
while you see a tweet and you'll say
well nobody's going to go further than
that like I I don't think any body will
do a tweet that's more outrageous than
that one and then you wake up in the
morning and you go well let's see what's
on
Twitter somebody topped it somebody
topped it so in case you didn't see it
mat Kates mentioned on
Twitter I say mentioned CNN is reporting
it as threats and and intimidating a
witness that uh maybe maybe it was time
for Michael Cohen according to Matt
gates to talked to his wife and his
father-in-law about his quote
girlfriends now I don't have any
personal information about Michael
Cohen's girlfriends but let's just say
somebody does I'm sure somebody does
somewhere somebody has it I doubt he
would have tweeted it otherwise
now is it over the
line for oh and then he also wondered if
uh Cohen's wife would uh stay with him
while he's in prison
so I've never quite seen anybody tweet
that somebody's wife is going to be
banging another guy when when he's in
prison that's as Extreme as I think I've
ever
seen on Twitter I mean that's really
taking it to the edge and as soon as I
saw that I thought to myself oh my God
Gates is going to get he's going to get
just destroyed by the Press because
they're going to say say that's way over
the line you you know it's uh it's
threatening it's everything else and
then I watched him defending it
defending his tweet a oh he's deleted it
somebody says but it doesn't matter
because he already got the press and so
when they asked him to defend it he said
and I'm paraphrasing well Michael
Cohen's already lied to Congress he's
already lied to meller he's lied to the
police he's lied to I don't know who
else and then he said shouldn't we also
know if he's lied to his
family because it's part of the context
of knowing whether we can trust what he
says about the president and I thought
to myself that is
simultaneously the dirtiest trick I've
ever
seen at the same time it's kind of valid
meaning that if we're trying to judge is
he
credible it does count you don't want it
to count count you know you would like
to live in a world where none of that
stuff ever comes up and it doesn't
matter and it's not directly related to
the questions let's just forget about it
but it does kind of count it does count
and to me it it looked like a a case of
mutually assured destruction meaning
that Michael Cohen is so destroyed at
this point I'm not happy about that by
the way I can't I can't be happy about
anybody's life being destroyed but
uh Matt Gates just snuffed out whatever
was left of any hope this guy had of
getting out of and out of college
getting out of jail in a few years and
returning to his happy life it doesn't
look like that's going to happen uh
which is
horrible but it can fairly be said that
Michael Cohen brought all of it upon
himself
so um Matt G from a perspective of
persuasion and now we will depart from
the moral and ethical framework and I'll
I'll trust you to put your own moral and
ethical you know filter on this but
that's not my expertise unless I'm
wearing my Pope hat so I'll just talk
about the persuasion element of it so
Matt Gates got the entire country
including uh the anti-trumpers to focus
on how many times Cohen has lied and in
how many different fields of Endeavors
he's lied we all just talked about how
much Cohen was a big old liar across all
kinds of different fields and including
cheating on his wife allegedly according
to Matt Gates
and it was probably one of the most
successful persuasion plays you're going
to see all year now had somebody said
that Matt Gates deleted his tweet well I
don't know if that's true I kind of hope
it is
but the Tweet did everything it was
supposed to do it made the entire
country focus on Matt Gates and and what
did CNN and and most of the news say
about him they said they called him a a
close Confidant of the
president now if you're in Congress and
you're a young guy or a young
woman and the news all over the country
is reporting that you're a close
Confidant to the president of the United
States does that work for you yes it
does it works for you really well
because it shows that you're not just
one of the Congress people but you're
connected to power in a in a way that
they're not so uh and then and then also
I have to say and again we're talking
about persuasion only you can put your
own ethical and moral filters on what
I'm talking about and I'll trust you to
do that but just in terms of the
effectiveness of the
persuasion it turns out that Matt Gates
is really good on
television and so when they tried to
sort of corner him to make him I don't
know walk back his tweet or his comments
not only did he not walk them back but
he just he he had a base clearing home
run in competently explaining his point
and making it actually relevant to the
news and defending it now you could
argue that he still shouldn't have done
it and moral and ethical concerns are
bigger and I'm not even going to get
into that argument but boy did he hit a
home run both for his career and for his
objective I guess which was to decrease
Cohen's credibility what little he had
now let's give you an update on the
Charlottesville
hoax for anybody knew the charot Phil
hoax is CNN and other anti-trumpers
still reporting the fake news that
president Trump called white supremacist
fine people now of course that didn't
happen it's widely reported as fact and
just didn't happen what did happen is
that the president referring to people
on both sides of the Confederate statue
issue said there are good people who
hold both you know fine people on both
sides meaning that there are people who
can hold both opinions and still be fine
people not referring to the racist who
he specifically disavowed but CNN still
reports as if he said they were fine
people fake news so catching you up I I
have made a number of public statements
that it's fake news and then uh Joel
poock in Breitbart writing for Breitbart
made a big article calling uh Chris
Cuomo a liar a damned liar those were
his actual words in a tweet that I
retweeted it's got over 2,000
retweets talking about CNN calling them
out uh and and uh and Joel's quote
actually you know tags
Cuomo so I would say there is zero
chance that they are not aware of this
criticism don't know for sure but I
would say that the odds of them being
unaware of it are close to zero and so
we
waited and and I gave you a challenge I
said watch how we will be ignored and
can you imagine that there would be any
other situation in which someone as
prominent as me and again you know I'm
not super prominent I'm sort of you know
lowlevel
prominent but prominent enough that if I
say something outrageous it makes news
you know I am a source of news if I say
anything provocative or outrageous and
you've seen it a million times you
know you know a few times a week I'll
see an article about me something I said
and it's in the mainstream media
Etc and I predict
that it would be completely ignored even
though it's amazingly provocative I'm
calling a major
story a major story I'm calling it fake
news right in
public and I'm not being challenged on
it because nobody can challenge it to
challenge it would be to dismantle the
entire
anti-trump Machinery it would it would
it would lay be how nakedly partisan
they are even more so than people
already understand I think people
understand the CNN as partisan they
understand the Fox News as partisan but
they don't quite understand the degree
of it the degree of it is still shocking
and not visible to everyone and and when
the Charlottesville hoax Falls and I
think it will I think that will someday
be called one of the biggest hoaxes of
all time uh it's going to change
people's minds about how big the problem
is so it will size it but it won't
change people's general idea of it so
it's now day two day two no reaction
whatsoever no push back no no sending us
a link to show why we're wrong no
telling us that we're crazy no saying
that we're illegitimate
commenters no no argument
whatsoever on something incredible
provocative that's the dog that doesn't
bark ladies and gentlemen that is the
white space in your uh it's the blank
space in your um composition of your
portrait it's the part you need to pay
attention to by its uh non-existence all
right let's talk about North Korea
um I looked at the initial photos I
think they were probably the first
photos of trump and Kim and I thought
that Kim looked ill did anybody else
have that impression so chairman Kim in
the first the initial photos that were
um excuse
me the initial photos where they were
shaking hands for the camera uh he
looked he looked like he was struggling
a little bit like he yeah he was sweaty
but I don't think that was a problem it
looked like he was a little unhealthy or
something uh somebody said scared or
nervous maybe I mean maybe he was
nervous it's possible but he looked ill
now when I saw the pictures of the the
dinner he looked you know he looked like
he was feeling better um yeah it was a
long train ride he probably he probably
is probably didn't sleep much
Etc now I was then I was also looking at
the chemistry between Trump and Kim they
were just sort of having some minor
interactions and uh unlike most of you
although like some of you I suppose um I
got to
spend um some time just a little bit
with President Trump in the white house
and I got to experience his his sort of
focused Charisma mostly when you see the
president he's he's broadcasting his
Charisma in other words it's it's one
person the president talking to millions
of people and so that's one mode but you
haven't seen his focused Charisma
meaning it's just you you and him
oneon-one and his focused Charisma is
pretty freaking strong all right it's it
would be hard to be in his presence
alone and not and not feel like you're
with somebody who's got some extra you
know gear you know he's got that
Charisma thing that you just I don't
know if you're born with it or you
develop it but he definitely has a lot
of
it somebody says he healed Kim by
touching him that's pretty funny um but
anyway my reaction was it looked like
the two of them have a
genuine um personal connection and
someday assuming things go well with
North Korea and I and I think that they
clearly are that's my opinion um someday
[Laughter]
someday I think people are going to say
that his genius was understanding that
this was a personal problem disguised as
a military problem disguised as a
political problem and maybe it just
never was maybe it was just a personal
problem and and he was the first one to
to understand it correctly I think
that's how history will write this story
all
right so we'll wait to see about all
that now let's talk about climate change
um I I told you I'm doing a deep dive
extended Deep dive on climate change and
um so I'll give you periodic updates and
I'll do them at the end of uh
my uh my presentations now keep in mind
that when I talk about climate change
I'm Tak I'm coming at it from a
different window than most I'm coming at
it from an ignorant
but
um but smart person who has a great
incentive to understand the topic and I
have found so far the the preliminary
conclusions the preliminary conclusion
is that both the climate scientist
majority and the Skeptics are lying a
lot which is why both sides find it easy
not to change sides cuz both sides can
look at the other and say well you're
clearly lying about that
so why would I trust anything else but
it's both ways there there are enough
Skeptics who are simply ridiculous that
the climate scientists can look at them
and say look you guys are ridiculous
here are five reasons boom boom boom
boom boom these are all ridiculous and
they're right right a lot of what the
Skeptics say is just flat out ridiculous
my favorite ridiculous skeptical
argument somebody said name one I
will is that the climate science
scientists have forgotten to include the
effects of the sun on
warming now I don't have to be too
deeply into the the details of climate
science to know without even looking
into it that the scientists who study
climate and
warmth did not forget to include all
aspects of the Sun from the solar flares
to the Tipping of the Earth to the
distances of stuff I guarantee you if
there's one thing I will I will bet my
life on is that clim a scientist did not
forget the sun okay so that's one of the
things that the scientists point at as
and mock them
correctly but there are things that the
Skeptics say about the the the other
argument that I have equal problems with
all
right so I wanted to um ask ask you this
question so we've all been watching the
news if you're still on this Periscope
you have at least a little bit of
interest in climate science and
understanding it let me ask you this the
most basic question about climate
science climate change right here's the
most basic question and I want to see if
you can answer
it have we already seen evidence of
climate change in extreme weather now
extreme weather would be everything from
uh hurricanes to droughts to rainfall to
flooding uh I might be forgetting some
but Extreme weather all right so let me
ask you most basic question have we seen
evidence of climate change
already in extreme weather now see now
most of you are um climate Skeptics and
I'm seeing that almost all of you are
saying no all right so let me read to
you CNN um article from today so this is
brand new this is today's
article on CNN and I'll just read you
the first sentence from the article it
says the extreme weather that comes with
climate change is becoming The New
Normal so normal that people aren't
talking about it as much and that could
be a problem so the article goes on to
say that people are getting complacent
against about all these weather extremes
so here's the sentence again and what
I'm going to talk about is the exact
wording of these things so so pay
attention to the exact wording first
sentence on CNN on this article the
extreme weather that comes with climate
change does that indicate to you that
climate scientists the the consensus of
climate science have detected extreme
weather that is directly because of
climate change
it sort of indicates they have right if
you were to read this and you'd never
read anything else you'd say oh the
extreme weather that comes with climate
change therefore we know climate change
causes extreme weather but you know
what's
missing human
induced it doesn't say the extreme
weather that comes with man-made or man
inspired climate change but your brain
fills that in doesn't it
so if you read this you think to
yourself my God humans are causing
climate change climate change is causing
extreme weather and we've already seen
it that's the that's the feeling I would
get from reading this how much of that
is close to the truth well so I did a
Google search to find out the answer
just this morning all right I thought
well this will be easy to check I'll
just do a quick Google search I'll look
for the most credible sources and I'll
see what the most credible sources say
about whether or not extreme weather is
already evidence of climate change and I
want to break this down for
you so I looked at the uh ipcc
report on climate change and I I'm
taking that as my uh most
authoritative uh let's say government
approved Source if you will so here are
the difference between what the climate
science majority let's say the climate
scientists in whether it's a consensus
or majority versus Skeptics so the
climate science majority would say that
CO2 is the main driver of our our
increase you it's the main driver of the
rate of increase in
warming whereas the Skeptics would say
it's a minor driver so that's the main
difference the Skeptics don't say CO2
has no impact they say it has a minor
impact
and then the climate science majority
seems to say that extreme weather is
evidence of the theory it's predicted
and then if you see it that would be
evidence and the climate Skeptics would
say there's no evidence of that there's
no evidence so let's see what the IPC
ipcc report says and I'm taking this
from carbon brief a website who is just
quoting the ipcc report right so this is
the official word and now we can see if
the if the Skeptics or I'll put this up
so you can see it while I'm reading it
let's see if the Skeptics or the climate
science majority is closer to the ipcc
the official climate most the most uh
credible
report um so here it is the quote from
the IPC uh states that is quote very
likely at at least 90% certain humans
contributed to the increase in hot days
and decrease in cold
days for heat waves is likely at least
60% 66% certain that human activities
were a contributing factor all right so
it says that there's a 90% chance that
humans contributed to the increase in
hot days does that match the climate
majority or does it match the
Skeptics it's a trick question cuz it
matches both it doesn't say that that's
the only reason the temperature is going
up it does say that uh humans
contributed to the increase contributed
is the position of both the Skeptics
most of them there are some Skeptics who
wouldn't say this but the majority of
Skeptics would say yeah it contributed
just not that much so this so so far the
ipcc is compatible with both
the Skeptics and the climate majority
but let's go on with other types of
extreme events changes in past trends at
any human contribution are harder to
spot harder to spot so if you're not
just talking about heat waves the other
extremes are harder to spot let's go
on says take hurricanes for example
there's no clear pattern suggesting how
they've changed the world so hurricanes
apparently do not have a clear pattern
of changing because of climate who is
that closer to well that's closer to the
climate Skeptics who say that we can't
see the signal in extreme
weather
um at least we can't see the signal of
man-made climate change in extreme
weather and so far the ipcc is
agreeing all right uh but there are
certain but scientists have identified
certain parts of the ocean like in the
North Atlantic where the number of
intense hurricanes has
increased but keep in mind that the
sentence before that said there's not a
there's not a pattern yet but there is
one place that they're increasing but
they don't say that's evidence of of
man-made climate change or even climate
change it's just something that's
happening and it says droughts drought
Trends also differ from region to region
with a global picture
unclear so droughts don't seem to fit a
pattern which they can identify as a
fingerprint of man-made climate
change uh one extreme missing from this
picture is flooding all right so that's
another indicator at the moment
scientists don't have enough data to
make conclusive statements about changes
in the last few decades or to make
predictions about the
future so the
ipcc their conclusion if if it's being
presented correctly on this website and
if it's not I hope somebody will fact
check me but the ipcc report is
compatible with climate
Skeptics because climate Skeptics agree
that C2 has some impact on
warming and the ipcc says that too and
the Skeptics say we can't see the
evidence in the extreme uh in the
extreme weather conditions the closest
the ipcc gets to that is to say that
warming uh that there is global warming
but they don't say what you know anyway
you get my point so my point is that
even the most basic question of have we
seen the global warming sort of up in
the air so let's return to um Tony heler
so you might remember that famous
skeptic I got to sign on this
computer Tony heler famous climate
skeptic uh I asked him for his top five
arguments against the the climate
science consensus and uh I'm going to do
them in order in no
particular in no particular schedule but
today let's talk about his second Point
second of his Five Points so this is uh
I think this is delling Pole's writer
named delling pole who summarized Tony's
Five Points and here's the second one if
the case for global warming were as
strong as these experts say the debate
would be over by
now so I don't buy that part so Tony
heler is saying if the evidence were as
strong as the experts say the debate
would be over my observation is that
debates are never over no matter how
much evidence you have so I would
disagree with that part but let's read
the second part
um all of their talking about the
climate alarmists this is Tony heler
saying that all of their uh apocalyptic
predictions have failed miserably what
reason do we have to believe them so
Tony's um point is that predictions from
the past have failed
measurably now he gives lots of examples
but my problem with Tony's analysis is
that they a lot of them are from
you know uh individual anecdotal things
such as news reports in which the news
reported some individual or some small
group said that there was going to be
this or that and it didn't happen um I
don't know that you could
demonstrate that there was ever a
climate consensus
prediction and that it made a specific
um that the that the entire consensus
made a prediction that that did or did
not happen I don't know that that's true
I do know that there are lots of
individuals Al Gore would be one
different groups so there have been lots
of predictions made in the past that
have not come true so Tony heler I
believe is correct and saying that many
people have made climate predictions
since the 70s since you know even before
that and that they have been Incorrect
and Al Gore has made predictions that
are incorrect but did all of their
predictions match the climate consensus
in other words was there such a thing as
a climate consensus
prediction squirrel just came up to my
door um squirrel I feel like a dog I
literally just got distracted by a
squirrel
squirrel
um
and and so I don't know that you could
say that the climate predictions were
all bad because there must have been a
lot of them now if there were a lot of
them and some of them were this high and
some of them were this High some of them
are going to be true so I would say that
you cannot you cannot say that the
predictions of the past have been
correct and that you probably can't say
they've been
incorrect because you're sort of apples
and oranges and squirrels right it's
you're sort of all over the board so I
will accept Tony hel's
argument that there have not been
predictions in the extremes that have
come true there have been predictions
about temperatures there have been
predictions about um the poles and the
ice and those are separate questions but
on the questions specifically of uh
apocalyptic
predictions we have seen nothing
apocalyptic we've seen things edging up
you know the temperatures edged up we've
seen ice melting according to the
scientists but my life's about the same
and your life's about the same so even
if they're right about the
direction Tony heler is correct that
nobody has been right yet about the
apocalyptic part that doesn't mean they
will never be right about that but
that's the point now if we give tony
heler the win on the your predictions of
the past have been more wrong than right
and I think that that's a fair
statement does that
disprove uh the risk of climate change
no it does not it does not so Tony's
point I take as valid but it's not a
stake in the heart it just means in the
past we've made bad predictions it
doesn't mean that there's no problem it
doesn't mean that those that those
disasters are not ahead of us it just
means they haven't been right yet so I
take uh so Tony heler gets the victory
on point two for correctly pointing out
that we are bad at predicting and
science hasn't made many many other bad
predictions and therefore their
credibility when it comes to any future
predictions should be seen in the
context of all the failed predictions
and that should inform your sense of how
How likely that is so I'll give him the
win on that
um but it's far from proving that
climate change is not a problem those
are those are different he can get the
win on the individual point but he's far
from getting the win on the big picture
Okay
um you can't sort this out this way not
going to work trying to balance
this well you you left out the reason
now a lot of people have uh criticized
me for the way I'm you know entering
this conversation my lack of
understanding my giving credibility to
any of the doubters
ETC
and uh I would say
this you don't know where this is going
so don't judge this process in the
second inning so my my deep dive on this
climate issue is beginning it's not
ending and so if you think you can judge
how it went based on the first few
Innings I think you're going to be wrong
so uh my current view for those who
don't know is that I don't know if I
should be worried about this climate
stuff or not I do know both sides are
lying and they're both lying a
lot not I'm not talking about any person
but the team on both sides are just full
of BS and so if somebody's trying to
make us decide on one of those sides
they need to pick their best champion
and and uh fight it out from
there now the funniest thing about
climate change is that the uh I guess
the house uh convened some kind of a
climate change panel did you see that
story and uh the Democrats didn't show
up to their own climate change panel the
most important issue in the entire world
and the Democrats were just busy so they
didn't show up but it gets better
because because so few Democrats showed
up to their own meeting the Republicans
who are not big on climate change the
Republicans outnumbered them and
so one of the Republicans
one of the Republicans made a motion to
cancel the meeting and there were enough
Republicans in the room to vote it so
they just canceled the meeting and
walked away and it became like this
amazingly uh amazingly embarrassing
thing for the Democrats that are pushing
this green new deal but proving at the
same time well they don't really mean it
they are no more serious about this than
anybody
else now you uh or they're no more
serious than the public at large which
apparently is not that not that
concerned about it because climate
change ends up pretty low on the list of
our priorities according to recent polls
um was AOC there I don't think she
was uh
now um I've I talked yesterday to uh Dr
Shiva you know you're one of my favorite
guests on my
periscopes and he's agreed to come on
and give us some climate change
information in a way that you probably
haven't seen
before U it's very unusual to have
somebody who can understand the topic at
the
depth that Dr shiven because he's you
know multi-disciplinary and um sort of a
genius in about five different you know
fields of technology and science
and so I'm going to invite him on here
uh we'll connect today and pick a time
and I just want to get his Insight
because it won't be like anything you've
seen before um almost everybody
else uh almost everybody
else has a different take on this so
it'll be interesting to get his and I'll
I'll invite him on soon all
right
um somebody says I predict you will end
your climate research where you started
it as
undecided maybe I I would say that's a
definite
possibility somebody says all who oppose
nuclear power do not believe in climate
change um that's not exactly true it
could be that there are a lot of people
who don't know enough about climate uh
about uh new nuclear designs so I I
think the people who are worried about
the climate but don't want nuclear are
probably maybe
underinformative
your research at climate change is a
long-term inside joke with
yourself um let me say that I am
certainly not above running a long-term
prank on the public
it it's not outside of my comfort zone
and it's not it's certainly not
something I wouldn't do uh but in this
case I'm
not I don't I'm not even sure what that
prank would look like and and if there's
one thing I can promise you if you ask
me if I'm running a prank and I give you
a direct answer no I am not running a
prank this is not an inside joke if I
tell you directly you can always count
on that to be true cuz if if I'm running
a prank and somebody calls it out I'm
probably going to admit
it I'm not going to directly I would
never directly deny a prank once
somebody found out it's a prank unless
you know unless I was just running it
for another five minutes or
something
uh exactly what a prankster would
say I like that some of you are not so
sure about that I like that uncertainty
in you my prediction is you will go left
if Bernie sewi belief I don't know what
that
means yes somebody says admitting the
prank when it's called is the rules I I
accept that as a rule if you're running
a prank and people and people catch
you you should you should come clean if
not you know if not that minute at least
fairly soon
because the fun is over once you've been
outed Scott man it's difficult to earn
people's trust when you've lost it
that's true and I would never I would
never suggest that you should have trust
in other people's
opinions if any of you still have this
experience of something called
trust you should lose that right if
somebody can't convince you with their
argument and their
evidence do not depend on their trust as
the
tiebreaker that that is a bad strategy
so I would ask none of you to trust me
on anything you you should listen Al I
won't I won't use the should word I
would ask you to listen to my
arguments I would ask you to fact check
me as aggressively as you like because
uh unlike Maybe people who do this in
public I don't mind being
wrong I know it doesn't seem like that
because I I aggressively defend my
opinions and you you watch that so if if
you see me aggressively defend my
opinions you would get the impression
that I don't like being wrong but I kind
of like it because every time you find
out that you thought something was sure
you know certain and you find out you
were wrong your your understanding of
the world just goes you know and you can
understand how easily you can be fooled
so understanding how easily you can be
duped is one of the most valuable things
you'll ever experience so if you told me
Scott you've been saying X forever and
now you know science has proven you're
wrong I'd say cool that's like the best
thing somebody's saying here's another
skeptical thing that somebody's saying
in the comments that's one of the
Terrible terrible skeptical arguments
somebody is saying you tell me what is
the ideal temperature Scott if you can't
tell me what the ideal temperature of
the earth is then why are we worried
that it's changing we don't know if it's
going to a better temperature that's one
of the worst skeptical arguments and the
reason is that the skeptical argument is
that it will keep getting hotter until
the system breaks
down saying that you don't know what the
ideal temperature is is not even on the
right
question right you you're you're so far
from even understanding what the issue
is that you're talking about you should
never say that I use should again let me
put it in non should words the reason I
complain about the word should is that
people use it as a substitute for giving
a reason well you just should do that
well why if you can't give the why
you know you should skip the
should and I will say that if your
argument is we don't know what the ideal
temperature is you make yourself look
stupid to people who understand the
topic so I won't say you shouldn't do it
I'll say that when you do it you look
stupid to people who understand the
topic because it's among the worst of
the arguments and now you've been
informed that the the question is not
finding the ideal temperature but rather
the general statement that no matter
what the ideal temperature is there
certainly is something that's too warm
and that can break down the you know we
don't know what that level is but
there's some level that things break
down there's no doubt about
that
um yeah Cohen is talking about
all right so I think we all need to
watch the Cohen stuff I'm going to do a
little drawing while I'm watching that
if anything interesting comes out of
that I might jump back on Periscope but
I don't know maybe yes maybe no and I
will talk to you later