hmm mmm pom pom pom pom pom pom pom um
hello Henry did everybody else streaming
on in here because you know this is the
place to be there are other places in
the world but if you were to compare all
those other places this place is better
and you know what you're gonna need to
enjoy the simultaneous if you do you
need any one of these things you need a
cup or a mug or glasses stein the
chalice the tanker the thermos a flask a
canteen a vessel of any kind fill it
with your favorite look what I like
coffee you might like something else but
join me now for the unparalleled
pleasure the dopamine head of the day
the thing that makes everything better
the simultaneous is simple now there is
a new website which I want to look at
while I'm talking about it so car
peidong Tom who I believe just slide
down here has announced a new website
for memes called a meme world Emmy Emmy
world.com looking at it right now and
where it's essentially a site where car
peidong come the meme maker to the
president and other people yeah
he's put together a website where you
can go and see all the latest memes now
isn't the first thing that you think of
when you hear that you say to yourself
nobody did that yet and I'm pretty sure
nobody did that yet so it turns out that
it's exactly the right you know hole and
the the offerings and I think they going
into 2020 this could be huge so if
you're looking for a me and where you
saw one you want to you don't know where
you saw it you don't want to look all
over Twitter for it you can just go to
meet world.com and I believe there's
thing for other meme makers to
contribute material so there are a
number of me makers already on them
check that out
Lima world a doc you know I don't think
prior to 2016 I don't think people
understood the power of the memes
I don't know that memes change anybody's
mind on the other side I don't know if
they have that kind of power but they
definitely galvanized that the team that
they're on so in terms of team building
and you know raising the energy and
making a fun they really do add a lot so
I would say that consolidating support
is a pretty valid function of what they
do all right
sleepy Joe had his latest gaffe now I've
got a question
I keep hearing people use the phrase
human gaffe machine
did anybody use that before I did
because it feels like it feels like
exactly the sort of term that either I
could have heard somewhere and don't
remember it and then when I said it I
thought whoa I just came up with
something but I hear it hear it being
used a lot in the news and by pundits
and I don't know if it's just sort of an
obvious thing or did somebody say it
first
you know because the most likely
explanation is several people said it
and and we all think that we invented it
that's it's often the case so so I know
a lot of people used it before but I
don't know who used it first and I don't
know if there's any a chain of influence
most likely most likely it's just a
common enough phrase that a number of
different people have used it so I'm not
going to claim any credit for that but I
see it everywhere so I've turned the
page on these gaffes if you didn't see
the latest one it's worth seeing so this
is what baton said yesterday I guess
some Buyten said just like in my
generation when I get out of school when
Bobby Kennedy and
dr. King had been assassinated in the
70s the late 70s when I got engaged
Biden recalled but unfortunately King
and Kennedy were murdered in 1968 so he
confused by a decade the murders now
it's not just that he got you got the
the date wrong because remember I I know
a lot of you looking at the comments and
I know a lot of you want to talk about
my tweet on guns and I'm going to talk
about that in a moment
but it's not gonna go the way you wanted
it to so stay tuned for that I'll make
you away from that all right and so
here's here's my take on the Biden when
we first started calling him the human
gas machine and he had all these
compilation tapes of his little gaffes I
think most of you heard me say I think
some of you heard me say that you
shouldn't make too much of the gaffes
because you could make a compilation
tape of me or anybody else having lots
of gaps if you put them all together it
would look different than if you saw
them in the wild and you say oh you
misspoke it wouldn't mean much to you at
all it doesn't look like that anymore
yeah if you look at this last one I'm no
expert you know I'm not a doctor
but in this context I don't need to be
one because the way the way I'm
receiving you know his act in other
words independent of what's actually
happening with Biden the way I see it
the way I feel it and experience him is
a mental decline and here's my thing if
it was just good fun mocking him for the
missteps and stuff would just be part of
politics part of the fun it's part of
the game yeah it's a little mean but
everybody knows what they're signing up
for it's not any meaner than what their
on the other side you know you can kind
of explain it away we had a good time
making fun at as gaffes but I gotta tell
you I turned the corner on this
yesterday after saving this latest one
this isn't funny anymore
this is not funny number one he can't
possibly win right he he can't possibly
win just just watching him try to keep
up it's just obvious he can't win
secondly I'll bet there's not a single
person at the top of the Democrat ticket
who in an honest private moment thinks
Biden should be the candidate I'll bet
there's nobody who's close to the
situation and it really understands
politics who believe that he should be
the candidate and that he could win but
nobody and I don't think people want to
say it out loud because it would be
unkind I don't know if somebody on the
Democrat side can can just speak the
truth to this which is hey no joke
anymore we're kind of concerned about
this right it's not funny
because it's real at this point I think
I've turned the corner from gosh that
sort of humorously looks like he's
losing a step it's not funny anymore
it's not funny and here's my suggestion
which worked very well for Bill Clinton
when he was running against Bob Dole Bob
Dole was trying to run a campaign
against incumbent Bill Clinton and Al
Gore in which Bob Dole was gonna be the
the guy who brought back the the respect
of the country the the proper way to
behave the greatest generation ethnos
and philosophy and stuff so Bob Dole was
going to be the guy who returned you
know this sitting presidency into a
respectable old-timey you know kind of
look and how did Clinton take him out
well Clinton probably would have won
conditions but what Clinton did with
dole was devastating
he said he respected essentially I'm
paraphrasing Clinton started paying
respect to dole and saying that we
really respect his you know contribution
his service and but he's he is planning
for the past and we're planning for the
future so in other words he treated Bob
Dole not like a powerful competitor he
treated him like a subject of sympathy
and respect it might be time to start
treating Biden that way because I don't
think he has a chance of winning so we
don't have to think of him in terms of
you know the competitor who was a valid
competitor and I don't think it's
patronizing once you're sure what's
going on now if you weren't sure what's
going on you could say well it's a
little unkind to make some medical
assumptions etc but once you turn the
corner as I did and and really until
yesterday I was telling myself well
Biden's you know a certain age but I
don't quite see he's definitely losing
the step that matters you know maybe
just a little bit to age but maybe it
doesn't matter
yesterday I turned the corner it looks
like it matters it looks like it's
important it looks like there's a
serious situation there and I'll bet
everybody who's close to him is
completely aware of it so my own opinion
is that I'm going to turn to respect for
his service and and some sympathy I
think that Biden has been a good you
know public servant for a thousand years
or whatever it's been probably loves
this country as much as anybody ever did
worked hard probably did what he thought
was best you don't hear a lot of charges
of corruption or anything like that so
yeah he did not serve in the military as
far as I know but in terms of respect he
did sort of his
service country in the in the political
sense not the military sense so that's
my lesson right you takin Biden is um I
feel just sympathy for him and I think
we somehow somehow the Democrats I hope
they find a way to do the right thing
you know what they have to do at this
point they just need to do the right
thing and they need to find a way to do
it without being unkind and it's
probably going to be a tough needle to
thread all right I'd like to do a new
segment that I'm introducing this new
segment I call I'm so outraged and each
day we'll take a headline and I'll bring
in Dale to be outraged about it Dale
Dale did you hear that the president
recently said and I quote I think any
Jewish people that vote for a Democrat
it shows either a total lack of
knowledge or great disloyalty what do
you think about that Dale totally Dale
are you are you personally outraged or
are you outraged on behalf of other
people behalf of other people it doesn't
bother me personally because I'm not the
kind of person with it yeah I don't have
a thin skin for other people see so each
day will do one outrage because the news
has turned into people being outraged
but it's kind of outrage theater
wouldn't you say does any of the outrage
look real you when was the last time you
saw an outrage because everybody's
outrage both sides you know we're we're
outraged that the other side is doing
this the other side is outraged that
we're doing this and all of the outrage
is fake isn't it
now I'm not saying that there are
genuine issues at the bottom of these
things yeah the question live the dual
apparently the the accusation of dual
loyalty when when made of an American
citizen who's got Jewish heritage is
that the right term
Jewish heritage I could accidentally be
offending somebody and not even knowing
it but let's let's use that word for now
so apparently that's a known anti-jewish
trope trope meaning things that people
say a lot I don't know did all of you
know that we're all of you aware that
that's a known bad thing to say I think
I would have sort of figured it out in
context but I can't say it was on the
top of my mind but again it wasn't it's
never been aimed at me so why would it
be so here's the thing so now the
president says something that can be
interpreted in more than one way so his
supporters say well you know that's not
what it means it means being loyal to
people you you know you have an
association NORAD not a identity with
etc.the the whole dual loyalty thing
simplifies the world a little too much
because what would be wrong with a
person who likes two things
well I can't why can't you be Jewish
like who says you can't do this why
can't you be Jewish love your country
let's say the United States and also be
very supportive of Israel like you can't
do that who says you can't do that they
are after all one of our closest allies
probably the country that would step up
first you know if if it came to a
shooting war in America was involved you
know I mean Great Britain and Israel
would be fighting with each other to see
who was the first Ally to help the
United States if the United States ever
gotten some kind of a shooting trouble
that was worldwide
so why can't why can't an American
citizen say I love my country and I love
that another country - they're pretty
awesome we have to turn that into dual
loyalty and then be outraged about Ray's
so I think it's been two years since I
saw anybody who was actually outraged
but we've all been outraged on behalf of
other people so on behalf of other
people I'm outraged all right let's talk
about a tweet that's why you're here
that should that should keep you here so
I tweeted something yesterday that got
people Hammond looking for my actual
tweet here and it says here's what I
tweeted because I'm a troublemaker I
tweeted the following letting the NRA
determine gun laws he is as good a
system is letting immigrants decide our
immigration policy and Facebook deciding
who becomes president we do all three
how about our government does some
effing work for a change alright alright
is your hair on fire yet now you could
imagine that a great deal of hate and an
insults were directed my way how many of
the people who directed hates and
insults my way understood what they were
criticizing probably none probably man
every day of my life is me defending
myself both personally and on social
media against things people simply
imagine that I'm thinking that I don't
think I've never said so somebody so
let's let's deal with all the complaints
from the people who misinterpreted it
and are complaining about the wrong
thing
because I see some of you in the
comments
so let me let me tell you what I was
saying and I'll read it again what I'm
saying in this tweet is that we should
always have the right system for who
makes the decision I'm making a
distinction between what the decision
will be which I'm not talking about
nothing in my tweet suggests I'm telling
you which way a decision should go if
you thought I was saying which way a
decision should go
you don't understand the tweet and what
you're criticizing is your own
imagination so this is a tweet about
having systems in which you have the
right people making decisions in this
case I'm saying that our government
should make the decisions about gun
policy I'm saying that the citizens and
the the government so the government is
citizens being a team the government and
the citizens should decide who gets
elected president not Facebook not
Twitter not Google I'm saying that the
the government and the people should
decide what our gun laws are and of
course the Constitution is part of that
conversation
but we get to change the constitution
too if we want if enough people want to
change the Constitution if we want to
reinterpret it if we want to play around
with the margins we have that power I'm
now saying you should do it
I'm not saying you should do anything in
particular I'm saying that who makes the
decision should be the government that's
a representative government a republic
and the people working with their
government trying things for example you
know maybe do some trials see what works
inform the people have a little feedback
loop make some decisions likewise with
immigration do you know who is making
the who is making the decisions on
American immigration the immigrants
themselves at the moment because the
numbers are overwhelming our system the
decision of who gets into the country is
largely the people coming into the
country because the government does not
control who comes into
the country anymore we don't have that
power we've we've allowed it to evolve
it to the point where there are more
people coming and there's so many people
here in stay you couldn't possibly
there's no practical way even if you
want to do even if you thought it was
immoral and you made you couldn't do it
they're just too many so here's the
general the general statement the
general statement is you want systems
not goals so my book had a failed almost
everything and still win big is
primarily about that about developing
the system to get the best result not
having a goal with no system here's a
goal here's a goal nobody dies
unnecessarily from gun violence that's a
goal nobody nobody gets shot
accidentally or by a crime good goal
useless completely useless here's the
system the government gets information
becomes educated try some things and
then the things that work they they make
bigger that would be a system the people
being informed you know maybe trying
some things as a system I prefer a
system where the government and the
people working together are respecting
the Constitution trying to see what we
could do maybe all of the efforts should
be in mental health I'm not saying you
shouldn't maybe there should be some
tweaks like gun stocks and little things
that that even the gun the gun advocates
wouldn't care too much about and
wouldn't you know deeply affect the
Constitution that way so that's the
system
likewise with immigration I think our
immigration system should be strong
enough that the citizens and the
government of the United States can
decide to push the lever forward or back
let more in laughs you were in who's
who's deciding the government to the
United States working with the people
right now we don't have a system we have
a goal treat everybody nice just treat
everybody well you know and that goal
gets you
an accidental system where the
immigrants themselves are deciding who
lives here if you want that that's the
system you got if you don't want that
maybe you want a better system then
likewise with our social media as you
know if we if the government doesn't do
something fairly aggressively to control
the bias that's either intentional or
accidental in the social media then we
don't have the same system of government
we used to I would prefer that we fight
and claw to keep what we've had which is
a useful system where people vote and
you know the Republic does his job and
they make laws and such instead of
having social media have that much power
now now that you understand
I did not say take away your guns a very
pro gun I'm probably as pro-gun as the
most pro-gun person here but I'm also
pro system and if if the citizens of the
United States collectively with their
government decided to make some gun laws
that I personally Scott do not think are
the greatest I still be inclined to go
along with it because the system we
introduced that input and I would trust
the system now what it was last time you
read the Second Amendment a lot of
people complain to me and said Scott the
NRA is not determining gun laws the NRA
is simply defending the Constitution and
informing the government and you know
creating gun safety and all of those
things do you really think that's true
now I do understand that the NRA is
about the government but do you believe
that any Republican running for a major
office could cross the NRA and still get
elected does anybody believe that
because if you can't cross the NRA and
still get elected as a Republican then
the NRA determines what we do with
it's as simple as that because if you
can't get enough Republicans on board to
pass a law that it can't get passed and
that would be the NRA is influenced am I
wrong in the facts
am I wrong on the facts that would be
difficult to impossible for a Republican
to get elected after going directly at
the NRA I think I'm right about that
right that effectively makes our system
of government being managed by an
unelected group now some of you are
saying my Constitution gives me my
second Amendment rights and the NRA is
helping me defend them so it's about the
Constitution the NRA is just defending
the Constitution that's great
you love the Constitution so do I sin
why we can bond on our love of the
Constitution but have you read the rest
of it it's a big document there's this
one little big thing about guns and it's
right in there in the Constitution and
I'm with you
Constitution says something about gun
rights it's right there do you know what
else is in the Constitution well there's
something about a representative
government and presidents and Congress
and all that it gives the control of our
decision-making to our elected
representatives it doesn't give it to
the NRA so if you like the Constitution
you can certainly love the fact that the
NRA is a a tireless advocate for
supporting the Constitution I love that
but if it crosses that line into taking
the job that the Constitution gives to
the government well then it's no longer
compatible with the Constitution isn't
it's now a conflict with the bigger part
of the Constitution the gun part is
important and I think and I would agree
with the people who say citizens should
stay armed to protect themselves from
our own government I'm totally on board
with that idea by the way so you don't
have to talk me into that so here's what
the here's what the
institution says to I'll give you the
exact language here if I can find it oh
damn it uh how did I write that down
without being coherence so second
amendment in the exact words matter when
you talk about this stuff so the second
amendment says and I quote a
well-regulated militia militia is
capitalized not sure how important that
is a well-regulated militia capital
letter being necessary to the security
of a free State the right of the people
to keep and bear Arms shall not be
infringed now the first thing I would
know is that it's already infringed it's
super infringed there's probably no
constitutional right more infringed
already that the second amendment why
because what has arms mean what does the
word arms mean it doesn't just mean a
handgun or a rifle
it means arms can you get a nuclear
weapon well you'd have a lot of problems
there but now can you own a tank a
flamethrower a hand grenade launcher can
you get a bazooka can you have without
any restrictions can you have a fully
automatic you can buy one might cost you
$30,000 and a lot of paperwork and you
get on every list in the world but you
could buy one so I would argue that
there has never been a constitutional
right more thoroughly thoroughly
infringed already than this one if you
if you interpret arms to be any kind of
weapon hand grenades and you know mines
you name it so the first thing is are we
in a risk at risk right now of our
government you know I don't know
overthrowing the country and becoming a
dictatorship because the citizens do not
have access to those high-end weapons
you know like missile launchers and
drones and
banks and stuff probably Matt probably
not probably doesn't make any difference
I don't go to bed thinking oh if only
they had not infringed my right to have
a flamethrower yes I know you like musk
makes a toy flamethrower but it's not a
real weapon that would be very useful so
I think most of you have completely not
completely let's say I'd say 98% of your
second Amendment rights are already gone
there is gone as anything could ever be
nothing is more gone than your Second
Amendment right you know it's not
completely gone because you can still
own firearms and certain limited
circumstances but 98% of all the things
you might ever want to do in the realm
of arming yourself against your own
government can't do right so that's the
first thing
98% of it's gone and you didn't even
notice all right
somebody says nice straw man is this
program did do you think that the Second
Amendment when it says arms was trying
to limit it to just muskets I mean
that's all they they could imagine at
the time but did it do you think that
the Second Amendment intended to prevent
somebody from having their own cannon I
don't know the answer to that by the way
does anybody you can tell the answer
yeah when the original Constitution was
formed were you allowed to have a cannon
if just a private cannon
probably yes right I'm just guessing so
you know I could get fact-checked on
that pretty easily I don't know
so people I see all the guns rights
people already bristly but so far I
haven't said anything you disagree with
I've said that 98% of your rights are
already gone and you haven't noticed now
that's I haven't I haven't made a point
yet I've just said something you agree
with that you can't buy a flamethrower
that's it
so so far you agree with me right
secondly as I read this sentence I say
to myself huh it seems like the key
sentences here are militia or key parts
of militia and necessary to the security
of a free State now when I read that I
say to myself of the obvious intention
of that was that the United States had
to protect itself from let's say Great
Britain trying to take over to protect
itself from an external force so my
reading of the Constitution is that it
does not give you gun rights for the
purpose of protecting against your own
government but I can see how it got
interpreted that way so I can see how a
Supreme Court would say yeah they
probably didn't see this coming you know
it probably would it was made it was
really about protecting against external
forces but we're gonna interpret this to
mean that maybe you need to protect
against your own government or just that
you have the right so here's my tank my
reading of it is that the Constitution
did not give you the right to have guns
to protect against your own government
it did give you the right to own guns to
protect against external forces and
that's somewhat useless at this point
because external forces are not really a
big major threat for taking over this
country our military is too strong now
if if for some reason our military
rolled over and people did try to take
over the country it'd be hard to hold
the country because we're pretty well
armed so whether or not this right was
let's say let's say that the militia
part of the the Second Amendment has
been interpreted into our current
understanding of gun rights which in my
opinion says that it's not in the
Constitution the government essentially
created this right by defining it in
modern
terms so it looks to be like a created
right or a manufactured rights which I
appreciate so in my opinion again we're
all cam ature lawyers and none of you
know even the experts disagree about
what the Constitution said or meant or
how it should be interpreted so remember
even the smartest people in the world
are on different sides of what I'm
talking about
so if you're saying Scott you're an
idiot just remember that I am an idiot
but I'm also on the same team with a
bunch of smart people who think that
they agree with me whichever side I'm on
I'm gonna be on the side with more
people so my take is that the government
can do whatever it wants with guns as
long as it makes sense as long as the
people are with it if 99% of the people
in the united states said hey government
please take our guns away would I
complain that the Constitution had a
vague statement about militia and that
no I would not in the hypothetical
situation where 98% of the public said
please take our guns government take him
away we don't want these in the house
they're just bad you know we'll trust
our government not to do whatever now I
don't think there would ever be a time
when 99% of the public said please take
our guns away but if they did would you
worry would you be concerned that there
was a vague statement in the
Constitution in hundreds of years ago
that really didn't what didn't even
create our current situation without
being interpreted fairly broadly nobody
would care the fact is we have a
government because in any situation
whether it's in the Constitution or not
we can change the Constitution we can we
can make laws you know restricting
things we can reinterpret the
Constitution it's our government we can
do what we want as long as there's a
system that we all respect so when
people say is that the Constitution true
yes it's true enough
it's true enough but does it matter what
you should be deciding in every case is
what what should we do for the future if
you're making a decision based on the
fact that somebody wrote on the document
200 years ago that's no way to make a
decision does it matter to you there's
something wrote something on a document
200 years ago
no it should only matter to you then it
still works it still makes sense to you
in modern times now like you said I'm
pro-gun
I don't think citizens should be
disarmed I think it does create a threat
of a totalitarian government maybe the
right way some day and I also think that
people are different risk profiles so
it's unambiguously true that guns make
some people less safe lots of people
less safe while it is unambiguously true
that some people are more safe I would
be an example so a person like me public
figure I'm more safe owning a gun you
know because I would be smart enough to
take gun training I would be smart
enough to have a gun lock I would be
smart enough to keep it somewhere safe I
would be smart enough to be trained I'd
be smart enough not to use it unless it
was the right situation I don't have any
mental health well I don't have any
mental health problems that we've been
relevant to gun ownership
I don't think anomie actually have names
in terms of mental health problems so
pro-gun but I'm also a pro system I
think the United States and the people
should decide so I say to all of my
critics many of you are still on here
who said to me Scott we gotta keep our
guns and blah blah the NRA
protection to all of you who thought you
were disagreeing with me and we're wrong
I say your opinion I care about you are
a voter you're a citizen in this country
if you disagree with me on guns I care
about your opinion I might disagree but
I want to hear it I absolutely
care and respect your opinion I don't
respect or care about a private
organizations opinion because I didn't
elect the NRA all right they don't work
for me but you and I are on the same
team if you disagree with me I care and
I'm gonna listen to you and I'm gonna
hear your argument all right so here's
one the topic of extending background
searches came up and I say to myself
would this be unconstitutional
well we already have background checks
so it doesn't seem to me that we would
have a constitutional problem with
extending them so they're more complete
now apparently background checks at
least extending them or making them more
comprehensive has been taken off the
table I know this because I read a story
on CNN they said that after president
talked to the NRA there are some rumors
that that conversation was sort of you
know putting the cap on it and that that
that changed the president's mind now we
don't know that that's true you know I I
don't buy the there sort of is it a
trope I don't buy the idea that the
president just listens to the last
person he talked to you know he's not
doing any independent of thinking he's
just listening to the NRA and making
policies the world is never that simple
right that's just the cartoon version of
what's happening but nonetheless I do
imagine that the NRA had you know a
complete opinion there might be more
complete than the people on the other
side so one of the things that the NRA
does well is advocacy and one of the
things they do well is they're more
informed about the topic than the people
they're talking to so would you agree
that the NRA in general is far more
informed on every one of these topics
subtopics of guns than the people they
talk to then the politicians and the
people mostly
and that's good that's a resource that's
valuable you know we want we want more
of that and we you know and we love any
good work that the NRI does teaching
people to be responsible gun owners etc
but here's the thing where I'm heading
for I looked for CNN to learn more about
what this topic is about why do we need
to extend background checks
where are they not extended to already
and what is the problem with extending
background checks and or is there some
situation that it works and some that it
doesn't find me on any so Reid any story
about gun control this week on any major
publication see if you can find any any
writer who's writing about the story who
tells you the pros and cons of the
biggest issue on the table there should
be other issues I suppose but seemingly
the big one is background checks find
somebody who will even tell you the pros
and cons of background checks how many
of you watching this you're citizens you
think you're part of the process you
think your votes count and all that tell
me how many of you think you understand
the pros and cons of increasing
background checks I sure don't because I
can't find any reporting on now I'm
pretty sure I could go research it on my
own but is it that the job of the news
if it's the headline news that we're
talking about background checks in that
the president might have changed his
mind changed his mind about what can you
even give me some hint what the topic is
all right how about a topic so here's my
take on that
I'm pro-gun for all the all the right
reasons
I think the NRA and I would be you know
completely compatible about what are the
the good side of having guns but I'm not
seeing anything that looks like a debate
do you think they you the public had any
influence on the question of background
checks because it looks to me like the
NRA who is not an elected organization
talk to the president and then the
president may have been influenced we
don't know it's probably more
complicated than just one conversation
but why are we the people completely in
the dark on this what's going on is
there something going on we don't
understand well I know one thing I don't
understand it any topic on gun control I
don't understand any of them now some of
them are simple like you know
confiscation regarding buybacks those
are easy to understand but why is this
background check so completely non
explained what's the whole have we ever
tested it could we test it small if it
has already been tested small how did it
do where's any of that reporting there's
no reporting so that we the people can
influence our government to create laws
that were happy with where's that
process didn't happen got short short
cut it by the NRA now is the NRA right
or are they wrong on the topic of
background checks if you said yes or you
said no you're missing the points
because the NRA is not our elected
government well I love that they have
information that they can inform they
can advise that's great you could do
more of it not less not be happy but
we're still missing the government Park
the part where the the government tells
us well we've got this this on the table
let's tell you what we're talking about
let's have a vote let's do some polls
see how the public is thinking let's
create a small trial we'll try it in one
state that volunteered to try it where's
all that it's missing all we have is an
unelected organization great
organization
do good work I don't have a particular
thing I disagree with it because I don't
understand the issues that much but
they're not the government and we've
allowed them to take that position all
right so I think I have beaten a horse
to death and then I can't beat you
all right so if you look at the comments
on Twitter to my tweet you'll see that
pretty much a hundred percent of the
people who want me dead now just didn't
understand the point they imagined
because everybody runs into the two
sides imaginary frame they imagine that
if I said anything about limiting the
nras
let's saying government implements that
therefore I'm anti-gun could it be the
opposite yeah how about on pro system
I want a system that is representative
of the people and responsive to the
people and the NRA is not that system
it's good in many ways as many good
qualities it's just not the system of
government that's any of us want alright
that's all I got to say about that I I
see that I see that my critics got a lot
quieter once once I explained the
situation
you know the probably the strongest
concept I've ever introduced to the
world you know I'm imagining that some
day after I'm long gone there will be
two things I'm remembered for and
neither of them will be Dilbert one will
be the idea of systems being more
important than goals which people sort
of understood in different ways forever
but there's something about capturing a
thought in in a let's say a good
linguistic package that makes it more
powerful so just all the people who have
learned to think more in terms of
systems and less in terms of goals I
hear from them literally every day every
day somebody emails me and says my life
is complete
changed because of understanding systems
over goals now I have systems to you
know exercises and everything else and
then the other concept is the there we
go we'll get we'll get rid of this
person it just doesn't doesn't want to
deal with some honesty here and the
other thing is that the talent stack the
idea that if you stack the right group
of talents you can become special even
if none of those individual talents are
the best in the world those two things I
think are going to be the most lasting
thing that I've added to the world
according to other people that's that's
what I hear every day so I like that
concept applied to everything whether
it's government or anything else so
those of you who think you're on the
other side for me on gun control you're
probably not I just like good systems
not bad systems so he says you need to
do a little research into the NRA
what do you think I'm gonna find that I
don't know I'm not saying I shouldn't
just give you a hint
what do you think I would learn about
the NRA that I don't already know
you can fit that in a comment so let me
know oh here we go
here's somebody who's saying a comment I
want to come in and somebody says you'll
never solve the problem
without getting to the root of the
problem so one of the complaints I heard
was hey Scott you can't solve the gun
problem until you get to the root of the
problem well I've got a book for you
it's called loser think and one of the
chapters deals with that way of bad
thinking and the bad thinking that I'm
talking about is imagining that you need
to find the root of the problem to solve
it that is actually irrational thinking
there are quite a bit there are lots of
situations where where the solution is
not related to the root of the problem
and if you limit yourself to well I got
to get to the root
problem or I can't do anything then
you're missing all of the other
solutions they have nothing to do with
the root of the problem but they still
work for example what is the root of the
problem of let's say crime
well the root of the problem might be
bad education system it might be the
economy is bad
maybe there's mental illness maybe
there's drug addiction so you could
argue all day about what the root of the
problem is for a crime but you're still
gonna lock your door at home now locking
your door at home doesn't solve the root
problem but it's still a good idea all
right
so and so it is true for most things
that your solution might be locking the
door and that has nothing to do with the
root of the problem you also want to
find it rude and deal with that as well
but still lock the door all right if
you're if you tell yourself you can't
act until we all agree on the root of
the problem
that's what loser think that is a style
of thinking that is unproductive says
booth cat by the way I teach all my cats
to relax when they pick them up like
this you have to boo is actually a very
jumpy cat so you can see she's being a
little bit hypnotized now this is this
gentle rocking I also learned that she
can't take too long though I've also
learned with booth that if I put my hand
on her upper chest she gets all she gets
all relaxed I don't know why all right
I'm just looking at your I don't know
what half of your comments mean okay
that's all I got to say for now and then
we'll talk to you all later
bye for now