I don't do bum-bum-bum-bum-bum
um well it's a wonderful Sunday some of
you are off searching it up but not me
I'm here working and drinking coffee and
talking to you so if you're lucky enough
to be available it's time for the
simultaneous sip and coffee with Scott
Adams that's me
raise your mugs grab your beverage and
let's simultaneous sip uh if you're
still brewing I see somebody's still
brewing will we will we'll get you
another simultaneous step all right we
have several fun topics in no particular
order number one I am watching with
great entertainment and interest as
Jordan Peterson is being picked to death
by the by the lesser educated media and
I love it because he tends to say things
that I have said in the past and gotten
in great trouble but unlike me he can
back up what he says so the big
difference between a lot of you no I'm
not saying that I agree with everything
Jordan Peterson's ever said I might I
just don't know everything you said so
I'm not disagreeing with him I just
can't claim I agree with everything
because I don't know everything he's
ever said but he's getting in trouble
right now for saying something I got in
trouble several years ago I got in
trouble for exactly the same thing or
very similar maybe not exactly but he
can back it up with research and you
know and scholarship so it's fun to
watch him winning the fight that I lost
so I'm getting great entertainment value
out of that and the idea that he's
putting out is that monogamy is
for reducing violence I hope I'm not
miss characterizing him like everybody
else in the world is mischaracterizing
him but essentially the idea is that if
you pair a man and a woman the ban is
going to be a little less violent on
average at least less violent to society
he might be more violent to the woman I
suppose but in terms of societal
violence outside of the outside of the
actual couple so and apparently there's
there are a number of studies in the
biological evolutionary field that make
it pretty clear that if you have if you
have a situation where the rich guy has
a hundred wives you've got a lot of
extra of males and they they end up
getting in trouble and causing trouble
and creating violence and such now when
I said it several years ago I said it
without the benefit of any scholarly
anything yeah I might have linked to one
article or something but I just got to
eviscerate it for the idea that there's
something about so let me generalize a
little bit because I got eviscerated
several times for related ideas and the
thought was here's here's the dangerous
part of the thought that there's
something about the way society is
organized not in every place but you
know we're talking about the whole world
there's something about the way
society's optimized
that's bad for boys and that one of the
side effects of that system that is not
organized to optimize male experience is
that the men who are not optimizing
their experience you get in trouble now
even listening to me say it I'm going to
disavow myself so you should ignore
everything I say on this topic because
there are people who know what they're
talking about
Jordan Peterson is one follow him on
Twitter and you can see lots of links to
scholarly scholarly things which make
the same point
so as we're trying to figure out what
the heck's behind these school shootings
and what the heck's behind all this
terrorism and you know problems in the
Middle East and pretty much 98% or
whatever of the the violent people are
males and most of them are young ish so
what's going on now I maybe I tweeted
this morning but I deleted it because I
I got caught tweeting a fake Kanye
account you should never tweet before
you have your coffee in the morning
every time I've retweeted a fake account
which I've done a number of times it's
always before I have my coffee it's like
uh uh will be retweet this this looks
good oh it's not the real Kanye it's a
fake Kanye but the point of it was still
interesting at least my point so I was
saying that if you're trying to
understand school shootings it's not
that complicated
here's the equation school's right you
need a school to have a school shooting
guns you gotta have guns boys it's
always boys bullies there's always a
bully yep I'll bet I'll bet a hundred
percent of the ten times there's a bully
involved an outcast who doesn't have a
girlfriend relating this to the first
point it's a boy who's been separated
from any sort of meaning you know
doesn't doesn't see a path that looks
like he's gonna be on the waiting path
that seems to be a path that other boys
are taking then you add to all of the
feelings that this person is going to
have the bullying the lack of hope maybe
there's some you know slight or bigger
mental problems that wouldn't have been
a problem in the past because in the
past they would not have all these other
elements at the same time and one of
those elements is and this is just me
talking this is not science one of those
elements is video games and then the
news itself about all the school
shootings
now people will be quick to jump on me
and say you idiot Scott why are you not
aware of all of this studies that show
there is no link between violence and
video games and violence in the real
world well I don't know if those studies
exist or not because they're not exactly
what I'm talking about I'm not saying
that the average boy is influenced to
violence by video games all right that's
what I'm not saying likewise I
understand their studies that also agree
with that that the average kid is not
inspired to violence by a video game
here's what I do claim something like
and this is just sort of just to make
the point an approximation
perhaps one out of a hundred thousand
kids boys who are sort of on the edge
and they're thinking I don't like what
my situation is what do I do
and what video games do and what the
news reports about the school shootings
do is they take an idea that might not
have occurred to the kid and they make
it top of mind now I don't need a study
I don't need a study to tell me that
people are more likely to act on things
that are top of mind
nobody needs to show me a study on that
that's just too obvious
all right so if you add the the fact
that they think of this idea because of
video games because of the news about
school shootings probably takes both of
those things and by the way who has shed
who has studied video games plus the
news because you'd have to study both
I'm saying that they probably interact
just in the obvious level you know not
the not the kind of level where you have
to study and really do a controlled
experience but at the obvious level
humans are influenced by what's on their
mind we are far less influenced by
things we're not thinking about all
right I don't need a study to show you
that
my point was it would be surprising if
we did not have school shootings and it
would be surprising if we don't have
lots more of them now that's slightly
different you know that the prediction
that we're going to have them and more
of them we have all the conditions for
that to happen and to be lots more of
them and nothing's changing so there's
nothing particularly changing that will
change them now the question of whether
we could harden the targets the the
answer is I hate to tell you here's the
here's the honest answer to can we
harden the targets at the schools I I
hate to say it but here's the honest
answer we don't care enough that's it
that's all answer obviously we could
harden the targets at the school
obviously we could protect all the
schools there isn't even the slightest
chance we can't do that we could we
could protect those schools proud of all
the problems that we have if you look at
all the big problems in the world this
is the easiest one we could bring school
violence at least the mass killing types
with guns down to zero do you know how
we would have to do to make that happen
care more we just have to make it a
priority it's just not a priority
because most people say even now yeah
even with all the skills shootings we've
seen the odds of my kid guiding getting
shot still very small but if you want to
take another thousand dollars out of my
paycheck per year to cover all this
school and force them that thousand
dollars is real the odds of my kid
getting killed my specific kid getting
killed very small so people don't care
enough that's the only problem all right
we could we could solve it easily just
by playing lots of cards lots of you
know fixing some of the physical stuff
you know there's probably ten ways we
could solve it completely if we cared
so let's now pretend that we care enough
to solve it because that's the problem
all right now let's talk about there was
a fun study that Business Insider talked
about I tweeted it so you can see it in
my my tweet feed Twitter feed that and I
talked about this more because it's fun
and funny than because it's necessarily
scientifically valid all right
so I'm not I'm not going to put too much
credibility in this study but there was
a study recently that said that
journalists are below average in
executive function and below average and
the ability to get past bias now I think
it was a small study with 40 journalists
or something so it would have to be
reproduced you know lots of times before
you could say there's anything to it but
it fits with my preconceived notions so
I like any kind of study that matches
what I already thought was true whether
or not it's true or not I'm gonna like
it just as much now my observation is
that if I meet somebody who's let's say
an engineer or somebody in the technical
field and I disagree with them so this
is a continuous thing I have all me
somebody who's a professional engineer
and they disagree with me on let's say
politics we'll have a discussion I will
note absolutely no cognitive dissonance
happening in the engineer the engineer
will say fact fact show me your source
but pretty much you know they're gonna
follow the fact chain to wherever it
goes and I've actually seen engineers
change their minds in real-time which is
kind of weird you almost never see that
right but if you give an engineer a new
set of facts the engineer will go all
right I will take those new that new set
of facts I'll put that into the hopper
and you know maybe I'll change my mind
you see you do the same thing with a
journalist you will get anger you know
it's true you you tell an engineer
they're wrong what what's the first if
you tell an engineer they're wrong the
engineer will have two feelings they'll
feel a little bit through ego you know a
little bit of personal yeah nobody likes
to be wrong right so if you show an
engineer they're wrong they have two
feelings one is a being wrong and I like
that at all but the other one that is
unique to engineers and people who think
like that right not just the people who
went through the engineering school but
the other thing that's true of them is
they're gonna have a second emotion the
first one is uh I hate being wrong I
don't like this at all the second one is
this is kind of exciting it's exciting
to be wrong if you're an engineer
because you just you might be learning
something this might be improving your
power because if you go from being wrong
about something to be right about
something as an engineer that's pretty
important all right so I think
engineer's are unique and that they're
they hate being wrong like everybody
else in the world but they also like it
because it means they learn something
and they they went to a better place do
the same thing to a journalist and again
these are gross generalizations of
course there are lots of it exceptions
to both groups but generally speaking
you tell a journalist they're wrong what
is it reaction it's not excitement let
me tell you that they will write a hit
piece about you
about what an you are so they
they definitely are different people so
wouldn't surprise me to find out that
journalists are uniquely biased compared
to let's say people in other professions
such as lawyers doctors engineers
technical people people who are using
logic and rationality all day long
writers are not in that world alright
let's talk about a clip that somebody
sent to me and I tweeted around this
more
in which hypnotist Darren brown he's a
famous sort of TV hypnotist I guess
hypnotizes in just with words not not an
induction but just by conversation
hypnotizes actor Simon Pegg into
believing that Simon Pegg had written a
note in his pocket that said something
different than what it said now the
actual situation was they asked Simon
Pegg to write down on a piece of paper a
gift that he always wanted to have but
he never got so Simon Pegg wrote down on
his piece of paper leather jacket sealed
it signed it put it in this tiny
envelope and put it in his own wallet
where he is sure that nobody touched it
then he goes to hypnotist Aaron Brown
yeah so Darren Brown who talks to him
and through just a conversational
technique plus manipulation of the
scenery in the room which was probably
the more important part Simon Pegg
believes that he wrote on his piece of
paper that he wanted a red BMX bicycle
what he actually wrote was that he
wanted a leather jacket so Brown
actually rewrote simon Pegg's and
memories in real time while you're
watching it and it only took about five
minutes so in five minutes by just the
choice of words Darren brown the
hypnotist made Simon Pegg who knew he
was talking to a hypnotist all right so
Simon Pegg knew he was in an experiment
and so he was you know wary of all the
tricks looking for the tricks did it
help him to know that he was being
influenced it did not it did not now if
some of you watched the clip I see the
questions coming in what do you mean by
manipulating the scene Rita what do you
do there if you see the room that
they're in the room is mostly two
colours mostly white but there are lots
of red accents you know ready red
they're red red red so if you're sitting
in that room
and somebody says what color bicycle do
you want the odds of you saying red go
up by a huge factor and it's and you
would think it's because you prefer red
bicycles now red bicycles are fairly
common so you're also starting with
something that's at least in the top
that's in the top three or four right if
you said what color bicycle do you want
a top three top four answer is going to
be red so you so the room influenced the
color by being only white and red and
white is probably a less popular color
for a bicycle at least you don't see
many white bicycles then there were a
number of round objects that were paired
like the wheels of a bicycle you could
see over the shoulder of the hypnotist
there was an old-style real the real and
the real the real is going like like
bicycle tires behind him so while simon
pegg is talking to the hypnotist he's
looking over the hypnotist shoulder at
two things that look like bicycle tires
but are not right then and I will tell
you that I saw the technique as it was
happening you could see that Darren
brown was using words this sounded like
bike and BMX so he was working them into
the into sentences that were not were
not using any of those words but they
sounded like it so for example if you
were going to say if you wanted to
somebody to think of bike you might say
the sentence let's say there was
historical craft master and you could
say yeah I was parked by craft master
bike you're trying to say by craft
master if you said a quick could sell a
bike yeah I was over a bike craft master
now that's the terrible example I wish I
thought about it a little bit more I
could give you a better one
in the actual clip you'll see Darren
brown doing that trick but more
elegantly so the word bike is not spoken
but you still hear it like why you see
here BM
X and X and stuff so here's the here's
the shocking part
so once the hypnotist had convinced
Simon Pegg that what he wanted was a
bicycle oh and also there was a very
large box in the room and the hypnotist
said that the gift is in there now it
might be a big thing and it might be a
big thing in a big box or it could be a
small thing in a big box so the
hypnotist says you know the box is not a
clue
the size of the box because there could
be a small object here's what the
hypnotist knows the hypnotist knows that
the person seen in the box is going to
logically know it could be a small
object but irrationally they're thinking
big object and it was about the size of
a bicycle alright so the box itself was
huge persuasion even though the
hypnotist said oh don't look at the size
of the box because when you tell people
don't think of the size of the box what
does that make them do think of the size
of the box and that's part of the trick
now what's interesting is that once
Simon Pegg said yes what I want is a
bicycle then the hypnotist said is that
why you wrote on your note before we
talked that that's what you wanted and
Simon Pegg would be yeah I wrote BMX
bicycle of course and then he takes out
his own note in his own handwriting and
opens it up and sees that it says
leather jacket and you watch simon
Pegg's reactions like I don't know
what's happening here
now if you have not studied hypnosis you
probably think there was something about
that that was faked
maybe you think that Simon Pegg is in on
the joke he wasn't because what
everything that happened would be normal
within the hypnotist world in other
words this demonstration which seems
amazing to you would be ordinary for a
trained hypnotist this would be very
ordinary in fact there's a magic trick I
often did
that is the same drink so here's another
way you do this of the same trick yeah
oh let me just finish that point so
Simon Pegg actually rewrote his own
memories to believe that he wrote be a
BMX bike originally but in fact it was
leather jacket and it wasn't that long
ago that he wrote the note so you saw in
real time somebody's memories being
rewritten that that's the amazing part
of the trick now there's a similar trick
that I do in which I ask I take a I'll
take a deck of cards and I'll pick one
card out and I'll put it aside and I'll
say all right I'm gonna have you guess
what card I picked now if you do it with
a woman and you do it in a room this
color a lot of red stuff you pick out
what the what the subject doesn't know I
always say you always pick the Queen of
Hearts so you just no matter what you
always pick the Queen of Hearts and you
put it aside now they think you've
picked a random card but it wasn't
random you picked the one that you knew
would be most likely guessed why will
somebody guess Queen of Hearts number
one if you say to somebody mention think
of a card just you know think of a
playing card people gravitate toward the
the face cards very rarely will somebody
say seven of Spades they almost always
say King Queen you know
Jack so the tendency to say one of the
one of the face cards is very high then
if you're talking to a woman the odds
that the woman will say Queen versus
King or Jack which are the male cards
this is very high and the odds that they
would say hearts instead of diamonds
that gets a little bit you know closer
to two even but if you influenced your
your subject by something that made them
think about hearts or heart surgery or
Valentine's Day if you would prime them
with any of those thoughts and then put
them in a room with some obvious red
objects the odds that you can get
somebody to say Queen of Hearts
yeah the odds of somebody saying queen
of
arts is about in my experience 70% of
the time so 30% of the time I would just
say ah trick didn't work 70% of the time
the person would pick the Queen of
Hearts and would be blown away blown
away because they would think n of 52
cards how did you guess the one I was
going to guess and the answer is you
were always going to be in that area and
I just influenced you to narrow it down
a little bit more same trick all right
our David Blaine's recorded tricks
staged yes yeah they the so called
TV magicians as opposed to the TV
hypnotist the TV magicians do not have
an obligation to be honest to the
viewers they are an entertainment
product so because TV magicians are only
their only obligation is to entertain
they can they can just use trick
photography and anything else they want
and then just tell you they didn't you
know or just not mention it and by the
way that doesn't mean though all of
their tricks are TV magic I'll give you
a couple examples you you probably saw
the famous trick where the David
Copperfield has although the people
stand in a circle with their arms around
an airplane
alright so they've locked arms and they
put an airplane in the middle and then
later the airplane is gone but the
people are still locking harms and they
didn't hear anything moving and how is
that possible
here's how it's possible the people on
TV were all in on the trick that's it
that's the whole trick there's a there's
a David Blaine trick where he levitates
on the sidewalk have you seen that
you've seen the commercials where it
looks like he just goes and he goes he
goes off the ground and just stays that
way about this high have you ever seen
that one do you know how that one's done
I hate to ruin it for you
well all he does is turn in a certain
direction so that the audience can see
that he's lifting up on on one toe but
not the other toe so he's he's lifting
up on one toe the audience is seeing the
foot that's completely off the ground
and that foot is covering up the toe but
not the heel so you see two heels off
the ground and one toe off the ground
the other toe that's on the ground is
covered and it's this cool little
illusion but it only works for the
people who are in it just a narrow range
of view so when they film it they just
make sure they show it from that
perspective
and the people on the sidewalk very
likely saw how the trick was done but
then they will also splice in people who
are answering different questions so
you'll see an interview says you know
how do you do that in the console the
butt and the the person on the street
will give an honest response and they'll
say oh my god that blew my mind I can't
believe that happened but they might not
be talking about the same trick all
right so the things you see from the the
video magicians they have no obligation
it's not unethical a magician is there
to give you an experience and make you
feel fooled so how they fool you it
doesn't really matter because you're
getting the same experience however the
the hypnotists as far as I can tell are
actually doing exactly what they say
they're doing that there doesn't seem to
be a much of any TV trick oh no let me
take that back let me take that back I'm
going I'm going to rescind part of that
the TV hypnotist like Darren Brown does
have one TV trick that is that if the
simon pegg experiment had not worked you
wouldn't have seen it and and the trick
that Darren brown did on Simon Pegg
probably works seventy percent of the
time so if it had been in the 30 percent
you just wouldn't have seen it so it's
likely that he would not do that kind
a trick on a live stage what was Kreskin
Kreskin was just audience participation
so Kreskin was Kreskin used to read the
minds of the audience and there wasn't
much of a trick that those cases there
was either the audience was in on it or
the audience was the filmed ahead of
time so that they could see some stuff
or they had Confederates working with
the audience so though so for example
Kreskin might have I don't know if he
did this this is just one way it could
be done could have somebody who was in
the audience that works with him who
just strikes up a conversation in the
lobby before the audience goes in and
the person who was talking to him says
hey got any kids you know blah blah
maybe they find out their name and then
they can use the name to do a little
search quickly and find out a little bit
about the person if possible and then
Kreskin finds all that out before the
show those are some ways they could be
done but they're not mind-reading tricks
well I have Darren brown as a guest mm
probably not what about mediums the
people who talk to the dead oh I've done
that trick so you know the mediums who
pretend to talk to the dead
and the amazing part is they they seem
to know things that only your dead
relative could have known I personally
have done fake medium readings with
people who were blown away by how
amazingly accurate I was its the trick
is called a cold read where you make
some assumptions about people that are
just logical guesses and you get enough
of them right and they forget the ones
you got wrong and you pretend the ones
that were wrong we're really right
because you modify them after they're
wrong so there's there's just a
technique to make people think you're
you're getting information from their
relatives when you're just making
logical guesses
somebody said what's dogbert wearing
behind me that is a little space outfit
from my book the book cover the Dilbert
future from 1998 or whatever it was
what about cartoonists who convinced
people Trump is not a disaster well
you'd have to look at the data for that
how was that economy doing you know I
was thinking about this yesterday so
Trump's been on the job for what a year
and a half and it's possible we don't
know this yet right so it's too early to
say that this is true but it's possible
that in a year and a half
Trump won two wars North Korea and Isis
and presided over the strongest economy
we've ever had as of yesterday it looked
like there might be some success in
negotiating with China over trade deals
he's lowered illegal immigration he's
eliminated so far every every actual
Isis al Qaeda terrorist act on our soil
have we seen one since he's been
president I don't think so
he's lowered taxes he's lowered the
deficit and here's the fun part
the temperature of Earth has gone down
since he went into office now
I'm not saying he caused that to happen
apparently the the reduced temperatures
were expected because we were coming off
an El Nino or nee El Nino and whatever's
the opposite is lower temperatures after
that so apparently we're supposed to
have a few years of lower temperature
and that does not that does not
invalidate the climate models is just
funny it's just funny that the the one
person most you know most identified
with climate skeptic
ISM comes into office and the
temperature immediately goes down
I mean you if we're not a simulation I
don't know I mean it's a coincidence but
it's a fun coincidence yes he's going
after the human track traffickers etc
now when somebody says to me as they did
in this comment you know what about
cartoonists to convince people that
Trump is not a gigantic disaster I say
to myself we now understand the cause of
the problem as I started my periscope I
said that there's a study showing
journalists are easily influenced by
bias compared the more susceptible to
bias than other people what we've seen
is journalists who are susceptible to
bias buying into a story of Trump
monster and then they convince half of
the public the other half was not
convinced but if you're on the side who
believes well let me say this as starkly
and provocatively as I possibly can
if you watched the Darren brown exhibit
where he easily changed somebody's
current opinion and also their memory in
five minutes
using simple persuasion techniques that
shit's true that really happened and he
can reproduce that any time he wants not
a hundred percent of time but most of
the time yeah I believe the arm touches
by by the way Darren brown touched the
arm a number of times and I think the
arm touches were correlated when when he
was saying bike or or BMX I'd have to
see the video again but it looked like
he was correlating that so somebody
would make a special note of that that
part of the sentence but which would be
I suppose that would make sense all
right so if you saw how easily people
can be influenced then the real world in
which you you're in the Tron
derangement syndrome and you think that
you live in the country managed by a
monster despite all of the objective
data is saying the opposite pretty much
there might be some exception you know
there might be an exception like so you
know we it's it's a fact that we don't
have a healthcare that we're all happy
with and it's a fact that race relations
are bad so those two would be you know
if you had data on those I think that
would that would show what on every
other level you can see that the
president's objectively the economy is
up optimism's up we're in good shape
with North Korea the wars etc so for
half of the country to believe that
they're living in a disaster run by a
monster the only way you get there is if
the journalists take on the role of
Darren brown that's how we're here the
journalists have taken on the role of
the hypnotist who hypnotized just by
language and just by influence of the
room he influenced Simon Pegg it's
exactly the same mechanism you're seeing
a play if the journalists say it often
enough if they act like they're all on
the same side if they act like experts
if they give you one example after
another to to demonstrate their point
even if it's just confirmation bias half
of the country is going to buy into it
because we're wired that way
and half of the country will be
susceptible to it because of the the
team protection in other words if you
were on the team that is likely to
support Trump you're a little bit
protected against the the the fact free
bias telling you to change your opinion
but if you're already biased toward not
liking that side of the politics it's
very easy for the media to Darren brown
you
that's that's what we're watching
happened yeah so the example would be
when the media the somewhat universally
said Trump is calling immigrants animals
even though right in front of them was
the evidence that that did not happen so
these people you saw people are
rewriting their Hill in their own
personal history in real time just like
Simon Pegg did and you saw how that
happened it's because the media
convinced other people and convinced
themselves because it's sort of the echo
chamber thing they convinced themselves
that that they were dealing with the
monster so why wouldn't a monster talk
like a monster if Trump's a monster why
would we be surprised that he would talk
in monstrous terms but if you believe
he's not a monster you don't hear it I
listen to it live and I thought how in
the world did anybody interpret that as
meaning all immigrants are monsters like
it was mind boggling that anybody could
have had that interpretation but then he
watched Aaron Brown changed the memory
of Simon Pegg in real time and he and
you say okay that's how and it's not
even complicated to explain it's very
simple all right
somebody says it's tone if you're
referring to hypnosis some people think
that the way you speak the the cadence
the you know the timing of the way you
speak the maybe the tone that you're
using when you speak a lot of people
think that those are important to
influence they might be slightly
important in the sense that if you had a
bad voice it might be distracting but
there's very little technique in the in
the way your of wording things and one
of the best evidences of that is that
some of the best hypnotists of all time
had terrible voices and they don't all
talk the same all right yes let's talk
about mxv eie um or whatever it is the
cult i think it's an upstate New York
it's getting some airplay but not a lot
I just before I got on this this
periscope I watched a video clip of the
leader of that cult whose name is
Rainier I think his name is Rainier and
here's what was interesting yeah so I
only watched you know three minutes of
Randhir talking and people sent it to me
because they sent it to me because they
were curious whether he was persuasive
or a hypnotist or whatever and I
couldn't tell from that one clip I could
tell that he was speaking in a way that
would endear certain people to him that
was clear just because he sounded smart
and empathetic so if somebody sounds
really smart and they also have empathy
a certain number of people are going to
be drawn to them but the but the woman
who was interviewing him it was
fascinating because I would have judged
how do I say this without being sexist
or getting in trouble I think I can say
this just objectively if you were to see
the interviewer and then Renier the
person being interviewed on the street
you probably would have said that the
woman was far more
romantically and sexually valuable than
him in other words he looks sort of like
a nerdy love ish guy and she was
unusually attractive you know way above
average but what was interesting is if
you watch that that interview she is
clearly in love if you look at the way
she looks at him it's love now I don't
know if they have any history and that's
why he's that she is the interviewer but
it was kind of interesting to see how
much I mean there's serious love in her
eyes when she's looking at him
is it an ex-girlfriend maybe it is but
to watch that indicates that he's got
some persuasion power that's probably
pretty special apparently he used it for
evil if if the if the allegations are
true please explain my tweets about John
Legend somebody says so John Legend has
been sort of the anti Kanye West and and
in public trying to be friendly with
Kanye because I guess they are friends
and but also quite aggressively argue
against the idea that anybody should be
a pro Trump essentially and what I'm
watching is John Legend exhibit bias and
hatred in his in his effort to discredit
to bias and hatred so you're watching
him become the irrational angry
hate-filled creature which are his whole
point that you should not be now I don't
think he realizes it or maybe he does I
don't know but it's it's hard to watch
because he's going through something
that see my guess is that he's he's a
smart guy but he's watching other smart
people disagree and it's causing him
some distance
he's trying to figure out how he could
be so so sure of something while he's
watching other people that he thought
were smart have have reversed from where
he was to something different and
defending it pretty well you know
Candice Owens does the cleanest example
of defending that point of view and for
him to watch that and see that that
point of view is just more persuasive
should in theory throw him into
cognitive dissonance and cause him to
act irrationally if if everything we've
learned about how people are wired is
true you should see him you should see
him acting irrationally and instead of
acting with love which is what he
promotes he is acting with bias and
hatred which is quite palpable to argue
against bias and hatred so it's the
least persuasive thing you'll ever see
in your life and it's hard to watch only
because his intentions are right all
right so let me say this again I don't
want to be the guy who insults John
Legend for simply wanting the world to
be a better place and and putting
himself out there so he's doing all the
things I admire he is he cares
he's got empathy he's he's skin in the
game he's putting himself out there he's
not sitting on the sidelines he is his
mind his his hopes and dreams at least
as far as we can tell are all in the
right direction his mechanism his system
to get where he wants to go is
completely dysfunctional and so that's
what Candice talks about she's not
talking about hey I want to get to a
good place and you want to get to a bad
place
you know everybody agrees we all want to
get to this good place Candice says your
system to get there doesn't work and
it's obvious you can just look what what
results you got keep doing your system
keep watching the results it's obvious
it doesn't work
then look at the people who have
rejected that system that way of
thinking that that being caught in the
past that being caught in anger look at
the people who have just translated
their their their minds into well let me
just use the stuff I got let me take
advantage of the things that I do have
let me look at the things I can do
instead of looking at the things I can't
do and we note that those people get to
a good place
you know so so the hard part is watching
John Legend who I believe is smart and
capable engaged his mind is in all the
right places but he doesn't see they his
mechanism to get there is just
completely broken and there are there
are better ones that are at least being
suggested right now all right
that's all I have for today does anybody
have any question or comment about
today's periscope I will give you
another minute to to weigh in yeah so
while you're making your comments let me
just talk about so there's a story that
meek Mill's if I'm saying his name right
was maybe talk down of attending the the
meeting at the White House that was
going to be about prison reform
so jay-z may have been part of that
conversation I don't know that he
specifically talked him out of it but
but after consulting with people meek
Mill's decided not to go because yeah
the meeting was a sham so some people
are saying that this was really just
giving the president who was a big old
racist and their point of view they're
just giving him a way to look good and
nothing can come of the plan this is
what I call the loser philosophy this is
about the cleanest example you'll ever
see meek Millz
again probably smart capable
well-meaning guy so this is no insult
about the person right I'm only going to
talk about the technique
alright there are smart people who use
bad techniques it happens all the time I
do it you do it using the wrong
technique doesn't mean you're a bad
person it just means you got the wrong
technique in this case the correct
winning play was to go to the meeting
because you go to the meeting you're
part of the conversation you raise your
profile
yes you do make the president look less
like a racist and maybe you didn't like
that part but we live in the adult world
where you make you make investments for
bigger gains the bigger gain is to be in
the room the bigger gain is to be part
of the conversation now I know enough
about because I have personally talked
to somebody involved in the prison
reform process right so I've had a
personal conversation with somebody who
works directly for for Jared Kushner I
know that this is a genuine real prison
reform effort there is nothing purely
political about this these are people
who really do want to fix this part of
the world
it's unglamorous it doesn't help them
personally in any frickin way this is
absolutely for the benefit of the people
who will be helped now to walk away from
that meeting because of this smaller the
smaller question which is true that it
would make this guy you don't like this
President Trump you think is racist it
would look like it make him look like
less of a racist and you don't want to
you don't want to do that let's say
that's all true it's still a loser
philosophy it's a loser way to go to not
attend the meeting
smart people attend the meeting alright
let me give you an example I don't know
if if hawk was invited to the meeting
but I did connect him to that process
and if he had been invited I think he
would have gone so Hawk is a smarter
operator and he understands that having
the right system is the only way you're
going to get to the right answer now
that's not to say all of his systems are
right but in this particular case they
certainly weren't
had he been invited I think he would
have gone because he would want to be
part of the solution because he's he's
just operating at a higher level
now it's also true that for a younger
performer make mills let's say yeah he
does have some legitimate career issues
and I would not fault him for saying at
this point in my career I'm gonna I'm
gonna protect my base a little bit maybe
later when I'm a little safer or I can
do some risky stuff like you know like
Kanye is doing I don't know what his
thought process is but I would not I
would not criticize make mills for
making the choice he made because that's
probably the right choice for him and
his you know his age has placed him his
place in the industry later
later on maybe he gets a little more
flexibility yeah he's trying to keep his
base and there's nothing wrong with that
and people are allowed to make selfish
decisions and I don't judge people for
making selfish decisions more risk
equals more reward false more risk does
not equal more reward for an individual
more risk equals more reward for the
average of the crowd if you know if it's
something like investing anyway for the
individual that doesn't that doesn't
play out necessarily looks like you just
did Scott's I've seen this comment twice
just did what tell me what it is you
think I just did I can't tell I don't
even know if that's a criticism or
agreement we all make selfish decisions
yeah and that's allowed I approve of
selfish decisions especially when you're
explicit about it in fact if meek Millz
had said look I'd like to get into this
political stuff
think I could be helpful but at the
moment it would just be bad for my
career and I'll come back later when I'm
stronger a little more secure and you
know where I want to be where I want my
family to be and then I'll and then I'll
get into this stuff later if he had said
that I'd say that's that's enlightened
selfishness I would not ask for anything
above that clean coal what is it why are
we talking about clean coal I will agree
with you that there's no such thing as
clean coal as far as I know so to the
extent that President Trump is calling
the coal clean I'm not sure that even
qualifies as hyperbole it's well it does
qualify as I probably if it's cleaner
than it used to be I suppose
yeah cleaner coal I haven't seen Trump's
tweets from this morning
Brandon clapper and Comey yeah we've
talked about them separately we'll talk
about that more oh yeah so Elon Musk is
talking about now his bricks a little
bit more so the bricks that are made
from the dirt that his boring company
makes when they make tunnels he's
looking at selling them for maybe 10
cents a brick so that building a home
would be practically practically free
imagine if you will that wherever they
built these these hyper loops you're
creating the bricks and then since it's
probably not expensive land well
potentially you could be putting the
tunnels under inexpensive land and then
people could be building inexpensive
homes on inexpensive land the entire
route of the of the high-speed tunnel
and they'd have access to the
transportation because they're right
next to the tunnel it's a pretty good
deal you need shale for good breaks so
there might be different
different criteria for different dirt
all right I'll go look at the Trump
tweets after this and I'm going to sign
off for now talk to you later