bumbum bumbum bumbum
hey everybody come on in it's time for a
coffee with scott adams and you found it
will it be yeah
again the best part of the day for you
well you're on a really good record the
streak the streak is unbroken every time
you do the simultaneous sip it's just a
great day why don't we try it again just
for scientific reasons and all you need
is a cup or mug or a glass of tanker
chelators Diana canteen jug or flask a
vessel of any kind fill it with your
favorite liquid I like coffee and join
me now for the dopamine hit of the day
the thing that makes everything better
including coronaviruses economy is how
you name it it's all better take a sip
with me go hmm I have a sort of a
personal challenge with myself to see
how many times I could read the the sip
thing where I say a copper a motor glass
before I can actually remember it I'm
seeing if I can memorize it without
attempting to memorize it in other words
I'll just read it every day and so far
I've been reading it for what two years
and I could not come close to doing it
without without reading it a cup or a
mug or a glass all right here's what's
happening today
let me start by saying here's why the
world is not going to end may I explain
to you why things seem dire but indeed
are not very dire at all in fact we
probably have never been safer or more
stable that seems exactly the opposite
of what you see right here's why it
looks different to you and why you'll be
fine
number one keep in mind that everything
you see in the news is attenuated to get
your your brain chemistry and to catch
it on fire that's how they make money by
getting you excited and clicking and
talking about stuff so the first thing
you need to know is that the news
reports an exaggerated version of
reality because that's their business
model so the first thing you do is say
all right it's not all of that it's it's
something less than or whatever I'm
reading on television that's your first
context the second piece of context is
some of you might know I I got married
yesterday and I was talking with a few
people afterwards and I asked this
question in a very it was a very small
group wedding as you might imagine and I
asked some people all right if you were
alive during the 60s in other words if
you're a certain age or above does today
look especially scary compared to the
60s and the only ones of us who would
remember the 60s said the same thing no
it just looks like the sixties
everything will be fine so the one thing
you don't know if you're a youngish is
that this just looks a lot like
something that's happened before that
also didn't ruin the country in fact the
the so-called hippies who were
protesting against the government are
now literally part of the government
they're there in Congress and everything
worked out fine so that's the second
piece of context the the next thing you
need to not worry about is the
protesters themselves so you saw that
the looting and the protests and the
violence and it looked like it was all
going to be the Joker movie all over
again
here's why it's not number one the news
exaggerated
all of the problems that caused the
riots would it be fair to say that the
fake news caused the protests I would
say so I would say it's not it's not
police violence that caused it because
the data on police violence just
and show the problem that they're
protesting even if even if the data did
show that the black lives matter
protests were based on data it would
still be their smallest problem do you
get that if everything they believed
about the police and killing black
people if it were all true and
statistically it's just not if it were
true it would still be their smallest
problem and if you don't get that
they're making the biggest protests and
making the most noise about their
smallest problem then you don't really
understand what's going on because
they're not really complaining about the
problem there's got to be a bigger
agenda or some people are just worked up
by the news some people believe that
there is a real problem it's probably a
variety of reasons but here's the thing
that's important and this this will
scare you at the same time it might
relax you so you're gonna have both
feelings here it comes
have you noticed that the news on both
the left and the right stopped covering
the protests meaning that they don't
really show video night after night of
protesters and they could because if
you're on social media you know that the
protests are happening they're happening
I think every night and they're
happening in multiple places
do you see coverage of it anymore no you
don't why ask yourself why there's a big
domestic news story I mean as big as it
could be it's a big big big domestic
story why why is it not being covered at
least visually and video wise from
either the left or the right why is that
let me tell you the answer the answer is
that the news industry collectively for
whatever reason I don't know if the
government that talked to them that's
possible the government might have said
you know if you if you just cover it
differently you could tamp down the
temperature that would be helpful
possible but I don't think so because I
can't see CNN and MSNBC doing anything
that the administration wants even if
they had a good reason I think they were
just saying now we're the news we'll do
what we want to do freedom of speech
freedom of the press we don't take our
instructions from the administration so
it seems to me that both the left and
right for different reasons perhaps have
decided to make the protests go away and
they can do it do you know how they do
it by not covering it if the news
doesn't cover the protests or just sort
of references them with them without
wall-to-wall video coverage of bad
behavior and good behavior if they don't
cover it it's going to kind of go away
because the point of the protests are
attention and if the news media decides
collectively to remove attention it's
going to drain the energy out of it so
you've got a few things going one is
that there was a lot of energy built up
because of the shutdown and there were
not many alternative uses for your time
so I would have to assume that some
percentage of the protesters and
probably a pretty big percentage maybe a
third wouldn't have been able to do what
they did if they had to get up and go to
a job in the morning or you know there
were otherwise at school or occupied in
some other way so it's probably at least
one-third bigger than it would be just
because people are not busy it's
probably another third bigger than it
needs to be just because there was a lot
of energy built up and finally the
weather was good and it was something to
do and there's probably about a third of
the energy the other the last third is
because the fake news created something
out of nothing and got people all worked
up and now it seems that the fake news
has decided that it really messed up my
suspicion is that CNN and MSNBC you know
that the left-leaning news realizes that
the longer the protests go on the
it is for Trump now you could you could
debate that I think it would be fair to
debate it because even Trump supporters
say things such as hey he's not doing
enough why doesn't he do more but that's
really easy to frame that away and
there's plenty of time before the
election the president could simply say
and it would be straight up correct
you just couldn't argue with the facts I
have offered all of the resources and
military whatever you need you just had
to say yes it's the mayor's decision
they just had to say yes and we can stop
the violence tomorrow from the federal
with the federal resources so I think
that it would be really easy for the
president to say you see all these
protests that are scaring you to death
and ruining the economy that's what you
get if Biden is elected and I would have
stopped it if these Democrat mayors and
that allowed me they have allowed me to
do it so then here's the last part that
I think is the most important part
there's always this feeling of a
slippery slope if things are going in
one direction they'll just keep going
until you know there's destruction but
have you noticed that the protests have
just stopped cold at the suburbs oh they
tried they tried right there was a
little bit of attempt to move the
protests into the suburbs how'd that
work out well the first thing the first
problem is it's not interesting it is
not interesting to have a protest in the
suburbs it's just not interesting it's
not interesting visually it's not
interesting for the protesters but
here's the worst problem if they start
protesting individuals homes like the
McCluskey's the couple had the guns and
there was a warrant for their I guess
there was a warrant out for them I guess
so
that's a separate story that I think
they're being treated probably unfairly
but we'll say it I don't think that this
can
and two residential areas outside of the
city because number one they're armed to
the teeth number two it looks really
different doesn't it just think how
you'd imagine it if you see protesters
knocking a storefront window down here's
the calculation you do in your head well
they've got insurance all right well
they got insurance it's a business you
don't feel the same about a business
even though every business has real
people behind it we're really losing a
lot but it still seems like a property
crime like you you think of it more that
way than you do about the the people who
are involved you think to yourself well
they could probably get other jobs etc
but if you saw like we did a crowd
around the McCluskey's house which
wasn't the best example because they had
sort of a mansion so that they don't
quite get the sympathy then you again if
you were just a normal suburban home but
if you saw protests assaulting a normal
suburban home let's say just because
they had a trump site in law just to
make an example if you saw that that
would be the end of the protests so
there is a natural limit to how far they
can go
and they've already reached it in terms
of you know not moving into the suburbs
they really can't the suburbs are too
well-armed too willing to use them and
there would be too much sympathy for the
for the civilians in this case so don't
worry so much I don't think that there's
anything that could make our current to
protest situations any worse than the
60s and the country literally just
shrugged it off if you didn't live
through the sixties you don't know how
pervasive it was it was just protests
protests protests the government is evil
must be replaced and the country
shrugged it off this is like that the
protests anyway the country will
actually just shrug it off
and I would say also that if we had not
had that weird coincidence that you had
to wear a mask because a coronavirus at
the same time the protesters wanted to
wear some asks if you know what I mean
so except for that little weird
coincidence which won't last forever I
mean that's won't last forever so the
protest will die out they have a natural
life and I think that it's already on
the on the downside big news president
Trump wore a mask to visit Walter Reed
and the press pool got some good video
of it now if you haven't seen the video
or the photographs it's really kind of
it's the most awesomely scary looking
thing you've ever seen in your life
it makes you glad they're on our side
because the president is at Walter Reed
it's only it's a military hospital and
he's got the it looks like the top
generals and admirals behind him and
they've all got these dark United States
masts though frankly it looked pretty
cool the and when you see them walking
it looks like a movie it just looks like
a movie set I mean it looks like the
coolest movie that you haven't yet seen
now one of the things that the president
said that everybody laughed at was he
had when he was talking about mass some
time ago he said that when he tried went
on that people told him he looked good
at his mask now when you heard that you
laughed right it's like okay that's just
that's such a typical trumpism that
people tell me I look better in my mask
it's just so perfectly what he would say
but that I saw him in his mask he
actually looks good
but that's actually literally true that
the bat that the mask as a as a fashion
look it actually made him look powerful
I made him look younger right because if
you hide this part of your face you look
younger if you have hair he has hair so
so you look younger you look more
powerful you looked you looked I guess
powerful I would just use that word
twice because that's what it looked like
it was super powerful look especially
with the generals behind
so there'll be a lot of jabbering about
that now at the same time do you know
tom Fitton
from judicial watch you see him a lot on
fox news etc and he had this tweet which
I take objection to he said again there
is no science to support wearing a mask
outside of a healthcare setting right
now I'm gonna talk about the exact
wording of this so let me read it again
so this is Tom Fenton you know I'm from
TV you know that he's an attorney so
that's the first thing to keep in mind
that attorneys are very careful with
language some will automatically right
so here he is being careful with his
language because he can and in you know
he has those skills and he says again
there's no science to support wearing a
mask outside of a healthcare setting is
that true
let me see in the comments how many of
you think that's true that there's no
science to support wearing a mask
outside of a healthcare setting how many
say that is true because it's a very
lawyerly thing to say because I don't
believe there's science that has
directly tested the corona virus in the
United States with a variety of masks so
I'm sitting I'm saying number of people
saying is true so I think it's I believe
that it's technically true I won't even
say technically true it's true this
science has not done a gold standard set
of tests clinical trials with controls
and and peer review and then have people
repeat the study to get to the point of
knowledge so tom Fitton
is completely correct if this is what he
means that it has not been demonstrated
to the highest level of scientific
scrutiny everybody agrees with that
right now well but the way he says it
there's no science to
support wearing the mask outside of
healthcare to which I say what does it
mean that there's no science to support
it I will give you the following analogy
and I've told you that analogies do not
persuade but they can they can they can
introduce an idea very effectively so
the next thing I say will not be
persuasion I'm just describing an idea
using an analogy so yesterday somebody
said to me a a let's say a mask the
skeptic said to me yesterday you know
scientists say they're wearing
especially these cloth masks the ones
that are not the hospital-grade you said
that using those cloth mask to stop a
virus which is so small would be like
using a chain-link fence to stop a flea
and I thought that's a really good
analogy right because you can see the
chain-link fence if you're looking at it
it's mostly open holes like that the
amount of space that's covered by you
know one of the wires and the chain-link
fence is very small compared to the
total mass so that flea goes right
through it so that's a pretty good point
right if the virus is that small and
science confirms we do know that how
small the virus is we do know how many
openings are are in a cloth mask and you
do know that the virus is much smaller
than those big ol openings and that mask
so that's all you need to know right so
here's how I answered it I said but you
know the virus doesn't travel on its own
the the virus travels on your the water
droplets the Cabana your math you all
know that's true right it's not like
you're shooting viruses out of your
mouth you're shooting moisture and in
your mouth in in writing on that
moisture can be viruses so here's what I
said to the
flea and the chain link now it's more
like this there is a flea and there is a
chain-link fence that part of your
analogy is correct but the flea is on a
dog and the dog can't get through the
fence and the flea isn't going to leave
the dog in my analogy right the dog can
bump against such fences many times as
it wants in this case the dog is the
water drop up if the water droplet can't
get through and the virus is on the
water droplet it's at least going to
slow it down right now there may be
other considerations as well but the
basic idea is that the people who think
that masks are not supported by science
well I would say that those facts alone
support it by science no is that a
judgement call it did would you agree
with me that this statement is true if
science tells us the the masks have
these big holes the virus is so small
little go through but it has to ride on
a water droplet which is too big to get
through the mask you know in an
efficient way obviously some of it can
come out around the sides but it doesn't
project as far now everything I just
said is from science right science has
told us it travels on the water droplet
all everything I just said would you say
that they're there for the science
doesn't support using masks well it
doesn't prove it it doesn't prove it but
does it support it so what I said to Tom
fitness comment is that if if science
doesn't prove it either way science
isn't helping right science doesn't tell
you it doesn't work science doesn't tell
you it does work science does tell you
there are really good reasons to suspect
it might now if science can't tell you
yes or no but it does tell you quite
clearly we don't know but given these
variables is certainly seems like it we
should
make a difference and on top of that
nearly universal medical professional
agreement that yes we don't have
scientific proof but what we do know
strongly suggests it should make a
difference especially there seems to be
some evidence that countries that use
masks more are getting a better result
so I think is really dangerous for a
lawyer to speak in lawyerly terms about
medical things because it could easily
lead you in the wrong direction to make
a decision about yourself even if the
lawyer is completely correct so that's
that's the danger of lawyers talking
about medical stuff because lawyers know
how to say things that are completely
correct but might not be the thing you
need to hear all right so I'm very
concerned about that kind of a message
because I think people read it as as
mass don't work and this sentence does
not say that let me read it again again
there's no science to support wearing a
mask outside of a healthcare setting
true in terms of confirmed you know
studies that can be repeated but very
unusual for risk management president
has apparently said to I don't tell the
Mundo or somebody that he is preparing
an executive order on daca that's daca
is the people who came here as children
most of them are older now but they've
lived and grown up as Americans but just
not technically legally so that's you
know one of several immigration related
topics is how do you deal with that
group the president is is hinting that
he's going to have some kind of a path
to citizenship now here's the
interesting thing about that probably
most people agree that they should have
a path to citizenship probably I mean
there's there probably enough
Republicans who say yeah you know that
if they grew up here you can't you can't
penalize a child who was brought
as a child it just doesn't seem it
violates our sense of right and wrong
but at the same token you don't want to
create a precedent because if you reward
people from coming for coming into the
country illegally as Reigate did when he
had some kind of amnesty you get more of
it we know that there's no doubt about
it but of course if you didn't have a
border fence you'd get more of it anyway
I suppose here's what we don't know
about that we don't know if the
president is going to put some kind of
conditions on these that are not obvious
so for example and this is not based on
any inside knowledge or anything I'm
just going to toss this out to keep you
open-minded until we know what that's
about
suppose the president said yes I would
like to make them all citizens with a
special I'm not sure if this is legal
but with some kind of a special
requirement that they not have voting
rights for five years or something yeah
I don't know is that even legal could
you do that it might be unconstitutional
or let's say that he says the executive
order is that daca can be a path to
citizenship only under the following
conditions let me say this suppose he
said daca is approved under the
following conditions that the border the
border wall is funded he could do that
right an executive order correct me if
I'm wrong can in an executive order not
have a condition built into it such that
he would say daca path the citizenship
totally approved under this one
condition
and what is that one condition I'm just
speaking hypothetically suppose he said
the condition is we have to have a
functioning border wall or it has to be
funded to build the border wall how
would you feel then because he wouldn't
be saying that they have a path he'd be
saying they have a path if this other
thing happens
because you don't want to have a
condition where you you incentivize
people to come in illegally if you don't
have a way to stop it from happening in
the future such as a wall now I don't
know that the president has some kind of
a plan like that where there's a
condition in it or a poison pill it
could be a trick
it could be something he's put a poison
pill in it so the Democrats will reject
it and then he can say when he just as
he's running for president hey you know
you rejected my daca plan so we don't
know what he's up to you but I feel like
there's gonna be a surprise in that
somewhere there's a video that I think
came from January in which Biden when he
was still running he's running for
president and in January and he was
talking to an audience and I couldn't
believe my ears because I thought what
year did this happen and then you see
the Biden for president signs and I'm
thinking this happened this year Biden
said this this year and he didn't get
cancelled and what he was saying to the
what looked like mostly white audience
he said our culture is not imported from
some African nation and they were not to
say that our culture is not supported
doesn't come from some Asian nation it's
a it's a European culture and I thought
to myself if a Republican said that that
would be the end of their career and I
look at this and I think do we just
ignore this because the whole point is
that culture is sort of a code word for
racists right oh you say culture but you
really mean brown people don't you I
mean really don't you that's what people
say about the Republicans and I would
say having met lots of Republicans that
that they have a variety of reasons just
like any big red group they have a
variety of reasons why they would want
immigration halted but a lot more of a
has to do with culture that it has to do
with ethnicity there's some small people
a small percentage of people who do care
about ethnicity
and immigration but most people as far
as I can tell you know I'm not a
Republican but I talked to a lot of them
it does seem like they're mostly just
interested in the culture part so they
wouldn't care so much where you came
from as long as when you got here you
played by the same rules and didn't want
to turn it into Sharia law or whatever
whatever else so the fact that Biden
doesn't get canceled if that is just
mind boggling like there's just no way a
Republican could have said those same
words the fascinating Boris Johnson has
announced that they're looking for data
scientists to run a UK government
Analysis Unit what that's right so
Johnson is setting up some kind of they
refer to it as like a skunkworks
so it looks like it's not clear if it'll
be part of the government or a quasi
part of the government or an independent
entity that advises the government but
it'll have some independence whatever
independence you get as a quote skunk
works and apparently it's to put people
who know how to look at data in one
place so that you can get government
decisions that are backed by people who
know how to look at data now how
important would that be in the United
States well we just have this whole
conversation about masks wouldn't you
like the data organization of the United
States to say okay okay you're all
arguing about whether masks work here's
the analysis this is the best we know
and what do you like to have seen that
all the way through the coronavirus
situation you'd like to know that if
somebody asserted a fact or a statistic
that there was some other skunkworks
would say oh hold on just a minute
I don't think you're quite looking at
that right because you're forgetting
this you forgot that now at the moment
it feels like there are some individuals
doing that on Twitter in the United
States you know Nate Silver for example
you'll see him weighing in on
that sort of thing but as some people
noticed yeah and I see you some people
in noting in the comments that just days
ago I had suggested that the United
States needs exactly this now I refer to
it as maybe it needs to be a cabinet
position but that wasn't an important
part it just needs to be an entity of
people who know how to analyze things
because the public does not but the
worst situation is that the public
doesn't know how to analyze things but
they think they do that's the problem if
the public knew they didn't know how to
analyze things correctly it wouldn't be
that much of a problem they'd say well I
don't know I can't tell what's going on
it's the fact they're so certain and
certain in different directions that
causes all our problems alright so yes
you're wondering if the UK watches my
periscopes because it would be a
gigantic coincidence but could be a
coincidence if I had to guess you know
pretty high chances just a coincidence
but what are the odds that I would
suggest this exact idea like a week
before it appears in the paper that the
UK is thinking of this idea could it be
could it be this someone has watched
this periscope I do have I do have
reason to believe that the government of
the UK or at least some members of it do
watch this periscope so I don't know if
that's where the idea came from but I do
know there's a connection robert muller
wrote an op-ed no we didn't
that's what the news is trying to tell
you there's a there's an op-ed with
Robert Moeller's name on it so it's
being reported that robert muller wrote
an op-ed no he didn't I don't know who
wrote it I don't know who wrote it but
we saw robert muller testifying he's not
writing any he's not writing any offense
all right I mean I don't want to be
unkind but we saw him operating he's not
sitting down and writing any op eds
that's just I just don't believe that's
happening so somebody wrote it up and
didn't asked him to sign it here's one
of the just I don't even know what to
say about this you every now and then
you'll see a pundit with an opinion
that's so mind-blowing Lee I don't know
I'll just tell you what it is and you
can make up your own mind so this is a
journalist writer charles below who I
believe is a New York Times guy now I've
been following him for a long time you
know he's often appears on TV as a
pundit etc and he has some of the worst
takes I've ever seen fairly consistently
if you want like a bad take on something
well he's your guy but this one is just
Wow and he was tweeting today or maybe
it was yesterday that canceled culture
doesn't exist
that's right a major writer for The New
York Times is tweeting in all capitals
the canceled culture does not exist what
he says is that no no it's not canceled
culture it's just you know well-off
people who don't want to be criticized
does that take sound like the world you
live in where canceled culture doesn't
actually exist it's simply that if you
do something bad in public and people
decide to punish you for it by not
shopping or not promoting for you or
whatever that there's nothing there's
nothing to note there that's just the
way the world works if you do bad things
and people know it
consequences will happen so what do you
think of his brilliant take the canceled
culture doesn't work because if people
do real problems and they get called out
for it well that's the way it's supposed
to work right
well as I tweeted this morning pretty
much I think every time that somebody
tried to cancel me and have been quite a
few times over the years that you know
mobs online mobs have come after me
every time it was a misinterpretation of
something I sent not sometimes not once
every time a hundred percent of the time
that people have come after me is for
one of these two things I misinterpreted
something you said often because
somebody else misinterpreted it and they
only read the misinterpretation so it's
either a misinterpretation of something
I said that I wouldn't be canceled for
if it was correctly understood or
simpler for being associated with saying
good things about the President Trump
that's it so those are the two things
that people have consistently tried to
cancel me for including yesterday I'm
not talking about something like
historical thing I'm talking about
yesterday somebody tweeted that maybe
nobody should read Dilbert books no
actually I take that back and I said it
happened once yesterday I think it
happened more like three or four times
yesterday just to me I'm not talking
about three or four movements but rather
three or four public individuals on
Twitter suggested in public that people
boycott me now what did I do to earn a
boycott was it my bad behavior no no it
wasn't my bad behavior
it was misinterpreting what I'm saying
and just being associated with liking
one of the political one of the
political candidates liking not
everything that he does I'm very clear
about that I don't like everything Trump
does and everything he might ever do in
the future I like certain things he does
especially in the persuasion realm so
I'm getting I'm on the on the edge of
cancellation every day and it has
nothing to do with me bad behavior
nothing and
fact I don't even have a motive for bad
behavior like everything that I've been
trying to do publicly for the last
several years is only has the purpose of
being a public good because that's sort
of the only way I get a payoff my only
way I get a payoff is if I can produce a
public good I don't really have a
business model or making people angry or
unhappy or worse off somehow makes money
or yeah how would that work I don't even
know how you do that so and then as was
said in the comments
the CEO of Goya foods what exactly was
his criminal act that caused the boycott
what exactly did he do wrong Charles
blow besides be polite and considerate
to the President of the United States
while he had been invited to the White
House if you can't be polite to the
President of the United States no matter
the party when you're on the White House
grounds and you've been invited come on
that Charles blow would say that guy
should get canceled and boycott it I'm
assuming boycotting and cancelling or
sort of in the same same family really
would he'd be okay with that now the
great thing of course most of you know
is that the Goya products have sold out
in a lot of grocery stores have you seen
the photos there you know you'll see
it's just a big empty shelf where all
the Goya products are now I - the next
time I go to the store we'll look for
them I don't literally didn't know they
existed but now it's one of the most
famous brands in the country isn't that
cool
how do you like the fact that Goa was
sort of a I don't know a specialty brand
a week ago and now it's a now it's a
national brand international outside now
what the Conservatives have done for
going up which is support basically just
support somebody who supported the
president even though it's somebody who
would have supported Obama and I think
did in terms of being polite and you
know just being a good citizen etc so we
love the CEO of Goya
but you can't always rescue people
unless they happen to be a CEO of a
company that makes a product that you
might want to buy so it's a very it was
a special case where the public could
weigh in directly and fix it
but if let's say if some individual
loses their job well what can you do
about that
and I'm wondering if so there are two
ways to fight to cancel culture and I
you know nothing lasts forever so even
the cancel culture will transform to
some other some other thing eventually
but while we're dealing with it it seems
there are two ways to go why didn't one
is to cancel back as hard as you can
until you have mutually assured
destruction but that's not ideal right
if you could have some other better way
than a mutually assured destruction that
would be preferred maybe maybe the other
way is that anybody who gets cancelled
gets rich suppose you did that suppose
getting cancelled made you rich or at
least better off so let's say if it's an
individual who loses their job
the Conservatives immediately contact
that person if they're in the area and
say hey put in your resume I'd like I'd
like to take a look so suppose you could
get a promotion or at least you know a
good other job if you got cancelled if
you make products maybe you could sell
more of them but you could become more
famous so I would look for look for
increasing ways that people who are
unfairly cancelled could come out ahead
and then cancelling canceling doesn't
work after that you know the the Goya
situation has got to put in the minds of
the counselors wait a minute I wasn't
planning on making Goya ranch that
wasn't the plan I saw that Robert Reich
was right was in favor of the boycott of
Goya and I thought what the hell
happened to that guy how could you be an
economist like a public economist
meaning that you have a
public will say interest and and
influence upon how could you be you know
an economist and ever be in favor of a
boycott of an American company because
of the political just normal political
leaning of the CEO how in the world can
you justify that as an economist it just
feels crazy but maybe there's some
argument there let's see I did a little
online poll and I asked for Trump
supporters only I said have they ever
lied about their support of the
president either a direct lie or a lie
by omission and last I checked there
were hundreds and hundreds of responses
and approximately last I checked 60% of
the people answering said that they had
lied about their support of the
president now that could be a lie by
omission you know they just stay silent
during the conversation or whatever but
let me ask you this do you think you've
ever seen a number like that before
60% of the supporters of a sitting
president are unwilling to say it even
to coworkers have you ever seen anything
like that before
what are the odds that the polls are
correct
I feel very low you know and the setup
here seems unmistakable if it turns out
that this is another 2016 and that there
were really a lot of hidden Trump
supporters which I believe is a
certainty we don't know how big it is
but it's a certainty that it exists I
would say just to put some numbers on it
you know if the polls are let's say I
don't know twelve points up are down or
ten points apart Biden is leading Trump
on a national basis I would say that you
could guarantee that at least 2% or you
know two basis points of the
ten points you can guarantee that at
least two of the ten or because people
are lying but it could be a lot more it
could be a lot more now keep in mind
that if there's a ten point justjust
think about this there's a ten point
difference between Biden and Trump
how much does Trump have to make up to
be tied is it ten points no it's not
Trump only has to make up half the this
difference because if half of the people
go from Biden to Trump he's tied if he
gets half of them right did I do that
right I'm not saying that wrong am I so
it looks like there's this big
difference but I would say he only needs
to close the gap of baby five and two or
three is just already in his pocket
he's probably two points away from a
lead or something like that
so my guess is he's a little bit behind
nationally it only matters what the
battleground states are I don't know if
he's a little bit behind battles
battleground states a little harder to
tell but I feel like it's really close
is my guess and there's a lot of time to
go all right
Amazon had this weird situation
yesterday I think it was where they put
out a company-wide memo and then they
retracted it saying it was put out in
error now ask me who would put out this
particular message in error like it's a
weird error and and the the message that
was in error was that employees of
Amazon needed to take the tic-tock app
off their phones but they could still
use it on other devices and then they
withdrew that now the the reason for
that was the tick tock is a Chinese
company the Chinese government has a
back door to it of course
which means that they could use it to
massively spy and/or collect data about
Americans and we assume that they are
why did the Amazon to have that company
memo and then pull it back without much
explanation here's what I think I don't
know this for sure just to guess I think
it's a certainty that our government
will ban tik-tok in this country when do
you say because India has already done
it and nobody is arguing that India got
it wrong I don't believe there's anybody
except baby China who is saying
India India how could you be so racist
to block a Chinese app that was doing
nothing to nobody nobody's saying that
right unless I'm missing it but I
believe everybody just said well it's
about time
yeah that was exactly the right thing to
do so if your Amazon do you think you
already have some insight where the US
government is going to go and I think
the answer is yeah you probably have
some insight on that there's probably
somebody involved with Amazon who is
also involved with the government
decision about tick-tock almost
certainly it's a small world than the
you know at that level of knowledge
because you'd have to be technically and
security wise I mean you'd have to have
a lot of knowledge to be to really weigh
in on tick-tock at a technical level
Amazon might just know more than we do
they just might maybe they were just
trying to get ahead of it all right and
that is about what I have for you I will
give you a little update so I did get
married yesterday to the lovely and
beautiful Christina now Christina Evans
and I gotta tell you getting married in
the age of coronavirus is really
complicated it's really complicated even
even little stuff like getting a
marriage license not so easy
the places are closed so there are a lot
of steps that I'll tell you your
government does not make it easy to do
anything anyway just looking at your
your comments so Navarro is on Maria but
Romo discussing it somebody says India
and China just had a border battle yeah
I don't think that's gonna get any
control
I think the border battles between India
and China are two countries that know
they can't have or they just can't you
know India and China just can't have a
war and they know it so I wouldn't be
surprised if you have infinite you know
skirmishes but full-out war I don't
think I don't see it
couldn't vpns get around the block it's
a good question
if you had a VPN on your phone could you
use the tic-tock app anyway maybe um
thank you to all of you were giving
congratulations
yeah Tucker Carlson's head writer was
fired for for some comments he made you
know and I mean this I think I'm gonna
have to go ahead and write up the
digital Bill of Rights but one of one of
the items on the so-called digital Bill
of Rights that I've proposed should
exist but doesn't exist would be that
you could not lose your job or get
canceled for something you did in an
anonymous account that later got
uncovered because the things that people
say anonymously are closer to the things
they might say behind closed doors which
are almost you know almost universally
in appropriated in public so if you're
the one who took the context into the
wrong context I think the person who
uncovers that has to take the
responsibility and I'm not saying that
therefore I'm not making any comment
about Tucker's
writer so this isn't about any
individual I'm saying that as a general
statement you should be allowed to say
awful things in private you should be
allowed to say awful things under an
anonymous account as long as you mean
them you know it could be a joke that
would be fine too as long as you're
someplace where anonymous accounts are
okay you know it's an acceptable
standard I think the people should have
the right to act grotesquely in private
while not being grotesque in any kind of
professional or public way and that it
should be fine
the the myth that I I do not accept do
not accept is that there are some people
who don't say bad things in private I
just don't accept that I believe that
everybody's got some bad thoughts that
if you dug down a little bit you'd find
something you didn't like one of the
reasons that I object strenuously to
cancelling people just by association
hey you took a picture with this person
so you're canceling or you're in the
same group with this person so you're
canceled or you talk to them or you
supported them on this one issue so
you're cancelled there's nothing more
important than allowing people to have
whatever associations they want because
the assumption about the Association is
somehow somehow you pick up all the bad
qualities of the person you're with well
it doesn't work that way if I spend time
with a bad person am i likely to become
more bad or is the other person likely
to become more good right I'd like to
think that that I have a good influence
on people as opposed to them turning me
to the dark side which hasn't happened
yet so yeah yeah like peered Alecto I
think that as long as anonymous accounts
are a thing in other words all the blame
you say it this way
as long as there can be anonymous
accounts as long as it's a thing and
society agrees it can be a thing you
should never be able to be cancelled if
you get uncovered in your personal your
private account it just shouldn't be a
thing all right do I support it fakery I
don't think it's fakery to have a
anonymous account because you're being
clear about what you're doing in a sense
so everyone will have an anonymous
account yeah I mean that doesn't change
the fact that platform to still have
standards so if you're an anonymous
account you say something terrible
Twitter can still kick you off I don't
have a big problem with that if it's if
it's so bad you know there's something
some limit all right I will we see more
of beautiful Christina someone else you
just might well if you if you mean more
of her she might be making some more
piano videos for example she's got her
pen pretty much nailed now which is
pretty hard if you if anybody's a
musician you know how hard that is
alright that's enough for now and I will
talk to you tomorrow