s backward
science uh there's a new study that
found that people have the most sex have
the lowest uh all cause
mortality especially in hypertension
patients yeah so generally speaking the
people who had the most sex uh were also
the
healthiest
[Music]
so backward
science I wonder how much sex people
look really sick
have do they have a lot of sex or is it
possible that the people who are healthy
looking have more
sex backwards
science once you spot it you see it
everywhere I saw a story that uh
apparently members of Congress are going
to be able to go into a
skiff that
highly uh the the highly highly uh
secure place and look at UFO
stuff is that really going to
happen there's really going to be a
skiff where we're going to have some of
our professional Liars go in and tell us
what they saw is Adam shiff going to go
in the skiff what happens when Adam
Schiff comes out of the skiff and says
oh yeah there's actually an alien body
in there I saw it I touched it and
everybody else says uh I didn't see an
alien body we'll be right back where we
were
do you think that all the people who
look look at whatever is in the ski will
have the same opinion when they walk out
no nothing works like that it's going to
be exactly the same as if there had been
no skiff some people will walk in and
say I can't tell you what I saw but my
God aliens and other people will go in
and say I looked at the same thing you
did I didn't see any proof of
aliens that's what it's going to be two
two worlds on uh two movies on one
screen well here's another uh more
science you didn't need to
do so there should be another category
of science that somebody paid a lot of
money to do a study but it would have
been easier just to ask me my
opinion because you would have got the
same
answer let me give you an
example uh study says that uh 14% of
adults and 12% of children
show signs of addiction to ultr
processed foods which are high in sugar
and
carbs and this addiction can be as
strong as alcohol and
tobacco and it's all about refined carbs
and added fats and blah blah blah to
make it addictive now did they need to
study
that was there somebody who was unaware
that that some people have a lot of
trouble avoiding certain
foods what was that something that
science needed to really dig into I
wonder if I wonder if there's some
people who really really like sweets
they like them so much that they'll get
uh weigh 300 pounds rather than cut down
on their sweets is it because they're
addictive or they just like being 300 lb
and eating
sweets did anybody need to study that I
mean
really so but it gives me an opportunity
to uh remind you of the best way to lose
weight this is the Scott Adams patented
way and I realized after I read this
about this study that there was a better
way to explain it than I've been doing
so
far and goes like this the reason people
weigh too much in their own opinions
people who want to lose weight um they
think of it as willpower and Cal
calories would you
agree if you're trying to diet if you're
the average person the average person
says it's just the number of calories
it's just my willpower I can ramp up my
willpower I will eat fewer calories and
boom I'm done I lose
weight doesn't work and people are for
you know hundreds of years people keep
being confused well why isn't it working
you it's so simple just willpower and
calories
well it's because the reframe is this
you are fighting an
addiction you're not dealing with
willpower or
calories you have an
addiction and it's because modern food
has been engineered to have the right
amount of salt sugar and fat to trigger
addiction parts of your brain so if you
deal with it as an
addiction that suggests a different way
to approach it so here's is my way to
approach it which I've mentioned before
but now you'll see it under this Frame
it'll make a little more
sense the worst way to lose weight is to
stop eating as much as you were eating
before and use your willpower to stay
that way willpower I will eat less than
the day before never
works but if you were to treat it as an
addiction which is my recommendation you
would say to yourself all right there
are about five things I eat that I need
to stop eating like one would be that
big bowl of ice cream maybe you know
whatever whatever your thing is maybe
it's that big bag of chips or whatever
but instead of stopping all of your
eating which would be a horrible
hardship because you'd be hungry all the
time and you've already got an addiction
to food it's the worst thing you if I
stopped eating I don't have a serious
addiction to food if I stop eating it
doesn't really hurt I just a little
hungry but if I were addicted like I
really really need that food of whatever
addictive type then I don't think I
could you know cut down on food so
here's what you do you target just one
food and you tell yourself you can eat
as much as you want of everything else
and that's it if you don't eat that one
food whatever it is let's say it's ice
cream about two months later you'll
notice that you have a substantially
decrease craving for that one food and
now no willpower required because you
lost the craving so now you say to
yourself all right pick the second one
all right now I also drink too much diet
soda or something you say all right I'm
going to eat as much I as I want of
everything else I'll never be hungry I
just won't have soda but it's easy not
to have ice cream also because you've
already lost The Taste for so if you
treat it as an addiction you never let
yourself be hungry you eat as much as
you need to fill yourself up all the
time every day but it might be broccoli
by the time you're done you it might be
veggies and berries and nuts and stuff
so uh or clean protein whatever that is
for you so treated as food as an
addiction not a question of calories and
willpower and you'll do great ticktock
is announced that for some users they're
going to allow longer
videos I guess the original Tik toks
were only 15
seconds and then they extended it to a
minute and a few minutes now they're
looking at 15 minutes now I got to say
Tik Tock is doing an excellent job of
raising your
children so so good work on that parents
um you've
delegated the raising of your children
to
China and China is doing a good job of
raising American children to be
non-competitive with Chinese children
now if that bothers you that China is
brainwashing your children to make them
less
competitive uh here's something you
could do about it have you tried pickle
wall it's this cool sport that'll take
your mind off of all that yeah you won't
even think about it go play some pickle
ball uh you can buy some paddles and
balls uh they're generally made in
China so if you want to forget about
China's influence of your child brain go
play some pickle ball that will totally
clear you
up um I saw this as series of posts on
the xplatform from the prince of fakes
who's a parody account does a lot of AI
stuff some of you might know the prince
of Fes but he's
anonymous uh but he he he posted this
that was fascinating he said uh I took a
Charisma communication course before for
embarking on this Cruise so I guess he's
on a cruise somewhere so I've been
practicing meeting people and having
conversations it's amazing how rules
based all of this is and how easy it is
after you learn them does that sound
familiar it's the Dale Carnegie thing
I've been telling you forever yeah what
Dale Carnegie teaches you is that social
interaction is rules based you just
follow the rules but if you didn't know
the rules you'd be like oh my God I
don't know what to say what to do what
do I do with my hands do I keep talking
do I let myself go it's rules based once
you learn the rules is really easy and
it takes about oh five minutes to learn
all the rules of human
interaction introduce yourself use the
person's name look in their eyes ask
questions about them show genuine
interest and when you're done say
something like well I need to get back
to whatever or I let I need to get back
to mixing with I need to do a little
more mixing got to got to refresh my
drink that's it if you just do those
things you're done but I was interested
that apparently the course that the
prince of f took uh encouraged you to
try to go for the
hug even in situations where you don't
think it's
appropriate imagine that could you do
that could you practice as homework
offering to hug people you just
met now apparently the prince of fakes
now remember he's on a cruise ship so
everybody on cruise ships and in relaxed
mode you know nobody's in business mode
and apparently he's he's just offering
hugs to people and he's being shocked
and amazed at how often people will even
if they seem uncomfortable will still
enthusiastically take a
hug even if they're not comfortable
they'll still take a free hug because a
free hug is like money like who givs
free
hugs so so he's having this mindblowing
experience to find out the strangers
somebody you just met and just applied a
little bit of your social skills too so
what they know about you is like 1% but
it was your good 1% that you put forward
they'll take a
hug it's like one of the greatest
lessons in life that people will
actually take a hug if you offer it to
him like if you mean it everybody likes
ug all right guy and guy not so much
but but sometimes that
too all right um I had a realization
about January 6 that made everything
come
together so January 6 as you know uh
Trump was accused
of uh inciting an
Insurrection now let me ask you this
imagine a world where that didn't
happen it would be something really
really wrong with that world wouldn't
there you know what that would be it
would be after five solid years of the
media telling half of the country that
Trump was
Hiller he on January 6 he was a few days
from leaving
office without doing anything Hill
likee think about it
what what would that have done to the
entire media narrative for five years
they hammered it
nonstop that he would never leave office
that he was looking to be a dictator
that he was basically Hiller and that it
was always 1939 Germany every day he was
alive right I'm right right so after
five years of saying he's going to be
Hiller suppose he had just left office
and January 6 is the only thing that was
different that's the only
thing the media would have exposed
itself for having run an op on the
American people for five years the
biggest op that you would have seen in
your life but what happens if they sell
you that January 6 was an
Insurrection then they were right for
five
years they were wrong for five years and
they had one chance left
because he was almost out of power you
the moment he was out of power it would
be obvious that he didn't have any
remaining power he would just be out of
office you know the way he was so if
they had not taken that last chance to
demonize him as the devil their last
five years would have been a lie so that
explains why they tried so hard to
demonize somebody who just lost an
election I mean typically you don't
demonize the loser
right that's pretty
unusual um but they needed to not only
to keep him from running again but to
cover up five years of fake news and
fake Nar wasn't even fake news it it was
pure brainwashing with the complete
knowledge of all the people involved it
was propaganda SLB brainwashing for five
solid years and it would have
all been exposed if they had not run
this little op at the end to make you
think that oh yeah yeah yeah oh yeah oh
yeah there's still a little time we were
right my God we were we were almost we
were a few days from being so
embarrassingly wrong about the biggest
thing in the world but wow wow we got
lucky on that that last you know last uh
public event yeah yeah he went all
Hitler just like we thought he would wow
we're smart five years we told you this
would happen it almost didn't but we
were right we were right in the end
right now now once I explained it to you
that it was their last chance to prove
he was Hitler and they didn't have any
proof so they manufactured it on the
last weeks you can see it
right it's super obvious as soon as I
say it am I
right is there a single person here who
would deny that that's exactly what
happened they realized they had no
Hitler material after five years so they
had to manufacture it just before he
walked out the door to keep their keep
their game alive it's pretty remarkable
and the country largely bought it half
of the country it's the only half they
needed to
convince quite
amazing uh and as part of that Owen
Shroyer is going to prison for free
speech now let me say this not as
hyperbole this is not hyperbole we don't
have free speech in the United States
don't give me your Constitution doesn't
include uh private companies because we
now know that the government has been
pressuring private companies to do their
censoring for them and we can see in
this Owen Shroyer case that nobody else
would have you know if it hadn't been a
trump supporter this wouldn't have
happened so we could say for sure
there's no free
speech you only have the ability to say
things that are not dangerous to the
people in power
that's not free speech you you can you
can agree with them as loudly as you
want Oh I got my free speech I'm
agreeing with the people in power okay
that's like opposite of free speech so
no we don't have free speech I'm not
even going to listen to an argument that
we do you're stupid if you think
we have free speech let me just say that
directly anybody in America today who
thinks that Americans have free speech
as in they can go against the official
narrative you're a idiot what
have you been looking at seriously now I
know that doesn't apply to the people in
this audience so but really I I'm
actually angered by people who imagine
that there's free speech because that's
the problem the problem is some
idiots think they still have
it and that there's no there's no
problem that's the problem
anyway so Owen Shroyer is a political
prisoner in the United States in 2023
for a political
opinion that's that's reality and he's
not alone the January 6 people have to
be punished hard to keep alive their
January 6 Hitler thing because they lost
for five years in a row on that
narrative so Owen Shyer gets to go to
jail so that they can maintain their
narrative so there's your free
speech right there
yep God I hate the government mostly the
Democrats well uh you may have heard
some stories that uh there are some
students at Harvard and maybe some other
places uh Jewish students Jewish
American students I think mostly uh who
do not feel comfortable in that
environment because the pro Palestinian
um some would say pramas but I'll say
pro pro Palestinian um activism there
now I feel like it's my job because I
have the closest thing to free speech I
don't have it either but I have I'm a
little closer than you do because I'm
already cancelled so I'm going to say
this as many times as it takes to make
the point I'm going to make this a thing
oh yeah I'm not a
quitter here's the
thing discriminating against an
individual is is
Despicable it's bad for
society and it's morally
unacceptable so don't do it don't do it
don't discriminate against individuals
or their religion or their race or their
anything it's despicable bad for society
and morally
unsupportable however avoiding a
collection of people in which you
believe and this is important it's just
in your own mind in which you believe
there are too many in that group who
openly hate
you that's just
self-defense and you should definitely
do
that so for example if you were a Jewish
student at Harvard and you thought that
there were too many students who Harbor
negative feelings about you that could
actually be dangerous then that's a
self-defense question and certainly you
should not be worried that you are
discriminated against them as a group
you can absolutely discriminate against
groups as an individual as a government
you can't do you understand that as a
government you shouldn't be
discriminated against people for
anything right that doesn't work it's a
bad system but as an individual you have
a personal risk it maybe a family risk
as well and you have to manage that the
only tools you have to manage your
personal risk and your family's risk is
what you believe to be
true nobody can take away your right to
act on what you believe is true for your
own self-defense now you might break a
law in doing so then that's a problem
you got to deal with it but
morally and safety-wise you'd be making
the right choice to reduce your risk in
any way that you think is appropriate
nobody gets to question that so if these
Jewish students were to say I think I'll
you know take a semester off or maybe
transfer to someplace I feel safer that
would be a
reasonable decision based on
self-defense and
security it would not be
discrimination well let me take it let
me change that it might be
discrimination but who gives a it
might be is perfectly acceptable for
self-defense right again discriminating
against anyone
individual is Despicable morally
unacceptable and it doesn't work for
society as well doesn't work for anybody
nobody wins but looking at a group of
people a collection of people who have
anything in common mentally in other
words if there's anything about that
group that they would Harbor even by
let's say 2% of them might only be 2% of
the the group has a really bad feeling
about people like you whoever you are
you should get the away from that
situation if you can get some
distance so every day that goes
by I will look more
right because I started out being right
uh I just expressed it in a way that
allowed people to cancel me because you
know we we live in a cancel um cancel
dopamine Society so people got dopamine
from cancelling me and that's why they
did it because they got dopamine had
nothing to do with what I
said you know they they could imagine or
make an argument that's about what I
said but it wasn't it was opportunistic
it's like oh I get a little dopamine HP
from cancel this guy I disagree with so
in every situation in which there's a
group that have been uh brainwashed to
think you're the problem you should get
some distance
and you should not apologize for it but
don't discriminate against
individuals well at the moment or I
think it was yesterday there was a trans
and a
gay protest they were marching in
support of the
Palestinians does that seem
uh like maybe not good self
defense yeah if I were worried about my
safety and I would be if I were trans
and gay a little extra security
issue um I would certainly not want to
spend more time around a group of people
who mostly probably find people but
there might be a high percentage among
them predictably that would want to
throw you off a roof maybe only
1% but would you be in favor of bringing
over a 100 people if you were pretty
sure that one of them would want to kill
you I would no no I would say that would
be perfectly acceptable
discrimination however if it were an
individual and let's say you were
talking to just one person and they said
hey you know I used to live over there
in Gaza but I got to tell you I don't
even believe in religion and I don't
even think there is such a thing as a
holy
land I was sort of in the wrong place
you know do you mind if I come into the
country well hold on let let's say in my
hypothetical there's something that
allows you to check that it's real that
it's not a
liar if if you vetted that one
individual and you're pretty sure they
didn't have any bad feelings about
Israel I'd be fine letting them in it'd
be like anybody else well there's no
there's no red flag here just because
you lived in a place all of your
attitudes are the kind that don't look
dangerous yeah fine but where you would
not discriminate against said individual
ual you could definitely discriminate
against the group of people just based
on your belief even if it's wrong just
based on your belief that there might be
some uh people who want to kill you in
that group even if it's only one or 1%
you get to avoid that one if you have an
option you should do whatever you can to
make sure there are fewer people around
you want to kill you completely
reasonable even if 99%
don't
all
right um rasmuson asked people what they
thought about bringing Palestinian
refugees into
America um how many uh us voters
approximately just approximately how
many US voters do you think uh thought
it would be a good idea to welcome the
Gaza
refugees oh that's a pretty good guess
yeah
28% a little higher than normal 28%
but your guesses were
extraordinary once again your ability to
guess what posters have to check on it's
in but uh 52% say no and other 20% are
not so
sure I feel like the not so sure should
be eliminated from all
polls no
you if a if somebody says well I don't
know just just say just Mark him down as
an NPC and just go
on um and during his visit to Israel
Biden said the vast majority of
Palestinians are not Hamas Hamas does
not represent the Palestinian people
true or
false actually I think Hamas literally
represents them though don't they as in
they're actually the leader of the
Palestinians in
Gaza am I wrong about that that like
literally they represent them now to be
clear that's not to say that the Hamas
views are shared by the people that they
represent but they're it is kind of
their job they're in charge now I don't
know if you know they haven't had
elections in a while so it's not fair to
say that they elected
them um but where Biden is wrong is that
he's using an individual standard
to judge a
group that doesn't work for
self-defense because he's saying should
we bring a group over he's not saying
should we very carefully check each
individual you know I mean they would do
some checking but how much could you do
um no he's using a standard which makes
you less safe so that he can feel more
woke I feel that's what it is so he's
he's saying we want to create a
situation that would be more dangerous
for Jewish
Americans um for sure but you don't know
if it's like slightly slightly more
dangerous in which case it might be
morally acceptable because if you were
you know saving the lives of thousands
of
refugees and the downside from that was
well in some like hard to Define slight
way it might be worse for some other
people who are still here Jewish
Americans in particular you'd probably
still do it because you know the world
is always a balance of interests so
there's always somebody who's a little
worse off if you make somebody better
off and even if it's an indirect way
but in the
context of the Palestinians in Gaza
literally being
bombed
by the uh state of Israel you wouldn't
really accept you wouldn't expect the
average Palestinian coming out of that
Hot War to have a good attitude about
Jewish
Americans why even though the Jewish
Americans are not Israel well they may
support them and that would feel like
supporting the people bombing you so
under this situation it's actually
insane to allow uh refugees from the war
area there are lots of situations where
I might say maybe yes but not if they've
been infected with a mental virus uh
that's not their making not their fault
has nothing to do with their genes or
their
culture they specifically have been
infected with a brain virus that would
make them dangerous to other citizens of
the United States so why I say too much
risk uh no no
immigration for just that uh
now later if 10 years go by and
everybody's peaceful in the Middle East
for some reason sure I mean if things
change so it's not about the people it's
about the situation plus the people
that's too
dangerous BBC reported uh that there are
already 5,000 deaths in Gaza mostly of
the uh Gaza residents and
Fighters two questions you must ask
about that number one where does the BBC
get that kind of
information how in the world would they
know how many people died in Gaza who
would tell them
that well probably Hamas right don't you
think they got it from Hamas not exactly
dependable and then also how many of the
5,000 do you think were
civilians kind of important because the
people have a different opinion about
killing the Hamas Fighters than they do
with
civilians so I would warn you that 100%
of the news that comes out of there
about death is unreliable but if we were
to talk about it from just the pr
perspective Whatever Gets reported by
the
BBC is going to be somebody's
truth so at the end of this the BBC is
going to report a number of casualties
and
deaths and there may be other sources
let's say Israel is reporting much lower
number which I think fact which one do
you believe and the answer is neither
and the answer is people will choose the
one that agrees with their opinion so if
you think it was a a brutal uh genocide
you're going to pick the big number that
Hamas comes up with if you think it was
a reasonable self-defense act you're
going to pick Israel's smaller number
but you'll never
know don't think you'll ever know don't
know if it'll even be between those
numbers in any any kind of way you could
pick the midpoint or anything so you
probably just won't know the only thing
you'll know is that I have a hard time
even visualizing 5,000 dead
people like my brain maxes out around
that point 5,000 dead people in like a
week all in one
place that's an insane amount of dead
people like it if you try to imagine
them piled up like cordwood it's a big
 pile of dead people so when you
get to to
20,000 you're already Beyond Way Beyond
what I can sort of
imagine so at some point it becomes
irrelevant because you know it hits a 10
and a 10 in our brain no matter what the
actual number is I think we'll be at 10
out of 10 all
right uh there's been an a climate
change adjustment to some Chinese Hots
spot model I guess they had a model that
predicted where the hotspots would be
for climate change and they did a
complicated you know tweaking and
adjustment to make it a better model and
fit the B the past better and there's no
way I can read that being a experienced
individual in the world and think that
anybody can measure the temperature of
Earth how many of you think that the
temperature of the planet can be
measured and that you you can look at
the average over time and learn
something that is so obviously not
something that humans can do right we
we've been told oh scientists can do
things that you can't do no they can't
do
this this isn't science the measurements
are not science if anybody thinks
they're science you're lost no the
measurements are something that
Engineers might do or people who are
just paid to put something in a field
that looks like a a
thermometer now I don't even have to
tell you all the ways that could go
wrong but let me let me give you the
Dilbert the Dilbert version of measuring
the temperature of the Earth all right
guys let's take a measurement of the
earth and compare it to the one we took
last year all right o a number of our
measuring devices uh seem to be offline
or or out so I guess we'll all right
we'll just put in a number that's like
the average of the other ones to
compensate for these broken ones all
right but we also have big areas where
in which there's no measurements at all
so we're going to make some assumptions
about those that they're similar to how
they've always
been uh or there the average between the
things that we can
measure by the time you're done it's all
just a human being making a bunch of
assumptions that can't can't be tested
that's it you you wouldn't know if your
measurements are right because there's
nothing to compare them
to right the the the measurements of the
satellites take of the upper atmosphere
are different than what you're getting
on the
ground now if one moves in One Direction
and the other moves in the other
direction what do you know maybe
nothing no
anybody who's let let me put it this way
anybody who's ever had let's say
business corporate
experience and you've watched what
happens behind the curtain you've
watched actual real people try to figure
out how to measure anything or to get
data on anything if you've seen real
people try to measure or get data on
anything in the real world it's always
the same you
can't it's not doable so you end up
making assumptions and trying to sell it
to people as though you did it it's not
doable at all now I'm not saying that
the planet is or is not warming I don't
know and I'm not saying it is or is not
a problem I don't know I think that if
it is a problem we'll figure it out and
if it isn't a if it is not a problem
well I wouldn't be surprised I mean it
would perfectly fit the evidence as I
see it that people don't really know how
to measure
stuff all right so someday uh someday
that will be the funniest thing we look
back at and imagine we believed you know
from today's perspective you look back
and you think oh isn't it funny that we
used to think that smoking was good for
you like it was good for your health
people actually believe that now we look
back and go how stupid we were oh my God
how dumb we were to have believed
something so ridiculous by today's
standard that's what measuring the the
temperature of the Earth is going to
look like in 40 years in 40 years we're
going to look back and say oh my God the
entire civilization was built around the
belief you could measure the temperature
of the Earth or even the direction of
the temperature either one and we will
laugh at it as obviously absurd or that
we can even know which
variables uh are the the major variables
pushing
climate we will think it's so funny
someday but when you're in it you're
like am I surrounded by people who don't
know how the real world Works yes I
am well um Hamas apparently stockpiled a
bunch of fuel in anticipation of uh
what's happening now so Hamas itself
might have a lot of fuel but the
hospitals might be running out of fuel
being keeping the lights on and that uh
Israel is pointing out that Hamas has an
option they can give their fuel to the
hospitals and if they don't is that on
is that on
Israel you know if Hamas doesn't want to
share their the sufficient fuel that
they have same with the food it's a good
point But ultimately it's only about
power all right did I tell you about my
uh
my mission to uh brand
Marxism because in my opinion no more
than 1% of people even know what Marx is
about they would say uh communism
socialism something like that that's all
they would know so when you say we must
not elect that politician because
they're a Marxist just know that that
doesn't that doesn't influence anybody
because they don't even know what it is
and if they think it means socialism M
they're going to say you mean like
healthare I like healthare you mean like
Social Security that kind of socialism
what's wrong with that that's what
people will say so you're not going to
make Marxism go away by saying oh that
Marxist because nobody knows what it
means in any in any useful way they
don't know what it means so you're going
to need persuasion not the facts the
facts are on your side they're just not
persuasive so you're going to have to
abandon the facts if you want to
persuade and the way I would abandon
them is this I would say uh it's called
Marxism because it's about marking
people as oppressors to justify taking
their stuff somebody added taking their
stuff and burning it but I don't think
you need to add that
um now you say to but somebody's going
to say Scott it's after Carl marks it's
not Marx as in marking something with a
magic mark marker to which I say I know
but you're never going to forget it are
you you're never going to forget it so
that was all I was going for and sooner
or later people will start associating
marks with marking people for death
because that's actually indirectly
that's what ends up happening because
it's a oppressor oppressed model and the
idea is you identify who your oppressors
are you identify who the oppressed are
and you organize you oppressed to do bad
things to the oppressors because damn it
they deserve it they've got all your
stuff they stole it from you so Marxism
is about marking people
for uh as oppressors so that you can
take their stuff it is a complete
corrupt and broken process and it's you
know the driver of antifa and black
lives matter and
a lot of stuff you don't like all
right it's not the same but
what yeah the teachers
unions the tale of Robin Hood is
Marxist
yep
marus couldn't see his penis without two
mirrors
okay a mar you're you're a Marist you're
either a Marxist or a
Marist the Marist are a
capitalists yeah
and anybody who calls me a
colonizer I don't want to be
around don't want to hire them don't
want to know them no want to live in
their
Town how do we persuade liberal white
women to stop pushing guilt as the
operating system of
life
well I I don't know what to do about the
fact that most of the bad ideas are
coming from one segment of the
population what do you do about
that there there does seem to be a
market
segment that is the problem and it does
seem to be you know single white
women so I've never known anybody that
could tell a single white woman
anything so I I don't know how you would
persuade that
group vable narcissists yeah mocking
them I think I think I think they're
already mocked it doesn't seem to make a
difference you're an exception
good oh I don't know if I've conquered
Dei I think there's just as much Dei in
ESG as there ever was they just might
stop saying the names as
much but boy you say colonizer around
me and you're my mortal
enemy
um colonize what
wom oh I am a colonizer but it's like
the nword you can call yourself a
colonizer but if somebody else calls you
one it means they they're Marsing you
for
death
Alena um your son's learning about
colonizers Anatolia just tweeted word
thinking did he retweet mine or he was
using it on his
own
um your son was forced to read Trevor
Noah's biography in high school oh my
God uh word thinking is not word salid
those are different concepts word salid
is a whole bunch of words in a
paragraph or a sentence that sort of the
grammar is right but it doesn't make any
sense that's uh word salad word thinking
is where you try to win an argument by
making your definition of the word the
one the other one has to accept so for
example U Nikki Haley tweeted that uh
Zion
anti-zionists are just
anti-semitic now a community notes
immediately factor and said uh no those
are just different words they mean
different things you know one one is
about the territory of
Israel you know and the other is about
the people and there's a big difference
between the the dirt on the ground and
the people standing on it so but it is
also true that uh some number of the
anti- zionists are also
anti-semitic so she's she's
directionally right but she is
incorrect directionally there's you know
big vend diagram correlation of course
but not all that
way so it's word thinking to try to win
your argument by saying the new
definition that I just made up is that
anti- Zan by definition means uh
anti-semitic so but you can't win an
argument just by changing the definition
of
stuff Scott you say you're not right or
left for yours how do you articulate
your position I still don't understand
why do you need
to why why do you need a label for me
you can't understand me without the
label why can't I just be open-minded
it's like
it
um yeah I I always reject people who
tell me I have to identify with the left
or the right I don't have to do that I
absolutely do not have to do that that's
something in your mind is not has
nothing to do with
me all right
um uh oh I identify left as left of
Bernie as a
joke it's the same way I endorsed
Hillary Clinton for president for my
personal
safety how do you reframe the feeling of
loneliness when you can't find people
who think like well you know that's part
of the reason I do these live
streams because uh my personal life I
have almost zero contact with anybody
who's even interested in what's
happening in
politics close to
zero so if I did not do this sort of
professionally I wouldn't have any
contact with anybody who cared about any
of it well I'm talking about people
locally you know Greg's a friend but
he's lives on the other coast of the
people I see in
person uh none of them are interested in
politics it's just the rarest thing I
think of one but I haven't seen them
lately yeah maybe two two I can think of
like two people who would actually want
to have a
conversation
I should get
chickens I know somebody who got
chickens and ruined your life chickens
is the literally the worst idea anybody
ever had because you know what happens
when you get
chickens sooner or later what happens
sooner or
later sooner later you get a
rooster because you can't tell if it's a
rooster or a hen when it's a chick
and if you've got chickens sooner or
later somebody's going to give you a
chick say Hey you need another another
one of those and if that thing is a
rooster do you know what happens in my
town if you kill the rooster you'd go to
jail
seriously if you keep the rooster you'll
lose your
house because the rooster will Crow and
your neighbors will complain and you
will have to move or go to jail because
you can't have a rooster so you can't
have a rooster and you can't kill a
rooster you can't hurt it and you can't
have it you actually have to move out of
town you got to move for a
rooster so my uh my restaurant partner
had this exact
scenario a chicken that somebody gave
her as a pet and she Lov it and she was
allergic to other kinds of pets one
chicken turned into
two then there was a rooster and her
life was
ruined now you might say to me Scott you
could just sort of down low kill that
rooster but the people who have chickens
as pets tend to be uh animal
lovers no you can't give it away there's
there's nobody who will take a
rooster you cannot give it away if you
give it away you'd be giving it away to
somebody to kill it probably so you'd be
complicit in the crime I
suppose shouldn't be any chickens in the
suburbs in the city that's
correct yeah the worst thing you could
ever do let get a
chicken never never do
that
um
Key West has chickens walking all around
right say it's illegal to kill them that
makes
sense I I feel like in the Key West I
saw chickens everywhere they were just
wandering around
everywhere from
fighting in
Kawai
just leave the rooster inside the coup
and let predators do the
work you harvest
it oh quietly drop off the rooster where
there other
chickens yeah I suppose if you got a pet
coyote but again I'm talking about
animal lovers not people who would be
willing to kill a chicken or a
booster vocal
disto do I have a victory garden no I'm
not
really not really a gardener I've
learned what do I think of Google well I
agree with Dr Epstein who says it's
controlling the election outcomes
hey my laptop's on the way got to do
laptop
coming looks like they're flipping all
Trump lawyers or are they just pleading
out and they were
overcharged so I I used to uh feed
chickens at my uh
uncle's uh
Farm chickens are really
scary in groups
so I'd go into the chicken cop you know
so it' be sort of a big indoor area and
I'd be bringing the food and imagine if
you will the the floor is just solid
chickens it's just chickens everywhere
but normally if you bring food to
animals they they you know they go for
the food but the chickens go for you I
would like to give my uh impression of
the chickens in the room when you walk
into it all right remember I'm like 10
years old or something right and I walk
in I've got this bucket of
feed here here's what here's what I'd
hope to see oh
food that's not what I saw imagine a
room full of chickens and they've all
got this attitude and they're slowly
walking toward
you
but it's all of them and they're kind of
quiet and it looks like they're ready to
jump you and you're
like if you jump me I won't be able to
come back with food no no chickens don't
don't do it all I'll give you twice as
much food don't do it all and then the
chickens kill
you well that's how I saw it playing out
in my
head I imagined it that
way
all right now I have to go figure out
why the YouTube stopped
working
because I think my cable stopped
working you know I used to used to work
in a laboratory that did a lot of
Technology testing and we would test
things and they wouldn't work and they
wouldn't work and we'd 90% of the time
we'd find out that a cable had gone
bad while it was just sitting there I
don't know how that happens but the
number of times it was a bad cable when
we thought one of the devices was
bad probably at least 80% of the time it
was the cable now these little cables
are just like us USC USB
C's and I've got a couple of them that
one does power and one goes to the uh
mixer one of them stopped working
working this
morning I don't know why I have no idea
why it just stopped working and it was
too late to fix it so I was so I was
using the uh speaker in the
device and I knew that one second in the
YouTube people would be
bitching so them like I you know if
if they can't handle
that the one minute warning you're very
clever you knew I was you knew I was
stalling to
8:00 there was oxidation on the
contacts
um no so you ask can I just turn YouTube
comments off the answer is yes but also
totally no totally yes but also totally
no the yes best part is it does have
that
option the no part is remembering where
it is from the last time you used it
it's sort of a buried option yeah you
have to go like on a journey to find it
probably have to Google it ask a friend
that that sort of situation by the way I
finally figured out how to log out from
the xplatform on my
iPad oh my god did they hide that it's
like four layers of menus down
and none of the menu choices would give
you any indication that at the end of it
would be a log out thing like it is
really well hidden and intentionally of
course so I so I was looking for it this
morning in anticipation of the audio
sound couldn't find it and didn't have
time to find it this
morning
you have to call to log
in is this double the usual audience it
looks like it is looks like a number of
people went to YouTube and then came
over here for the excellent show which
by the way is time to wind down thanks
for coming appreciate everybody I wish
YouTube worked a little bit better but
we do what we can
do um bye for
now maybe man cave
tonight
probably