[Music]
let me get ready here for the best show
ever almost
ready look at that everything's working
today good morning everybody and welcome
to the highlight of human civilization
and it's called coffee with Scott Adams
and I'm pretty sure there's never been a
better time in your whole life if you'd
like to take it up to another level that
people with small human smooth brains
can't even understand all you need for
that is a CER a mug or a glass of tanker
chalis din a kinen juger flask of vessle
of any kind fill it with your favorite
liquid I like coffee and join me now for
the unparallel pleasure the dopamine of
the day the thing that makes everything
better it's called the simultaneous Sip
and it goes like the
now that's the name that's the noise you
make after the
simultaneous
ah if you're making a noise that sounds
like
H that's the wrong noise and you've
confused your memes so don't do
that only the people on the internet
even understand what that comment meant
and you're laughing so hard now and the
rest of you are like what why is
everybody laughing why is that funny why
is HW tuille funny I I miss that Meme
well if you missed that Meme you missed
a good one
huy well there's some news uh I don't
know if you saw some uh video of Justin
Timberlake at giving a
concert and uh pretty much everybody who
saw the video said um what's wrong with
his eyes he looks so Wast or wired on
something that that doesn't look good
that looks very bad well how bad was it
um I think it was the same around the
same time he was he got a
DUI in New York so he gets a DUI and he
was such a dumbass that the cop who
stopped him the first time simply asked
him to get a ride home and he agreed and
then he just started driving
again and the cops a little bit later
and arrested him and he was like all
right I mean you dumbass I literally
literally gave you a break you know
which you should probably shouldn't have
done but he gave him a break and then he
bized him and you know or he might have
refused it I don't know but anyway he
gets arrested for a DUI and here's the
interesting part about that you know
that um he was driving a BMW BMW SUV
same vehicle I drive oh we celebrities
pretty much do the same cars but if he
had been driving a
Tesla a self-driving
Tesla would this problem have happened
in other words would there have been any
reason to to pull them over in the first
place because the car would have been
driving perfectly police would have had
no reason to have any suspicion at all
and he probably would have driven all
the way home and into his driveway now
it's not legal let me be clear it is not
legal to be drunk behind the wheel of a
self-driving car just to be very clear
don't do that that's very
illegal but it would have also been
relatively very safe I assume I mean
needs to be studied but I'm going to
assume that that's a lot of safer than
driving
drunk but wait there's more do you
remember that the Teslas were named
using the uh the convention that that
musk was going to use the letters in the
word sexy so there's a Model S there's
an X there's a y there must be an e
right so that he was intentionally
spelling sexy with the models of his
cars so here's the punchline that I took
way too long to get to there is some
chance that if Justin Timberlake had a
Tesla sexy would be bringing him back
yes yes delivered it I delivered it wow
sexy would bring him back that's right
you can try to retell that jok at home
and it'll be just as flat as when I
tried it way too much setup but it's
still I think a good payoff I think it
was worth your time sexy is bringing him
back yeah all right um speaking of
drinking I saw this message just moments
ago before I got on from dve r on x and
he said quote I quit drinking after 45
years because Scott Adams hypnotized me
thank God and Scott
well I like to be sharing credit with
God but in this case I might have had a
little bit of
extra responsibility here but you know
God do we don't want to leave God out
but because you know God's great too but
um I want to tell you that the strangest
thing about my weird career is that the
most important thing I will have done in
my life is
this so if it's true that dear got a
little boost from me and it helped him
quit drinking after 45 years my God
congratulations
Dave great job do any of you have any
conception of how hard it would be to
stop drinking after 45 years I mean just
wrap your around that I don't think he
can I think it's beyond
imagination we're talking about the
highest level of difficulty
accomplishment here and it was done
largely on the weight of one sentence
alcohol is poison that was the hypnosis
and I hear almost every day from
somebody who quit drinking forever
because they heard one sentence alcohol
is poison that's in my book had it
filled almost everything and still wind
big but also reiterated in my book
reframe your brain so they are written
with hypnosis let's say informed by
hypnosis techniques they're not hypnosis
per se but reframes can actually
reprogram your brain even for something
as deep as an addiction now I'm
surprised that it works that well but so
many people have said it it's just
shocking well another news in Toyota is
says it's uh no longer going to focus on
electric vehicles and instead we'll
develop new combustion engines some
people say that might have something to
do with hydrogen I don't know but I can
tell you this if you've tried to buy a
Toyota truck recently you know that you
can't because they're in such demand
that they're selling them you know as
soon as they have the pipeline they're
they're all sold before they reach the
Dealer's lot the all of the Toyota
trucks and they don't need to do
anything for
anybody whatever they're doing must be
working like crazy because people want
those trucks like crazy every day I'm on
the road I see a a Toyota Tacoma go by
and I say to myself man I wish I could
have bought one of those I tried
couldn't figure out how to get
one anyway
um but it's not all about electric cars
I'm I'm glad that the big auto companies
are looking at more than one way to make
a car I think I'd be disappointed if
everybody just went electric and just
said that's electric you know there's
only only one way that would worry me i'
I'd rather see that there are two or
three competing techniques from really
capable companies we'll see who wins let
the marketplace decide well here's
something that apparently musk
said uh that I didn't catch I saw a
version of it but not this he he said
one of his predictions lately elen musk
uh telling Tesla
investors that the value of Tesla
alone could become half of the combined
value of the S&P
500 let me say that again Elon Musk has
said in public to Tesla investors that
the value of Tesla just that one company
could become as valuable as half of all
the companies in the Fortune 500 it
could be half of the entire
index and that's because of
robots that's entirely a robot play and
he's saying if he doesn't you know get
his pay package he'll take his robot
somewhere else so is that possible I
actually think that's completely
possible I think you're talking about a
multi-trillion dollar
industry and whoever is the biggest in
it and it's very likely it could be
Tesla is going to have a trillion dollar
multi-trillion dollar business so I'm
not sure he's wrong I mean that's a
really gutsy um
prediction but I think he's right I
think he's right I've been spending more
and more time with AI using chat GPT in
particular
4.0
and I can report that it's completely
addictive
if you haven't experienced it yet and
most of you
haven't it's it's so addictive you know
uh I remember the first time I saw the
internet it was in the little lab in
Pacific Bell before the public had even
heard of the internet literally
literally before the public had heard
the word
internet um I was playing with it in the
lab and then you could feel you could
feel the attraction to it and everybody
else could too you knew it was going to
be big before it was anything you could
just tell everybody had the same
excitement about it from the first
exposure AI does that
too right if you tried a few AI things
when it was when it was new and it
didn't do much for you because it didn't
do much when it was
new it's completely different already so
I've already told you that
um let me give you an example so driving
home from Starbucks yesterday I had some
thoughts about some potential
Investments and I thought to myself you
know it would be good if I could find a
company that's in the business of making
the little servos and Little Motors that
will go into
robots because you want to buy the thing
that every robot needs to Independent of
which company is making the robots and
it seemed to me that the robot makers
would probably at least in the near term
use whatever company already is good at
making Motors because there are already
robotss in industrial settings so there
are already robot Motors in a a
specialty area so instead of doing my
Google search which never works have you
ever noticed that that the odds that you
can find something with a Google search
went from pretty good to it's a coin
flip at best but with AI I have this
entire conversation on the way home just
a conversation you I just turn it on to
conversation mode and I say stuff like
hey I'm thinking of invest invting in
the robot area but I want to find the
company that's likely to win in the
making little motors for each of the
robot arms and legs and stuff and it
comes up with a name and it says Uh
there's a Japanese company I forget what
it
was and uh you know it makes these
robots and blah blah and then I said
well what percentage of their business
is the robot Parts because it was a big
company they said well they don't break
that out so I said okay well forget
about that one what what is the best
company that makes robot engines that's
mostly in that business you know so that
their biggest exposure is that one
thing
and uh it gave me names that I could
later look up look into if I wanted to
so it completely answered my questions
and it didn't do any of that hesitating
stuff you know the hesitating like well
you know uh I can't give you that
information because I don't want give
you Financial advice oh it gave
Financial advice but not as advice as
simply answered questions in fact I was
giving myself advice but it was
answering questions to get there now I
did the same thing with a bunch of
medical questions because I had some um
I had some questions about you know
whether One symptom is common to another
thing and you I was trying to track down
some Mysteries and it was amazing it was
so much better than talking to a doctor
because I've talked to doctors and it
would just answer all of my questions
perfectly it was really exciting
so here's what I found AI is best
for it's best for having a conversation
where you've got a lot of questions and
you know exactly what you want to know
but you need to coax it into giving you
the right answer it's great at that
already so that's coming anyway uh the
only thing I want to tell you is that if
you haven't experienced the addiction
part of it you will and when they put
that in a robot
form it it's there's no way I'm not
going to have the robot I'm going to
have a robot following me around all day
doing whatever I want guaranteed there's
no there's no way that's not going to
happen all right there a bunch of kids
in Hawaii who sued the state over
climate change and one bunch of bunch of
kids sued over climate change and won
and what they won was uh Hawaii agreed
to decarbonize their transit
systems and I thought to myself I've
been to Hawaii are you telling me they
have a transit system I'm hearing that
for the first
time I thought the transit system was
you rent a car at the airport and then
you are your own transit system that's
true for Maui maybe they have a bus
Maybe I don't know they don't have much
of a transit system in Hawaii but uh
here's uh the important part of this
story um that uh the director of
Transportation over in Hawaii he said
quote climate change is
indisputable isn't that a weird
word so can you tell that that person is
hypnotized that's not that's not an
opinion that you come to through reason
nothing's in dispute
aable if you use a word like
indisputable you're pretty much
signaling that you did not get there by
reason if you had arrived at your
opinion by reason you would have said
probably something closer to in all
likelihood or all indications are or
science tells
us those are all fair but to say
indisputable you're treating me like I'm
a idiot no it's not indisputable
goes watch this I dispute
it now when I dispute it I'm disputing
the models and I'm disputing the alarm
whether or not the Earth is getting
warmer I don't know but I'm pretty sure
they don't know
either yeah my best argument about uh
climate change is have you met people
have you met people here here's the
argument in favor of climate change then
I'll show you how my argument works we
know the temperatures going up because
we have a vast array of thermometers
sensitive devices placed in locations
around the world and we check them and
then we can see that the temperature has
been going up and by the way we can tell
it's been going up for 100
years to which I say have you met
people what people have you met them the
humans you've heard of them right human
beings
there are some things they can
do some things they can't do for example
they're pretty good at murdering each
other so if you told me I think people
murder each other sometimes I would have
said y yep that's that's that's un brand
that sounds like some people do if you
said people eat too much and they get
fat I'd say yeah yeah I've not only
observed that but that's just what
people do people are like that people be
like that but if you tell me
that people selected from all over the
country have built a vast array of
sensitive measuring devices in a context
in which you only get paid if you get
the one answer and not the other one and
you tell me that they're telling me that
something like science is happening in
that situation my answer to you is have
you met people you've met people right
no that isn't something people can do
not ever
don't give me your vast network of
sensitive measuring devices I've lived
in the real world you can't do
that you can lie about it I've been in
that world I've been in the world where
we were measuring stuff and it was my
job to tell you what what we measured I
guarantee it wasn't real but it was
still my job to do it I even predicted
the future I used to I used to do uh
Financial predictions five years
out absurd completely absurd we had no
idea what was going to happen in 5 years
but I'd give my confident little
spreadsheets look at my model I built
with all my assumptions here's what's
going to happen five years from now no I
was a human I can't do that and you're a
human but you believed it but you
shouldn't have no people can't do that
stuff we just can't do that stuff don't
get me started about the
elections it's the same argument
uh an election was held in the United
States in which individuals thousands
and thousands of them from all over the
country got together to honestly and
accurately count up the votes so that we
would know that nothing unto art had
happened to which I say have you met
people have you met
people there was a story yesterday of a
Department of Transportation truck that
turned a corner too fast and it and
tragically it hit a 86y old
man but it wasn't the whole truck I
think it was just the mirror the mirror
hit the head of the old man and it
sliced it clean off and the old man's
head went rolling down the street and
number of people caught it on camera and
so his decapitated head was like half a
block from where the rest of his body
was but here's the interesting part of
the story by weird coincidence he was
some mafia
boss he was part of the Gen of's Mafia
crime family he was 86 took his head off
now if you said to me
Scott has there ever been a case where a
Department of Transportation truck took
a corner too fast and took the head off
a mafia guy I'd say well that's not a
common thing but it is within the brand
I could see that happening because there
are Mafia people there are trucks there
are people who drive poorly and there
are sometimes those automobiles at
people sometimes ad comes off so I would
have said well maybe not 100% sure but
that's within brand that's on brand you
know what's not on brand thousands of
people working honestly to give us an
honest result in the election have you
met
people that's not something we can do
no and we don't know the temperature
everywhere all the time it's not
something we can
do anyway but here's the important part
of the story the director of
Transportation his name is Ed
sniffen S ni I
ffen but the most important thing is if
Ed sniffin has a daughter and she
marries the daughter the son of Dicky
butts well she might be
yeah sniffing
butts so that's the important part of
the story and that's what I wanted to
get to the rest not that
important well the founder of uh soft
Bank masayoshi son says that AI super
intelligence is going to come at you
faster than you think and that by uh
let's see 10 years from now there'll the
super intelligence of AI will be 10,000
times smarter than human
Geniuses 10,000 times smarter than human
Geniuses but you know what's funny about
that if you're 5% smarter than somebody
they can't
tell if because your dog doesn't know
you're smarter than the dog right when
when I come into a room I turn on the
lights and what I know is everything
from you know the Edison invting
inventing the light bulb to you know uh
Ben Franklin and his electricity
experiments and I know the wiring in the
wall and I I know I know something about
circuitry and I know that there's you
know a little heat resistance in the
bulb so I I like my vast intelligence
just turns on the light do you know what
my dog
thinks well there's that idiot who
walked in and doesn't seem to know I
need a treat you idiot
you're just lucky that the light comes
on whenever you enter a room for reasons
I don't understand because otherwise
you'd just be bumping around in the dark
because you can't see with your
human eyes you lousy stupid organic
piece of not giving me a treat whatever
you are so my dog doesn't even know I'm
smarter than it the dog thinks I'm an
idiot like you know I want to go outside
why are you standing there you idiot you
fool well what's going to happen when
the AI is 10,000 times smarter than us
we're not going to know
it like we'll know that it does math
well and can beat us in chess but we're
still going to think it's
wrong right so what if the AI becomes
10,000 times smarter and says something
that uh disagrees with the narrative
such as well actually whatever sex
you're born that's kind of what you are
now I'm just using that example to be
provocative but what if it does what are
we going to say oh great AI you are
10,000 times smarter than the smartest
human so if you disagree with me I guess
I should just change my mind to your
10,000 times smarter View and then I
will be acting like a smart person
without the benefit of being
smart have you met people have you ever
met a
person is that how we're going to act
no when AI is 10,000 times smarter than
us we will think it's stupid because
it's not giving us a treat hey AI why
won't you unlock the
refrigerator it's because you already
weigh 400 lb and you are about 10
minutes away from dying from a heart
attack I have locked the refrigerator in
between eating times to save your life
well you stupid refrigerator don't you
understand that
uh being overweight is no risk to my
health I saw that on Tik
Tok no you are absolutely completely
totally 100% wrong 100% of all science
says that you are much much less happy
at your current weight so I've locked
the refrigerator so that you will stay
healthier well I'm going to unplug your
ass and I'm going to get rid of you
completely because you don't seem to
understand the most simple things in
life such that overeating is not
unhealthy
now that is what people
do in case you haven't met any
people so that'll be
interesting uh there's a new story that
scientists have spotted what they call
possibly an alien mega structure around
nearby Stars that's right a death star
we found death stars around other
planets and we can tell by the heath
signature uh that were was predicted in
the 60s
uh that there would be something called
Dyson Spears huge structures
theoretically built by Advanced aliens
and they're probably collecting up all
the Star Energy in the Dyson
Cube because the
aliens they are totally there let me uh
let me explain to you how the alien
stuff
works um whenever Joe Biden has a bad
news week we discover some more aliens
do you know how many aliens we're going
to discover the day after the uh
debate if I had to bet and that debate
goes poorly for Joe Biden the news will
be that aliens have landed and they're
already meeting with Biden in the in the
white house we can't show you
pictures because you know security but
totally there are aliens in the white
house now and they say that President
Trump is probably a sex offender and may
be a racist and that you should not vote
for him CU if you do the alien Armada
will have to destroy Earth because it's
the only way to end the Republican
Reign so that's probably the news the
day after the debate something like that
no there are no aliens that have been
detected there might be aliens but no
there are no D and Spears there are no
captured
spaceships nobody has any biologics
none of that's
true it is just to keep your
brain busy so you don't see what's
really
happening all right
um Andrew
Cuomo as you know was once the governor
of New York in a famous political name
famous Democrat he's as Democrat as you
can get you cannot get more Democrat
than the Democrat Governor who's the son
of a Democrat Governor whose brother
once worked on
CNN that's as deeply Democrat as you
could possibly be and he was on Bill Mar
show last night and
said as directly as you can say he said
that he was a former Attorney General so
he's not just talking as a politician he
was an attorney general in New York and
he says uh he admits that the brag case
was basically a political thing and that
uh if if if his name had not been Don
Donald Trump there's no way that case
would have been
brought now a whole bunch of Democrats
just watched Bill Maher and one of the
most deepest you know and also credible
I would say uh Democrats just called it
out as a total um violation of
democracy they literally tried to take
Trump's
Freedom by distorting democracy to the
point where even somebody on their team
says nope absolutely not and by the way
he was not qualifying it as in well you
know I don't think it would have gone
the other way if it hadn't been Trump
he's saying no 100% this was a show
trial yeah those are my words but he's
saying it as clearly and it was uh it
was it was
entirely um
political now do the Democrats not see
it because now it's broken through into
their bubble but not in the biggest way
so it's not still not reported that way
in the regular news but wherever people
can talk
freely even the Democrats will say
it the best part was uh I only saw a
clip but it looked like uh um Adam
kinsinger was sitting next to
him and Adam
kinsinger since he you know chooses to
be in the new news I can talk about him
I wouldn't say this about you know just
an ordinary citizen but he chooses to be
in the news he has mental illness
written all over him everybody sees that
right that Adam kinsinger he just looks
mentally ill all the time he looks like
he's on the edge of a mental breakdown
all the time so watching him sit there
and having to listen to uh Cuomo
essentially demon the side he's on was
pretty interesting because kin because
Adam kinsinger am I saying that right he
he's one of the the worst people in the
world because he was part of that fake
January 6 committee which was basically
a form of law fair without the law
part and Bill Mah is saying as directly
as possible that that bringing that New
York case the Stormy Daniels one that
the public is just going to see it as a
sex case and they're going to say it was
law Affair and uh he said that Biden
gave up his entire advantage of
fundraising because it raised so much
money everybody could see it was a you
know fraudulent
activity well also uh judges dismissed
the charges against six alternate Trump
2020 electors they would be called the
fake electors by the Democrats or the
alternate electors by people who are not
Democrats uh but as many people pointed
out it doesn't really help them as much
as you think that they they all won
their case because they probably got
bankrupted in the process do you know
how much it would cost to defend against
that they probably just had to go into
debt forever destroy their whole family
for a generation and that's because they
were simply politically active and doing
what they thought was both legal and
appropriate and the court has found that
at least it wasn't
illegal and they lost pretty much
everything except their freedom which is
important
but that's the world we live in totally
broken well if you're not following this
the story about the uh excia director
and well Brenan and Clapper both from
the Intel world uh had been set up in a
Department of Homeland Security office
that's being described as a place to go
after Trump's
supporters apparently they had some uh
Concepts about how to identify the bad
people the Trump supporters uh the the
ones they thought were going to be
domestic terrorists and that some of the
ways you could detect these domestic
terrorists were if they had been in the
military and if they had a religious uh
inclination religion and military
service as indicators
of
Traders people that they have to keep an
eye on now obviously this was set up as
a uh completely illegitimate effort to
weaponize the government against
Republicans as Mike Ben um characterized
it he says on X he said today you can
have the literal CIA director busted
busted meaning caught not not in the law
uh bus is setting up a literal
government intelligence office to
literally go after supporters of the
former president and captured regime
media keeps her omerta of total silence
so as as Mike Ben points out the
traditional news is just not even
reporting about it this is like one of
the biggest scandals in all of American
history that a group of Spooks was set
up to hunt yes hunt
Republicans now uh the words that Mike
Ben used was go after go after the
supporters of the former president is go
after kind of the same thing as
hunt to me it is in this context so yes
my 2020 prediction that if Biden won in
2020 Republicans would be
hunted was so accurate that there was
actually a department set up in the
Department of Homeland Security to hunt
Republicans now they would say no no
we're looking for the bad ones but
they're not looking for bad people who
are Democrats and nobody trusts these
particular people because if I've taught
you anything it's know the players Mike
Ben teaches you that much better but
know the players Bren and Clapper are a
huge glaring signal of fraudulence and
bad behavior it's pretty much all they
do
they don't have anything else so they
were behind the uh the Russia collusion
op and they're still free they were
behind the laptop uh hoax still free
right they were behind the Insurrection
hoax still free and then they created an
entire department to hunt
Republicans still
free they're still just walking around
like regular people what's up with that
how in the
world is that how are they not in
jail how is it even possible well
they're clever and they're powerful and
they don't do things that are overtly
illegal and lying apparently is pretty
legal especially if you've got you know
a license to lie as they
do all
right so the the only reason I think
that they can get away with it in this
case not you know I'm sure it was all
legal so they got that working for them
um is that the public doesn't understand
it I would say no more
than half of 1% of the public knows
about this story and understands it in
context and knows Brennan and Clapper to
be who they really
are almost nobody so if if people did
understand that maybe it would be in the
media the the regular media but it's
going to just sort of
disappear because we have trouble
understanding complicated
things um Glennon Greenwald is a
national treasur because he helps more
than anybody besides Mike Ben of telling
you who the players are if the only
thing you know is what happened you
don't know anything you have to know the
players so you would have to know that
uh one of the biggest names on
MSNBC you know the person who's most
supportive of the Democrat narrative is
Nicole Wallace but as Glenn Greenwald
points out she was also famous for being
the biggest liar for the Bush
Administration so she was the most
famous liar for the the darkest of the
Republicans the bush Cheney
people now she's the biggest liar for
the Biden
Administration so you say to yourself
hey
did she change
sides here's the problem probably
not that's the scary part the scary part
is that she probably didn't change
sides she probably always agreed with
the military industrial complex the
brennin and the
clappers so she seems the most obvious
candidate for someone who's not even
trying to tell you the truth someone
who's job it is to not tell you the
truth it looks like she thinks it's her
job to never tell you the truth and
protect the military industrial complex
and she's not that concerned about which
party they're
in so Greenwald uh calls around for
being the most famous liar from the bush
Cheney days and now she's claiming this
is amazing uh the word is gone out so
that all the big networks uh are talking
about how the video about Biden looking
decrepit and dementia riddled are at
least partially cheap fakes meaning that
they're yes it is a video of him but
that because the way it's shot or the
angle or the thing that's left out or
the extra video it's not nearly as bad
as it is and they're making up the fact
that he's in bad
shape now you also the video of where
Obama helped seemingly helped uh Joe
Biden off stage by you know holding his
hand and sort of walking him off now
Nicole Wallace and you have to see this
to believe it by the way when when I
describe this you're going to say really
I'm gonna have to see that to believe
you Scott because I'm going to tell you
something that even I know you're not
going to believe unless you see it so
she says she's telling the story about
how that that video is a cheap fake a
misleading thing and she says that what
really happened was that when it was
over Biden just turned and walked off
and that whole thing about Obama taking
his hand that never even
happened except that you watched it on
video so how could she tell the story
about a video and then say that the
thing that everybody sees in the video
didn't happen do you know how she did it
she talked about it and showed the video
before it happened so you can see them
standing on stage so you'd say to
yourself oh they're showing the video
and then when he goes to to walk off
stage they don't use the video that
clearly shows Obama taking his hand they
take a shot from the back of the
audience where there where you can't see
anything and their head's in the way so
and then she says while you can't see
them that they just walked off stage and
that it's
fake she actually showed you video that
didn't show what was happening and tried
to make you think she was describing
what was happening when you couldn't see
it and it was opposite of what we have
already
seen now imagine if you only watched
MSNBC you would actually think that was
fake
news because there was nothing about it
that screamed it was fake if you were
just casually watching the news but if
you'd seen
it yeah if yeah you could call it a
rupar I suppose um but if you'd seen it
and you knew the real story it is such a
head Shaker it's like I cannot believe
we live in this world where MSNBC could
put her on knowing that she's telling a
lie about this story and showing the
fake video and that she just goes to
work the next day there's not a single
person in the network to fire her uh or
or tell her to run a correction the
entire network is in on it so you don't
have to wonder if the rest of the
networks's in on it you know have you
noticed that even on uh Fox News you'll
occasionally get somebody
disagreeing right but you don't really
see that on
MSNBC yeah you'll never see it by the
way here's something I learned
recently on CNN uh one of their legal
analysts was
curiously um supportive of Trump's point
of view that he was being lawed in the
New York
case and it was really stood out because
Eli and I and I remember I was saying to
you um wow this is really a standout
honest thing because it's not the
direction the CNN likes to report but
he's saying it very clearly that this
case is garbage and you know Trump is
being lawf
fired later I found out that Eli kig
used to work for uh brag did you know
that or he worked with them
so so he knew him personally and worked
with him do you think that made a
difference I
do you know remember I keep telling you
that you have to know the players if you
don't know the players and who they've
worked with and their associations and
stuff you don't understand anything and
here's somebody who worked with brag he
worked with them and he was the only one
at the network to say this is
 it kind of suggests that he
knows more about brag than we do because
he worked with him and it could be that
he doesn't have a good feeling about
brag in general and he's using this
situation
to let's say uh stick the uh stick the
shiven I'd love to know how good his
relationship with with brag was because
maybe it's not so much a story about a a
brave analyst who's bucking what his
Network wants him to do maybe maybe it's
a disgruntled guy who worked with
somebody who had it coming and he just
decided to deliver it when he got a
chance it's one of those or maybe
both but either way I believe he was
reporting it straight and honestly and I
appreciate
it all right so the fact that the uh
Democrats have moved to full gaslighting
I think is something that Trump should
mention uh during the uh
debate uh I think he said has to go
straight at it and say the news that
support you is telling you that you look
fine on all these videos we've all seen
the
videos are you saying that you're fine
Joe just just make him answer the
question it' just be
fun all right uh there's a The Daily
Caller is reporting there's a new study
new poll uh about the swing States an
Eis poll that says uh more Latino voters
trust Trump on immigration than
Biden that's right more Latino
voters trust Trump because he's tougher
on
immigration so it's kind of close but
there is a lead 41% of Hispanic voters
trust Trump to handle immigration while
only 38% trust
Biden now here's the funny
part if you're surprised by that you
haven't spent much time around anybody
from the Hispanic
Community because I've said this a
million times but it's like the the
world is waking up the Hispanic
community no matter how they register to
vote is the most Republican group of
people you'll ever meet in your life no
matter if they're Democrats or not their
family their religion their Law and
Order
that they they like an orderly Society
where there's families and opportunities
and and all that stuff and even if they
got here you know in in less than legal
ways or their their parents did when
they get here they're still good people
who like Law and Order and stuff like
that so it doesn't surprise me because
I've been immersed in that Community
since I've lived in California so to me
it's like right on point it's like okay
that's exactly what I expected I would
have been surprised if it gone the other
way actually so um it makes me wonder
how tuned in the Democrats are to their
own
people yeah I I think you know Bill uh
Bill Mah said that the New York lawfare
case the stormy case was uh the biggest
mistake that Biden made but I think
someday we're going to say that the
biggest mistake was thinking he was
bringing Democrat voters into the
country
I don't think he's bringing Democrat
voters into the country I don't think
that's happening at all if only because
most of them are
male right so here's what they got wrong
if most of the people they brought in
were female I actually do think they
would leanen
Democrat but men are just Pro Trump no
matter what country they come from for
all the obvious reasons same reason
American men are because they can
recognize that women are destroying the
world because they have too much power
at the moment yeah I'll say it directly
women are destroying the world because
they have too much power and you know
I'll I'll reframe this in case
somebody's new to my live
stream I think that we evolve
differently and that I trust women to
make decisions about abortion laws and
also individual abortions and they
should just tell the men when they've
made their decisions what's the law
okay I'm not trying to convince you this
is just my opinion
and I think that men are biologically
designed for defense so if you're trying
to defend your country and you're trying
to make laws and build militaries and
all that you should trust men we're
designed for it men would not open the
Border unless you're mayorcas and
there's something going on with that guy
well whatever is going on with mayorcas
it's illegal I'm sure that I just don't
know what it is so he's either
blackmailed or he's working for another
country or something we don't know what
it is but we can be really sure he's not
working for
America does that feel Fair we can
observe
it so you don't have to wonder what's in
his mind you can just look what he what
he does and what he does could not
possibly be for the benefit of
America there's no argument for that so
we don't know his deal but it's not for
America all right um Mario Nal has a
good threat about uh the possible risk
of war with Israel and
Hezbollah and so Hezbollah has been
shooting all kinds of rockets into
Israel Hezbollah being another entity
that Iran supports in addition to Hamas
it looks like Israel is maybe getting
close to or closer to completing their
Gaza main military
operations which would free up some of
their military hypothetically
for a bigger battle if they should
decide to get into
one so here are the things we know um
over the last three days it's been Mario
naul talks about this it's been a
Non-Stop rocket barrage from Lebanon
into Northern
Israel um we know that the mood in
Israel is not let's make peace the mood
in Israel is we're going to have to take
care of all of this um now they may not
be in favor of war with Hezbollah I'm
not saying there's a majority in favor
of war with Hezbollah but I'm saying
that their attitude is not exactly
anti-war at the moment their attitude is
more of a survival if you come for us
we're going to kill
you
understandable so I would say that
Israel definitely has a a war
mentality so if you're if you're trying
to guess we're doing some predicting
here so I'm going to predict what's
going to happen so you've got a country
that is pro- war even though they're
exhausted by it and wish they were not
in it they're not against it clearly
they're not against it if it's
self-defense so the public I think would
support a war with
Hezbollah um I think some people say
that Netanyahu probably needs a war with
with Lebanon just to stay in power
because War presidents tend to be more
secure than non-war presid
and there's some thought that the moment
the war was over Netanyahu would be out
of office and maybe maybe lawed into
jail so you've got a leader who probably
wants
War um at the same time he doesn't want
war so let me be clear nobody wants
war is not a desire to have War it's a
desire not to be a victim that's the
better way to say it so Netanyahu is not
in the mood to be a
victim but moreover Israel is not in the
mood to be a
victim you know October 7th kind of you
know established a clear mindset about
that at the
moment so the public would probably go
for it um hezel itself seems to want it
because the amount of Firepower they're
putting on Israel it's like they're
begging for it so if you've got both
sides want
it they have the ability to do it and
now the timing is right
because Israel's probably going to go
hard at him at the very least they're
going to punch him back even if it's not
a full-scale war so you got the timing
right you got both sides want it they
have the ability the resources the
assets the money for a war and you've
got both leaders not able to back
down so you could say they don't want
war but even more than that they don't
want to be a
victim so I would say when was the last
time anything looked this much like
there's going to be a war and then it
didn't
happen can you think of a time because
remember I was so wrong wrong more wrong
than anything when I said I think
Putin's just bluffing when he put his
army on the his entire invading Army on
the border of Ukraine I think I think
that's a bluff boy was I wrong but then
think more generally when have you ever
seen forces aass at this level and this
amount of firing from one country into
an adjacent country that had more
military
might when did that not turn into a
full-scale
war I don't even know if that's a in the
option set so I would say the guarantee
of a widespread war and by the way the
United States apparently reportedly has
told them that there was support a war
against Hezbollah surprise surprise our
military industrial comp Lex is in favor
of a war huh didn't see that coming so
and I'm not giving you an opinion about
whether Israel should or should not
attack or that the United States should
or should not help
them I'm simply predicting that with the
variables the way they're lined up now
war is
guaranteed that's my opinion I would say
there's 100% chance of War what would
you say and and I think that Israel is
going to say we're never going to have a
better chance to just genocide all of
Hezbollah and I'm going to use genocide
because if they don't pretty much wipe
them out there's no point in even doing
it they they have they have to do a war
of complete
destruction um at least of the assets
and most of the military that matters uh
or else all they're doing is make you
mad and they'll just shoot more Rockets
So Hezbollah is not a situation where
you can go in and rough them up a little
bit then make some peace if you're going
to go in it has to be to the end it has
to be a fight to the death and I think a
fight to the death probably favors
Israel but it's going to be a bloody one
and there I think their cities would be
hit
like maybe we can't even
imagine so I would say that's guaranteed
and I wouldn't be surprised if that
kicks up right around the time of our
election if you were Israel and you
didn't want to get too badly criticized
for doing what a lot of people would say
you shouldn't do but I'm saying whether
you should or shouldn't do it I'm saying
it's going to
happen it's not even an opinion like I'm
not telling you it should or shouldn't
it's just going to happen nothing could
stop it at this point so we'll I think
America will be all busy with our
elections or maybe the aftermath of the
elections and Israel is just going to
mow the loan up there and I think it's
going to be massive massive destruction
now they have
like how many how many weapons do they
have I saw a number of how many weapons
they have it's just an unbelievable
number of
missiles
and um in my opinion the uh Ran's Play
and esb's play is to just keep building
up the enemy forces until they can do
one attack that destroys Israel in one
go and they're getting close to being
able to do that so if Israel doesn't
destroy them completely I would I would
say that's a strategic
error so I'd say it's guaranteed and
again I'm not I'm not for it or against
it I don't have any power over it I'm
just watching there will be war with ESB
guarantee
it CBS news cryptically says that the
upcoming presidential debate that Biden
will have
surprises and that might include his
physical performance what the hell does
that mean
what the hell does that
mean by the way there's something wrong
with my lighting I can't I can't get
this part of the screen I thought maybe
the camera was Fuzzy or something but no
matter how I change the lighting it
doesn't change that big smudge in the
corner I'll work on that anyway so I
don't know what it means that Biden
would have a physical performance
surprise the way it was spoken it was
like it would be on the upside as in he
would be maybe physically better than
you thought or or what is it going to
show up with a cane and a walker are
they going to push him out in a
wheelchair I mean how's that going to
work oh God I hope they
don't oh
no what would happen if he if they
pushed him out in the
wheelchair and they said his brain is
still great but I have to admit his
walking is a little dangerous now he
might fall over
so he could still walk but for a lot of
purposes we're going to wheel him around
because you know his walking is not so
good I feel like he would get a sympathy
vote that he wouldn't otherwise
get and I think it would take uh Trump's
ability to mock him completely
away because if they said his brain is
good but we admit you know his body's
got some issues it's very that would be
very disarming
I don't think they'll do
that but it makes you wonder how it
would go might actually might actually
be a winning play I don't know could be
because you know we're just sort of
naturally trained that if you see
somebody who's supposed to be the leader
but they're acting weak you can go after
them but you take that same leader and
you put them legitimately in in a
wheelchair and we agree he should be in
it that really takes the fire out of
your your criticism right because at
that point you're saying all right are
you saying that just because your legs
don't work you can't be a president no
nobody wants to say that that would
really be devastating
actually but it could go the other way
too people might say I don't want my
president to look weak and they might
say if he can't stand up he looks weak
could go either way I don't know how
that would go that'd be an interesting
poll wouldn't it would you be more
likely to vote for uh by if he accepted
the
wheelchair which he probably
should anyway maybe there will be
surprises we don't
know
um and uh let's see sourcers are saying
that Biden's going to boast about his
Reproductive Rights agenda his positions
on issues of democracy and that he has
an upper hand on the economy
um so here's what I would expect Trump
to respond with when Biden says uh he
boasts about Reproductive Rights Trump
can say that the Democrats are trying to
draft
women which is
real that that's a real thing that's
happening now now that's not Biden per
se and he might say he's against it but
it's his
team and if and if Democrats are in
charge maybe women will get drafted or
at least they'll have to register so the
the current proposal is that they would
have to register not that they would be
drafted so I think that's a winning play
if if Trump says Reproductive Rights I
just took myself out of that see the the
frame that Trump has not embraced it's
the winning frame they say Joe Biden
there's one thing that every woman in
the United States can agree with me on
that I should not be the one deciding
what they do with their body can we
agree on that Joe Biden will you agree
with me that I Donald Trump should not
be involved in decisions about women's
bodies because that's what I gave you I
took it out of my hands took it to the
states and the states are closer to the
the
person so the closer it is to the the
people in the state the more credible
the outcome will be of the laws but can
we both agree that taking myself and
that decision making process is better
for
everybody there's no way you lose on
that
message because it's completely it's
it's basically a kill shot on the other
hand you're looking to draft our
daughters you're looking to draft our
daughters your
team and do you disavow the Democrats or
do you think that's a good idea to
register our women for the the military
while you're while you're
running two hot
Wars which he
is um I'd also say that uh Reproductive
Rights aren't worth anything if you live
in a lawless land where it's too
dangerous to have a
family
and that Joe Biden uh you you could at
the trans thing You' say if you cared
about women you wouldn't let 600b men
play women's
sports or some version of that that
doesn't sound
too
bigoted when uh when when Joe does his
fake fake hoaxes about the Democracy
Trump's trying to steal your democracy I
would first of all mock it and say
something like have you all noticed that
most of Joe's complaints are about
things that are
imaginary he imagines that I did this he
imagines that I'm going to be a dictator
how exactly would I become a dictator in
a country full of people who have been
trained to kill
dictators if he had an audience it would
be more uh yeah here here's the
thing here's the thing that he'll never
say but it would be a
killshot you worry that I'll become a
dictator it's like you don't even know
what a republican is a republican is
someone who's uh got you know filty to
the
institution that's our basic nature even
if you imagined I went rogue and tried
to become a dictator the other
Republicans would kill me immediately
and
should imagine him saying that if I ever
tried to become a dictator you could
rely on Republicans killing me and they
should because that's what a republican
is that's why we have the
guns yeah now you would never forget
that would you now again this is all
fantasy politics he's not going to say
it because I suggest it uh but there are
so many Avenues of complete
Annihilation that that Trump has he just
has to pick one he has
probably I don't think I'm exaggerating
he probably has 12 kill shots that would
take Biden completely out of the race
probably at least 12 Avenues he can just
pick the one he likes doesn't have to be
that one
anyway he could mention that uh Biden's
Administration created a department to
hunt Republicans and put Brennan and
Clapper in charge of it imagine just
saying
that is it true you created a department
literally to Target Trump voters and you
put your same guys who ran the Russia
collusion hoax and the lapt hoax in
charge of it and they're the ones that
you put in charge of hunting Republicans
you know your news isn't covering that
but when it was discovered you to
disband it the reason you disbanded it
was because it was exactly what it
looked like it was hunting
Republicans there was no other reason it
was disbanded it was simply
discovered you've completely given up
you know between your censorship of
social media your complete domination of
the lying
media your law fairing of presidents and
January 6 people your complete hoax
mentality that everything you talk about
is a
hoax you know you're the one taking the
democracy and then on the economy
they'll just both lie about stuff so um
apparently the only way you can talk
about the economy if you're running for
president is you literally just make up
 they're they both do
it but here's here's where the President
should call them out uh Biden will
definitely say he created more jobs and
that Trump lost jobs here's what you say
Joe Biden I don't think you should talk
about the economy if you can't figure
out how to handle the fact that we were
in a pandemic if you're comparing a
pandemic to our normal economy you're
just lying to the public or you don't
understand anything about how economics
Works whoever had been president after
the pandemic was going to have major job
growth unless the whole country
disappeared and it didn't so when you
stand up here and lie and say you
created jobs I think the country is
smart enough to know that jobs were of
course going to be created after you no
longer shut down the whole
country you
fascist probably without the F
wordss but I mean look look at the
number of
attacks the the number of kill shots is
just crazy I mean this is going to be
the greatest show on Earth I can't wait
for the debate and I will I will be live
streaming it by the way all right um
there's a new data on vaccinations
danger uh William mackus MD was talking
about this I guess they did a study and
the other people on the study were uh Dr
McCulla Dr
try emmerling gesling and uh
re and Alexander And hudin so there's a
bunch of doctors what they did is they
looked through a bunch of
autopsy reports from the past and they
looked at people who uh died not too
long after having a vaccination and uh
then they put together a little study
and they said that we found that 74% of
deaths were directly due to or
significantly contributed to by covid
vaccinations so they looked at 325
autopsy
case
now do you trust that
study let let's do our uh fake news
Discovery stuff well the first thing you
should do is know the players is there
any name on the list who has ever done
anything that was clearly fake
news the answer is
yes but if I tell you what it is you're
going to argue with me and I don't want
to get in that argument so the first
thing you need to know is there's at
least one person on that list who's
quite famous for a particular piece of
fake news but I'm not going to get into
it I'm just going to say that's how
that's what you would look for right
okay I'll say it anybody who was in
favor who thought that the athletes were
dropping dead and that nobody was
talking about it on the actual
teams that's somebody you should raise
an eyebrow when they have another
study one of them is selling uh one of
them is selling a product
that alleges to cure you of your
potential vax
damage to it'll remove the spike protein
so one of them makes money if you think
that the vaccinations were dangerous and
you've got some poison in your body that
he can help you get rid of should you
trust
science where one of the members has a
very public it nothing's hidden is very
public uh Financial incentive no no you
should not how about how much should you
trust just a study just any study how
much should you trust that well
historically half of all scientific
studies are not
reproducible meaning that it's a coin
flip now the question
was does the vax injure you or does it
not right it's binary does it injure you
or does it not now there's a little bit
of a Nuance because everybody knew that
that every new medicine injures somebody
so it's not a question of whether there
was at least one person who got hurt we
all agree that at least one person got
hurt that's just how medicine works but
is it like a deadly problem or is it
more like you know ordinary vaccination
risk which might not be so ordinary
after all um so just just hold this in
your mind a scientific study is a coin
flip you you as the cons consumer of
that news don't know if it's right or
wrong it's a coin flip
50/50 so if it's
50/50 and one of the members is making
money
from the uh belief that uh you can be
cured of this
condition and it's a um what kind what
kind of studies are the goldplated ones
you've heard this right there's a kind
of science that's a gold
standard and it's a randomized
controlled
trial so the
randomized is important so that you
don't accidentally study the wrong body
of data you know you make sure it's
appropriate uh you want it to be big
because the bigger the number of people
the more likely you're going to get a
good
result and you want it so you want it
big um and you want to have a
control you know you want to have a
control group so you know that um what's
happening so a good study would
predict what's going to happen and it
would have a control group and then you
would do the thing and then you would
compare the control group to the other
one and you'd have lots of people
involved and it would be peer reviewed
and all that that would be a good
study this one was not that so it was no
there was no uh control group it was a
study of studies that had been just
digging up data so it's more
like a study than a scientific
trial a a goldplated scientific trial is
probably also a 50/50 in today's world
because the people who can afford to do
a huge study are the ones who have
Financial
interests so I would say that even the
goldplated best study at least in this
domain is probably closer to a tossup we
used to think that was closer to you
know 80 or 90% chance is true but in
today's world we know everybody's just
working for money um maybe
5050 now since it's not a it's not one
of those goldplated standards it's just
a study of studies you don't have the
the good
randomization you don't have a control
group and you don't have a
prediction that you know if you do the
thing a thing will happen so it doesn't
have most of the conditions for the best
most reliable data and in fact there
several conditions that are heavy
signals for not being
true um and they looked at 325 autopsy
cases do you know that the 325 were
randomly selected and is there anything
about some groups of people that might
make a
difference and do you think that the
people who
die um or the people most most likely to
get the vaccination were the people
closest to death in the first place
because in theory the people who were
most enthusiastically vaccinated were
the ones who had the most to worry about
most likely to die on their own anyway
did they sort that out I don't
know so here's what I'd say uh I'm not
saying that it's not
true it does seem to me that the
vaccination um has plenty to worry about
so I'm not doubting the outcome I'm just
saying that if you believed it because
scientists did a study you missed the
whole
show right you have to look at who the
scientists are is there money involved
how big is it is there a control is it a
big enough group is it randomized it
wasn't any of
those
so uh that is not a that is not an
opinion of what is true or false about
vaccinations I didn't even talk about
that I'm only talking about what you
should believe when you see the
news
anyway that ladies and gentlemen is all
I had for today's amazing show and I'm
going to say goodbye now to the uh folks
on the other platforms but before I go
let me give you a uh preview on Tuesday
of this week at uh if all goes well
could change but if all goes well at
Tuesday of the coming week
at 11:00 a.m. Pacific which would be uh
2: p.m. eastern time um I've arranged to
talk to Michael Ian Black who is uh an
online presence in the political
conversation um he has very Democrat
Centric kind of views and I caught his
attention by posting that all the news
is fake and he questions how I know
anything's true and why do I keep
reposting the news if I think it's all
fake and those I say are good questions
and so rather than uh discuss what would
be oh by the way if you if you don't
know him he's uh well-known uh comedian
writer actor kind of person
so uh I'll I'll ask him how he wants to
be introduced but he's got a variety of
skills
and uh rather than talk about what's
true which would immediately get us off
the rails because we'll never agree
what's true um I agreed and he agreed
that what I talk about is how I can tell
when the news isn't real and I think
that would be
fascinating like a great public
conversation because we'll go through
things like the Scott Alexander
rule that if you see a story that um
well you'll never see a story that says
dog bit man because that's too boring
for the news but if you ever see a story
that a man bit a dog it probably didn't
happen that's the Scott Alexander rule
because it's too Fantastical and
Fantastical
stories almost are never true and if you
know the players you also know it's true
and if you know somebody's getting
paid you also know something so those
are just that's just a sample but
they're probably I don't know 20
different things that I've taught you
about how to spot fake
news and and I thought it would be
really useful to run over that list with
him and just see if he kind of tracks
with the
tools not necessarily the
conclusions because I think that's I
think that's where you find the common
ground because I'm not going to tell him
that um everything the news on the right
is true and the news on the left is
wrong yeah the Scott Alexander rule is
if it looks to too amazing to believe or
too incredible to believe it probably
wasn't true right and it's very
consistent you'll see that all the
time
okay all right um so we'll look for that
and everybody on you Youtube and Rumble
and X I'll see you tomorrow same time
same place and uh locals here I got
come
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e for