bump bump boom boom boom hey everybody
you're probably watching the election
just like I am I thought I'd check in
with you see how everybody's feeling hey
Frank or Dave wig wag
witzy why is everybody with strange
teams coming in here Justin hey rich so
I don't know if you're having this
experience but I'm watching CNN and on
CNN anyway pretty much all of the races
they're showing are Democrats in the
lead now of course it's far too early to
know anything but I switched from Fox
News and I swear I thought on Fox News
they kept showing Republicans in the
lead and then then you go to CNN and
they're only showing Democrats in the
lead so I think it would be yeah I think
it would be fair to say that they're
both showing their version of reality
does anybody have a revised guess of
what's happening so I'm going to stick
with my entertaining prediction that we
will not have a result tonight meaning
that the result will be so close and
there will be a few races that are in
dispute that we won't actually know at
the end of the night who won so that's
my fun prediction because everybody else
is predicting one side of the other is
going to win so I thought I'd make the
most unusual prediction but we may not
be drinking the tears of our enemies
we may be drinking our own tears today
or some of you will but I like to give
you my good news version here's what I
think is likely to happen if we imagine
that the Democrats win the house they're
gonna be like the dog that chased the
car and the dog has to figure out what
happens when you catch the car what are
you going to do so if the the Democrats
win the house but let's say not the
Senate which seems that seems where the
experts are are having I think that the
president will be in better shape not
worse I think you'll be able to get
through the Congress the stuff that you
need Congress for and he will be able to
Bank the stuff that he didn't need
Congress for so in other words he'll
still be fine on his Supreme Court he'll
still be fired on North Korea he'll
still be fine on negotiating trade deals
so he's gonna be fine on Iran
middle-east all of the big stuff that he
doesn't need Congress for that much he's
going to be fine on the things that he
has been weak on up to this point were
almost entirely because he had a
Republican majority and it made the
other side look like a bunch of losers
if they rolled over on any of the
domestic stuff the best like stuff being
anything from health care to
infrastructure to prison reform that
sort of thing the maybe even something
about weed who knows I'm not sure you
need Congress for that but my my guess
is that a democratic victory tonight if
it happens if it happens would be the
best thing that ever happened to this
president
because once they have a little bit of
power they can't really just be the own
just be the the obstacle party that's
something you can do when you don't have
power but once you have a little power
you've got a little responsibility so I
think that they may do a little less
investigating than you're worried about
a little more legislating everybody's
going to be a little bit unhappy with
the results the democrats and the
republicans will not be entirely happy
about infrastructure not entirely happy
about whatever happens with healthcare
etc but we might move forward so i think
that there's a reason for optimism and
yeah so trump will probably get some
more Supreme Court picks no matter what
I don't think that trump could have
succeeded on health care or
infrastructure or maybe even prison
reform a few other things unless he was
working with Democrats and they're going
to put themselves in a position where
they kind of have to work with him and
he kind of has to work with them which
is your best possible situation so I
would not be too sad and as I said
before if Democrats win if they take the
house the appropriate response is good
work well fought you put in the you put
in the time we put in the effort
apparently the strategy was good good
work that's that's the system we're in
Tim Kaine just won I think that was
expected right didn't that work for
Reagan well it worked for Bill Clinton
Bill Clinton managed to triangulate and
we may be on the dawn of something
really really good here but we'll see
all right so I wouldn't panic about any
of this what I'm seeing is a system
that's a few hundred years old our our
Constitution our Republic and it's
working really well think about it
the our system was designed you know
hundreds of years ago before anybody had
an idea that there would ever be a
computer or a cell phone or anything
like that and the system is still
working it's working really well in fact
we have the highest citizen engagement
of all time
we do have a president Trump who's
promised to take down the rhetoric a
little bit we'll say maybe well maybe
you won't but he's made that he's made
that statement anyway yeah immigration
is going to be a tough a tough sell but
I feel as though nothing can happen good
with immigration unless both sides are
in on it
so I think that's what's going to happen
I don't know if I'm taking the high road
so much as the realistic road
realistically if you don't have both
sides in the decisions for the domestic
stuff you just don't get decisions so we
might be in a stronger position after
tonight we'll see a little too hard to
know for sure so you call you from the
Devens or what no I'm not calling it yet
my prediction had been for a tie at the
end of the night and then no prediction
about which way the tie falls when it's
all over so I'm not going to bet my
reputation on a tie but it's a fun
prediction and we'll see how it goes so
I've got CNN on right now
trailing by almost 13,500 both and it's
looking all blue I'm seeing a lot of
blue I'm to see an nmap but we'll see if
there's a surprise tour the end the the
predictions that I did have are as
following
so I predicted back in January that the
Republicans would do a lot better than
people thought yeah so that seems to be
true and secondly that the Republican
turnout would be jaw-dropping I think
that will be true as well so that was as
far as I could go on predictions what
Scott's gonna do once they realize he's
a hack
well you sound like someone who is not
read win big Lee if you were to educate
yourself a little bit you might
understand what's going on take a chance
too close to call all right I'm gonna
I'll be checking in with all of you a
few times tonight and it's the CNN map
Scott will say it's going to be exciting
tonight and I'll check in with you later
bye for now