boom look a little bright in here hold
on a second just the right amount of
darkness and makeup too much it's
without putting any on can you tell me
why periscope and zoom and Skype don't
have snapchat filters so that I could
look like I have TV makeup on all the
time is there a reason you can't build a
snapchat filter into these zoom and
conference calls why not why not I say
well you've all been warned you saw my
tweet some of you warning that there
might be extra cussing you saw the title
of my periscope which says extra cussing
I am now warning you directly that there
will be extra cuffing cussing cussing
not cuffing cussing I recommend that you
put the kids to sleep close your windows
and get under a heavy blanket because
the cursing could come out at any time
at any time there will be no warning I
asked this question today and it bugs me
that I didn't know the answer does
anyone know since we know that a lot of
front-line health care workers are
taking hydroxychloroquine do we know if
any of them have been hospitalized and
the answer is nope nope wouldn't you
like to know of all the many medical
professionals who are around the
coronavirus all the time
have any of them been hospitalized if
they were also taking hydroxychloroquine
don't you think that's pretty pretty
important
we don't know I did talk to a doctor
just moments ago on Twitter who said
that who said that he has heard of
people who were on hydroxychloroquine
and did contract the virus so
anecdotally anecdotally it looks like
you can get the virus so it's not a
preventive I don't think we necessarily
thought it was likely to prevent it
some people were hopeful but that didn't
seem likely to me the more likely is
that it would help you deal with it once
you've got it and that we don't know
amazingly however I was conversing with
dr. Jeremy II Samuel Faust and he was
filling me in on some stuff and after
listening to his description because
he's he's following things pretty
closely he does not have much confidence
that hydroxychloroquine is going to be a
game changer now he asked me to define
game changer because I said are you
saying it won't be a game changer so he
said well define game changer and I said
well something that would allow us to go
fully back to work and still not have
our hospitals crashed so I said let's
just make it that the hospitals
stay intact and we still go back to work
that would be a game changer if the meds
allowed us to do that
and his opinion were not anywhere near
that in fact if hydroxychloroquine works
at all it's sort of going to be in the
statistics and he made a good point
which I will make to you if the people
because you know there are lots of
hydroxychloroquine tests going on right
so there all kinds of tests all over the
place and as the doctor pointed out to
me
if any of those tests had shown it
obviously works meaning that you don't
need to do the statistics it's just
obvious everybody who takes it gets
better or something like that we would
already know now that's why I had
lowered my my estimate of the likely
hood that hydroxychloroquine is going to
be a big deal I lowered it to 40% chance
that's my current current ass no 40%
chance it makes makes a significant
difference and the doctor was saying you
know if you could notice the difference
like the doctors could just tell without
any statistics we would already know
because first of all they tell us and
secondly for humanitarian humane reasons
they would have stopped the test because
if you get such good results with a drug
that has been used for so long you have
a pretty good idea what the the safety
profile is if it worked that well they
would have stopped the trials already
and they would say oh it's just obvious
we're not going to finish this we'd
better just start giving it to everybody
that's not happening so I'll stick with
my 40 percent chance that
hydroxychloroquine is a big deal so the
New York Times
16:19 project got a Pulitzer Prize so
the 16:19 project was basically
rewriting the history of the United
States sort of to make us look like bad
slavers I guess was the main thing and I
guess historians ripped them apart for
having bad history in there so they
weren't very accurate about history and
it was a total political nonsense
and they got a Pulitzer Prize they got a
Pulitzer Prize now are you impressed
because they got a Pulitzer Prize let me
tell you what the Pulitzer Prizes do you
want do you want to you want to get read
pilled on the Pulitzer Prize
in approximately three minutes you're
gonna think the bullet surprise is so
stupid you wouldn't even want to win one
even if you didn't have to do anything
to get it the pulitzer prize is the
little group of people who volunteered
and had to be selected of course they
volunteered what were also selected to
be on a little committee where they
would read 0.0001 percent of the work
that was created that year just the
stuff that was submitted most people
don't even submit so they'd see this
tiny tiny little sliver of work that was
produced and then the I don't know six
or eight of them it's a small group they
would vote and they'd say we like this
one best and then they talk about it and
they decide that that one gets the
Pulitzer Prize now they're different
little groups for each flavor of
Pulitzer Prize for each category so each
category has little judges how
prestigious is it to win award that's
six to eight people sitting around in a
living room saying you know I like this
one the best of these few choices
it's meaningless it is absolutely
completely without value it's just some
people sitting in the living room saying
well there were a million things created
I read seven of them of the seven things
I read of the million things that were
created I like this one best of the
seven four out of seven of us agree
Pulitzer Prize is the most ridiculous
prize so he says is a Pulitzer for
cartooning there there have been
Pulitzers awarded to cartoonists I think
birth breath had got one I think Gary
Trudeau got one if I'm not mistaken so
at least two strip cartoonists and of
course there have been
other cartoonists who do political
cartoons who have gotten them so there
are Pulitzer for cartoonist and for a
long time I wanted one I stopped wanting
one when I met the husband of one of the
judges so the husband of one of the
judges was in my living room one day he
was also a reporter and he was writing a
story about me and we were chatting and
he talked about his wife who was on the
Pulitzer committee and he just described
it like I described it to you and that
was the last time I cared about winning
a Pulitzer Prize because I said
seriously it's just six people sitting
around who haven't seen even 1% of the
stuff that's been produced that year and
they decide that's it useless all right
so speaking of dr. Jeremy Samuel Foust
he he suggests along with his co-writer
in The Washington Post they wrote a
piece with Carlos Del Rio in which they
say that maybe the best metric to track
for going back to work is net deaths so
instead of looking at just coronavirus
deaths just look at the net compared to
the historical baseline and say are you
keeping it you know close to the
historical number because there are lots
of variables in net deaths to which I
thought to myself that's not bad that is
not bad I don't see anything wrong with
that approach to you I mean I would have
said hospitalizations but you could
attract deaths but then you have a
trouble of knowing if you're counting
them right so counting the total net
deaths and comparing it to the prior
year baselines not too bad not too bad
are you wondering where the swearing is
going to come in oh it's coming
it's coming and here it comes
so here's a new thing I learned from a
doctor so there's a doctor who worked in
an emergency room for 70 years this is a
different doctor so I'm not not talking
about doctor Faust a different article
in I guess it was in Scientific American
and this doctor had been an emergency
room doctor for four years and you know
attending physician for three so he had
seven years of doctoring and he treated
coronavirus patients and he saw them die
and he asked this question why have I
been a doctor for seven years especially
in an emergency room and I've never seen
anybody die of the regular flu have you
ever heard anybody say that before have
you ever heard anybody say huh I know
people have died of coronavirus why
don't I know anybody who's ever died to
the regular flu there were 80,000 of
them last year there's something wrong
right doesn't quite make sense now when
I said it I said well the obvious reason
is because I'm not a doctor right
probably doctors see it all the time
didn't you assume so the doctor says
he'd never seen one not one so he called
around to his other doctor friends and
he said have you ever seen anybody die
from the regular flu what do you think
they said well there was this one case
of a pediatric situation that we heard
about and then a few of them may had
seen one or two over their lifetime over
their entire career anyway they'd seen
one or two but the other doctors had
never seen one not one now how could it
be that there are about the same number
less item in a very rough terms of over
dosis every year but we all know people
who died from overdoses how many of you
know somebody who died from an overdose
doesn't have to be last year just in
general all of you every one of you
right you all know somebody who died of
an overdose and that's about the same
number as died of the flu allegedly but
why do we all hear about Odie's we all
know people who died in drunk driving
accidents most of us know people who
have been shot do you know anybody who
has been shot you know in some kind of a
crime or or murder anything I do I do
I've had guns pointed at me several
times myself so there's something that's
not adding up right so you may have
heard President Trump asked exactly the
same question at his Town Hall he said
why is it that I know three people who
got coronavirus and his friend died and
he said I've lived my entire life and
I've never heard of one person who died
at the regular flu but this coronavirus
hits and all of a sudden my friend dies
and two other people I know have it I
don't know if the others died and I
think they maybe just had it so he
noticed it too so this doctor who
noticed it who was finally somebody who
knows what they're talking about as
opposed to you know us he decides to
look into how did they calculate that
number for the regular flu do they count
it do they look at the records and see
what is you know what the death
certificate says and if it says died of
the flu chick that's one and then they
add them up do you think that's what
they do no no they don't do
that it turns out that they use a
 algorithm they do an estimate
they don't count them and their estimate
could be wildly off which they
acknowledge
do you know how many you would get if
you counted them the way they count
coronavirus where you actually got a
name and a and a medical record and it's
this guy do you know how many you'd get
maybe four thousand high end fifteen
thousand but even have fifteen thousand
a year I feel like I would have heard a
one somebody I know
I mean fifteen thousand still a lot that
is closer to four so do you know that
the entire premise of this whole
shutdown is that we didn't want to have
a situation there was much worse than
the regular flu which we believe to be
in their neighborhood of I know fifty to
eighty thousand a year or something
turns out that's just
the most basic thing our experts
wanted us to understand was a lie it was
as much of a lie as masks don't work it
was as much of a lie as this does not
pass from human to human
thank you you China
so almost everything that we've been
told about this thing has been wrong all
of the important has been wrong and
let me tell you as confidently as I can
don't wait for testing don't wait for
testing to save you there's not going to
be any testing not sufficient
because we know what the number is that
would be sufficient we're nowhere
 close we don't have a plan to
get there there's no plan there's not
even the path there's no ways
that testing is going to save us nobody
has a handle of it nobody knows what
we're doing nobody thinks we're going to
have enough it's not a solution
how about the vaccine maybe we'll have
one by the end of the year do you know
how many times we've successfully made a
vaccine for a coronavirus type of
situation well what would you guess how
many times in history if we successfully
made a
vaccine for something of this type
how about zero zero in the whole
 universe the history of mankind
we've never made a vaccine that
works on this sort of thing do you think
we're gonna make one now because we're
trying harder maybe maybe but if we do
we're gonna accidentally cure the whole
common cold because that's a
corona virus - now I'm not saying we
won't do it because there's a lot of
genius and energy being concentrated on
it maybe we do but would you count on it
I'm the liars who were telling
us see how the vaccines coming be they
medical be they politicians every
one of them they're not making us a
vaccine it's not even a thing
stop lying to us stop lying to
us you have lost all moral authority
you've lost it moral authority moral
authority comes not only from you know
the organization of things where you
have a leader and people say well the
leader we elected him that's he's got
moral authority but you must also
perform you must show that you are
capable to maintain your moral authority
just as you were elected that doesn't
give you moral authority if you can't
perform and they're all lying to
us every goddamn that
tells you they're an expert - politician
that are all lying to you about
all the important stuff it's all a
 lie
every bit of it so do you have a
right to defy your government when they
have lost their moral authority yeah you
do you do you can do anything
you want to do morally now
legally you can't there would be
consequences and I'm not going to
suggest that you go get yourself in
trouble but from a moral standpoint
they're lying to us and they're not
performing did you know that we don't
even know why
viruses ever peter out did you know that
we don't even know why what about this
REM does appear it's great stuff right I
just heard that study says REM does
appear that'll that'll cut down on that
virus baby you got some virus in you
they've tested that REM does severe will
reduce that virus in you and therefore
obviously it helps you survive right no
no REM des aveer does not have any
indication that it changes the
survival rate forget it if it doesn't
change the survival rate it's not a
 drug it's just some some company
that's trying to make money do you
really need to pay a thousand dollars to
get better three days earlier when you
were going to get read it better anyway
if it doesn't stop you from
dying it's not a drug
it's not a therapeutic it's of nothing
it's a it's a scam it's just I don't
know what is it a vaccine some
pharmaceutical company has figured out
how to gauge the the public again
they're lying about REM does
appear all right
probably there's lies all over the place
on hydroxychloroquine probably in both
directions
totally unreliable information
we have on that we don't know what
causes the virus to stop we'll never
have a vaccine stop lying to us
we don't have any therapeutics that are
working we have one option to
suck it up do the best we can and try to
save the economy now that's obvious
everybody knows that and I don't know
that you necessarily have to push your
government to do something quicker
because we're only talking now you know
what three and a half weeks to the end
of May for most of the states by then
we'll have a lot of information about
the other states so we might be able to
feel our way through this you know with
some starts and stops I'm not sure that
you necessarily have to protest your
government I'm not saying that but I am
saying that the government has
as sacrificed its moral authority it
just doesn't have it you still might
need to pay attention to them maybe
they'll correct maybe they'll get it
right eventually but they have no moral
authority so as I said on Twitter today
if a store opened in my town and the
guidelines say I can't use that store
but if they do I'm gonna go to that
store I'm gonna buy something at that
 store if I don't even need
anything from that store alright if
somebody wants to take a chance and I
don't recommend this by the way I think
it would be foolhardy to open a small
business because you could get your ass
kicked by you know leave the legal
system but if you do I'm on your side
alright I'll wear my mask you know I'll
do pickup I'll do whatever you need wash
my hands I'll do all that but if you
open up illegally I'm your
customer ok and I don't see any other
path to the other side of this so who's
lying as far as I can tell I don't know
if it's lying or just people don't know
it's hard to say alright on another
topic on another topic the fakest of
fake news and there's a lot of fake news
but I'm going to say the fakest of all
the fake news and I tweeted this earlier
is that every idiot pretending to not
understand why Trump acts respectful to
dictators when he knows he needs to
negotiate with them for something
important for this country can you
 stop pretending you
don't know why the president acts super
friendly to dictators that he has to
 negotiate with do I have to
explain why that makes sense
can you stop acting like you
don't understand it
what's the further doing why is he
sucking up to a dictator before he does
important trade talks I don't understand
what why does he be nice
the biggest country in the world with a
nuclear arsenal I don't understand I'm
too dumb stop it just stop being
so dumb that you act like you
don't know why Trump is being nice to
the dictators yes to negotiate with God
are you kidding me
in other news in other news I think I
need to calm down a little bit I think I
need to calm down yeah we don't know
exactly what's a lie and what's just not
knowing but Scott are you really
surprised no I'm Way beyond I think I've
way beyond being surprised all right I'm
just looking at your comments right now
because I'm sort of all I needed to say
fakers gonna fake okay so I didn't have
much else to say so unless you have some
questions I'll probably want to wind
this down below I'm just watching your
comments right now to see if anybody has
some anything that they'd like to ask
it's funny that part of you like angry
Scott Adams you may have noticed me
talking about myself in the third person
which I've explained before if you
haven't heard that if you've ever
wondered why famous people sometimes
refer to themselves in the third person
there's a reason for that and it's not
obvious at all until you become a famous
person and the reason is that you you
are an observer of your famous side just
like everybody else so when I talk about
myself and the third person
I'm taking an observer review because
that's actually how I see it too you
know the real me my inner thoughts and
stuff I'm the only one who knows that
that's sort of the real me
the public
is the the part that's you know designed
for external exposure and it doesn't
feel like me because it lacks you know
critical parts that I keep from the
public so I talked about that version of
me as a third third party like it's a
lexan artificial construct too that's
why people do that
please redo that as a shareable snippet
which part the swearing I don't know
which part you mean somebody asked me
and hey Ali
thanks for the super art somebody asked
me to give tips on calming down when
you're angry and they said they've seen
me do it on periscope and it seems to it
seems to be a like a breathing thing so
let me explain what I do do what I do do
in the old days the old me and I've I've
reformed but for most of my life if I
got really mad
I had one way to calm down which was
that I would break something that had
some monetary value just destroyed it
could be a printer that was you know I
needed to replace anyway I tried not to
break things that I really cared about I
don't think I ever have but there's
always that item in your in your
environment that the stapler that
misfires every third staple that sort of
thing you you don't replace it but ah
every third staple it misfires I hate
this stapler but then I'll get mad and
I'll see that stapler and I'll say
goodbye stapler your days you had a good
run you annoyed me for years but you
happen to be in the general vicinity
when I got mad so I might take that
stapler take it out to my garage where
I've got a nice concrete floor and
destroy it on the floor probably finish
it off with a sledgehammer and what I'm
done I feel great
hey almost instantly I feel great
but it turns out that other people
didn't understand my medical process
people would see me destroying items
people in relationships let's say and
they would be horrified and they would
think my god am I gonna get hurt is
something I care about gonna be broken
has he lost it is he insane and the
funny thing is that on the inside
it was completely controlled because I
would be aware that I was seething with
anger I would look at this stapler I
would judge that it was inexpensive
relatively speaking that I would like to
replace it anyway because it messes up
every third staple and I know from
experience that if I just go hog-wild
and destroy this thing I'm gonna
instantly feel better so that's what's
happening in my head it's all it's all
positive in a weird way there's nothing
negative in my head when it's happening
but if you're observing it it's pretty
scary I've been told reliably it's
pretty scary
so I don't I tried to stop that habit as
effective as it was and so I needed to
replace it with some other mechanism to
to take me off the ledge and I do find
their breathing works well it's the Mel
Gibson trick so Mel Gibson the actor and
I've said this before in periscope he
teaches that if you want to get into an
acting frame of mind that you breathe
the way a person would in that situation
and that that brings the rest of your
body along because the way you breathe
is such a I know such a basic central
connected to everything process in your
body that if you can just adjust that
one thing the rest of your body and
brain will follow so that works in
acting but it also works when you're
angry so so you've seen me doing it in
real time and it works in real time this
there's no there's no pretending there
when you see me like my head is about
ready to explode and then I I just relax
and take a few deep breaths
it does make it go away almost instantly
so I would say the the the simply
relaxing your body just just let all
your muscles go loose and then take a
deep breath from the you know the bottom
of your diaphragm and just sort of you
know feel your body relaxing and let the
breath out it's almost instant I would
say almost an instant and going from you
know 10 to a 2 you know with just a
breath or two now I find that it works
for me every time there's not one time
that hasn't worked perfectly so try it
give it a try
financial incentives for hospitals to
code deaths as coronavirus yes I was
talking earlier about dr. Jeremy Samuel
Faust and his idea that the metric that
should matter is the total deaths
compared to prior years so that solves
the problem of things being miscoded
which is a you know a well understood
problem or at least the possibility this
miscoded i don't know if anything's
actually been miscoded
but you take that take that problem away
by looking at the the net so I think
that's a pretty productive idea if it's
not a perfect idea it's a sort of idea
that feels like it moved you in the
right direction any comment on what the
FBI reportedly did to general Flynn yes
yes I do have a comment on that
the FBI is a bunch of and I
don't know how rotten it is but it's
seriously wrong and you can tell me that
the rank and file they're good people
and it's only the leadership that's bad
maybe that could be but do you know any
organizations where the leadership is
all bad and it doesn't seep into the the
you know the workers I mean maybe I
would have to say that
the FBI almost everybody at the top
needs to be fired or jailed so why
should have been our most trusted
institution maybe not counting the
Supreme Court the FBI should be should
be number two of our most trusted
institutions and will never trust
Congress of the president it doesn't
work that way but we should be able to
trust the FBI I don't
if the FBI came to your house right now
what would you think let's let's say
you're in a sense of it everything and
the FBI says we'd like to talk to you
what would be your first thought would
your first thought be oh no problem
I didn't break any crimes and commit any
crimes so why wouldn't I talk to the FBI
they're on my side right why wouldn't I
they're good guys they have questions
I'll answer them help the country what
would you do today though if the FBI
said we'd like to talk to you well the
first thing I do is say no right and
then the FBI would say but you know you
can help us solve this crime it's not
even about you and do you know what I'd
say not a chance you are not
gonna talk to me if I can help it like
if if I'm legally forced to talk to them
I suppose so
but if they asked me for a favor not a
 chance because I don't trust
them they've given up all their moral
authority wouldn't trust them even if
even if I thought I understood the favor
and I understood the favor to be in the
good of the country I wouldn't trust it
I wouldn't trust that they told me
straight I wouldn't trust that it wasn't
a setup I wouldn't trust that they're
baiting me somehow
when trusted at all so the FBI has lost
all trust from the citizens they better
try pretty hard to get it back it wasn't
my fault I'm not I'm not the one that
you know performed incredibly unethical
immoral
probably illegal activities on a regular
basis for years which is apparently what
the FBI was doing on a number of
different fronts that wasn't me I don't
take any responsibility for that so if
the FBI doesn't have my trust well
em em maybe they shouldn't have
been scumbags and and and
 maybe try that for a change
maybe maybe people would want to
cooperate with you some more so the FBI
I think is a completely discredited
organization at this point which I feel
is just a huge national tragedy it is a
national tragedy that they were so
poorly managed and as for James Comey
yeah there was a time I actually
defended him when he when he first
announced the you know the email stuff
about Hillary I said to myself no he's
you know he's definitely going beyond
his job description so there's no
question about he was acting out of turn
but my first take was now I think he's
trying to be a solid citizen and he just
needs the public to know why he knows
before they vote and then they can do
what they want to do with it but he just
wanted to make sure we knew what he knew
which I think was fair but as time goes
by and we see the fullness of things
that Comey has done he's such a horrible
human being that I can no longer hold on
to my my optimistic take that whatever
he did with those emails and Hillary was
somehow for the benefit of the country
because he's certainly proven that he
does not act in the benefit of the
country I mean that that we don't have
to wonder anymore so why would I assume
that he did it in this other situation
well I so I retract if you're keeping
track I know some of you mocked me
sometimes for for never admitting them
wrong well I don't know if I was wrong
about the Hillary Clinton situation
because I do think I preferred that he
told us what he knew so as a citizen
I definitely prefer the way he handled
it but I no longer believe that his
intentions were one I assumed which was
positive I now assumed that he's just
diseased and broken individual and that
there's nothing in there but you know
twigs and snails and snot and Satan and
whatever else is in his head I don't
know
so yeah I could not have a lower opinion
of the FBI right now and it's I hate
that because I've always had a high
opinion of the FBI law enforcement in
general I've always had a high opinion
you know mistakes and bad actors
notwithstanding I never I never felt it
was the whole organization I've never
felt that but now I do at this point you
cannot you can no longer say wow there's
this good ones and there's the bad ones
the bad ones have so ruined the
organization that it doesn't matter if
they're good ones anymore you can't
trust them but what's the difference
there are good ones working there but
you can't trust them either because the
other ones were so bad they lost all
your trust I'm sorry I didn't break the
good ones it wasn't my fault that the
good people working at the FBI get this
bad reputation that's not my fault that
happened from Comey and his band of
liars and crooks and trees and smashers
your life if somebody says their Wi-Fi
router is named FBI van down the street
Lindy's more than a pardon I think Flynn
is going to get more than a pardoned
don't you don't you think that Flynn
could sue isn't there a wrongful
something lawsuit doesn't he have the
the cleanest best lawsuit you could ever
have because remember if he tried to
prove something in a criminal trial
you've got this you know beyond a
reasonable doubt standard so could he
prove could he prove that the
you know that something was beyond a
reasonable doubt I don't know maybe not
but in a civil case proving that the FBI
was out to get him turns out to be
correct me if I'm wrong but in a civil
case it's just you vote for the one you
think is most likely as opposed to
beyond a reasonable doubt so maybe
there's no criminal penalties in the
future for these FBI guys
but how could flim not be able to sue
all of them individually I would think
he could win that wouldn't you do I
think Durham will indict I don't have
any visibility on that we're insight or
knowledge about you know the law or any
event but would that stop me from
predicting Oh have you met me of course
I'm gonna make a prediction based on no
knowledge whatsoever I wouldn't be me
and this would not be the internet if I
would not be willing to make a
prediction based on no knowledge
whatsoever and it goes like this
Durham will indict maybe not everybody
probably not everybody at least
everybody meaning then the names that
you could name right now you know the
main players probably not all but I
would guess that he's dug in deeply
enough that almost certainly there's
going to be something so somebody's
getting indicted I would say that that's
close to a hundred percent then at least
one person will get one indictment I
don't know how how deep it will go but
yeah there'll be some indictments I
think well let's call that my my
prediction I think I should call it a
guess because when I predict things I
like to have my predictions based on a
you know a common variable that
everybody can see so when I predict that
the Trump would win I said it's because
he's got the skill set they should win
in the long run but when I'm looking at
Durham I'm not basing it on anything I'm
just like no
you know he's a professional prosecutor
there's so much material to work with
one of the odds that a professional
prosecutor type can't find something to
prosecute and all of this business I
would think that they could find
something and that he would want to
because that's that's his reputation it
keeps him credible it gets him the next
job
I think he's gotta he's probably got a
indict somebody alright somebody says
why have other countries been able to
like Japan and Czech Republic have been
able to suppress a new infections I was
going to talk about that and I'm glad
you reminded me
and it goes like this we don't know why
any country is doing better than any
other country like except for the the
most basic thing like we know that Italy
had some air travel you know from Wuhan
and that almost certainly was Rai we
know some have older populations but
none of these correlations work for all
the countries so every time you think
you've got one it's like ah Italy has
old people done old people are the
problem and then you go you know find
another country and they don't have old
people make it a big problem so so we
have all these experts they can't tell
us the most basic thing which is look at
all these countries look at the the
wildly varying results and tell us why
why they can't do it if they can't tell
you why one country is doing better than
another
they have theories but they're untested
they don't seem to work you know if you
apply it to another country it doesn't
work so nobody knows I'm gonna take my
here's my guess I think there are
probably three or four main variables
and one of them is you know just age and
whether the old people are in in one
place so you know a lot of it is just
are they
are they in the wrong place where
they're around too many people in cetera
so that's the obvious one well all bad
elevators are a big part of it or things
that are very enclosed to spaces so it
makes me think that maybe air
conditioning is part of it could it be
that air conditioning is what's
circulating this thing because it lives
in the air so I worry about any kind of
air circulation
that's not externally vented and brought
in in other words if you're circulating
the same air like that in an elevator
you know while it's closed there's not
much air getting in and out it's just
sort of circulating in there on a cruise
ship circulating within the cruise ship
in the nursing home circulating within a
nursing home so I don't know maybe we'll
find out that elevators and closed
spaces with other people that's it I
mean that might be the whole story
wouldn't be surprised yeah and when you
look at places that didn't shut down
some of them have higher death rates but
not so much higher it's very unexplained
and I think that genetics is going to be
a big aha when do we do that not many
cases in Africa which could be because
of the more outdoor living what is what
is unique about Africa
one of the things that's unique is that
for a hot place Africa probably has less
air conditioning per person than any
place else when you say for a place
that's also hot so I don't door living
not as much air conditioning lots of Sun
very young Africa is a young young
country could be that people are dying
and they don't know it not good
reporting I know could be lots of things
and then yeah and then people say that
Africa has Africa's the least amount of
foreign travel could it be just that
yeah airplanes airplanes subways
elevators it's probably just all that
stuff
yeah and somebody mentions in the
comment super spreaders I have this
feeling that 80% of the spreading is
coming from 20% of the people or worse
could be 99% is coming from 1% the fact
that super spreaders exist yeah tells
you that there's a range right there's
the barely spreading to super spreader
you would think that the ones that are
away on the edge of the super spread
spectrum they could take out a whole you
know train car they could take out the
whole coach section of an airplane they
could take out a nursing home it would
be interesting to find out that the
super spreaders of the people who talk
too much cuz don't you sorta think that
might be the case you do too don't you
don't you think what would make somebody
a super spreader and somebody not is it
just the amount of virus they have in
their body well maybe I mean it might be
just the viral load but if it's coming
out of the mouth doesn't stand to reason
that the person who projects the most
out of their mouth is the most super
sweaty so might we find out that the
only risk is from big mouths who can't
stop talking and I I'm completely
serious we could find out in a week it's
embarrassing but it turns out the people
who are doing 95% of the spreading is
that you know loud Howard person who
comes into your cubicle and can't shut
up but everybody who just talks the
normal amount they're not spreading at
all it turns out that normal talking
doesn't have much danger but that guys
how was your weekend how was your
weekend my weekend was good oh jars do
you like ice cream I mowed my lawn I
like your shirt you know everybody knows
that person would you be surprised if
one of these days you found out that the
super spreaders are just the loud
talkers who can't shut up you know the
person at the restaurant that you can
hear Forte
/ and it's all you can hear and you
can't even eat you're like oh well that
guys shut up and guess what it's always
a guy so he's a guy that guy who can't
shut up in the restaurant so he's a guy
somebody says Chris Cuomo talks a lot
well I I'm talking about somebody who's
guessing not some you know I don't know
if I don't know if you can get it from
talking too much somebody says the
alcohol makes anyone a super spreader
could be is there a correlation with how
much you drink Italy big drinkers but
Israel doing a little bit better maybe
fewer drinkers in Israel said is that I
don't know if that's true but feels like
it could be true so what about alcohol
yeah maybe maybe it's all just down to
alcohol could be all right I think I've
said enough I've said enough I really
have I will see you in the morning you
know where you know when you know what
to bring with you I expect you to be
there be punctual we will have the best
simultaneous sip the whole week so far
and I will see you in the morning