pom pom pom pom pom pom Shui hang left
or hang right or as we like to call it
in the tailoring business shall I dress
left or dress right or dress Center Cara
Lee dress Center well I know why you're
all here it's because of the
unparalleled pleasure of the
simultaneous have coffee with Scott
Adams Holiday Edition getting ready to
launch and all you need to participate
is grab your holiday cup of mug glass an
iftar Stein chalice tanker thermos last
canteen growl couplet vessel of any kind
fill it with your favorite liquid eggnog
is acceptable coffee is better and join
me now for the unparalleled pleasure of
the dopamine hit of the day the thing
that makes everything better
including my throat
the simultaneous sip go ooh
holiday pleasure that's some of the best
well today will be people will be taking
off early in the United States get a
jump on all these kids are gonna be off
school pretty soon for a week ah that's
good and bad isn't it it's time it's
time all right
so let's talk about all the news once
again we have only fun news there's no
bad news today what happened to bad news
I suppose there's news that's bad for
one team or the other but it's all just
sort of political fun and nonsense and
reality TV I don't even think there's
any bad news in the news today is or if
there is I'm not reading it so one of
the hilarious things coming out of the
impeachment that's not really an
appeasement we'll talk about that is
that apparently a lot of people in the
United States were under the impression
the president Trump was removed from
office
their worlds will become very confusing
when they find out he's still in office
because it turns out a lot of people
think that impeachment means removed
from office so a lot of people were
celebrating on Twitter they were not
what we'd call the well-informed to
people that's right the poorly informed
and we love the poorly informed I think
we can agree on that
we're big fans in the poorly informed
but the poorly informed lived in a
different world yesterday in which
President Trump had been removed from
office it was kind of like the man in
the Hightower situation except reversed
I don't even know what that means but
we're gonna talk about representative
Clyburn in a minute and that'll all make
sense
so that's hilarious there's so many
people are gonna think is it's for so
many people it's going to be like
Election Day 2016
you know yesterday or the day before
yesterday they're all yay
Trump removed from office yes yes what
impeachment means what they haven't even
sent the articles over to the house were
to the Senate what I guess I'll have to
wait for the new year I know my
resolution will be Wow
so that's hilarious have any of you seen
the new Trump campaign ad I tweeted it
yesterday and this one's gonna be hard
to talk about because sometimes words
don't really capture what you need to
convey I'm pretty good with words but
I'm not going to be able to convey this
so you simply have to experience what
I'm going to describe the new Trump
campaign ad is one minute long and it is
I think the best campaign ad ever
produced now I haven't seen every
campaign ad ever produced
but once you see it you're probably
going to have the same reaction
which is okay this is the best thing
that's ever been produced as a campaign
ad here's what's special about it it's
only one minute and it takes you through
an entire movie arc just the way a movie
does I mean it's got the same almost the
three the three scene structure it's got
somebody having a life that changes in
the beginning because that's all movies
do that somebody's life gets changed in
some way and then there's the third act
where it's all doomed and it's all bad
news and then there's the you know the
amazing part and then there's the
celebration afterwards now here's why
you have to watch this all right it's so
far you're saying to yourselves probably
a lot of you you're saying to yourselves
all right there's they're good campaign
ads they're bad campaign ads why are you
going on about this is it because you
you love President Trump you know you're
just doing another commercial for him
nope let me tell you if you're not
convinced to watch this ad for for the
experience of it and that's why you what
I'm recommending you have to experience
it before you do read the comments under
the where I tweeted it the comments are
very uniform and exactly what I
experienced
I had a full body experience meaning
literally every hair in my arm every
part of my skin my brain my exterior my
sympathetic nervous system my breathing
my pulse one minute I cried cried like a
baby at the end of it
one minute reduced me to a quivering
lump of whatever but in a good way is it
good cry I watched the second time after
I put some distance on it because I
wanted to see if was it was I just
didn't mood or something
watch the second time stronger
it was actually stronger the second time
now there is so much technique packed
into this masterpiece
and by the way masterpiece is not is
this not a strong word if you see it
that one minute campaign ad is
comparable to the best movie you've ever
seen in in complete complete in terms
how you feel now I'm not saying there
aren't better to our movies you know
they give you similar feelings but
nobody's ever done it in a minute before
one minute to produce just an extreme
feeling it's yeah it's amazing
now somebody says I saw it and men
obviously these things are subjective so
you should expect that some people have
no reaction some people have very strong
reaction most people have some kind of
reaction somebody says I think it's the
prednisone could be I thought that too
until I saw the other commenters you
have to read the other comments to see
what they experience is a physical
feeling so I looked for all the
technique in it and I decided I'm not
going to call it out because I don't
want to I don't want to ruin it by
showing you technique but you'll feel it
the music the videography the direction
the production I've never seen anything
better it's truly remarkable you have to
see it all right and again I have to say
that this is about the experience this
is not a political statement and not
just you know Schilling for Trump
because you feel some of you remember I
was equally not quite as much but I was
very complimentary of Bernie Sanders ad
in the last the last go-around the last
election I thought he had the best
campaign ad with the people streaming to
these the ocean to the assignment and
garfunkel music but that doesn't even
come close to this thing you know I
think Bernie's ad was one of the better
ones I've seen up to that point but this
just wiped it off the table I love to
know who's behind it
because I believe they must have this is
just speculation they must have pulled
together a team that had sort of the
strongest people from a variety of
different fields there had to be
somebody involved who's a persuasion or
at least advertising genius so if you
ever find out who is the actual person
behind it I don't know if it's the
writer director or consultant or all of
the above but there is pure genius
nothing all right let's talk about the
debates I agree with most observers that
the debates probably didn't move the
needle too much everybody played it safe
but in playing as safe that does produce
accidently winners and losers I thought
that Joe Biden had his best debate as
did others he didn't have any big gaffes
he seemed seemed good enough you know he
seemed like an old pair of jeans you
know they they fit they were comfortable
they weren't great but they were
terrible so I think Biden's simply by
being not terribly incompetent which is
unfortunately we've seen him in the not
looking so good phase but he had a good
night so let's let's give it to him good
night for Joe Biden I am still
predicting that if Joe Biden gets the
nomination which seems at least as
likely as anything else at this point
completely surprised but if he does he's
gonna have to fix that vice-president
problem meaning that he's gonna have to
get a person of color and ideally a
woman on the ticket and ideally a woman
of color so who's that give you
Klobuchar would be an excellent match
she would be really an ideal vice
president presidential picked why
because even people who don't want
Klobuchar to be their next president
seeing her somebody who has all the
skill she doesn't have
any blank spots right she doesn't have
the charisma of even a Joe Biden who
doesn't have the charisma of an Obama so
she's she's two levels removed in
charisma but totally solid however she's
got no color as as we see in the
comments going by right so she would
only solve half of the problem Carla
Harris has disappeared here is my
further updated prediction as you know I
predicted that Carla would get the
nomination then when that when she
suspended her campaign I revised that -
she will be picked as a vice
presidential pick by Biden which will in
effect make her the maker in a lot of
people's minds the nominee because
people are gonna look at Biden and
they're gonna say okay Joe Biden who do
you picked for vice president because in
this particular case that's pretty
important because we don't know if he'll
even make four years much less much less
eight so here's my prediction
I believe that Kamala Harris is going to
go dark if she had if she hasn't already
meaning that she's gonna go off the grid
mostly has she gone off the grid
mostly well she's nothing news so I
guess so here's what I think is
happening Biden had the most the most
recommendations from important Democrats
the most endorsements the number two
person was Carla Harris which means that
both Biden and Harris have the support
of sort of the let's say the traditional
Democratic leaders if you could if you
could coach Carla Harris up to competent
you'd have a strong package her
performance in the in the primaries was
completely incompetent but could she be
coached up to at least not hurting
anything all bat yes she just has to get
rid of her sister as a campaign manager
how'd he get rid of your sister as
campaign manager only one way if you
want to keep your family together you
don't want to lose your sister but you
need to fire her what's the only way you
could do it
cancel your campaign because if she
becomes the vice presidential nominee
she might have a different team somebody
that Joe Biden might recommend so I
think the Harris is going to solve the
problem of her sister advising her by
and she did that by canceling her
campaign and if she gets picked as a
vice president I'll betcha
that she comes back not looking like the
old kabbala I believe that she will get
a makeover maybe even the way she
dresses
you know maybe her hair maybe something
like that although her hair is fine and
I think that she's going to come back as
a more capable campaigner because she'll
give fixed by the same people who wore
Biden to win because the people want him
to win kind of not that far away from
the ones who wanted a common when to win
they're all the Democratic insiders so
that's my prediction all right let's
talk about some more I thought that yang
was the biggest winner now Biden wins
just by not losing so so he's sort of in
a special class because he's at the head
of the pack so simply not losing is a
good day for him but I think yang made
mark and here's how I think you made a
mark the people who are persuadable are
not on the pro Trump side every day and
they're not on the impeach Trump every
day side yang is the only one who
realized that the persuadable so I guess
Biden realizes this too but the
persuadable don't care too much about
impeachment so when he was asked about
impeachment he basically he brushed it
off exactly the right play and what I
saw that I thought huh that's a strong
play he's the only person who's
recognizing that the only persuadable
are at the position he took which is not
that important
wipe it off
the table so that was good here is the
best part of the night and really yeah
every now and that there are things
which could change civilization entirely
and they're small so you don't notice
them when they happened one of those
things happen last night there was
something that happened at the debate
that could change civilization and it
was the fact that all of the candidates
were asked about their views on nuclear
energy did you catch that
now I was having some technical
difficulties and so I missed some of the
answers so I didn't get all of their
answers to it but the important part was
that all the Democrats were asked a
challenging question about nuclear
energy and the way the question was
couched was as a positive for nuclear
and why don't you idiots endorse it I
mean they didn't say it that way because
the you know the interviewers were not
they were trying to play it down in the
middle and by the way I thought that the
the the people hosting it the you know
the talent etc I thought they did the
best job we've seen am I wrong that felt
like the best of the debates by far in
terms of how it was managed anyway so
they were all asked about nuclear energy
and it was phrased as obviously a
solution for clean energy and a solution
for climate change and it was a very
challenging question so wasn't the
answers that were important it was the
question because they all had to address
it yang said yes on nuclear energy has
to be part of the solution and then he
went and mentioned thorium technology in
particular now if you you know if if
you've been doing what I've been doing
for the last couple years I guess
especially with Mark Snyder his his help
in persuading on nuclear energy and Mike
Michael Shellenberger and people have
been talking about this forever hearing
yang call out a specific next-generation
technology it was a big deal it was a
big deal and
I imagine was all of the other
candidates while they're watching yang
talk intelligently about the potential
for thorium a specific kind of new
technology for nuclear you could almost
hear the other people thinking thorium
which one is that or thorium thorium I
think I'm gonna need to read up on
thorium alright the fact that yang
brought up thorium showed he had a
deeper level of knowledge than I imagine
half of the people on the stage I don't
really know but I'm not and I'm not even
saying the thorium is the answer by the
way there's some controversy about which
of the new technologies are going to be
the one I'll talk about that a little
bit later but the fact that he wasn't
full at it you know yang just wanted
right at it and said yeah it's good it's
got to be that and we got to make it
better here's the technology I think
that put him as the winner he was the
only one who had a a knock out answer
for climate change he's the only one who
put impeachment in his proper place but
then he had he had a good moment that
got a lot of clicks which is also good
because it's provocative if yang has
learned better than most of them that
you have to be a little bit provocative
to get attention and attention is a big
part of the equation so here's what yang
said so the question was I guess Barak
Obama said that women are better leaders
in some contexts and so yang was asked
about that
and he and the yang said quote the fact
is if you get too many men alone and
leave us a load for a while we kind of
become morons and the audience laughed
now the first time I heard this my first
reaction was oh god just pandering to
women yeah yeah yeah you know I know you
have to say that women have to be all
the superheroes and if it's insurance
commercial you have to show that the
women makes the good decisions on the
insurance and the man runs into the
telephone poles you
yeah it's just more of this social
justice crap where you know if you're a
man you've got to say oh no men are no
good you know women are great you know I
thought it would that was my first
impression and I thought about it a
little bit and I I compared it to my own
experience here's my experience if you
put a bunch of men together they will
compete with each other you know they'll
sort first into your alphas and your
betas that's the first thing that men do
when you put them all together and then
within the alphas they'll be fighting it
out for dominance and a in a competition
that doesn't help anybody you all right
so I would agree that when you put only
men together on a round process men will
act sort of like men and you might not
get a clean let's say a solution that
makes sense for the whole public you
might get just whatever happens when men
could be with each other and try to sort
themselves into
yeah alphas and betas and compete and
who's great and you know just got the
biggest equipment and all that that's
true I would say my experience supports
that too many men without a female in
the room does change the conversation
then let's say you introduce one woman
into the room and this is just a thought
experiment I'm not saying you should
only have one woman in the room but just
to introduce one woman into the mix and
what happens immediately the men start
talking to the woman not directly not as
him they they focus or conversation at
the woman but they change their entire
approach toward impressing the one woman
in the room because we're built that way
biologically if you throw one woman in a
room full of men their biological
instinct is to compete for the woman
right now somebody said is she hot I'm
not going to touch that question I'm
going to say that you all know that
there's
difference in who the woman is right
let's just say average average woman it
doesn't matter if she's married or what
the the biological nature of men is that
we will change our approach to be more
appealing to the one woman in the room
because we're built that way now if you
have a woman in the room do you have a
better or a worse window on civilization
in general probably better because women
are a lot closer in my opinion just
opinion here folks
you're free to free to disagree women
are a closer in opinion on in general to
what the public considers appropriate or
good men are a little bit removed from
that and we depend on women to tell us
what's acceptable now I know you don't
like that but is just biologically true
as an observation we men look to women
to give us a little extra visibility of
what's acceptable and if you left it to
men it would get pretty dark pretty
quickly all right so I think the men
willingly willingly allow some of that
decision-making about what's appropriate
we willingly source that to women
somewhat because we trust them to have a
clear understanding of what good
behavior looks like now
I'm not trying to make fun of women I'm
not trying to make fun of men so that
nothing nothing I just said should be
considered at insults of men or women it
has to do with the fact and I know you
don't want to hear this that diversity
has advantages diversity has advantages
that's the perfect perfect scenario
where diversity does help I think if you
don't have a woman in the room you're
flying blind if you're men likewise if
you're a bunch of women in the room and
there are no men in the room you're also
flying blind now I think that you know
you can take that argument to you you
know if you don't have an
african-american in the room you don't
know what's going on for that part of
the population
think that's fair I think that's fair I
think you could argue that performance
you just want the best people who are
good at performing but if you want to
have a good clean filter on the world
what's a good idea what's a bad idea
diversity gets you that all right let's
talk about who else was there
Warren I thought Warren was kind of a
maybe a break even or worse she's got
this plan where she wants to tax the
wealthy people who have over fifty
million dollars in wealth tax them two
percent which they would hardly notice
wouldn't change the lifestyles and then
that two percent will pay for her all
manner of public services because
there's there's so many so many people
with so much money that even that little
tax on that tiny group will get you all
I don't know free health care and
education and stuff so the problem with
that is the problem is that if you don't
know much about anything this sounds
pretty appealing because it's so simple
wait you're telling me you're gonna take
money from people who have plenty of
money and won't even notice it's gone
and you're gonna give it to people who
desperately need it and nothing's gonna
happen except that it will stimulate the
economy and we'll all make more money is
that your proposition because you know
what that sounds pretty good to me too
I've argued in the context of
reparations I've argued that if you were
to tax just those richest people the
same ones that Warren wants to tax they
have a strange quality about them
they're not like everybody else in lots
of ways but in this one way the
super-rich are not like everybody else
and that is that if the economy in
general does well they always do well
well not always but you know often
enough that it's close to always so
taxing the top 2% for something that
clearly would help educate and keep the
population healthy you keep them
employed keep them productive keep them
as good employees for your company big
Billy there it's probably closer
to an investment if a middle-class
person gets taxed and it goes to the
poor to pay for those services well
maybe that's closer to a break-even
because the middle class person gets
poorer that's not good
the person who got the money he gets is
better off but you know maybe that's
kind of a wash because somebody lost
something in order for somebody to gain
something but if you're only taxing the
people who literally won't notice it 2%
and a 50 million million dollars
literally wouldn't notice and it has a
giant stimulating effect that's kind of
appealing now I don't think economists
quite backed this plan and the trouble
with all of these economic plans is that
the public can't understand them but the
public does know that there are rich
people and they have money and they
could give it to somebody says in all
capitals RealD and Davis has Scott
didn't use I'm reading it like shouting
because it's all in capitals Scott
didn't you say you'd leave if tax too
much hot even if you say buy you have a
few money well yeah I would if if the
tax if somebody got elected and started
taxing rich people at seventy percent or
ninety percent or something like that
yeah I would I would leave the country
for sure but if they taxed only the
people with 50 million or more a
one-time tax of two percent I think it's
one time it's not annual right I hope
it's not annual that would be completely
different but I think it's one percent
or two percent once maybe that's not
enough so anyway the point is that her
her proposition sounds good on paper the
same way that supply-side economics
sounds good if you don't know too much
about economics so it's a strong
approach but I don't know that it's
catching on Klobuchar looked competent
but boring didn't have a bad day but a
judge got attacked a little bit but I
thought he was a little bit lawyer
he's getting better you know you you
have to watch people like Buddha judge
the especially the the younger
candidates because their ability to
improve is hard to predict
so you're seeing footage improving
during the course of the campaign you
don't know how much better he could get
maybe he could get a lot better so he
got attacked for having fundraisers in
something called a wine cave literally a
cave where expensive wine was served in
Napa near me and it was just a standard
fundraiser apparently this is very
common way the Democrats do fundraisers
Gavin Newsom you know talked about it he
said he has just normal way we do it why
would you want why would you want rich
people not to be able to give money to a
campaign that doesn't even make sense
so I think what a judge did a good job
of loyally explaining it away but the
lawyerly answer doesn't win all right
the visual wins compare compare Buddha
judges response which is perfectly good
but it's just a concept with no image
she said quote this is the problem with
passing purity test you yourself cannot
pass then went on to talk about how
Warren had taken money in a Senate
campaign and then transferred it over to
her presidential campaign which is legal
but it still takes money from rich
people now Buddha judges explanation is
technical it's lawyerly it's true it's
clever it's right it's the right
response it's all completely accurate
now compare that to what I think it was
what yang said about it what he got his
turn to comment on it he said that he
doesn't yang said he doesn't want to go
shake the money tree and the wine cave
now compare those two approaches shake
the money tree and the wine cave you
might live to a thousand years old and
never forget what I just said shake the
money tree in the wine
that is so visual that is really really
visual it's as good as build the wall so
you so again when you watch the younger
candidates learn as they go was was yang
always that visual was yang always that
good or is he picking this up as he goes
because I've got a feeling he's picking
it up as he goes he's a gamer somebody
said right he's picking up tools like as
he does his adventure you know if he
imagines the video game he's like a
machine gun
picked that up Oh food pick that up
energy pellet pick that up I feel like
yeah is gaming power he's just picking
up tools as he goes through the
adventure and and that visual reference
man that was good
that was so good so I say yang had
certainly something close to a breakout
night by not buying into this the
politics as usual by being very visual
by being provocative being interesting
and yeah I think he just nailed it so
yang get a good bang all right did you
all see the the newest Johnny and Laurel
thing is representative james Clyburn
was in an interview and he was he was
talking about Mitch McConnell's pretrial
comments about how he wants to handle
the the impeachment if it goes over to
the Senate the McConnell might want to
vote on it without having witnesses and
stuff and so representative Clyburn
who's who's a Democrat was talking about
it and he said and one part of his
explanation he said quote give him a
fair trial and hang him except from the
reverse perspective and everybody read
that said a what did he just say that we
want to give President Trump a fair
trial and then hang him what that sounds
like the worst thing anybody ever said
except
that as the New York Times fact checker
Daniel Dale yes in the simulation the
fact checker from the New York Times is
Daniel Dale he points out that actually
this is not what Clyburn said he did use
the words give him a fair trial and hang
him except that he added right after
that accepted in the reverse so he was
saying that what might happen is the
opposite of giving somebody a fair trial
and hanging them which would be giving
them an unfair trial and letting them
free right so what Clyburn was trying to
say is that mcconnell wants to give
Trump an unfair trial meaning no trial
at all and then set him free but he said
it in the worst possible way you could
say it for a clarity he said it's like
giving him a fair trial and then hanging
him except in Reverse if you take out
the the last part except in Reverse it
does sound like he's talking about
giving Trump a trial and hanging him but
when you add except in Reverse that's
how you you know that that's the
opposite of what it meant so the
president's team I think one of the
campaign accounts tweeted that as if
Clyburn did say hanging the president
but Daniel Dayal fact checked it and
said no and said and then I saw an
opportunity you know me if I see an
opportunity I'm in the crease and I said
to myself huh I've been watching this
Daniel Dale guy operate for quite a
while and I don't love the fact that
he's fact-checking there the the GOP at
every turn and finding that they have
lots of things that need to be fact
check I'll love it but I read a lot of
them and I don't disagree with him I
don't know if I ever have in other words
he shows his work this is what was said
this is what is true here's the source
more often than not you'll show the
source so I have a general positive view
of Dan
Dale's critical thinking as well as his
attempt to be somewhat of biased now he
works for the New York Times so there's
a limit on how unbiased you'd be right
we all know there's a limit to how
unbiased any of us can be but some are
trying right some people are trying to
be unbiased and I get the impression
that Daniel Dale is one of those people
the way he writes gives me the
impression he's attempting to be
unbiased doesn't mean he's right every
time the same with all of us so I saw an
opening and so I tweeted back to him or
retweeted and then commented on his
Clyburn comments I said I agreed which
is always good to agree with people if
you want to influence them start by
agreeing so I said agreed I accepted
that his interpretation of Clyburn is
the accurate one because it does look
like the accurate one
and I said for credibility meaning his
own credibility Daniel Dale's do the
fine people hoax next now somebody asked
me what are the odds he'll actually
click on the link I linked over to Steve
Cortes article and RealClearPolitics
that describes the hoax and somebody
said what are the odds that he'll click
over to it and here's my answer probably
a hundred percent probably a hundred
percent the odds of him not clicking on
a prominent link from somebody else
who's got a blue check you know I have a
blue check so people pay attention to me
more fair or not that's that's just the
fact they pay attention more probably I
mean almost certainly he's gonna check
that link now I would also say and this
is just speculation my guess is that he
already agrees that the fine people hoax
is a hoax that's my guess
now he can choose what topics he talks
about and he's mostly talking about
things that are current in the news and
he started work after that fine people
hoax so he doesn't have to circle back
to it he could ignore it that's what I
expect
but what if it comes up again what if it
comes up again in the general election
guys you know where well does Daniel
Dale correct that fact or does he ignore
it it's an interesting question because
there there are very few people who were
in on the field whose job it is to at
least attempt to be unbiased and if he
ignores it it works against any kind of
branding that would make him look
unbiased so I don't know I think it I
think it would break the world in half
if Daniel Dale came out and said the
fine people hopes as a honks he would
Dale would cement his credibility
forever
that's it
if he wants to be credible and he wants
to just put a cap on it and just say
alright I'm gonna take this and for the
rest of time I'll be the guy was the
most credible person in the United
States and just put a cap on it and say
here it is I just debunked the fine
people hoax criticize me now you can't
you can't criticize them for being
biased any time in the future if you
debunks that easily debunked host hoax
alright let's talk about the impeachment
legalities I'm having the greatest time
I hope you are too
learning about the the technical details
of impeachment it's really interesting
you know in in many ways just learning
about is interesting and this tweet from
John Roberts Fox News according to
Harvard Law Professor this is important
you know that the credibility of this
guy is important according to Harvard
Law Professor Noah Feldman
parenthetically he was a democratic
witness and the judiciary hearing
alright so this is a Democrat he says
Democrat as you can get and he's a
Harvard Law Professor
exactly the guy you want to ask
about the details of this impeachment
process let's say he said president
Trump is not quote impeached until the
articles are sent to the Senate
if Pelosi holds on to them indefinitely
Trump would not be impeached so I
tweeted today that you should take this
tweet from John Roberts and you should
print it out and take it with you or
screenshot it for your holiday with your
family because when your family says ha
ha ha your president got impeached then
you say
did he oh did he give me a second
which your phone number send not so much
not so much you you want him to be
impeached he might be impeached but as
of Christmas he's not impeached told
Nancy sentence over those articles so
that's fun by the way just this is just
a famous person aside I'm at John
Roberts years ago I think he was as CBS
News he interviewed me when Dilbert
first started taking off in my little
little condo two bedroom condo in Dublin
California so I got to hang out with
John Roberts for a while very nice guy
there's nothing to do anything he's just
a nice guy and so on that same point
about how to argue with your relatives I
tweeted this morning that everybody who
says and I saw it again this morning in
the tweet that the president is not
above the law and here's my take on that
if today like today the 20th of December
you are still arguing in public using
this phrase nobody's above the law or
the president is not about the law can
you explain why the impeachment articles
do not include any alleged law breaking
that that's something to take with you
for your family
because your family is gonna say
presidents not above the law he's not
above what nobody's above the law and
then you say good point can you explain
why the Democrats did all this research
and when they wrote up the articles of
impeachment
none of it included even an allegation
of a law being broken because you think
that would be right near the top if the
president broke in actual law you'd
think that would be right up there in
those articles of impeachment right can
you explain why it's so obvious to the
whole world according to you that the
president broke a law or laws and
apparently there are important ones
because you wouldn't mention them
otherwise it's not like littering they
must be important can you explain why
the Democrats don't know what you know
because I'm pretty sure they would have
put them in the articles of impeachment
so there's that then of course there's
the provocative question that Joel
 asks in Breitbart isn't Nancy
Pelosi by holding up and delaying the
articles of impeachment obstructing
Congress is she not obstructing Congress
now that's a fun point but I suppose the
Supreme Court could be involved in that
decision too at some point so neither
she nor Trump are actually obstructing
any any Congress at all as long as the
Supreme Court is still the the trapdoor
that both of them had available to them
all right let's see what else we got
here so I think it's fascinating that
Trump is not technically impeached even
according to the experts and for the
Democrats what would you predict do you
predict that he ever will be impeached I
mean technically because it's starting
to look like maybe maybe maybe not
maybe not because he's not in peach yet
Andy Andrew McCarthy had an interesting
article on this that in the legal
political system there are specific
events which have to happen like the
filing of a document in the court for
example that is when you're done and
until the until a document is filed and
stamped and accepted you're only almost
there you need the final official thing
where it just doesn't count
and the legal system and and arguably in
this this case until they send it over
to the Senate they haven't met the
minimum requirement of it being an
impeachment interestingly that doesn't
change anything at all but it was a fun
point now because the simulation that we
live in loves us it keeps giving us
entertainment entertaining events the
most entertaining this week is a hunter
Biden might face a court order to
disclose his finances because of his
paternity suit with a stripper so the
stripper is taking them to court and
might force him to produce as financial
disclosures so we can see how much money
you got from Ukraine and I don't know
some bank and China maybe now here's
what's funny if it turns out that hunter
Biden has to publicly disclose his
finances before President Trump is
forced to disclose his taxes I don't
know if I'll ever be able to stop
laughing now I'm not saying it's good
I'm not saying it's bad I'm not saying
they shouldn't both release their
information or neither or one of the
other I'm not even making an opinion on
what should or should not be done what
is right or wrong I'm just saying that
when the simulation serves you up a
dessert like this my mom eat that
dessert cuz this is good stuff I would
like to call out for the best meme that
I've seen in a long time and I didn't
have
a marker on it so I'm gonna describe it
instead of show it but if somebody could
tell me who came up with this it's
brilliant and there was a two-parter to
what it was a picture of Trump and the
first picture of Trump says says
something along the lines of well maybe
I can find it it'd be easier to show it
to you wouldn't it because you have to
see the vegetable to get the full beauty
a full beauty of it here I think I can
find it pretty quickly and it looks like
okay hold on hold on I swear I can find
this quickly here it is
alright so on top it says stop calling
me orange you could barely see it and
then the bottom he's kind of thumbs up
he says hashtag impeach except when you
read the word impeach it looks like I am
peach so the top is stop calling the
orange hashtag I am peach and I looked
at this and I thought damn it it just
happened
remember I told you that Trump would not
be the subject of impeachment and it
would change him I told you the trunk
would change what the word impeachment
means because he changes everything
things don't change Trump Trump changes
other things and that happened stop
calling me orange hashtag I am peach
could you love that better let me take
down the temperature of this and maybe
you can see it better can you see this
now
stop calling me orange hashtag I am
peach I mean seriously whoever thought
of that slow clap slow clap so if
anybody knows who came up with that let
me know I'll give him a shout-out that
deserves attention all right so you saw
the news I think was yesterday that
there was missing footage of the outside
of Jeffrey Epstein cell the time that he
attempted suicide I guess the he
attempted it once
allegedly that he succeeded in a
different attempt and the video from the
first attempt was missing and people
said to me Scott I know you think this
is just incompetence and it's not a
murder attempt it's a real suicide but
how do you explain this video that we
used to have and now it's missing and I
said still competence still incompetence
and today the new news is they found the
video
so probably incompetence but of course
the people who still believe in the
clever murder scenario said well it's a
deep fake it's a deep fake and it's been
modified that's why it went away for a
while and came back maybe maybe can't
rule it out you have to see Alan
Dershowitz bitch-slapping Lawrence tribe
on Twitter with his legal opinion so
Lawrence tribe was trying to make the
case that Nancy did Nancy Pelosi did not
have to turn over the articles of
impeachment to the Senate any time any
time soon if she suspects that the
Senate would not give him a fair hearing
and so tribe used the analogy of you
know if a judge and would a judge
convene a jury if the judge knew for
sure that the jury did not intend to
hear the trial not by its way I think
that was his analogy but anyway the
point was as I often say analogies are
not part of reason they are usually
stupid and that any smart person will
just argue that the analogy is not
exactly like the thing and that's the
end of the argument so Gershowitz just
rips apart lawrence tribes analogy and
says pretty directly it's a dominologist
analogies are over the week so watching
Dershowitz rip apart and allergies
from a harvard law professor whose
analogy was just
let me just you have to read
Dershowitz explanation if I know how bad
it was but that was very fun all right
let's say Joe Biden in the debate he got
the the one term question you know would
he be willing to run and just saying he
was gonna commit to only one term now he
he said you know I'm not gonna make that
decision blah blah but just putting it
out there it's got to be really bad for
Joe Biden just the fact that that even
guy asked in front of the public so I
don't know that that'll have any impact
on his polling but it was certainly a
question that suggests the people asking
the question were making smart
reasonable unbiased questions here's the
funniest part Biden has decided that the
main thrust of his campaign aside aside
from orange main bad which of course we
all know is that the economy is not that
good Joe Biden decided to to rest his
chances of becoming president on arguing
that the best economy in the history of
all economies in the history of
civilization the best economic year
we've had in approximately if scientists
are correct 13 to 15 billion years it's
the best
so Biden's gonna say no that's not
really that good
that's his argument that's not really
that good because the middle class is
not benefiting enough now there might be
truth to that but it sounds like the
worst argument anybody ever had going
into an election no the best economy
we've ever had no no we don't want that
now the others have it worse at least
Biden is going into it with you know
more moderate proposals that you don't
imagine what immediately Disraeli or
yeah just derail the economy but the the
the other candidates are saying that the
economy is not that good and they're
going to make a whole bunch of change
that every economist would agree would
make it worse they might make it more
fair the things that Warren and Bernie
are suggesting you could argue that it
would get closer to a balanced fair
situation if that if income equality and
access to healthcare and all that or how
you measure those things but I don't see
how you could have a platform that says
the economy is already not working and
then we're gonna do something that I
think every economist would say would
just decimate the GDP you know if you
start making these big changes in the
middle of a stream that's going well all
right then let's talk about something
fun have you ever heard of the Sahara
sea project apparently for decades
there's been this idea that comes up and
goes away about building a I guess a
what would you call a canal from the
ocean to the Sahara Desert because I
guess much of the Sahara Desert is below
sea level so if you just built a canal
which wouldn't be easy
but you could do it you build the canal
you create a vast sea ocean in the
middle of the Sahara Desert and then you
know the humidity changes and you can
have farming and all that stuff somebody
says it's too dry or it's dry too I
don't know what that means so here's the
here's the idea so chill Merlin if I'm
pronouncing it right to child or chill
tweeted out why was this heresy project
ever abandoned and he noted that it
could neutralize sea level rises right
so it would be one place that any extra
sea level rise could be siphoned off
into in a happy way and I thought yeah
that does make sense right if you had a
Big Basin that could substantially
increase the quantity of sea water and
distribute it to a different place
that would actually be very good for
minimizing the impact of rising sea
level what's up not bad it would also
create mass area for agriculture that's
currently desert now bad and it would do
you had some other benefit here to you
and it would go do something else good
[Applause]
oh and it would be just a great economic
zone for Africa I would add to that no
he didn't say this but I've heard this
before
that if if you could take the hottest
spot in the world and probably the
Sahara would be that for a large
landmass if you could cool off the
hottest part it should make a bigger
difference to climate change than
everybody doing a little bit on the
places that weren't that hot the first
place so the theory is if you could make
a big difference to the hottest place
maybe that's the biggest bang for the
buck and one of the ways that cooling
off the Sahara by reforesting it their
ideas about letting livestock just
wander around on the borders because
apparently if you let livestock wander
around on the border between vegetation
and desert they'll eat some vegetation
they'll poop in the desert you know ten
feet over the line and then there'll be
seeds and the feces and it grows so you
can actually have livestock increase
your vegetation and shrink the desert so
what if you did both what if you turned
it into a canal built a canal turned it
into a an ocean in the middle of the
serra let your livestock wander around
reforest it you would actually decrease
the power of it Atlantic hurricanes
because Atlantic hurricanes are formed
because of the temperature difference
between the ocean off of northern Africa
and the deserts so deserts super hot the
ocean is cooler it causes the hurricane
to start if you could decrease the
difference in the temperatures by
cooling off the desert a few degrees it
wouldn't take much your your hurricanes
wouldn't have the same power
somebody says they need fresh water they
need fresh water too that is correct but
if you have oceanfront and you have you
know you probably have some capabilities
for getting water down by you I have to
desalinate but it's possible the other
day I told you that the president
retweeted me my tweet that was retweeted
was if the if the impeachment is
the Senate must acquit very clever I
thought and then the president retweeted
it and got a lot of attention I I
mentioned it to my brother and he looked
in the president's Twitter feed and said
hey I don't see it there and I said I
just thought so I wasn't looked and it
wasn't there so I think the president
retweeted it and then deleted it later I
would support that decision in fact that
was surprised it got retweeted in the
first place I was supportive because I
don't think the president he's the a
four-letter word and in his tweets you
know even this president there's no
reason for him but the bigger problem is
as many people said to me by making the
analogy to the OJ trial it makes people
think well he might get away with
something but he's still guilty like OJ
so even though the the the statement is
clever
if the impeachment is the Senate
must acquit is to take off on Johnnie
Cochran getting OJ off if the club
doesn't you must have quit and so
people said no maybe you shouldn't
don't don't compare the President to Oh
Jake as he got off but maybe he should
have so my guess is that somebody alert
on the president's staff made that same
argument and between the fact that it
had a you know a four letter word in it
and the fact that added oj reference i
think it was deleted
somebody needs to fact check that no but
i don't think it's there now and i would
support that decision so i think i think
that was the right right play all right
I believe oh then you should read today
also I will point you to so March Snyder
has a great thread today on how
President Trump has done more for
nuclear energy than anybody which means
which means President Trump has done
more to combat climate change than any
other country well no that's not you
other countries are doing a lot I'll say
it this way
president Trump has done more than
anybody in this country to to combat
climate change and when you read Martian
letters tweet thread you can see that
there's a whole bunch of stuff that
Department of Energy is done under Trump
and secretary Perry who was on his way
out but he built for example a nuclear
fuel test facility now that doesn't mean
much to you if you're not immersed in
this stuff but what it means is that
they have a way now for the first time
to fairly quickly test a bunch of
strategies for cleaner safer and nuclear
models and if you don't have a way to
test it you don't just don't have a way
to get there and the Department of
Energy built that so that's that's
happening right now so that alone if the
President had done nothing else except
approve that it would have been one of
the most important things done to battle
climate risk and if you said hey there's
no climate risk it's all made up it
doesn't matter we still need clean
energy we still need clean water still
need clean air so it doesn't matter
either way but it can be said I think
with a straight face the Trump has done
more to improve at least the risk
management of climate change than
anybody in the United States no
president has done this much now now of
course you've got people like Obama
banning incandescent lightbulbs and you
say to yourself all that what about that
well it's not really a big deal because
first of all you've got the the waste
disposal problem the new bulbs are
harder to dispose of but it's not that
big a difference but building a nuclear
a safe clean nuclear capability to
create generate to create electricity is
I don't know a million times more
important than lightbulbs does that fair
a thousand times more important maybe a
million times more important than the
light bulb thing there's no contest if
you were to be objective and say who did
the most to minimize the risk because we
don't know we don't know which way
climate change is going so if you were
still in the skeptical side but just
call the risk the nobody's had more to
minimize the risk because he put it in
place the one thing that you need the
most a robust nuclear energy testing
facility so you can get to the next
level Mitch McConnell had a great turn
of phrase he talked about the
impeachment champion process and he
spoke of the Democrats and their view of
Trump as quote toxic rage toxic rage
that's pretty good isn't it
doesn't that feel exactly like what's
going on because anger is normal you
know anger and the political realm is
just it's like oxygen it's just always
going to be there people are supposed to
fight for their SCI and they get a
little you know they get a little angry
etc but that doesn't look like this does
this look like people who are just angry
because they're fighting for the
policies that they like it doesn't look
like that at all not even a little bit
there's not even any consistency you
know about the criticisms and what they
want
it looks like toxic rage because rage
can actually be useful right angry
people get a lot done and if you're
angry about an injustice a little bit of
Rage is exactly what you want to fight
that injustice so I'm Pro rage if it's
used productively but this does seem
like toxic rage it doesn't feel like
there's a benefit at the end of it
yeah and I said this before that the the
Democrats were celebrating impeachment
simply because it would make the
president feel bad right what would you
call that
if the impeachment would make the GDP
improve I'd say well okay that's a
useful rage or at least somebody's
making an argument that it's a useful
rage nobody's making an argument about
this impeachment I mean nobody's making
an argument that the impeachment without
the removal is benefiting the country I
mean it's it's a pretty loose argument
about well the voters need to know yeah
okay but it's just a week it's it's more
it seems obvious to me again I don't
want to mind-read but that's how it
looks so I can only say for sure how it
looks to me and how it looks there's
like toxic rage that's just the perfect
phrase I might use that well that's all
I have for today and I'm gonna go back
to be getting my big week of holiday yes
thoughts on birdies debate performance
I'll just read a few of your comments
here I did skip Bernie so let me get
back to Bernie
I thought Bernie as others have said
sounded like a one-trick pony I don't
think he had a good day so I think
Bernie he has strong supporters he
didn't say anything that will eliminate
him so he just had an okay day I'd be
surprised if the rankings on the
Democratic side changed except that I
would expect yang to go up so the only
change I expect is yang to improve now
they asked the command of somebody but I
think it might commanded them equally
because I don't think yang directly I
don't think he's in anybody's lane is he
McAfee update unless I missed an email I
haven't heard back from his Booker so so
far that's the way it's gone so I got
Andrew yang agreed to be on my periscope
turned me over to his campaign and we
exchanged some emails and then they
disappeared tulsi gabbard also
personally responded to me and said yes
you know let my campaign schedule it
they got back to me and then we talked
and then it fell off they just fell off
the table
likewise McAfee has said yes and turned
me over to his Booker and like the other
two examples I don't expect I'll ever
hear from the book so I guess it's easy
to get people to agree but it's harder
for their people to think it's a good
idea III think that and I'm just
speculating here but I would guess that
if yang tulsi gabbard or McAfee heard
that I was the one who wanted to talk to
him
I could imagine them saying yeah I do
that but I can also easily imagine that
somebody on their staff would take a
look at it and say you know this one
might be a little dangerous it isn't I
don't think it's dangerous for any of
them because I would be a I would not be
a jerk alright I can commit to that then
I'm not going to be the the jerk hit
piece you know I just wanted to destroy
you in public I I just have no interest
in that at all
so I would give them a totally fair
hearing and that would try to make sure
that I had highlighted their strongest
points but if you're the staff do you
believe that well compared to the other
things the candidate might have to
schedule because they're all over
scheduled you assume right so it doesn't
surprise me if the if the staffs of any
of them say you know maybe we will
prioritize this low it's a mistake it's
a gigantic mistake I let me say this if
yang or tulsi gabbard
appeared on my periscope there their
poll numbers would go up I think so I
think that I could actually make that
happen because I could I could
and their political frame and like I
said I'm not going to be trying to try
to destroy anybody on my periscope
that's not what I do
I'd rather do the best job I could of
highlighting what makes them a good
choice so whoever is smart enough to to
complete the circuit and get on my
periscope you probably would have a
hundred thousand people at least look at
you and have a more positive opinion all
right so that's that's what I got going
on today
yeah McAfee would just be the best but
McAfee would be a full-frontal
entertainment from beginning to end I I
would love talking to him all right so I
will talk to you all later