boom pom pom oh don't don't don't um
Duncan hey everybody I thought I was
alone but I see hundreds of you
streaming in because you know the coffee
doesn't taste as excellent as it does
when I drink coffee with you it's time
for the simultaneous hip everybody grab
your vessel of beverage and go for it
now many of you have messaged me
privately to say I don't know what it is
but when I have my beverage at the same
time that you do it tastes better that's
not an accident by the way I was
thinking of doing a periscope not today
on the psychology of food how to make
your food taste better with psychology
so forget about the seasonings in the
preparation that's important too but
there's a whole psychological part that
stuff I picked up when I owned
restaurants and a lot of its non-obvious
so I think I'll do that one of these one
of these days not today
so yesterday I got a message from hog
Newsom leader of black lives matter
Greater New York chapter and he sent me
a video clip somebody just took on the
phone it's sort of hard to hear but it's
a clip of hawk giving a speech to I'm
not sure exactly what group it was but
he was giving a speech and it was really
interesting first of all he's a great
speaker and secondly he made it
incredibly clear to the audience and
here's how he put it
he said black lives matter formed when
President Obama was president
after eight years of democratic control
and he said what what that basically
what the hell have they done for us you
know and and the message was that that
Democrats don't don't have the automatic
black vote and that they that they
haven't they haven't done enough to keep
their vote think about that have you
heard that before
that is a really powerful statement
because any saying it as clear as you
could possibly say you know well he
doesn't say it in these words so these
are my own words but should Republicans
step up with some policies some results
he's saying there's there's nothing to
stop us from voting Republican if you've
got a better plan that is what power
looks like because it's not power if
you're automatically going to vote
Democrat no matter what they do so he's
he's he's untapping he's sort of
unlocking this great potential it's it's
fun to watch I don't know if he's going
to tweet it but if he doesn't or retweet
that for you that was somebody said who
was that there was a hawk Newsome handed
black lives matter and of New York the
Greater New York Chapter probably their
most effective leader I I don't know
every leader of black lives matter but
my guess is he would be and I wanted to
run something by you I'm feeling all
good and optimistic after my talk
yesterday with with Bill pulled a which
I did on periscope I hope most of you
saw it it's it's my pin tweet and so
most of you know that bill Paul tase
blight Authority project they're
clearing out huge contiguous blocks of
blight and urban areas Detroit and
Pontiac and getting rid of all the crime
at the same time because once you take
it down to just land you know the crime
goes away because there's no place
and now there's an opportunity to
rebuild that into something and I was I
spent the entire day yesterday
brainstorming how to how to build maybe
residential homes that are optimized for
that etc bill followed up he said that I
think he's got about 30 messages from
people who saw the periscope offering to
help offering to buy land offering their
companies assistance
what do just about all of those people
have in common
well they watch this periscope they're
probably Trump supporters and they are
as they were spring-loaded to help if
they just had an opportunity that made
sense for the skills and the you know
the passions that they have and Bill's
project does that because it creates
this greenfield situation where
everybody can imagine Oh in this
situation I could I could contribute
this I could put an idea out there I
could invest so there's something
powerful about making it possible for
people to jump in and help so I promise
you in the title of this periscope that
I tell you how to solve racism now
racism you know he obviously you can't
make racism per se go away but you can
you can certainly do a lot to heal the
Great Divide which is that half of the
country believes that the other half are
racists now I think most of you on this
periscope because the the filtering
mechanism who of who watches this
doesn't think that's true and I think
it's a catastrophe the half of the
country is living with that
psychological burden which I can yeah
it's hard to even imagine try to put
yourself in that hand
imagine you you believed you were in the
country where half of the people just
freaking hated you or disrespected you
or something right
we I don't think we live in that country
I think we live in a country where there
are serious racists but fortunately
there it's a small number
so I wanted to propose this thought and
I think I'm safe and saying that the
majority of you watching are
conservatives or Trump Trump supporters
not all of you but you know
disproportionate number and let me put
this thought out here I'm gonna say at
once and then I'm just gonna let it hang
there for a while and look at your
comments because I want to see if you
agree or disagree all right because if
you don't agree then it's nothing if you
do agree it might be of something so
here's the thought race relations in the
United States will improve substantially
the moment that the left realizes that
the right would has greater respect for
greater respect for a black lesbian with
a job compared to a white guy who
doesn't have one and isn't looking for
one just read the comments
hey you see that yep now there's some
people who are saying no but I believe
that those people say now are not
answering for themselves I believe the
people in there only a few of you who
have disagreed the people who disagreed
I think you're saying I don't think
other people will agree with that I
don't believe there's anything anyone
here who disagrees with that statement
so so make sure you're answering for
yourself don't don't make an assumption
about other people yeah just just look
at the rarely rarely do you ever see
this much agreement all right so here's
the thing it's not about racism it's
about respect that's it if if the left
understood the right they would have an
airtight system for for creating the
world they want to live in what's what's
the world you want to live in if you
think you're in the world where half the
half the country is racist
what didn't you don't like that of
course what's the world you want to live
in the world you want to live in is one
where you have a strategy to make that
go away here's a strategy for making
that go away be a good citizen that's it
well you could ask the same question
that I asked you you could ask it a
whole variety of ways let me give you
another one if for this just talking
about conservatives and people on the
right with the people on the right have
more respect for a black person
following the law or a white person
violating the law it's easy all right if
you're talking about respect
conservative conservatives are very
consistent you know follow the
Constitution follow the law try to
contribute
and and I and you notice that I said try
to contribute not everybody can
contribute well we're not in a world
where everybody has the wherewithal the
the resources the opportunity of the
time
not everybody can contribute but you can
tell if people are trying you know or if
they're at least trying to reduce the
burden they have on other people for
conservatives and and I remind my
viewers I'm not one alright I appreciate
conservatives largely because of this
thing that I'm talking about the
conservatives have a code if you will
you know a way of looking at the world
which makes it really easy for them to
like you contribute do something useful
that's about it alright so to the extent
that you can change the frame from our
people racist are you more racist these
are unanswerable impossible to solve
problems because you're talking about
one person's mental state and another
person's mental state and I'm guessing
what you're thinking but I'm guessing
wrong the whole racism conversation is a
dead end there's nothing at the end of
the road there but respect is not only
easy to understand it's easy to achieve
so equality may be impossible because
everybody has a different idea of what
an equal situation is so even if
equality somehow were possible we
wouldn't agree that we were there nobody
can ever agree what's equal we just
we're just not built that way we can
never agree what's equal on any topic
you know is it equal that I pay a higher
percentage of my taxes than you do
because I'm rich or should I pay the
same dollar amount we could just argue
all day about what's equal you can never
you can never settle fair
you can never settle equal you can never
settle is this racist or is this not
racist
these are unsolvable problems so why not
have a problem that's solvable it's easy
how about we treat each other with
respect
best you can do treat everybody with a
respect and how hard is it to get
respect from the right doesn't matter
who you are just contribute now as we
saw with the bill Paul T's project the
urban blight project it's kind of rare
that I would do a periscope and and
somebody would get you know immediately
30 messages and growing of how can I
help I how can I contribute for
literally nothing in return that's a
rare situation but it's also it's common
in the sense that because there was
something people could imagine how they
can help it just became practical and so
when it was practical you saw that the
good impulses of people kick in people
have good impulses that are sort of
trapped in their own mental prison if
you will you know the the goodwill of
the people who or who have a good
situation in this world and I'm one of
them
it's a little bit trapped you know we'd
like to do more I wake up I swear to God
I wake up every morning thinking how
could I make the world a better place
and I see a lot of obstacles and it
defines what I can and can't do I try to
push through them but there are
obstacles so to the extent that there
are some obstacles to our our good
intentions it it hides the respect and
the goodness that people would like to
see on the right so what do what is the
left see from the right what what's in
front of them what what is it that they
notice most bad behavior right if you're
on the left and you you go on social
media and you look at what and
thing any anything anybody is saying on
the right what's it look like well it
looks like a bunch of right if
you're on the left and you're reading
social media and you're reading what the
right is saying you're saying what a
bunch of if you're on the right
and you're reading anything from the
left on social media what are you going
to think oh my god bunch of
right that's what's in front of our face
because we spend all day on social media
well we don't spend all day doing is
what bill pulled a is doing which is you
know fixing stuff he's actually making
the world better he's literally removing
urban blight right he's creating you
know great feelings and and feelings of
optimism and potential and all this but
if all you do is hang out on social
media you just think the other side are
just terrible people so here's my
solution if you want to end racism
change the frame to respect because
that's something we can measure and it's
easy to know whether you've achieved it
all right if you're staying in if you're
staying on the right side of the law and
you're trying you're in school you're
looking for a job you're you're seeking
mentors you're trying to figure out
what's wrong maybe you're working on
your health maybe you're helping
somebody else you're contributing you're
at least put it you're working in the
right direction you've got all the
respect that you you could you could
handle all right so let's make it easy
let's change the frame let's give each
other a little bit of respect
you could start on social media and if
you do oh my god what a world we could
be living in I know it's more fun to
fight back it's more fun to defend
yourself but try to stick with the ideas
try to show some respect
while disagreeing you can disagree as
aggressively as the situation requires
but you could do it respectfully and by
the way this is advice that I have not
taken for myself in the past
so I'm gonna take a make a concerted
effort to be a better person in terms of
how I present myself I don't think my
innards aren't any different but in
terms of how I present myself I'm going
to try to try to fix that up a little
bit so you're seeing the importance of
respect in the Kim jageun North Korea
situation and you see how powerful that
is you know taking people who are
literally you know a mortal enemies you
know North Korea and the United States
mortal enemies like literally on the
verge of wiping out each other and as
soon as one of them increased its
respect for the other this was President
Trump he simply allowed the respect to
to even out suddenly we're talking now
if you say to yourself my god this will
will not lead to a good result it I
don't know exactly why North Korea would
want to nuke us if we're being nice to
them you don't really nuke people who
are not at war with you and are trying
to help that's just not who you nuke now
I'm hoping that we'll be successful in
denuclearizing the peninsula but at the
very least if they start to see us as
being a helpful player we're headed in
the right direction but I think
denuclearization has to be the goal all
right I'll tell you I was very annoyed
at the Washington Post I don't know if
they were the first one to break the
story but they reported that that
president the chairman Kim so that's
that's the respectful name for him
apparently as chairman Kim
would have trouble paying for a hotel
room in Singapore now here's what I
think probably not true yeah that it
seems like it seems very unlikely that
that was true but secondarily even if
you thought it was true
what are you doing reporting that this
is this is real this is real sensitive
stuff and the president has clearly
indicated that a proper tone of respect
is what's gonna get us where we want to
go and and to me this is one of those
situations where it wouldn't matter if
it was a president Trump for President
Obama in this case he's operating as
commander-in-chief and he's very clearly
told the country what is the right tone
to set because the public opinion is is
connected with leadership in our country
you know Chairman Kim is not going to
want to make a deal with a leader who's
at odds with the people because the very
next president might reverse the deal so
it's pretty important that the public is
generally on the same side with the
president especially in showing respect
I saw that I saw that article in The
Washington Post and I said first of all
probably not true it probably faint news
and secondly so unhelpful that it just
shocks the conscience
I mean it's shocking I mean III read
that and I I wanted to retweet it but I
also didn't want to make a bigger deal
of it and and my head just was like whoa
what what team is the Washington Post on
you know are they trying to make the
world better now I get that you know you
could argue that it's news but it's not
the news that matters it's the news that
can only hurt should you report news
that can only make the world
worse you know that you could make an
argument that there's some news it's
hard to hear but we need to hear it
right it might be important to know it
even though it's unpleasant and can
cause some trouble that's still very gay
but if you have a news story that can
only make the world worse and
potentially really worse like nuclear
war worse and you say yeah that's good
enough let's publish that you just gotta
ask what team you're on you know this
isn't the time to kneecap the
commander-in-chief you know there's
plenty of time to get back to politics
once we get something good going with
North Korea you know nobody's going to
tell anybody to stay nice forever but
this is one of those times this is sort
of a rallying time this isn't to
undercut the president time and yes I
would say this no matter who the
president was alright just looking at
your comments
so somebody's saying what does a nuclear
deal look like well I'm no expert but if
there's any realistic chance of nuclear
war I would say that we've not achieved
what we wanted to to achieve there is no
objective standard for this we'll make
the world worse there right there's no
objective standard but the newest
business is a judgment business and I
think it would be easy to say the
something had a downside and no upside
that wouldn't be a hard determination
somebody said did Kanye help persuade
you for this summer of love idea I can't
say that I've thought of it in exactly
those terms but now that you've asked
the question I'd say yes the the fact
that Kanye said it makes makes it look
possible so you know why he did sort of
help people out of a little mental
prison and if the jailbreak is happening
then it changes my opinion of what's
possible you know before the jailbreak
if you will the mental jailbreak I would
have said it doesn't matter what you say
you know there's no place there's no
winning path here but once you see that
there's the potential for people to
think differently just think differently
I'm not even saying what they should
think or are thinking or anything just
just allowing themselves to say all
right what if just what if what what if
we allowed the Republicans and the
Democrats to compete for the black vote
and give us some policies and you know
we'll work with you well we'll help pick
the good ones will advise will help
implement what if talk about my CNN
tweet this morning yes there there was a
guest on CNN there was a clip in which
the I think her title was a CNN culture
critic or something like that something
about culture and she claimed in front
of two horrified CNN hosts that she was
specifically saying that everyone who
voted for Trump is a racist and you
could see that you could see the I
shouldn't laugh about this because it
was horrible
but the host could almost feel the the
ratings of CNN go down 25% and and never
come back that was the sort of opinion
that deserved I think in the in the
views of the public deserve more than a
raised eyebrow which is you know
effectively what she got they questioned
that you know they made sure they made
sure to clarify whether she really
really meant to say every Trump voter is
a racist and she doubled down you know
so they gave her an out they gave her a
trapdoor they said all right you said
something let's make sure you know what
you just said so that you could back it
up if you need to fair but it's it's
hard to imagine a view that would be
that damaging to CNN as a network that
they would let slide so in terms of a
business decision
it was just catastrophic in terms of how
the news should be presented that's up
to them but as a business decision to
unless somebody associated with their
network say that and to leave it
unchallenged except to make sure that
she had clarified it I don't know how
you get your ratings back after that so
I've seen a number of people asking me
if I can debate Van Jones you know I've
said before if Van Jones is one of the
best communicators in the anti-trump
world so I he did invite me on his show
once
when he when his new show was kicking
off I did get an invitation to be on it
which I appreciated but I would offend
to fly to New York to do that and it
didn't work with my schedule but I did
appreciate that invitation and yeah I
would talk to him you know any anytime
you wanted to if if it was you know we
probably have to do it electronically
but if we were in the same place
absolutely and for the reasons that you
stated that he feels like the most
credible voice on the left who also
agrees with you know the the general
theme over there right a lot of voices
on both the left and the right are in
agreement with say their side but they
don't feel credible they just feel like
teamplay the van looks like somebody
who's you know we're all we're all
influenced by by the team affect what he
looks like an independent thinker in my
opinion so that that's my take on him so
I would say he would be one of the most
credible people in the game and one of
the best communicators yeah he was
caught on tape and betting Russia was a
nothing burger yeah that's well he
wasn't caught on tape he's said it on
tape there's a big difference he wasn't
a secret meeting he knew he was being
recorded and he gave you an honest
opinion right
that wasn't a secret recording I don't
think so yeah van apparel he coined the
phrase white lash which is both clever
and not entirely wrong there very much
was a white lash it wasn't the whole
story but it was there oh so there's
somebody questioning whether there was a
white lash we'll keep in mind that I
don't talk in absolutes but clearly
there were white people who who were
saying we've had a black president
president let's try a white president
or things went too far or yeah we went
past fairness and we overshot the mark
that was real that was a real thing
I I couldn't put a size on it if you
told me that was you know ten percent of
people's thinking or 40 percent I
wouldn't have any way to to agree or
disagree but it existed it was a was a
variable and by the way it would be just
as fair to say that President Obama what
helped him get elected was that he was
black and he didn't make a big deal
about it like the the smartest thing
Obama ever did well that's not fair
because that lowers the bar too much he
did a lot of smart stuff but one of the
smart things he did that really stands
out is that he ran for president as a
black man who didn't make a big deal
about being a black man and that that
more than anything
allowed people to say thank goodness you
know you know where we want to we you
know we want to be open-minded about
stuff just make it easy for us just make
it easy for us to be open-minded and he
did so that was part of his genius I
know you don't like that but some of you
don't like it but in terms of politics
he was brilliant somebody saying that he
totally claimed it I think you mean
being a black man part he didn't deny it
and certainly he mentioned it but it but
in no way was an essential theme he he
minimized it obviously and intentionally
compared to Hillary Clinton who made as
a central point of her rate of her race
yeah of her campaign that she was a
woman that was a gigantic political
mistake had Hillary Clinton never once
said I'm a woman and that should matter
if she had never said that she would be
president
I don't remember hearing that on her
list of why she lost that's not on her
list right does she realize that if
she'd never mentioned being female that
she would be President quite easily in
my mind it would it would have been a
slam dunk oh it is on her list maybe it
is all right I think I've said enough
for today all right I'm reading a funny
comment that I'm not gonna report all
right that's it for today go out and
have a great day