did you do boom
yes I'm back again I just saw some great
examples of tells free cognitive
dissonance on CNN I was watching brian
Stelter show and I've been talking about
in a prior periscope had a spot
cognitive dissonance and one of the
towels that I mentioned was word salad
in other words sentences that make sense
in in at least in terms of sentence
structure but they don't actually make
sense you think they might if you hear
them quickly or you read them quickly
and you're bright your brain doesn't
quite process that they don't actually
make any sense I'm going to give you
three examples that are fresh off of CNN
just moments ago I tried to write these
down from memory so they're really close
but they're not exact wording one of
this was a pundit a anti-trump er
talking about the way President Trump
was talking about the NFL kneelers and
some other topics and what the pundit
said was about President Trump's
rhetoric you can't talk like that
without it reverberating around the
world what's that mean pretty much
everything the president says
reverberates around the world but did
the reverberation make my paycheck go
down I didn't notice did the
reverberation make North Korea less less
likely to make a deal my doubt it in
what way does the reverberating around
the world become a bad thing except in
your mind how does this actually
translate to the real world so it's true
that things the president says get into
the world and get a lot of attention but
that's just true of everything he says
where's the part where you've connected
the dots and say okay reverberating
around the world and then it made the
country of elbonia
you know send a nuclear weapon our away
and then we were all dead well what
exactly happened with this reverberating
problem all right
so when you see when you see somebody
respond with a complaint that makes
sense in terms of grammar I can read
this I know it it says I know what all
the words mean but there's actually
nothing there there's literally nothing
here here's another one so another
another guest in the same show saying
and I think I caught this sentence
approximately right that the things that
the president does such as criticize the
criticize the admit that was one of the
examples is hinting at authoritarianism
what's that mean you know we live in a
world in which the president is
regularly checked by the Supreme Court
by Congress by the people by popular
opinion we see him change his name based
on all of those forces they're very much
the opposite of anything that would look
like an authoritarian what hinting at
authoritarianism probably means is that
you're reminded of it here's another
example of something that reminds you of
other things
whenever I see a picture of the
Washington Monument I'm reminded of a
penis but there are very few other
things that are the same about the
Washington Monument and the penis I'm
just reminded every time I say it yeah
big tall thing makes me think of a penis
when the president criticizes the media
do you know what that reminds me of
the first amendment he could say
anything he wants we can all say
anything we want
and guess what I hate saying guess what
but I say it anyway it didn't really
hurt anything yeah nobody died because
the president criticized the media I do
think that the country and maybe the
world has gone to a higher level of
awareness our higher level of awareness
is that the news is not a legitimate
player they have an agenda they're part
of the political process
now there's also news that's real news
and real facts and that's built into the
news business but President Trump has
raised our awareness to an accurate
state where we're very questioning about
what is fake news and what is not is it
authoritarianism to bring us to a higher
level of awareness about our existence
which is legitimately true is that
authoritarian to use his free speech to
say this isn't working very well let me
talk about that if that reminds you of
authoritarianism maybe the problems in
your mind here's another one I'm not
sure who said this but it brought some
some version of this is that the
president's lying should be treated as a
crisis situation because again because
the economy went down because he thought
he said there were more people at his
rally than the fact checkers believe
what exactly is not working and what
crisis are we talking about the words
all work I know what the sentence means
well I will see it
it's these so these are three examples
of sentences that make sense but if all
you have is imagining what's in his mind
and imagining that in ways that you can
explain
there might be some reverberating and
some crisis happening and some
authoritarianism happening but you can't
give any direct example of how that made
us you know lose money caused us to be
less safe in the world tied it to any
one of our hopes and dreams and showed
us how it made it worse if they can do
that then you have my attention because
why shouldn't we make anything worse but
I would submit that these are not
conclusive because it doesn't work that
way but certainly highly suggestive of a
certainly Flags for possibly tells for
cognitive dissonance meaning that the
critics of the president are an at a mo
if they had real things to criticize him
for he made this bad decision and look
what that did to the economy he made
this bad decision and look what that did
to Isis winning that battle if those
things existed you should expect that he
would that the critics would be talking
about those things if you don't have
enough ammo you don't have real good
stuff all you have left is something
reverberating and I don't like it
there's a lot of reverberating happening
and I think the reverberating could be a
crisis because it's reminding us that
the Washington Monument looks like a
penis no I mean it hints at
authoritarianism if that's all you got
it's gonna be a bad 2018 midterm
election so I was going to keep this
quick that's all I that's all I have for
now