oh I just hit my elbow on my computer
hey everybody come on in it's time for
the evening edition of no coffee with
Scott Adams because you don't need any
caffeine now no what you need is to
cleanse the palate of your brain of all
those bad and destructive ideas all that
tension all this stress that you've been
dealing with all day
let it go tonight just good thoughts for
the rest of the night for example did
you know that the rem desert here got
approved by the FDA for some kind of
immediate use that's pretty good and did
you hear that Kim Jong Il apparently
attended at least the report is the kim
giman actually attended i think
yesterday the opening of a fertilizer
plant now what it didn't say is that he
attended as a guest or did he attend as
the actual fertilizer so that part was a
little unclear so we still don't know
exactly what's going on with Kim jong-un
so hold on to that thought I'd like to
show you something
well actually if you haven't heard Alex
Jones the GiftA clip that's going around
about cannibalizing his neighbor have
you all heard that well you're gonna
hear it so this is Alex Jones talking
about how if things get bad he's totally
gonna eat his neighbor's ass I've
extrapolated this out and I won't have
to for a few years food stuff
my neighbors
[Music]
Oh Alex Jose thank you for that all
right
do you follow what NIDA Broderick on
Twitter so she's accused President
Clinton of rape I think and but she's
pretty witty on Twitter and she says
there's one positive outcome to Biden
being the Democrat nominee we won't have
to hear it continually bitching about
why he lost you won't remember this is
Juanita Broderick it was it was
unloading on Biden all right I have a
recommendation for you if you're trying
to figure out this little coronavirus
stuff and are you a little frustrated as
I have been that you keep seeing these
charts and graphs and you're not quite
sure if you should believe any of it
because I'm not the point where it
doesn't matter who shows me the chart
doesn't matter what context I see it
doesn't matter what sources are named
the first thing the first thing I think
is
not so sure about that no matter what it
is it's just my first instinct is like
probably that you know if I if I had to
bet if I had to bet without knowing
anything about your data you're just
showing it to me for the first time I
don't even know where it's from you say
it's from authoritative sources you've
named your sources here's the URL I can
check it myself I get it still not so
sure so all of our data is just crap
right now everything's just ridiculous
garbage but it's not stopping people
from being certain that they can read
these you know these these entrails and
that they can make something out of it
like horoscopes so everything that we
think are these data-driven decisions
well in principle yeah we're making
data-driven decisions hypothetically
yeah we're making a lot of data-driven
decisions in our imagination and we're
also making data-driven decisions in the
future but I'll tell you what we haven't
done yet is making a data-driven
decision because how could we all the
data is just crap and the the most
frustrating part is watching people so
certain that they can compare one
country to another and here's one of
those situations where I wanted to call
BS on it I mean I tried but there's some
topics that I can't penetrate because I
don't have standing meaning that why
would you believe me if I said that
somebody whose data is wrong like really
why would you believe me it wouldn't
make sense unless I could point to
something specifically and often I can't
I just look at it and I say to myself I
don't know what's wrong with this but I
definitely don't trust it
so that's sort of where I am that's not
very helpful but so I recommend
following nate silver you all know nate
silver right
famous for statistics and 5:38 is his
website and he of course for
conservatives we've loved too
I say we because I'm in this
conversation we'd love to make fun of
him because he famously predicted that
at one point that there was a only a 2%
chance that Trump could win the
presidency so I predicted there was a
98% chance he would win now that worked
out well for me
and then people said haha cartoonist
gets the right status statistician gets
it wrong and of course I played to that
because it was it was fun to talk about
it that way that's not exactly what
happened because as I will say often and
it's worth saying again what neh silver
does is tell you the odds which is not
the same as telling you what's going to
happen so for example what I gave you
the odds that I think it's a 60% chance
that the hydroxychloroquine is not all
it was cracked up to be
40% chance it is I'm not predicting that
it's not I'm telling you the odds before
he presents a pretty big chunk so if it
goes you know if it goes in the in the
other way you can't really say that the
person who predicted the odds was wrong
because even in the in the case of Dave
silver he did say there was a 2% chance
that Trump would win and sometimes 2%
happens that's that's how sistex works
so I've of course had fun because you
know that weren't that went in my
direction that one time but if you're
trying to understand the graphs that
you're seeing in the statistics
especially the ones comparing countries
he's the best one to follow because he
doesn't get too technical and he just
says you know I don't think you can
compare these here's why this looks like
it's misleading and here's why and I
think if he does the best job of now if
you do follow a nate silver and a te
silver
and he said nate silver 538 is on
twitter and he's you have the most
famous statistician if if I can call
them that I'm not sure if he uses that
label for himself but and he was you
sort of warning people on Twitter not to
compare us to Sweden and and even that
there's a parallel to compare us to any
other country but what silver was saying
is that you can't really it there's
nothing that's jumping out as
statistically true about the decisions
that we're making versus other countries
because it seems that people are doing
all kinds of different things and
getting sort of similar results so
that's that's sort of the insight that I
was looking for like that's what I was
feeling but when he put it into words
you know because he's smarter about that
stuff when he put it in words I was like
oh yeah yeah I'm seeing that everybody's
doing all kinds of different things and
yet the outcomes are pretty similar with
the few exceptions of the hot spots if
you take out the hot spots as he
recommends everything looks about the
same no matter what you do and what's
that tell you I don't know if it tells
you anything but it's worth noting that
it doesn't well at the context that he
was talking about if I can I hope I
accurately convey this the context is
that everybody who says if you do X
you'll get a better result and Nate is
pointing out that people are doing all
kinds of things and no matter what they
do they're getting similar results so it
is almost certainly true that whatever
you thought was that thing that needed
to be done probably isn't the thing
because if there were some one variable
that was jumping out as the thing to do
then the people doing that would have
great results the other people wouldn't
it would be obvious so follow Nate he
can sort it out for it
I was right after a few days or a day
after I was telling you that the
president was really getting his groove
in talking about the coronavirus because
I said that he'd found this new
discipline where no matter what the
question is or no matter what he's going
to talk about he first says you know
losing even one life is too much it's a
tragedy for the victims and then he'll
go and make his point and that
inoculates him because he first shows
empathy of how bad things are for
everybody
and then he talks about his point and I
said you know that's keeping him out of
trouble
so apparently he lost that discipline
today and he made one comment about the
number of people who might die the being
in the 6070 hundred thousand range and
and I guess the context was he was
saying that we're doing pretty well and
so Joe Walsh who was the anti-trump er
gets on and you know he's all offended
on Twitter that the president could act
like it's a victory to lose a hundred
thousand people or worse than that
effect and I thought god that is the
lowest level of punditry
and politics it's it was so obvious it's
sort of like something a 6th grader
could have done you know just waiting
for that all these common hackneyed
overused attacks did he forget to say in
front of the sentence this one time out
of a thousand that every death is too
much did oh wait there was this one time
yeah there was just one time he didn't
say it before the sentence and so that
means he's a monster who wants a hundred
thousand people to die and he's a
narcissist he only cares about himself
because at one time I mean seriously Joe
Walsh I mean it seriously and I'm not
even I'm not even bothered by it because
he's his opinion disagrees with mine or
you know I don't think it's appropriate
or something or even that is harmful
because it's so ridiculous because
you know it's totally inert what it is
is so boring that I just think you
should never talk in public and if
you're that boring it's like really
that's the most obvious thing to say
it's dumb nobody believes that anyway
let's talk about something fun I spent a
great deal of time in my garage trying
to invent things that are totally
impractical and I want to run through
something just for fun to make you think
about something that maybe you can
improve on here are two known
technologies that I have melded together
so for example one way if you look at
this as the left side and the right side
these are different technologies on the
Left we've got a lake that pumps water
up to a mountain reservoir and then when
you need need electricity
you let that water flow back down
through a generator back into the lake
now of course that alone would not be a
good system because the energy it would
take to pump it up hill would almost
certainly be more than the energy that
you could create pumping it down so this
would work if you have some other source
that is not dependable at night and the
only thing you're trying to do is give a
little night's electricity but how do
you get that well there's another
technology called a heat chimney and it
has to do with the fact that heat wants
to rise so if you had for example let's
say this is a mountains so on the left
of the mountain you've got this
reservoir and this system of storing
water that you can later release to
create energy through a generator but on
the other side you've got air so you're
heating the air and doesn't have to be a
hot house but I drew it that way imagine
there's like a mile long hot house the
Sun is going through the glass and into
the stone surface heating it up that hot
air has to go somewhere so it goes up
this long tube it turns a generator
similar to a window would work but you
know a generator and then the air goes
out into the atmosphere now the second
thing that this can
and it's been and by the way I'm not
inventing this these are existing things
I'm just sort of putting them together
one of the things you could do is use
this hot air system to scrub the air to
remove pollution they think you could
remove co2 I'm not sure about that but
you can at least scrub the pollution out
because forcing things through a filter
is sort of the way you do it at least
one way to do it so if you could create
a system that would have hot air going
up that would operate most of the day at
night so you could actually get that to
work through most of the night because
there's always a differential between
the valley and the top of the hill so as
long as there's a differential you've
got an airflow so one of these will work
all night and that can create enough
electricity maybe to help pump some
water up if you've got some extra and
then the two of these can feed a town
now forget about whether this would work
exactly there's a there's a larger point
here the larger point is I think that
the future is building inexpensive
places to live in which you've designed
the entire town this is almost never
done design is usually limited to the
the specific let's say industry so for
example a a builder and an architect
might might design a house but and they
might maybe design a little neighborhood
but they're not designing the whole town
towns sort of get built up over time
most of the time so it's you know you
just do what you can given the
constraints but if you started from
scratch to build the most efficient
well-designed city that was the perfect
place to live everybody would want to be
there you don't even need a car you've
got free electricity or it's close to it
so and you've got good weather so if
you're going to locate this this new
town that will be the future town that's
well-designed so it's really an
expensive
rate both of those things yeah and
somebody's saying in the comments
nuclear you could do something similar
simply by having nuclear power and let's
say generation four so in all these
cases you're deciding on your location
you're making sure you've got the right
kind of weather and temperature from
what you're trying to build and make
sure you have a water source and the
energy source so let's say you can find
lots of places that meet this test in
the United States where you could build
a city then how would you do it I think
it needs to be some kind of massive
coordinated wiki sort of situation
because there are so many skills
involved that's why it's never been done
I think I think there it would take so
many different kinds of engineers to to
coordinate it would be hundreds of them
it would just be really hard but once
you got it going probably each of the
modules could be adjusted for example
some of the engineers might be doing
waste treatment some of the engineers
might be just making sure everybody has
Wi-Fi but those are all little modules
so you could always say okay we get a
better way to do the Wi-Fi we've got a
better way to treat the waste and you
know you trade those out but the point
is you could design a city that was
super cheap and super good at the same
time somebody says it sounds horrible
what about this would sound horrible
it's it's something that literally
hasn't been designed yet all right so
then Solar will only be four times as
expensive as current electric generation
well I'm not here to argue the pros and
cons of the different power sources I'm
just saying that it's fun to think
through the ideas of how you could go
about that and I'm pretty sure that if
you designed a town really well it would
be better to live in than anything that
anybody lives today and way way cheaper
and I think that that's the future it's
going to happen
once you have the design finalized you
don't need the engineers anymore that is
incorrect
sounds like you have not worked around
technology
you never don't need the engineers
because things are continually breaking
and needing upgrades and fixes and a
problem shooting you might need fewer of
them well probably not even that you
always need the engineers so he says
Germany has done that well I'd be
interested to know when that happened
because we can do it now way better
what is the value of money in a future
that doesn't require it well that's a
big question there you need someone
managing the backend yeah you definitely
need somebody managing the whole thing
you forgot about power transmission
lines yeah well you could use power
transmission lines but you lose a lot of
power Scott loves campus housing
I love alternative alternative housing
so I'm not trying to put any of you in
any kind of special housing you know the
the Conservatives who were in my
audience or so primed to look for
socialism wherever they can find it that
you see it even where it isn't so if I
say hey you can do anything you want
live anywhere you want but also some
other people want to might want to
choose these these kinds of options
that's not exactly socialism that's
everybody can choose anything they want
and it's the market wants cheap housing
it will it will have it yeah there's
lots of net-zero housing but I believe
that the cost of building that stuff and
the fact that they use solar panels and
stuff there's a lot of disadvantages of
those typically when you see something
like a zero energy house all of the
design was done by the the Builder but
but is that the best way to have
electricity is the best way that each
house generate
it's own maybe but if you designed the
whole city maybe maybe you have one
place that generates electricity be it
you know be it a central site with say
nuclear or something else all right an
interesting comment is the herd
management goal large-scale campus life
I don't know what that means
tampa bail houses are the best somebody
says you know i looked into all of those
alternate alternative building things
when i built my house now this was ten
years ago but some things haven't
changed and people kept telling me you
know use these hay bales some kind of
different hay bales and you put them in
your walls and you'd build up the thing
but you started looking into all these
alternative technologies and you find
stuff like yeah this hay is really good
insulation that doesn't cost much it's
not really that hard to build but it'll
be filled with rodents and I think the
straw becomes less effective as an
insulator over time I know something
happens to it it degrades or bugs get in
there and eat it so it turns out if you
actually if you try to build your hippie
house you won't be happy and in five
years bugs will lead it yeah so there
are a lot of these new technologies and
then the other problem is that you would
never you would never get code approval
you would never find a builder who knew
how to build it
yeah they all sound good but if you try
to build anything that's not standard
stuff doesn't happen now you here's my
other idea my other idea is that you
design a bunch of rooms that are
standard designs but they're the best
ones because you've seen a million
different kitchens right but it's not
true
that they're all just as good there are
some designs for how you design a living
room a bedroom etc that are just better
there's no doubt about it some some room
sizes are better so you come up with
yeah
do a bunch of testing and you come up
with the sizes that are the best you
might have a few varieties you know two
or three different choices but they're
all standardized and there are also 1
foot square sizes so if somebody wanted
to build it themselves or keep the
construction cost down every part of the
house you'd never have to cut anything
because the whole town would have access
to 1 foot square pieces for the floor
and let's say for the ceiling let's say
maybe from the walls and it doesn't have
to be just one point squares but the
point is that there's no situation where
you'd ever have to cut any material
everything could be built by taking it
and putting it where it belongs because
all the rooms would be designed to be
the exact size of existing things and
that that alone would probably lower the
cost by 30% 40% somebody says the best
room designs become dated pretty quickly
I agree and that's why you would want to
have the option to redesign your home
fairly easily once it's been built and
if everything is modular you could take
out of your floor and say hey I think I
want this to be a different kind of room
and put it in a different floor without
cutting anything nothing would ever be
cut how much is Lego paying me yeah I'm
being paid paid by big Lego you know I
don't know if modular homes will ever be
as the trouble with modular homes is
that they require that the labor happens
in the factory and if the labor turns
out to be the expensive part I think you
could find situations where people could
build their own homes
maybe not the hard parts you know there
might be something that they can't do
like framing or the basement but for all
the walls and floors and stuff the
homeowner could build it themselves all
they need is the pieces
do you like vertical farming I don't
know that anybody's figured out how to
make it economical I actually have an
investment in an indoor farm company
that's doing well actually don't build
where there is freezing and thawing yeah
that would be one of the main concerns
correct what happened to geothermal so
geothermal is a perfect example of a
technology that works better if you
design the city because if you try to do
geothermal for your one house it just as
an economical but if you are trying to
do geothermal for an apartment complex
or let's say college campus or or a city
you would do it efficiently because you
you know you would have common systems
and stuff and you would do it once
before everything got built so that's
why you designed it from scratch all
right that's all I got for now you've
had enough of me today
somebody says they built their house and
it was a nightmare yeah have you seen
the Elon Musk tweets today people are
wondering what's going on he said the
Tesla stock was too high so it went down
he said he's his girlfriend's having his
baby on Monday he said that he's selling
all of his property in his possessions
and people are saying wha what's going
on I don't know maybe we'll never know
but that's all for now I'm more swearing
before bed please not tonight I'm in a
good mood tonight and I will see you in
the morning