we should probably do some kind of a
show today I know that's why you're
here and uh as soon as I see my comments
come
up there they
are it's
[Music]
showtime good morning everybody and
welcome to the highlight of human
civilization it's called coffee with
Scott Adams and if you're if you'd like
to take this experience which is already
better than anything you've ever felt up
to a level that you won't even be able
to explain to your
grandchildren all you need for that is a
copper muger glass a tankered chalice or
Stein a canteen Jugger flask a vessel of
any kind fill it with your favorite
liquid I like coffee and join me now for
the unparallel pleasure of the dope mean
head of the day thing makes everything
better it's called the simultaneous sip
and it's going to happen now
go oh my God that feels
good sometimes that sip is exactly what
you need well I've got a theme
today the theme will
be data isn't
real and uh you won't believe that I can
proof that point not today
I'm going to have to work on you but
eventually you're going to learn that
all data that matters is fake and always
has
been all right so here's some health
related things apparently cigarette
smoking is at an 80-year low according
to the Gallop poll that's good
news an 80-year low in smoking that
that's got to be good for your health
care expenses and everything else
and I was thinking uh when I read that
what was the last time you saw somebody
under the age of 30 with a regular
physical cigarette not a vape but a
physical
cigarette what was the last time you saw
that it might be a California thing
because I saw somebody from a Southern
state saying I see it all the time in
California it's not like I I don't
really see a lot of young people I mean
I'm not really in that in that mode
but I don't see it
outdoors I don't see anybody under 30
taking a smoke break I just never see it
so now obviously my personal experience
is not
generalizable but it does seem to me um
and I've asked this question the young
people are pretty much not finding it
cool at
all there's a publication called the
medical marketing and media they did a
story about RFK Jr's voice problems as
you know most of you know RFK Jr has the
same voice problem that I once had
called spasmodic
dysphonia now does my voice sound like
RFK Junior's no does my voice sound
relatively normal yes it does but I read
this article this article about RFK Jr's
voice problem spasmodic dysphonia and it
says there's no cure
huh why is it that you can hear my
voice because I am cured so not only
does it say there's no cure then it
describe it describes the actual surgery
I had that cured me it's called
denervation innervation where they they
cut a little uh little uh nerve
Connection in your neck that connects
your brain to your vocal cords they just
sever it and put it in a new connection
and when the new
connection you know is fully uh active
it takes I don't know two months or
something um then you can talk again and
it takes a while before you can talk
well but that's a cure and the reason I
got the surgery is
because I talked to other people who
could talk normally who also got the
Cure now how in the world i' I've told
you this story before about how articles
on this condition say that there's no
cure but this is the oddest one yet it
says there's no cure in direct
language and then it describes the
surgery that cured me what's up with
that that that one's hard to even hold
in your head like how how did you get
there but uh if you think that the
medical news is accurate
well you remember a Gil Man Amnesia
Gman Amnesia is when you're an expert on
a topic and you could tell that all the
news on it is wrong but you wouldn't
know right I I happen to be
unfortunately I'm an expert on this
topic from a from a sufferer's
perspective and but if you're not and
you don't know anybody who ever had that
condition you would read that article
and say oh this is so tragic there's no
cure
but I know there's a cure you're
listening to it so every time you read a
medical article just keep this in mind
whenever somebody knows the topic they
can look at that same article and say h
no you got some big things wrong
there but AI will save us all apparently
uh there's a study of an AI model that
can detect diseases in people with 98%
accuracy just by looking at
their do you know what how this
ends the AI can detect a disease in a
person with 98% accuracy by looking at
their
what
tongue apparently your
tongue uh has a lot of tells so it it
there's a certain cancer look and I
guess there's there's a look for a bunch
of other diseases now I don't think it
I'm pretty sure it can't detect every
kind of disease but some of the big
ones it can do pretty well apparently
there's some ancient Chinese uh medical
process that involves looking at tongues
but it didn't have science behind it and
now it does well little North Korea is a
reopening for tourism first time in four
years I didn't know it was open four
years ago did you did you ever once
think to yourself you know got a
vacation coming up how about North Korea
no probably never thought that but if
you'd like to do that you can go to
North Korea they're opening their
borders for
tourism now I'm going to say for the
millionth time in the world of robots
and Ai and who knows what's
coming there's maybe one thing that
cannot be replaced by any of
that which is a physical Human
Experience so if you're in the if you're
in the business of providing a phys
physical human
business you're probably safer than if
you had some manual labor job that a
robot will someday
do and I think that the United States as
a critical
future um strategy to survive in the
world should try to Brand itself
immediately as the best travel
destination so we should just make sure
America has you know connected bicycle
trails and you
uh just easy to travel here and if you
get here you can see you know various
different sites maybe we should even
build something that's specifically
built just because it would be cool to
come visit and look at it but we need to
become the cleanest
environment with the easiest way to
travel that everybody in the world wants
to visit and take a holiday here because
I don't know what else you could do in
the future that will be competitive well
of course and you'd help other people
have money to travel maybe that'll be a
problem but I'd love to see like big
canals where you could just get on a
boat and end up somewhere else and
bicycle paths which are being built by
the way across the country but you can
expand that massively because of
ebikes I think we should be the
ebike
destination that you just come here rent
an ebike and you can go anywhere you
want that's what I think North Korea too
there's a uh there's a account on X
that's relatively new that uh does
nothing but track the Kam Harris lies so
if you want to follow that so you can
keep up on you know the whole list of
what she says every day that's a lie uh
the URL for that is well the the X
handle for that is a comma HQ lies all
one word Kamala h Q lies put that in and
follow them they're growing like crazy
but uh they'll they'll show you a debunk
of the fine people hoax and all of her
classic
hoaxes
anyway um so as you know the Harris
campaign is running against Trump and
saying that he's a big old liar and
that's one of the main reasons you
should vote for her because of her her
her honesty I guess compared to Trump
now I'm not going to be the one who says
that Trump passes all of the fact Jacks
I'm going to be the one who tells you
can you name anything that you believe
was a trump
lie that hurt somebody either hurt the
country or hurt you because of because
of a lie can you think of anything I
can't so apparently whatever Trump is
doing is more salesperson lies you know
hyperbole directionally correct
you know moves you in the right
direction doesn't hurt you for sure but
compare that to the Harris lies so both
she and Biden pushed the fine people
hoax this week the most debunked hoax
now I can't imagine anything that is
more racially dangerous than pushing the
fine people oax that is a seriously
dangerous
hoax and also the hoax that Biden was
sharp as attack for the last year
that's a KL Harris lie and and she
should have been the one whose job it
was to make sure that we knew that and
she took care of it um those are really
big lies and I think that they put the
country in serious danger can if anybody
can come up with an
equivalent just for argument sake
somebody to like put it in my face and
say Scott you fool you claim that
Trump's law are or harmless you know
just hyperbole but what about this one I
might be wrong so if anybody could give
me a counterargument so I don't keep
hanging out here with my dumb argument
tell me if you can anything that Trump
has said that you think was
untrue that was a
problem yeah
so I think the worst lying is from the
Biden Harris campaign but maybe the
highest number of fact check problems
come from Trump that's probably true now
the the interesting thing is that uh I
always thought that Trump was at a
higher level of awareness than other
people because I think he was simply
aware that you didn't need to be that
accurate as long as you directionally
correct you could kind of just throw
anything at the wall because the public
isn't paying attention the news is fake
you know people just want to feel that
you're pushing him in the right
direction and I think he's good at
that all right apparently uh Tim wals
just think about this the fine people
thing is accusing Trump of praising
neo-nazis but never happened it's just
completely made up but here's something
that's apparently real uh that Tim wals
once praised this Muslim cleric who
apparently uh had promoted Hitler at one
point and had refused to condemn the
October 7th Hamas attacks he even called
this Muslim cleric at one point a master
teacher now I assume that the part where
he called him a master teacher happened
before he was aware that the Muslim
cleric was a little bit priller a little
bit pramas I don't know how much but at
least a little
bit so I'm not sure that Tim wlson knew
what he was
praising but he probably needs to clean
that up he might need to
you know adjust his public statements
about this
character meanwhile CNN did just the
grossest most clumsy fake news they they
took a uh part of the conversation
between musk and Trump uh wildly out of
context just so obviously
wildly ridiculously
dishonest so there was a part where uh
musk and Trump were talking about the
dangers of nule nulear power and uh they
were trying I think one of them maybe
Trump was trying to make the uh point
that even
Chernobyl um as bad as it was it
eventually becomes no not Chernobyl he
was talking about uh uh Hiroshima nezaki
and that uh they were essentially the
cities were
rebuilt so however bad you think the
nuclear waste or nuclear radiation is
it's not the end of everything as bad as
it is and that was sort of a point about
nuclear power that nuclear
power maybe is not as scary as you
thought now it's the worst comparison
ever Trump should never ever compare
nuclear power which is all good and none
of the there there's no such thing as a
modern nuclear power plant that's ever
had a meltdown the ones that you know of
were previous engineered versions
versions two and one but version three
which is what the world has been
building for quite a few years never had
a meltdown and the new generation four
after that um can't have them they would
be designed so they couldn't melt down
under any condition even if they lost
power
so uh I would never use that comparison
of anything about nuclear war with
anything about nuclear energy you should
just never put them in the same
conversation so I think that was a
mistake by Trump's part to use that
example but it was used in the in the
service of saying that regular domestic
nuclear power should not be as scary as
some people think it would
be CNN turned to took it out of context
and made it look like he was saying that
nuclear war was not that big a deal
Ju Just hold that in your mind what he
said very clearly if you listen to the
whole context was that nuclear
energy isn't as scary as you think
somehow they turned that
into talking about uh like a nuclear war
or a
meltdown uh you know something that
would be like an actual attack on a
city would be somehow in the same
conversation all right that's so that's
that's see andn Dana Bash uh I don't
think Dana Bash could be considered a
news person by any stretch of the
imagination uh KL Harris is apparently
using Google ads to to make it look like
the advertisement is a news story but
she's tweaking the headlines of actual
news stories so apparently it's legal
it's just
unethical and the the news is telling us
that Trump is not doing
it and I think he's not doing it because
it's unethical it's literally just lying
with search results so it's basically a
way to fool the person who searched into
thinking they hit news or they saw some
news articles but they're actually just
paid paid results by the Harris campaign
that just isn't obvious unless you
you're looking for the I assume it says
probably some indication that it's paid
for I hope um but it would eily fool
people into thinking they're real all
right here are some things that Harris
needs to explain if she ever talks to
the Press you know why did she hide
Biden's Health why are they using the
the most debunked hoax in the world
somebody needs to ask them why are you
using the most debang hes now Joel
Pollock asked that question of Biden and
he just did some major lying about it
but we need to see what Harris says
about it um we need to ask Harris about
why she once said she wanted to free all
all the illegal immigrants by closing
the detention centers she wanted to
close all the detention centers which in
effect would be releasing everybody into
the
country she's got to explain why she
once wanted Universal Health Care which
by the way I don't hate I I know you do
but as long as there was also a private
option maybe there maybe there's room
for that in the world I like to get to
everybody as healthc care one way or the
other anyway uh but she has to explain
why she was once for it but now she's
against it and I think she needs to
defend price caps because Biden's talked
about price caps and I think she's
mentioned the same now price caps as
every e Economist knows will destroy
civilization it's not just a little bit
dangerous price caps are the end of
capitalism it's basically a uh a
shortcut to socialism it's just the
government telling what the what the
company can charge and that puts the
company out of business the example of
that is the insurance business in
California so during the pandemic or
maybe it was when the forest fires were
big in California the uh insurance
commissioner of the state told insurance
companies that they couldn't raise
prices the insurance company said uh but
you understand we wouldn't even be close
to profitability because the our losses
are so high now the actual claims that
uh if we don't change our prices by like
40% or some gigantic number we can't
offer insurance at
all and California I guess hung tough
and whole bunch of insurance companies
that used to serve the state just
stopped do you know what the house
insurance for my house
is $43,000 a year
I just priced it yesterday
$43,000 a year and that's because price
gaps drove most of the industry out of
the state and then I believe the the
insurance commissioner got flexible
because literally nobody could get
insurance at least for larger houses uh
there there's some kind of California
plan that will cover a smaller
house but price gaps are deadly it
destroys entire Industries now how how
can people just stay in California if
they can't get insurance or can't afford
it you can't even live here if you can't
get insurance let me say that again you
can't live in a state where you can't
get insurance you can't you have to
leave now I I don't think California
could be more poorly managed than that I
mean you could have literally asked
anybody what would happen if you put a
price gap on
insurance anybody could tell you what
would happen it's the same with Pharma
it's the same with everything price gaps
bad idea so she needs to be held to
account on that let me give you an
update on this whole thing where the
Democrats have
successfully uh turned K Harris's
cackling into a joy narrative oh look
how happy and joyful and positive and
optimistic this campaign is makes you
want to smile just look look am look
there's kamla dancing she's dancing
she's smiling she's laughing they're
full of joy and wouldn't you like some
of that in your life huh huh wouldn't
you like some Joy elect her now I think
it works as much as I like to make fun
of it totally
successful but there's a little bit of a
problem in that I don't think it works
for a p Choice it totally works for
kamla because it explains her cackle in
a way that seems
reasonable um but he's got a creepy
smile and you can't you can't combine
the uh the joy idea which works
perfectly for KL Harris it doesn't
really work for her VP choice because
he's just got that weird eyes don't
match the mouth smile that just creeps
the heck out of me I just every time I
see it I go oh what what is he hiding
what's what what what is the real story
behind this guy now maybe there's no no
real story at all you know maybe he's
just just an American Patriot and he's
worked his way up and he's done
everything he'd want an American to do
joined the military to get a to get uh
get his education you stayed employed
helped people get ahead you a lot of
good things you could say about him and
I don't have any evidence of any bad
thing but wow if that creepy smile is
just hiding nothing I'd be
surprised well meanwhile axio is
catching up with me from 5 years ago and
talking about how the election has
turned into a boys versus the girls the
girls of course being the Democrats and
the boys of course being the Republicans
so um according to New York Times Sienna
College poll Harris has a 14-point lead
over Trump among likely Women Voters 14o
lead among women but Trump has a
17-point lead among men
um those almost cancel out because I
think more women vote I don't know if I
don't know if that's true but I think
women vote a little more
often so you know that those two come
pretty close to cancelling out but Trump
maybe has a onepoint lead or
something so I'm going to say my
provocative thing
again if you want everybody to be
happy except for the super woke
maybe they would be happy too actually I
can to suggest something that should
make all Americans happy but nobody will
agree with
me that that's the fun part it would be
the greatest solution none of you will
agree I I I suspect 100% of you will
disagree with what I'm going to
say our country would be better off if
men handled the federal questions of
National Defense like the Border and
whether we go to war if men handled the
federal
questions about security both border and
War and women stayed out of it now not
legally staying out of it I'm not saying
that women can't vote I'm not saying
that I'm not saying women shouldn't
write opinion pieces of course they can
everybody's a free person but we'd be
better off if men took the lead with
physical security of the
country and we'd also be better off
here's where you're going to disagree
with me if women take the lead on
deciding what is legal and what is not
for abortion in their
states so women taking the dominant role
again men can still
vote men can still make opinions on
abortion they can write articles they
can say things on social media that's
fine but women should be the dominant
voice in the states for abortion now if
you say to me but but but Scott then I
won't get it what I want now probably is
going to be exactly the same whether men
are involved or not because I think the
the male percentages and the female
percentages are not so different so if
you just said you know what women I
think it would be smart and good for the
country good for us good for not being
divided
if you take the lead now of course in
the real world spouses are pretty
connected so you know if you said to
your your spouse hey you know what honey
I think maybe you should take the lead
on this you know your opinion is still
going to be baked into your spouse's
opinion a little bit you know one hopes
so it's not like you would be completely
out of the loop where you know you
couldn't say what you wanted to say I'm
just saying we'd all be better off if we
took this on of politics
and say what if you took the politics
out and you're just trying to figure out
what makes sense put the men in front of
in charge of physical security because
they have more skin in the game go to
the Border are there more men or women
putting themselves In Harm's Way men go
to the military and of course you know
they're men and women in both
organizations of course um mostly men
putting themselves In Harm's Way but
what about abortion
abortion is mostly the woman taking the
you know big part of the physical risk
of course there's a you know The Unborn
is a big part of the equation I
know but I'm just going to put it out
there I I think we could actually get
past
politics for both abortion and the
Border as long as we're stuck in the
political model you can't solve either
one of them in a way that you'd be happy
so you might as well find a process for
getting to an answer that feels
comfortable both
biologically but also
nationally biologically I feel safer
when men are protecting the country and
I feel safer when women are making Pro
the dominant opinion on what happens
with their own bodies so I really think
there's a room for some national leader
to say you know why don't we just do it
the way you all know you'd be most
comfortable with it but it's going to
sound sexist if you're a politician so
not everybody has the free speech that I
have because I'm I got cancelled so I
have free speech
now more than you do more than you do
anyway uh there's
a a study that says 63% of Google
content is from left leaning sources so
I guess the CNN and New York Times make
up 28% of all content if you're looking
for news related stuff on Google and uh
but Fox News barely accounts for
5% what do you think uh in the real
world who do you think has more
customers CNN or Fox
News it's Fox
news by a pretty big margin I don't know
about the New York Times uh but this is
obvious it couldn't be more obvious that
Google is suppressing one side of the
political debate does it make a
difference
yes yes I I'm going to make a I guess
this would be a
reframe uh and I've said this before but
let me give it some extra context when
the Constitution was created by the
founders uh the ability to
communicate anywhere was pretty low so
the government had a tough time
communicating with the voters the voters
had a tough time communicating with each
other everybody had a challenge to
communicate it could do it but not very
well so under those conditions you could
build a constitution where elected
people are actually in charge and the
real people in charge are actual
politicians I would argue that with the
Advent of the internet where everybody
can talk to
everybody that the government can't be
in charge
and I mean that in a practical sense
because the government can't go against
whatever would be the dominant opinion
of the people you know let's say if the
People by 80% wanted something it's very
unusual they don't get it because the
politicians need to get reelected so
they they got to go with the people so
you've got this situation now where I
believe that
communication runs the
country for anything that the public
knows about and can get involved
so that's why musk is so
dangerous because he bought the most
important political communication tool
that connects everybody's ideas on
politics in effect the government knows
that he has more power than
them or at least the platform does not
not must specifically but the platform
has more powerful power than the
government in my opinion we're already
there so you're seeing this you a real
battle to
suppress basically to censor free speech
and you can see the example with Fox
News so the the real government or
whoever's in charge is whoever is
controlling the public
conversation if the dark Forces of the
government successfully control
communication by censoring X and
censoring Fox News and censoring
anything they don't like then they've
taken communication out of the
governing process which is what they
want to do and they'd like it to be back
to their fake government which is really
rich people in the CIA controlling the
government so the government is largely
empty shells except for Trump trump is
breaking that model which I think is why
he's in so much Peril but your ordinary
president under these circumstances
would not exactly be in charge you know
there would be stronger more dangerous
richer elements that would be
influencing that president but the the
the risk to that model the model where
the billionaires and the special
interests influence the shell of a
president is completely at risk with a
populist president so that's why the
populists in all in every country are
being attacked because
populists plus the
internet take all the power away from
the billion ER and the secret powers
behind the power so that's the real
struggle anyway let's look at some more
fake news um here's the funniest thing
about
MSNBC so M MSNBC has got some people on
like Michael steel who defends Harris
for not talking to the press and he says
this quote what has struck me since
Donald Trump's press conference is sort
of a highbrow nature of the press coming
at KL Harris whining that she doesn't
like to talk to us now that's some
that's some pretty pretzel thinking
there Michael steel he goes on a News
Network to tell them that the pre the
potential president of the United States
doesn't really need to talk to the
news and and get off your high horse
will you you news people thinking that
the future president and the current
vice president needs to talk to you why
did she need to talk talk to the news so
here's what's
funny MSNBC is allegedly a news
organization and somehow they've
contributed to a situation in which
they're the only news entity that can't
talk to either Trump or
Harris they can't talk to Trump because
they don't want to give him any airtime
and they can't talk to Harris because
she says well I don't need to talk to
the news so somehow MSNBC found a way to
have no connection to the
news where do they get their news they
watch the other news uh has anybody
talked to any of the candidates maybe we
could talk about somebody else talking
to them so when you have Elon Musk does
this spes thing and I he says a billion
people touched it in some form uh
imagine what that does to MSNBC who
would not be able to even have a
conversation with Trump
but musk can and musk also invited KL
Harris if she wants to do the same now I
don't think she will but it's really
unique that there's a major news entity
that can't talk to either
candidate great job
MSNBC all
right as Elon Musk posted on X I think
it was yesterday and I quote anyone who
thinks the media is real as an idiot
does that sound
familiar some something I like to say I
I have a version of it which is uh you
can't have a political conversation with
anybody who thinks the news is
real that's my version of it and as soon
as you hear that you go oh wow that is
true you really can't you literally
can't have a political conversation with
someone who thinks the news is real it
just goes off the rails immediately cuz
it take about a second for them to say
something that's completely ridiculous
and not true and you they'll say I heard
it on the
news Don Trump Jr is uh boosting the
idea of Elon Musk heading up a
government efficiency committee now I
think I told you that uh when Trump
heard the idea for musk on the spaces
that that Elon would be part of a
committee to maybe cut cost or make the
government more efficient uh um Trump
said he liked the idea but it did really
seem like a lack of enthusiasm it was
more like he was being polite it sounded
to me um but when Don Jr boost it that
would be I would
think reasonably it seems logical uh
that the campaign and Trump himself
probably thinks this is a good
idea probably
does all right so uh maybe we'll see
that but I would advise anybody who is
in favor of this to not talk about
details before the election because
here's what you don't want uh you don't
want MSNBC telling everybody that musk
is going to cut your Social Security
because you know they're just going to
make up you know the the moment
there's anything real to it like there's
an actual agreement that the committee
will exist and that Elon Musk will be on
it immediately they will create fake
news that says he wants to cut things
that you know you don't want to cut so I
wouldn't get into any details just say
generally speaking I think it would be a
good idea to look at how the whole
government runs and see if he could fix
it Frank lunce uh told the uh unhappy
CNN panel that uh union membership likes
Trump more than uh union members have
ever liked any Republican and that they
tell him that they disagree with their
leadership their leadership in many
cases is are
anti-trump and Lun says he's never seen
anything like it it's very clear that
the workers are pro Trump now he makes
the exception for the teacher Union
which is not pro Trump and um government
unions which may not be Pro Trump are
there government unions I don't even
understand that um
but anyway and I guess he says the focus
group members are saying don't speak the
union leaders quote don't speak for me
now this is funny because the United
Auto Workers uh filed a uh federal labor
labor charges some legal action against
Trump and musk because of something they
said in the spaces now correct me if I'm
wrong but I believe Elon Musk has sued
five times this week
I'm forgetting all the times he got
sued but but throw this in the mix so
all he does is have a conversation with
Trump you know for the service to the
country so we could all hear it and he
get sued about five times I think the
the uh Olympic boxer is suing him and
now the UAW is coming after him and
there's somebody else coming after him
because they say that the spaces event
was like a corporate donation to Trump
uh I think there are a few others so
three to five legal actions like in one
week Imagine imagine being Elon Musk and
just being sued every day by
somebody who just says well he's got big
pockets and you
know anyway but here's what uh the UAA
UA said uh so it made that Federal uh
federal labor charge and it said uh at
one point Trump and musk were talking
about workers who go on strike for
better wages Trump said if workers go on
strike and you say that's okay you're
all gone you're all gone so everyone is
gone so uh Trump was sort of praising
musk as a Cost Cutter in his own
businesses and that I guess he
threatened to fire them if they did
something maybe organized or something I
don't know the story behind it but uh
Elon Musk responded to that an X by
saying quote the last two UAW presidents
went to prison for bribery and
Corruption and based on recent news it
looks like this guy will join
them oh my
God I think musk is the most uh
danger loving public figure I've ever
seen in my life I mean he just likes the
fight apparently so he goes right after
this guy saying he's he might go to
prison for bribery and corruption like
the last two leaders of the
UAW and uh I don't know if there's
anything to that but that's a hilarious
comeback all right uh Trump has stated
that that slurring you heard on his
spaces was because of a microphone um or
a technology problem he's proven that to
be true by releasing the audio that was
taken in the room so if you listen to
his audio while he was in the room and
not through the microphone and cell
phone and everything else uh it sounded
fine apparently now I haven't listen to
it but I assume it's true or he wouldn't
say that so that I think that question
is answered that it was in fact a
technical problem if it had not been a
technical problem there would be no such
thing as a in room audio of him speaking
fine and a number of people said they
didn't hear any of the problems in the
first place which was also evidence that
it was a technology problem so um that
probably won't stop the Democrats from
saying it was something else but that's
something better than
nothing all right um oh also there's a
the Brazilian Supreme Court wants to
censor a bunch of accounts on the
xplatform this is all just this week so
that's what the fourth one the fourth
legal action against against the X my
god well here's some good news the
there's a fifth Circuit Judge who just
ruled that geofencing warrants violate
the Fourth Amendment now a geofence is
when you check somebody's phone and you
see that they were in a certain place at
a certain time this is relevant to the
January 6 stuff because the way they
found people and rounded them up is by
checking phones so they could say okay
you had a phone you were in this
building we will now track you down it's
called hunting they would hunt hunt the
uh hunt down the Republicans from
January 6 and I if I understand this
correctly and Julie Kelly's talking
about it on X I think it means that some
of the January 6 people might have a
legal mechanism for freedom because if
they were rounded up uh based on a Geo
fencing warrant in other words someone
in the law enforcement said hey phone
companies tell us everybody who uses
your
phones uh and was in this area at that
time apparently that's illegal now law
enforcement would argue that making that
illegal would uh
hamstring the government or it would
hamstring you law enforcements and the
judge judge ho said uh in his opinion he
said ham stringing the government is the
whole point of the
Constitution oh my God how much do I
love that
guy let me say that again hamstringing
the government is the whole point of the
Constitution
yeah yeah that's the point the point is
the Constitution tells the government
what they can't do to you so yes
it it will make it harder to catch
criminals but you know what else it'll
make it harder to catch people who were
just there to
protest so yeah the Constitution is
there to keep the government from doing
the things that might be inclined to do
so judge ho you have my full support
apparently he's on a short list for
Supreme Court and boy boy am I liking
him at the
moment
anyway remember I told you the all dat
is fake uh Roger pil who's a climate
change scientist expert kind of guy but
he's on the the more skeptical side of
things uh he made a list of all five
things that are just you know obviously
wrong with the the climate science but
here's the one that caught my attention
his number five was uh that a bunch of
interns made a data set and then it was
used as an official data so here's what
Pilkey says I have recently documented
how the proceedings of the National
Academy of Sciences called the
penis pnas how would you pronounce that
I think it's called the
penis right because because I don't
think they say I'm a member of the pnas
that's sort of clunky I think they say
uh I'm part of a penis and you're part
of a penis and uh together we're two two
penis members
and there's no word if
uh if a woman could be a member of the
penis but I well I suppose we could
because we don't know exactly who is a
woman anyway but uh anyway so uh I got a
little off off topic there but anyway
the
penis which Pilkey says is supposedly
one of the top science journals
published paper using the data set that
was in now here's Pilkey's description
of the data set
cobbled together by some interns for
marketing a now defunct insurance
company there is actually no such data
set out in the real world it is
fiction so remember I told you that data
is never real for anything that matters
data is real for things that don't
matter but if it matters and there's big
money involved like climate and like
lots of things that data is never real
now I know you don't believe
that but there is a uh there's a journey
that you need to
take you're partway there it starts
with Santa Claus was never real now
you're you're already there right you
probably got there when you were very
young and you're like wait a minute
adults can lie to me about this very
basic thing there's no Santa Claus yes
it's true then later as an adult maybe
more recently you started noticing there
was something weird about the
news right you said to yourself wait a
minute that Trump guy says this news is
fake well I hadn't really noticed that
before but now that you bring it up I am
seeing a lot of examples where that news
is
fake and then eventually you get to the
point where you say all right it's a
good thing I'm watching the real news
and not all that fake stuff and then you
keep watching and you realize wait a
minute all of the news is just
narrative it's not news per say although
some of the things are true it's more
packaged opinion they're trying to give
me an opinion and it doesn't matter what
source you're looking at they're trying
to package an opinion it might look like
news but they're trying to give you an
opinion so then you say to yourself oh
wait a minute the news is not even
trying to to be news it's not that some
of it is not
true it's that they're not even trying
to be true and that's a whole different
level than believing they sometimes make
a lot of mistakes or thinking that one
side is lying in the other isn't if
you're still in that model you have some
growing to do the news is narrative
which is not really
news and there's nothing else it can be
because if you had real news the
government would fold because
governments are messy if you saw how you
know the famous thing how they made the
sausage if you saw all the mistakes and
the the biases and the you who's bribing
whom and all that if you saw any of that
you wouldn't support any
government governments have to pretend
to be more fair and more capable than
they really are just to stay in power it
doesn't matter if they're Democrats or
or anybody else also
every government has the ability to
totally control their own news dictators
will just you know close things down and
put people in jail but in the the
Democrat World they just find ways to
control the media you know our
intelligence people will do it the
billionaires will do it um so
controlling the media is necessary for
any country to even survive so once you
realize that the news is not even in
intended to be
true then you're at a higher level of
awareness it's not designed to be true
it's designed to cause something to
happen such as your opinion your vote
Etc it's all about influencing you it's
not about telling you what's real now
the exceptions would be things that you
could also
observe if there's a hurricane coming
that's true and it'll be on the news
because you could observe it so they
will tell you the truth when there's no
way around it you can see it yourself
right it's hot today yeah the weather
says it's hot um so that's one example
so that's in the the highly critical
area of of uh climate change the data is
not real now you're probably at the
level where you say to yourself but
Scott that's you know one example and
then then I'll give you other examples
you'll say yeah yeah yeah but those are
you know the world's a big place you and
your five examples don't sway me and
probably they
don't but I will tell you this everybody
who's ever worked for a big organization
and it was their job to put pull data
together and then put it in a coherent
analysis will all agree with
me that all data is fake that matters
all data that matters and that's not
directly observable like a hurricane
that's all fake and the reason is that
there's always somebody who has a lot of
money involved and that's who collects
the data the people who have a lot of
money involved in the data going one way
or the other there's never an exception
to that because the people the people
who don't have big money involved why
would they put money into collecting
data on it there wouldn't be any point
they don't have anything in
involved so there is a perfectly logical
reason why all data is fake now when I
was doing data analysis for a bank and
then the phone company uh I started out
by thinking I'd better do an accurate
job of this data and this analysis but
you learn very quickly that your boss
doesn't care that you tell them the data
is inaccurate they just want it to say
what they want it to say because they've
already decided what they're going to do
now you might say Plus Scott that's a
terrible situation how can those
businesses stay in in business if
they're just using lying data all the
time and the answer is most business is
instinctual so you know if if Apple says
um should I look into this new
technology that my competitors are
doing you don't really need to do the
cost benefit analysis because you know
they could afford it and if it didn't
work out it was a good thing they looked
into it so Apple already knows I'll just
use them as an example that they needed
to do VR
glasses but that means that somebody
probably did some kind of a business
case to show that if we invest this and
these these days we'll be able to make
this product and you know we'll sell a
lot the whoever did that analysis was a
professional
liar internally they might have needed
some support that says look look at all
these numbers we can sell a lot of these
let's make them but if you're an
experienced manager and you've got
enough money that you can kind of do
this stuff you know that it's just a
good cost benefit to make sure that
you've covered that domain just in case
somebody else makes it a big Market you
know you don't want to be late to it so
it just makes sense that you get into it
and whether it works or not it's a
better decision so the point
is experienced managers can almost
always make the correct decision without
looking at the
data but if the data agrees with them
they'll also mention
it here's a here's another one um
according to the Daily
skeptic uh the measurements for the
temperatures in the UK are all based on
uh uh
junk so apparently the situation in
their measuring devices you know plus
the heat island effect plus you know
human beings uh the the argument is that
the data measuring the temperature is
pretty much
BS here's another one there's a study
that finds that uh in the physics
organization I guess um study finds that
94% of business spreadsheets have
critical errors critical errors not
small ones 94% of
spreadsheets have critical
errors yeah do you know who knew that
before this study I did do you know how
I knew it because I did spreadsheets for
a living for years it was my job to
collect the data and put it on a
spreadsheet how many times did I present
something and then later find oh shoot
um I added the wrong column
oh it
happened it happened yeah I don't know
if it's every time and I'm sure some
people are better than others these
spreadsheets but uh I'm not surprised
that 95% of them are wrong now keep in
mind that's just the spreadsheet is
wrong that's not the
data the data that went into the
spreadsheet was wrong if it mattered at
all and then the spreadsheet added some
extra wrongness
and then after you took the data that
wasn't real and you put it in the
spreadsheet that had a critical error it
was presented to
management and it agreed with whatever
management or whoever is paying you
wanted it to be because that's why you
did it and then they do their thing the
real world is all
fake the data
especially all right so that's where we
are uh there's a bunch of billionaires
who are still trying to buy Tik Tock I
guess the deadline for that would be
January 9th otherwise according to
current law in the United States uh Tik
Tock would be banned on January 9th uh
the only way it could be still in the
United States hypothetically I think
there's a lot of a lot of wiggle room in
this story so anything could happen but
hypothetically somebody's got to buy it
and make it an American product that
makes our government happy happy or it
will just die on January 9th I can't see
it
dying I don't know I I would think maybe
the deadline will get extended if I had
to guess I don't
know um so the US is trying to get
Israel and Hamas to uh make peace um so
we're trying hard says the news but why
would
they why would Israel want to
stop Hamas is not going to offer to to
lay down their arms and give the
hostages back Israel wants to completely
Dominate and control Gaza forever and
they're not done where they could do
that yet there's nothing that would stop
Israel I mean you'd have to actually
like you know boycott the country or you
know cut all ties with it you'd have to
do something radical which isn't going
to happen so all these are fake stories
this just fake news it's not like really
any chance that there's going to be a
ceasefire anytime soon there will be a
ceasefire when there's nobody left to
shoot I believe that's Israel's
intention because they talk about total
Victory that's
netanyahu's um phrase total Victory
total Victory doesn't mean you do a
ceasefire so there isn't really any
chance there's going to be a ceasefire
until they're absolutely
done and logically that makes
sense then there's a question about
Hezbollah so you know they're backed by
Iran and Iran wants to attack Israel
because uh Israel took out that Hamas
leader within Iranian territory so Iran
has to act tough they've got to do
something but it looks to me like uh
there's
a big part of the Israeli government
that is saying hey let's make peace with
hezb we don't want to war with them but
another big part is saying um this would
be kind of a good time to do that right
now that we're you know getting H
getting Gaza under control
militarily um this would be a time to
turn the guns on Hezbollah
but whether they whether you wanted to
go hard at
Hezbollah or you didn't want to go hard
at them and you wanted to see if you
could keep the peace in both cases
you're still going to wait and find out
what Iran does
so if Aron tells Hezbollah to do a
massive attack on Israel I think it's
guaranteed that Israel will destroy
Hezbollah no matter how expensive that
is because they have to I and I would
add that war with Hezbollah isn't really
a yes no it's not a yes no
proposition war with Hezbollah is going
to happen you're only talking about when
so if if you can get to the point where
you understand that war with Hezbollah
is
guaranteed because there's no way Israel
is going to put up with a continuing
growing you know murderous number of
missiles they've got 100,000 missiles
100,000 missiles aimed at Israel tiny
little Israel 100,000 missiles do you
think Israel is going to let that
situation just get
worse what happens when they have a
million missiles is there anything that
would stop them from getting to a
million missiles I mean if you can get
to 100,000 and you haven't used them all
I think you can get to 200,000 before
long so yeah it's guaranteed that
Hezbollah and Israel will have a war and
if Iran goes for an aggressive military
response at the moment it's on it it's
definitely on if they don't it's still
on it'll just be a little
later there's no way there's not going
to be a war with Hezbollah so to imagine
that that that could be ended with some
kind of
negotiation it's kind of ridiculous so
war is on it's just a matter of
time um and then rasmuson did a poll on
Middle East policy and who voters
trusted more to handle it and the answer
is 53% of Voters trust Trump and 40%
trust Harris for Middle East policy
that's a pretty big difference pretty
big
difference so um it's hard to
imagine the situation where Trump
doesn't get elected now I've seen some
people say that you know we're in was it
comic Dave Smith who said this on Tucker
show that uh the support for Harris
looks completely artificial and
manufactured and that you know the
actual situation is that Trump would win
easily if he had the election today I
don't know if that's
true my my instinct tells me that it
wouldn't matter how popular Harris is
because I I think as Joel poock pointed
out she's running as the generic
candidate at the moment and the generic
candidate can totally be
Trump because you know what's wrong with
the generic candidate nobody knows
nobody knows because it's generic it's
not an actual person you know if you if
you're running against an actual person
that person will have character flaws
and a bad history but you can't beat the
generic in fact it probably works the
other way too I think a generic
Republican could probably be any actual
Democrat because again same problem the
real the real person would have
flaws but a generic one no generic one's
great no
flaws so I think it's going to be a real
close election and I don't think will
have a result I think that we'll have to
wait and probably battle it out in the
courts I hope it's in the courts we do
the battling all right ladies and
gentlemen this concludes my prepared
remarks um if you're not watching the
Dilbert comic Dilbert reborn which is
available only to subscribers on X see
my profile and the Subscribe button and
uh on the locals platform but there's
lots more there with politics and my
other comic called robots read news um
however you should know that uh dogar is
a space station
consultant and uh this week he's being
asked to work on that problem of the uh
the Boeing rocket that's stuck to the
spaceship now except it's not a Boeing
Rocket in My comic it's D's company's
rocket and dogbert will be advising them
how to handle it so if you want to know
how that ends
you'll have to
subscribe and uh you probably know that
my book reframe your brain is changing
the world getting lots of feedback on
this th this literally will change your
life by the way um I I hate
marketing I really hate it uh because
it's mostly
lying but it is genuinely true that
people tell me that the reframes in this
book are changing their lives and in m
ways so that's that's just true so I can
say that that's not marketing I can also
say that this book the God's debris plus
the religion War the sequel plus the new
writing at the end which is a short
story that rounds out the the trilogy as
I call it um a lot of people call this
the best book they've ever read it's
more philosophical and and fiction but I
don't know how many times people will
say any book is the best book book
they've ever
read that is a weird thing to say about
any book if you're a reader at all but
people say that all the time about God's
debris and if you haven't seen the the
reissue of my classic book had failed
almost everything and still wouldn't
beig the I would say the most
influential book in the success field
because a lot of other books have picked
up systems over goals and talent stacks
and
uh you know micro movements toward your
goals and stuff like that but that's the
OG right there so um I mention these
because now that I'm cancelled I don't
have Publishers per se so I have to do
that myself and you'll love all of them
thanks for that I'm going to say bye to
X and Rumble and um YouTube I'm going to
talk to my beloved subscribers on locals
we do another uh every night do a manave
of live stream with just the locals
people it's quite awesome if you're
lonely all right
everybody uh we're coming to locals and
the rest of you I will see you tomorrow
I
hope all right locals coming to you
in
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e e