[Music]
and everybody come on in just because
it's Monday that doesn't mean you need
to be slow now jump up and greet the day
it's time for coffee with Scott Adams
and the simultaneous simple some of the
best times of your life now I take you
back it's the best time of your life
there's nothing close and all you need
it doesn't take much really all you need
is a cup or mug or a glass of tanker
chelators tie the canteen Joker flask of
a vessel of any kind fill it with your
favorite liquid I like coffee and join
me now for the unparalleled pleasure of
the dopamine you know the day the thing
that makes everything better
including coronavirus and the economy
and races and all those things sip now
and now for those of you watching this
on replay you know exactly where to
fast-forward to yeah you'll miss the
simultaneous sip and you'll be worse off
for it but you all know the difference
you'll never know let's talk about all
the news number one did do you all see
Camilla Harris's face what if you
haven't seen it so apparently and this
is speculation based on smarter people
than me telling me what to think
yeah the speculation is that she had
some fairly extensive facial cosmetic
surgery summer saying Botox but
according to my smartest person who
tells me things about this field yeah it
looks like it wasn't Botox because you
can she can still move her forehead it
looks like it was probably an eye lift
very high likelihood of an eye lift and
maybe some general
face lifting and neck tightening so I
think it's a neck I lift kind of thing
according to the smartest person I know
now if you saw the pictures you were
probably kind of horrified because it
doesn't even look like a human being at
this point it looks like there's
something terribly terribly wrong but
the only thing wrong as far as I can
tell is it's just early meaning that
what you're seeing is the after the
aftermath was swelling of somebody whose
nerves are not all quite functioning yet
and just had some facial facial cosmetic
surgery so if it makes you feel better
should you wait about three weeks but my
expert tells me this she's going to look
really good so if you're judging her now
which apparently is too close from the
time that she had some surgery I think
you're seeing just the recovery look so
you're seeing her look swelled and she
can't move things yet but according to
my best information it's probably gonna
come out great and she'll she'll
probably just look ten years younger
that might help her out I think it was a
very unusual choice to get this done
when she did very unusual choice because
it does put her right in the middle of
the summer when the nominations happened
and all that so it almost feels like
she's not going to be nominated at
anytime soon and maybe not at all
because I just can't see her getting
that surgery now here's the interesting
part do you think she got the surgery
only because it would make her look
younger that would be the normal reason
that one would do that or was it to
change some features to also make her
look more attractive and also younger
which is the other reason they anybody
does such things or and here's the
one part is there any kind of a tweak
that is specifically political now and
I'm just going to speculate because
there's no evidence no evidence that
anything like that happened but I did
tell you that when she dropped out of
the race for the top spot the to win the
primary I did tell you that I predicted
she would disappear for a while
and come back reworked and improved now
I was thinking in terms of her technique
which I think actually did get improved
and she doesn't do this self conscious
giggling as much at cetera but the other
thing she had working against her if she
had sort of a stern face can I say RBF
do you all know what that means rest
resting be face and what she smiled she
her face would really come alive but if
she were looking Stern it was sort of a
it's pretty Stern is it possible I'm
just gonna just go ask the question is
it possible that somebody would get a
cosmetic surgery there was optimize for
getting rid of your RBF so that you
would just look more approachable more
electable could you change somebody's
perceived personality by changing the
physical look I think maybe yes I think
maybe you could actually I don't know if
that was an objective or anything that's
going to happen with accomplice but I
think it's possible so it's a bold bold
move
I think it's bold because of the timing
of it but if it works and there's a good
reason to think that in three weeks
she's gonna look terrific and maybe
younger than she looked before maybe it
worked we'll see you there was a riot in
Seattle outside of a Apple Store and
some I guess adjacent blocks and let's
let's go check see you then to see the
coverage of the riot in Seattle click
click click click
thing there nothing looked like it
didn't even happen
now you can see it on Fox News but even
then it's not a headline it's one of the
lower lower little mentioned stories
below or you usually don't scroll to so
even foxnews is downplaying it but it
seems like exactly the sort of thing
that would be news
so still don't know what's going on
there
so yesterday I said that the allegations
against Roger stone that he used a let's
say a an offensive racial word on the
radio interview I said unless you've
actually heard the audio dough or Ematic
Lee assume that that that actually
happened now we've heard the audio have
y'all heard the audio it sure sounds
like it happened I think I think Roger
stones defense is that the audio was
distorted or cut by the the DJ or
something happened but he basically says
it didn't happen here's my take on Roger
stone I was one of the more active blue
checks if he can say that who were
promoting for him to get pardoned or
have his have a sentence commuted and so
I was very happy to see that that
happened
however Roger stone you're totally on
your own now whatever happens to you
Roger stone from this point on you're on
your own I do not have your back sorry
sorry because if I put my reputation on
the line to be you know part of many
people trying to essentially lobby the
President to let this guy out and one
weekend of end of danger legal jeopardy
and Roger stone drops a big old turd on
the president's head
indirectly I mean the president pardons
this guy then he uses this language
which
you should have known would be picked up
he's on his own right how can how can I
support that or back it
explain it apologize for anything he's
just not his own so i disavow myself
from all things Roger stone okay I'm
glad he got his apartment his
commutation I got a little cancel fly
after me today I think that's the new
word I'm going to use the cancel flies a
fly like a little bug that flies around
are the people who try to buzz around
people on social media just to see if
there's a weakness there just to see if
they can attract some other flies maybe
if I maybe if I say there's some stink
over here I'll get some more flies if I
get enough lies I can cancel this guy so
this columnist for Chicago some times
have I ever mentioned that professional
writers don't seem to like me if you're
following the fun on Twitter it's just
one professional writer after another or
artist artists and writers just come
after me like crazy and they always have
the worst arguments so this guy Neal
Steinberg columnist for the Chicago
sun-times it comes after me and I had
tweeted that that when people try to say
what the president did wrong that their
responses sounded funny all right so
this is what I said and now I'm going to
tell you how he misinterpreted me and
and just for a laugh to see how badly it
was so what I said is it's funny to hear
people criticize the president because
they they don't do it in rational ways
so they're the way they do it is funny
he turned that into he tweets of me a
hundred and forty thousand dead
Americans thanks to the response he
bungled meeting the president is funny
to you
what
at what point did I say 140,000 dead
people was funny to me that's not even
close to what I said but he but here's a
professional we could put that in the
tweet and somebody reads that and
they're gonna think my god
was this cartoonist laughing at the
death of 140,000 people no no I wasn't
even talking about the deaths of 140,000
people I was talking about people's
response to the president completely
different topic so what's funny about
this besides the fact that writers are
insanely bad at analyzing anything is
that everybody thinks they can tell how
well the President did on Crona virus so
I've taught you the high ground at
maneuver in the world of persuasion it's
just a name I give it but the AI ground
maneuver is when there's a debate going
on doesn't matter what the debate is and
if you can find the high ground a point
in the ends of the debate meaning that
as soon as people hear your point they
think oh yeah I just have to pretend I'm
on the same side now that's such a
strong point and it's called the high
ground because it takes you out of the
weeds of the thing you're debating in
which nobody's going to change the mind
up to a higher point where there is no
debate and it goes like this do you all
like science who likes science raise
your hands
oh I see that all of your hands are up
that's right nobody dislikes science now
there's lots of complaints about science
being inaccurate uncertain topics etc
but I think I could make this statement
fairly confidently there's nobody who
doesn't like science right so science is
the ultimate high ground at least in our
society so if you can take a
conversation out of the weeds and bring
it up to hey I like science you like
science why don't we be scientific
nobody can resist that because they
immediately look like an idiot
for being anti science you just can't
stay in the weeds
if somebody says Sciences so here's what
I did
both humorously and as a maybe as a
lesson for you about how to handle these
situations so there's lots of debate
online about how President Trump handled
the corona virus now most people have an
opinion that President Trump did a good
job handling the corona virus in terms
of his leadership or he did a bad job
right and you've seen the debate online
and in the news and that's the weeds did
he do a good job did he do a bad job on
coronavirus good job bad job good job by
job that can never be resolved because
it's all just opinion ii stuff very
opinion ii so what i did was i took it
up to the high ground and i tweeted this
and this is the fun part for today so i
tweeted the best example of unscientific
thinking lately is that one can compare
leadership across countries by looking
at their coronavirus outcomes that isn't
even close to being a thing so that's my
high ground move it is not scientific
thinking to believe that you can compare
how leaders did in this coronavirus
situation from one country to another if
you think you can do that or that it's
so obvious you don't need Scott Scott
Scott it's so obvious you don't need a
controlled study just look at the graph
United States graph looks like this
South Korea looks like this duh duh it's
obvious just look at the outcomes
different leadership different outcomes
people who did similar kinds of things
good outcomes
Scott duh duh it's as obvious as it
could be right but it's not you can't
compare leaders across different
countries that's not a thing it can't be
done there's no science in the world
that can do that
the smartest scientists in the world
could get together and try to study this
and they wouldn't even have the right
data they would just look at it and say
well thanks for inviting us here but we
don't really have the kind of data that
would be able to sort this out don't
believe me yet let me run through some
examples so just this morning well so
here's the big problem you have
different leaders but they all have
different countries you're gonna ask me
later but wait what about some of the
Scandinavian countries they're similar
ish right we'll get to that hold that
thought
I'm not forgetting it we'll get to it
number one how many other countries have
fake news like we have in the United
States I don't know do you know how many
countries have free markets and fake
news if I go to South Korea will I see
two vit different versions of the news I
don't actually know the answer to that
question to any of you if I go to South
Korea and then flipping through the news
channels first of all this is more than
one now I don't even know do you
if I go to Sweden or some other country
and I'm flipping through the channels am
I going to find an entire major news
network that's just making stuff up
because we have that we have an entire
major news network that literally is
just making up you know what you
don't believe that you don't believe
that our fake news literally just make
stuff up well did you watch Meet the
Press in which Chuck Todd after the
Keeley mcenany quote had been completely
debunked where she and allegedly said
that well we wanted to send kids back to
school even if the science said
otherwise but really she said we want to
send kids back to school because the
science says it's safe everybody knows
that that's why she said everybody knows
that the initial story was just grossly
taken out of context to literally
reverse its meaning from we want to be
compatible with science too we're going
to ignore science days have passed since
that story came was debunked and went
away and even yesterday
NBC Chuck Dodd brought that story out
like it was true as if it were true
days after it's been debunked on all the
networks except I guess is so you don't
think that he knew what he was doing you
don't think that Chuck Todd and all the
people involved with that production you
don't think they knew that they just
made something up out of nothing
well I used to think well maybe they're
just confused maybe there's some
cognitive dissonance going on but this
is one of those cases where you just
can't believe that you just look at it
you go Chuck I'm pretty sure Chuck Todd
watches the news I'm pretty sure he's
noticed that even on CNN it got debunked
yeah even Jake Tapper debunked it on CNN
and he still did it as if had never been
debunked there's no way that is anything
but just intentionally putting on fake
news there's no way I can see it any
other way now is that the case of other
stories and why does that matter
well what did our news tell us told us
that hydroxychloroquine will kill you it
told you that your president wanted to
inject disinfectant or drink bleach or
some damn thing that wasn't true so we
have a fake news which has been
completely discrediting our leadership
in ways that are almost unbelievable do
other other countries have that same
situation do they do they have that same
situation so if I went to South Korea
where they get a better result because
their leadership was so good do you
think if I turn on the television are we
going to get completely fake science
maybe I don't know but I'll bet you
don't know so if you're comparing those
countries that's a really big variable
in how well your leader could even get
people to do
how about face masks do you think that
the United States would have had let's
say better results if President Trump
had been more aggressive about face
masks early on maybe so right but what
advice was he following he was following
medical advice that said face best and
work turns out that was a big ol lie
even found she now admits it but wasn't
it the World Health Organization the
Surgeon General all these experts were
telling us mass didn't work and then
they just reversed it and said they do
work what did that do to the population
of this country if you were a citizen in
this country and you knew that your news
was completely unreliable they're
clearly lying to you about big medical
stuff I mean life-and-death stuff there
is lying to you
and then they say mass don't work and
then they completely reverse it and say
mass do work if you were in South Korea
what did you make of that whole
situation if you were in South Korea was
there ever one moment when you as a
citizen of South Korea were seriously
considering that masks don't work well
but not I'll bet nobody and I won't say
nobody well bet the population of South
Korea started out with thinking masks
work because there's more of a culture
of wearing them routinely and I think
they stayed that way and landed that way
now if they didn't have fake news and
they didn't have medical experts lying
to them was that because their leader
was so good was it because president
moon in South Korea was such a good
leader or was it because they don't have
a fake news and they don't have an anti
mask situation they don't have this you
know divided between the left and the
right where if the left says breathing
is good the right will say well we're
to breathe them and then they'll all die
does that exist in South Korea it's
apples and oranges part of the argument
of why leadership has made such a
difference is you'll see the graph that
says the United States curve looks like
this and here are these other countries
in which their curve looks like this and
so based on the outcomes one of them had
better better leadership and so I'm
looking at the graph and I'm saying huh
it's a two-dimensional graph how did
they put hydroxychloroquine use in there
with all the leadership they didn't so
hydroxychloroquine use which you've seen
other charts to show that they're highly
correlated with the outcomes right not
enough those other charts are true or
not you know I can't trust anything at
this point but there's certainly
indications that it's a major factor and
that's just ignored now why is it the
hydroxychloroquine would be so ignored
in this country well again the fake news
right as soon as it became sort of a
Trump pill do you think this country was
going to use it as aggressively as other
countries know that we also didn't have
a supply do you know who did have the
supply Germany did you ever the other
supply because they have a company Bayer
that makes it so if your country had a
supply of hydroxychloroquine and they
used it are we comparing a leadership
from one country to the other or are you
comparing that one country had fake news
and one didn't because if we didn't have
fake news and we did have a factory that
made hydroxychloroquine probably what he
used it more and maybe we have better
result
how about TB vaccinations is that on
your chart when you're seeing how each
of the leaders is doing based on the
outcomes of their coronavirus curves
we're on the chart do you see
tuberculosis vaccinations because a new
study just came out
said that there is a very high
correlation between the countries that
routinely give these vaccinations and
ones that don't because there's some
thought that the vaccinations that I
think it might be a combo vaccinations I
don't know it is it's the BCG
vaccination but different countries have
different policies about whether you
universally get those or not in the
United States it is not the policy to
universally get this vaccination
apparently because we don't have a
problem I guess with tuberculosis or
something and and it's a high
correlation if you don't have that
vaccination you have much worse problems
so where exactly where exactly on that
chart of coronavirus do we see the
vaccination information you don't so and
this study said they found that the
number of vaccinations of this type the
BCG reduced the number of reported cases
in the country so would your leadership
variable pick up the fact that your
country doesn't have BCG vaccination
snow no that would not be picked up let
me ask you this if Obama had been
president when the crew Novartis kicked
in this this should just make you laugh
I don't even have to finish it do you
think Obama would have been better at
getting Republicans to wear face masks
raise your hand if you think that Obama
would have been more successful in
getting Republicans to wear face masks
no no Obama would be the worst choice
for getting Republicans to wear face
masks because the moment that Obama said
wear a face mask Republicans would start
yelling its Sharia law as Sharia law
he's making us wear a scarf because the
very next step is we're going to be a
Muslim country
isn't any way that Obama could have
gotten more compliance from Republicans
wearing facemasks
now do I think that Trump has done a
good job in getting people to wear a
face masks no I don't I do not think he
did a good job there but I don't know
that somebody else would have done a
better job if you know what I mean
there's something about the character of
the American public that is not
comparable to Sweden let me ask you this
when we compare ourselves to other
countries do you take into account the
let's say the the independence of the
American voter and how varied in
different we are I mean we are a melting
pot not just in ethnicity but in
political belief and every other kind of
belief we have the most diverse public
you can imagine can you get a diverse
public to all comply to anything sort of
know it's really hard can you get a
public that is very uniform to agree to
something a lot easier do you think it's
easier to get the Japanese public or the
South Korean public to do something
the Swedish public probably although
Sweden's a little more multicultural
lately so that's not a factor let me ask
you this if you just took one of these
great leaders let's say president moon
from South Korea or Angela Merkel who is
being mentioned as a good leader in this
regard if you just took one of those
leaders and let's imagine that they you
know spoke fluent English and they could
run for president in the United States
could you just take that leader from
that other country that did so well put
them in the United States and they would
also do well what do you think how in
the world would you know and if you
don't know that do you know anything
because how are you comparing the u.s.
leadership to any other leadership if
you don't know the answer to this
if I take one of the good leaders from
the other country who got a good result
and just plug them into the United
States would they have gotten a better
result you don't know here's the other
thing you don't know in 2019 there was a
stock picker a financial manager who had
the best results of all the people who
were professional stock pickers in 2019
just was the best of the best and we're
talking about tens of thousands hundreds
of thousands of stock pickers and one of
them beat everybody else so you should
put your money in that one right if
there was one stock picker who did pick
better stocks last year and this was the
most recent year so that's the most
you're reliable right what's happened
recently and they killed all the other
people so you should put your money with
that one right no no if you think that
that's true then you don't understand
how to analyze anything somebody was
going to be the number one stock picker
of 2019 somebody was going to be because
lots of people were guessing and
somebody was gonna guess better than
other people there was guaranteed that
somebody would be at the top and
somebody would be at the bottom just
because there were lots of people doing
lots of different things some guessed
right some guessed wrong the only thing
you know if you're looking at one year
which is what this whole pro to virus
situation is you're looking at you know
months really not even here if you're
looking at one point in time and you're
looking at the result you don't know
anything you don't know anything you
only know that in this fog of war limit
let me give you a better picture there
are five different wars that break out
in different places at the same time and
in each of those cases the country being
attacked is in complete fog and they
don't even know which way the enemy is
now if you're being attacked and you're
complete fog and you don't know where
the enemy is
you still get a fire
back but you don't know where you're
firing so the people in Sweden said I
don't know where to fire but I'll fire
this way bang bang bang bang another
country said I don't know where the
enemy is but I'll fire this way bang
bang bang bang and one of them hits the
enemy one of them just by complete lock
fired into the fog and hit the enemy are
they the the good leadership one no no
they're the ones who fired it to the fog
and got lucky in the beginning of this
coronavirus situation all of our data
was wrong all of our assumptions were
wrong
pretty much everything we knew we didn't
really know it was changing the experts
were disagreeing what was the good
leadership thing to do in that situation
well what it's all done because we're
dumb we will look at who had the best
result based on whatever metric we
decided to look at and we're going to
say that one was a good leader it won't
be true it won't even be close to true
it will be the leader who fired into the
fog and got lucky because nobody knew
what to do if everybody knew what to do
you would have seen people doing largely
the same stuff and there was a pretty
big variation and what people did now
the other thing that people say is Scott
Scott Scott you can look in Sweden and
you can see that they're having higher
infections because they didn't do a full
close down it was more of a you know
just be smart sort of situation where as
similar Scandinavian countries they
didn't do what Sweden did and they have
lower infection therefore they're the
better leadership right right that's
pretty clear because the Scandinavian
countries are somewhat comparable in a
lot of ways and one went one way and got
a bad result and everybody told them and
everybody told Sweden he's Sweden Sweden
where we're all smart you're not so if
you do that approach you're gonna have
high infections and that's not going to
work out for you and then Sweden went
into it and they got high infections
just like everybody said
everybody told them you're gonna get
high infections if you do it the way
you're doing it and they did so Sweden's
the bad one right no no if you think you
can conclude that you don't have a li
stuff because it's only halftime we're
literally at the halftime of the game
you don't know how Sweden's going to
turn out do you in your mind have you
said Oh a Sweden's making mistake
because the yeah we're all going to get
to the end of the coronavirus at the
same time and when we get there Sweden
will have more deaths because on the day
that it's all over it will all be over
and then we're all done and we'll count
up our deaths and they'll just have more
of them so that's a bad job for Sweden
right no we don't know that's what's
going to happen we don't know that there
will be an effective vaccination we
don't know if there'll be a number of
vaccinations and some work better than
others we don't know when that's going
to happen
and we don't know as much as we'd like
to know about herd immunity for example
it seems as some people have some kind
of natural immunity and there's some
evidence that some people who have just
been exposed to other coronaviruses
might just not get it now if it's true
that exposure to other coronaviruses
gives you a measure of protection how
much how many people need to get the
corona virus to reach it herd immunity
you don't know do you
right here's here's the here's the kick
of the pants if it's true that these
other corona viruses give you some
protection against this corona virus it
could be the herd immunity happens at
closer to 20% infection because they're
still let's say 40% of the public has
that other corona virus protection if
you had the 40% to have this natural
protection to the 20% who gained gained
immunity by getting it suddenly you're a
60% immunity and if Sweden gets there
first did they lose
or did they win because the way it's
looking everybody's going to get to
about the same level of infection for
whatever other for whatever their
country is going to ultimately get
infected because we're not going to stop
international travel do you think New
Zealand is the smart one Oh New
Zealand's pretty smart because they they
wiped it out and they're on their island
well that's kind of easy if you're an
island you know good luck New Zealand
and good luck Hawaii and good luck
Taiwan they all came out pretty well
right because it's harder to get there
by travel so here's here's my bottom
line in that Sweden could there's still
a possibility I'm not predicting this
I'm just saying that one of the outcomes
is a Sweden will look like the smartest
one when it's all done now you're saying
to yourself every expert disagrees with
that Scott because there's doing so
poorly in the middle of it how in the
world could they ever end up being the
best one and I just told you we don't
know but if it turns out that part of
the public is immune
Sweden is gonna get to hurt immunity
first with an economy that's still
relatively functional that's not a bad
result so if you think you can compare
you can't when you saw the the the
graphs of which countries are doing
better or worse on coronavirus where was
the variable of vitamin D where was that
on the chart do all the countries have
the same amount of vitamin D do all the
citizens have the same amount that's a
pretty big variable we think all right
so if you don't know about vitamin D you
don't know about hydroxychloroquine you
don't know about the differences and how
estates have power of the United States
because you know we don't have a
dictator the states have to have their
their say the governors were very
involved if you don't know that you
don't know about herd immunity
you just can't compare the leaders you
just can't so I would say that the only
thing we can measure right now in the
United
States as if our hospitals still have
capacity the only thing that seems like
a reliable indicator to me is that you
kept your hospital and your healthcare
system open so I would say that if we
get to the end of this every country
that kept their health care systems
alive did well in every country that did
not if they lost their health care
system to the point where other people
were dying because they just couldn't
get health care then I would say there
were failures
but short of that I don't know if
there's any other measure that's going
to be as useful as you think for sussing
out who the good leaders are and then
let's say I saw on Fox News one of their
commentators saying that the way for
Trump to win the black vote which of
course would be a lot would be five
words and they forget who said it I
would like to name the person who said
this because I like it but on Fox News
and the five words were a school choice
for black Americans now I think it would
have to be school choice for all
Americans or does that racist I know
it's hard to tell anymore but I agree
with that and here's how Trump could win
despite all of the Gorge floating and
black lives matter and protests and all
this and it's the high ground at
maneuver Trump could say for example we
should do everything we can to decrease
the number of times the citizen has a
bad encounter with the police so Trump
can certainly agree with the general
statement that police should not be
killing people they should not be killed
all right so it's easy to agree with
such a generic thing but then he could
also say as I've said hey black America
it's your smallest problem because if he
says it's your smallest problem it sort
of forces everybody to look at the data
again with
would prove that it's literally the
smallest problem the biggest problem is
everything else thank you
Rob Smith is the commentator on Fox News
who said that Trump could win the black
vote by five words a school choice for
black Americans he is so exactly right
because school choice is the lever that
makes everything else happen all right
if you get the school choice right then
over time you can get good education and
the people who could get it out
do get out at least you'd have a pathway
for that to happen I would argue that
black Americans do not have the same
opportunity as a lot of other people
because their early schools the
situation is so bad now you're gonna
throw on top of that what about the
family situation and here's my take on
that you just can't fix that the the
family decisions you have decisions to
have a nuclear family with a mom and a
dad and not get divorced and they both
take care of the kids and all that you
can't change that so you can want that
to be different all you want but it's
irrelevant for policy decisions because
it's not going to change
there's no lever that you can push from
government that's going to change those
kinds of personal choices so you have to
build a system in which you can you can
succeed anyway and the the best you can
do is school choice because you could
have kind of a bad home situation and
still have an escape hatch that wouldn't
work for everybody you know cuz every
situation is different but at least
she'd have an escape hatch you know the
the kids who really really really wanted
to get out could just pay attention in
school and they would have a pretty
clear path out I think the president
could make that claim and say stop
looking at your lowest priority
Republicans are working on your highest
priority and the Democrats are
distracting you with shiny objects which
are
and we're not minimizing the need to
decrease police violence and you know
he's open to any suggestions about
somebody piloting something if somebody
wants to try you know a different way of
policing just try a small you know don't
don't try it in New York City
that's the maybe not where you want to
experiment with stuff so I think the
president has like the strongest
strongest argument which is stop working
on your smallest priority education is
your biggest priority and Republicans
are the only ones who offer a school
choice and there's no other plan to get
there the Democrats are not offering the
alternate plan they're not they're
offering no plan because if they're not
fixing the school situation they're
ignoring the the base problem that
affects all the other problems you know
are you gonna have as many black
motorists stopped by police and
ultimately beaten up or killed if black
income and white income were similar
right not as much because as incomes go
up crime presumably will go down any any
amount of racism or bias that the police
might have would be reduced because then
they are gonna look and say okay this is
a this is a low crime population and in
their bias to pattern recognition brains
they're gonna say this should go well
and then it does so you know some weird
questions of the comments there somebody
says boomer parents didn't teach kids
common sense you know I don't know if
it's common sense I have a question that
I've wondered for some time I feel that
the most useful thing that happened to
me as a kid was being forced to work
from the moment I could so from I don't
know age eleven years old or something
if you could do anything useful you know
clean something mow something
shovel something if you could do
anything you would get paid for it and
you learn this habit of working working
equals getting stuff so my internal code
my operating system just says if I want
something that's a function of the work
I do and that's that that's my whole
model of life because that's how I was
raised
now imagine you're a kid who doesn't
work and never gets paid for anything
and then you go into the world and the
first time you're introduced to the idea
of working for money because you need it
is one you're 21 how does that turn out
or 18 if you're not going to college I
would think you'd be really handicapped
and my my observation is that kids today
are far less likely to go out and get a
job and those they haven't done that are
deeply deeply disadvantaged in my
opinion Scott grew up in Indonesia New
York no I don't know what that means I
grew up in upstate New York if that's
what you meant
why can't artists a thing clearly well
some of it I think is self
sorting so the people who decide to
become artists for a living probably
also know again this is just a
generality doesn't apply to every person
but don't you think they generally know
that they're not gonna make it in stem
you know they don't have a their mind is
not organized like an engineer or a
scientist if it were maybe they'd be
attracted to those things because that's
just naturally what they were good at
but if you're naturally good at
creativity and art it makes sense that
you'd say well maybe I'll be an artist
for a living and then those people just
don't have minds that are optimized for
decision making likewise the people who
have minds that are optimized for
decision making probably you're not
going to be able to create great art
probably
not gonna make a hit song probably not
going to write the novel that you want
to read so we have you know different
people so some of it is just the people
who are not good at analyzing have
chosen the profession that optimizes
what they are good at just like
everybody else
so I think it could be that eat
vegetable but on top of that if you take
a certain path in life you're also not
exposed to have a big decisions it is
not common sense to know to overlook
some costs it is not common sense to
know that you can't tell how a leader is
doing by looking at the result it's not
common sense because your so-called
common sense would say well obviously I
can look at a president I can see what
the outcome is and then I know if it was
a good president duh and artists could
do that it's just obvious there he is
there's a result it's his fault
but if you learned even a little bit
about decision-making you would know
that the only way you could know if your
leader was doing a good job is to have
multiple tasks with multiple different
leaders in the identical situations who
are unaware of the other leaders and are
independently making decisions and some
of them are better than others and then
you have to repeat that for a year after
year to find out if it was luck or if
one person can repeat good decisions
you're so far away from having any data
that would tell you a leader is doing a
good or bad job that it's you know you
can't even walk they're so far away all
right
somebody says my friends or artists and
musicians or ultra-liberal now I think
there also is a a tendency to be liberal
and I know exactly what's behind that
but let me give you a at least a
hypothesis so I don't think this
explains it all but it might explain
some of them my my observation is that
conservatives and engineers and
scientists
have something in common which is they
see the world in terms of systems and
some people don't see systems they see
goals a goal would be everybody is happy
and equal that would be a goal a system
would be democracy a system would be
capitalism but they're very imperfect
systems right and they they give you a
lot of unequal results but nobody has a
better system than either one of those
so it's just the best system we have so
what are you gonna do so I think a
scientist and engineer and a
conservative would all look at the the
whole system
likewise when you're looking at the
coronavirus situation do you not correct
me if I'm wrong but are is it not the
conservatives we're looking at the whole
system they're saying hey it's not just
health the economy is part of health the
economy is part of defense you can't
have a strong defense with a weak
economy so I think conservatives are
seeing the whole system they're seeing
you need free markets you need democracy
you need better news than fake news if
you have those things in place it's the
best you can do if somebody comes up
with a better system open to hearing who
wouldn't want to hear about a better
system of course would you be willing to
test a different system to see if it
works if you're a conservative why
wouldn't you be if it's a small test
sure let's just see if it works let's
see if the system works artists tend to
be a little bit more focused on outcomes
a little less feeling that this the
system as a machine and they're looking
more at the individual I think in
individual situations somebody says
Jordan Peterson sees it as different
temperaments open or closed could be
yeah but I see it as more of you like
systems or you don't I would say that
the people who who like systems end up
being on the same side
and it doesn't matter what else is true
if you can appreciate a system you're
probably on the same side with all the
other people who do no matter what their
profession is take a look at Kayne which
we need to talk about which somehow I
forgot to talk about Kayne
how was that possible let's talk about
Kayne so Kayne my guess is this is
without knowing anything about his his
process my guess is that he's got
systems that allow him to do all the
different things he's doing which looks
overwhelming if you look at the the
output and his creativity and then he's
running you know businesses with his his
clothing stuff etc he's doing desire and
he's building experimental shelters I
mean he's all over the place but he
seems to make it work don't you think he
has a system or probably at a series of
systems I guarantee it
he has systems now that's what makes him
not just an artist but an artist who's
commercially successful it's the system
part I think that makes a difference now
don't you notice that Kanye is a little
more open to the Republican worldview he
is right it's because of the system part
what is Kayne introducing to the
political process a system now if you
don't see that you're missing the best
part
Kayne is trying to run as a will say a
Christian system candidate in other
words he's not just bringing himself
he's bringing his system his system is
some form of Christianity which I think
you would probably you know want to open
the definition to something spiritual so
that it's not limited to a specific
religious you know belief but rather a
God belief I believe Kayne is trying to
bring a new system which is
reinvigorating the religious the
religious model because it's a good
system now
I of course have a little problem
with that as a major platform because I
do like the idea of separating church
and state
but as soon as I say that in the same
sentence without stopping for a comma or
a period I must say that our current
system even though it looks like we're
separating church and state that's sort
of a trick the United States is just a
Christian country with a bunch of laws
that are compatible with Christianity
for the most part you know you can argue
about devotion but mostly compatible and
anything that was not compatible with
Christianity is gonna have a hard time
becoming a law in our country so as a
general not it's not true in every
single way but as a generality
we've always been a Christian country we
just don't you know trying to play it up
so much
so is Kanye's is Kanye's approach of
bringing an entire belief system into
government good is a healing is it
unified might be religion is one of the
few things that does unify in our
country and black white brown everything
in between tend to be more religious
than that
so I don't I don't know that Kanye is
going to win in 2020 seems like he's
gonna have some problems with getting on
all the ballots and everything else but
in terms of what he's bringing to the
conversation it's always bigger than you
think ah and I and other people have
speculated this and I think is perfectly
safe and true and fair to say which is I
don't think he cares if he wins
meaning that he has a system in which he
can win or he can lose and he will come
in ahead if Kanye runs for president and
does not win does he come out ahead
EA does number one he's immediately in
the conversation for 2024 which would be
a far more
far more potential for him to win so
this is just part of the system for 2024
put yourself in the ring see what
happens see if you like it see what
people say then adjust for the next one
so so that's smart what if he runs for
president doesn't win and also doesn't
run in 2024 still smart because he's
promoting a new album he has a new album
out so the worst case there you know is
that everybody finds out Kanye has a new
album out and it becomes another
number-one album which is likely to
happen so he's going to be pushing his
spiritual let's say unifying message
which I'm all for I think he's I think
Kanye would be taking a demotion to be
President of the United States honestly
because he's already bigger than that I
just don't know if he knows it yet
yeah as big as Kanye is ego is which is
one of the things I like about him he
doesn't hide the fact that when things
are going well for him he can pump up as
he go to enormous standards but at the
same time he can bring it down and say
hey people were making fun of me for my
weight so I you know I got a I got some
surgery so he can he can expand and he
can contract like crazy so he uses it as
a tool which is what I advise you you
should do there are times when you want
to expand your ego so that you can bring
your performance up to it and then there
are times when it's just socially gross
to have your ego out there so you need
to shrink it down just to get along with
other people I see him doing that so
Kanye's bringing something valuable and
important you can't lose he doesn't have
a loss vector of this I suppose he could
say some things about Harriet Tubman
that people don't like that'll be
misinterpreted let me tell you how I
think he was misinterpreted yesterday so
Kanye said at a gathering that was
described as sort of a campaign stop but
maybe it wasn't in South Carolina then
he made this weird
statement weird according to most people
but not me that Harriet Tubman freed the
slaves but she only freed them to go
work for white people and everybody said
oh I'm out I'm out Kanye's saying
incorrect things about history and
slavery we've been here before Kanye you
do your homework don't you know the
Harriet Tubman did in fact risk her life
multiple times to to save hundreds of
slaves there's no question about it it
happened but that has nothing to do with
what Kanye said let me tell you how I
interpret what he said what I heard him
say was the Harriet Tubman freed the
slaves but what are they gonna do
you're a freed slave what are you gonna
do get a job with the white person and
then you have the beginning of white
supremacy and racial let's say racial
inequality that will do that we'll just
go through the generations because the
person who owns the company the white
person who owns the company is going to
have richer you know rich or white kids
because he owns the company the person
who works for that guy is just a laborer
you know that that kids that person's
kids are gonna be a big disadvantage so
what I heard
Kanye say is the ending slavery
excellent but all it did was bring you
to the next level of problem which is
you all have bad jobs working for white
people and if you have fast-forward that
a few hundred years in the future and
might still look like that it might
still look like that a few hundred years
later and that's where we are
so was Kanye even saying anything that
was outside of the the most basic belief
that pretty much everybody has no no
what Kanye said in my mind was perfectly
historically accurate and was important
and fit the moment and read the room
correctly and then he was taken out of
context like an idiot because that's
what happens
so the left is going to hate Kanye
because he might take votes away from
Biden and I think the right appreciates
them yeah I've told you many times that
communication only works if people
understand your intentions if they think
your intentions are wrong it doesn't
matter what words come out of your mouth
they can't nobody could hear it
they're only hearing your intentions and
then reinterpreting your words to to fit
their their assumption about your
intentions the one thing everybody is
sure of with Kanye what's the one thing
you're sure of he's doing it for the
right reason were you were the Democrats
all Scheuer that Trump was running for
president for the right reasons
no they worked they felt that baby Trump
was had some personal agenda when you
see Biden running if you're a Republican
do you think that Biden is running for
the right reasons I don't I don't even
know if he's making his own decisions
it seems like there's some kind of you
know the coup planners and the deep
state and the people who walk power and
it just feels like it's money and power
and he's sort of a puppet
it just feels unclean doesn't it there's
just something about the little Biden
situation that doesn't feel right now
compare how you feel about Biden I don't
even know if he's making decisions could
bear how you feel about Trump if you're
on the left anyway it's people on the
right no this is ridiculous because the
worst financial thing that Trump could
have ever done is run for president I
think we know that on the right because
it's bad for all of us financially it
seems but now compare that to Kanye what
is Kanye's intention it looks positive
I don't think Kanye's has any negative
intentions I don't think anybody owns it
I don't think he's beholden to anybody I
think he does a genuine completely pure
love for the country
and a desire to make things better and
maybe a little bit of a god complex that
you know he's the one who's going to
make it happen but you know if you get a
leader who doesn't have a little bit of
a god complex I don't know how far
they're gonna go that really don't
having a little bit of a god complex
is pretty highly correlated with
effective leadership so that's the part
I kind of like about Kanye and that's
it's honest and it's out there now
there'll be lots of conversations but as
mental health is his admitted bipolar
situation etc and those are good
conversations to have I think that's
very healthy to have that Alright
somebody says can I be your Kanye pundit
there's gonna be a lot of them is you
can all be Kanye pundits all right
somebody says zero interest in his
policies because he's not conservative I
would wait on that I don't know if
you're ever gonna hear any Kanye
policies it may be that you'll never
hear it it would not surprise me and
because this is the way I would run for
president if I work on you and I think I
think in this one way I feel like I can
anticipate him not not in general
because he's he's so creative that you
just don't know where he's gonna go at
any moment but in this this one way I
think I can anticipate him and that
probably if he gets pushed on policies
he's going to describe a system instead
so I think he will tell you the system
he will use to make decisions as opposed
to what that decision will be if he does
that then you have a real system the
thinking person and that's kind of
special so I'd love to see that all
right that's all I got for now and I
will talk to you later