I'm pom pom pom pom pom pom pom pom pom
yeah it's true some days are better than
other days today it's really looking
good I'd like to start by giving you the
Iowa election results we've they're in
here somewhere in here I've got all the
Iowa caucus results no I don't have the
mint but nobody else has them either so
I guess I'm no worse than anybody else
am i oh I know why you're here
you're here for endless laughs about the
hilarious and competence of the
Democrats in Iowa and we're gonna bring
that don't worry if you came here to
mock the Democrats in Iowa came to the
right place we're gonna we're gonna do
that but first you might want to enjoy
this simultaneous it but all you need is
a cup of Margar glass and that anchor
chalice or Stein a canteen Joker flask a
vessel of any kind fill it with your
favorite liquid I like my coffee and
join me now for the unparalleled
pleasure of the cycle the thing that
makes everything better the dope being
here the day the simultaneous up go mmm
tastes like caucus all right where to
begin
where do begin so you all know that the
Iowa results the Iowa caucuses didn't go
as well as anybody hoped I don't know
how long it's gonna take before I stop
laughing about this whole situation but
it's not gonna happen soon let's just
run through the jokes the the hardest
thing I had the hardest part of my
morning today was organizing all the
jokes because I couldn't stop thinking
of funny things about Iowa
I started writing them down and tweeting
about it and I thought my god I've got
too many jokes about Iowa how I'm gonna
have to organize these by alphabetical
or something but let's just run through
a few first of all how long does it take
to rig a vote against Bernie and being
really shouldn't take that long don't
they just subtract a little from Bernie
add it to whoever they want so I'm not
gonna say you know I'm not going to
allege that this is all a big way to rig
the vote against Bernie I will simply
note that if you if you were going to
bet let's say predict it had a betting
market and let's say that a week ago the
bet had been this the bet is that if
there's a major technical screw-up and
the Iowa caucuses so imagine this is a
week ago and you had this option and you
knew there was gonna be a big screw-up
or if there were a big screw-up would it
work against Bernie Sanders interest or
for his interests yeah you know where
I'm going here it could be just a
technical mistake just like they say
could be just the system didn't work as
well as they doped and it'll take a
while to sort it out could be but why
are all the mistakes against Bernie
Sanders in one way or another is that a
coincidence it could be it could be a
coincidence but it's a funny one all
right so I got a question for you
how are the Iowa caucus results like the
Bloomberg box I'll let you think about
it how are the Iowa caucus results like
the Bloomberg box the answer we're sure
they both exist but we can't see them
all right moving on if Democrats win the
presidency and overhaul the health care
system in the United States will that
involve any apps
because I'm a little worried now about
my healthcare system being run by the
people who couldn't make an app that
counts now I'm no expert app maker
I bet actually I've been involved in
making a bunch of apps but I feel as
though counting is one of the easier
things an app can do no I know it has to
count and put them in different pockets
but it's still basically counting now
there's some reporting and I don't think
you should assume that anything is
accurate in the first 24 hours but
there's some reporting then maybe the
problem with the app was the volume that
too many people used it at once to which
I say nobody saw that coming when when
they were making that app dear was there
anybody in the meeting we said um we've
we've tested our app with two or three
users at the same time but I think
during the Iowa caucuses we might have
more traffic than that do you think we
should make sure that we're architected
so we could handle lots of simultaneous
traffic I don't know it seems like a
question I would have asked if I'd been
in the meeting so I'm not sure it was
really the volume that made that made
the difference but that's that's some of
the unreliable early reporting did it
feel to you like the general election
was over last night did you have that
feeling I felt as though the general
election the election in which Trump
will run against the eventual nominee I
feel like it was decided last night now
of course it's too early you know and so
many things could change before Election
Day but if you were to have the election
today pick your Democrat pick your
favorite strongest Democrat and hold the
election today Trump is the Republican
and you take your strongest Democrat but
you have to hold the election today
what's the result
well elephants today I think there are a
lot of people the Democrats who I have
this theory about some percentage of the
Democrats and you know this is not
everybody so it's a it's a sort of a
gross generality that doesn't doesn't
mean every individual but I feel as
though the Democrats who support Bernie
and Elizabeth Warren in particular that
they live in two worlds simultaneously
there's one world in which Bernie his
policies make sense and they all had up
but there's another world that I think
they live in simultaneously in which
they know it wouldn't work now I might
be wrong because again you don't know
what's in people's minds but it looks
like they simultaneously prefer Bernie
and also know that his policies couldn't
possibly work it feels like it because I
don't know how they could not be aware
of that you know it seems you know there
are enough Democrats were saying it that
it seems like it everybody would be
aware of it so this is one of those
situations where it collapses one of the
two movies because the whole argument
about Bernie stay with me here the
argument for Bernie
the best argument you could make is that
he is capable beyond your imagination
you get that right because if Bernie had
ordinary capability he wouldn't be able
to do something as extraordinary as what
he's proposing which is transforming the
economy you know canceling student debt
raising taxes on the rich you know free
college and all the other stuff free
health care it was the only way to do
that stuff is if you were really really
capable at making a system work a
complicated system now after last night
who among you believes that the
Democrats any of them have the
capability to make a complicated system
like a clock nobody and it's not even
fair so I'm not saying that there's
anything about this Iowa situation that
should be gentle
generalized I'm just saying it will be
so there's no reason to think this one
this one off mistake says anything about
Democrats or says anything about the
candidates or anything about anything
it's probably just a one-off but it
doesn't feel that way because of the
timing the attention now here are a
couple rules that really stick out
first impressions are really sticky you
know that right you know it from human
interactions when you have a first
impression of a person first impression
of a candidate a first first impression
of anything it's really sticky it's hard
to change that Iowa is our first
impression of the professional DNC
machine and Democrats as a brand our
first impression was complete failure
first impressions are really really
sticky this thing is going to dog them
if this had been the you know let's say
the fourth the fourth state it kind of
wouldn't matter would it it's only
because it's first that has this big
hole downer or in imaginations the other
thing that captures our imagination is
exceptions you you don't remember or
note things that are just the way
they're supposed to be because your
brain can't process everything that
happens it's only looking for exceptions
so so Iowa is two things that are the
worst things for the Democrats it's
first so that first impression for the
season is sticky but it's also a weird
exception and it really captures your
imagination and we're really gonna look
at it as an exception it's like what
we're wrong why are they doing this lots
of questions so all of our focus is is
at least until there's another primary
or just drill down up to the exception
and the fact it was first the election
of the general election might be over
because this is such a damning thing let
me let me ask you this you will say a
genie genie appears and finds a typical
Democrat voter maybe it's a Bernie voter
maybe it's an Elizabeth Warren voter but
it's just a voter for the the most
progressive policies and the genie says
this there's going to be a system in
this country I won't tell you which one
the only thing you get to decide is who
gets to run the system do you want a
Democrat to be in charge of running it
say let's say with the efficiency that
Democrats run major cities in this
country or the efficiency that they ran
the Iowa caucus you can have a Democrat
or you can have a Republican even if
you're a Democrat who do you want
running the system remember you don't
even know what the system is so you
don't know if it's one you like or one
you don't like but you do know you
wanted to run well whatever the system
is as a Democrat who do you pick if
you're really if nobody's watching
nobody's watching so you can just be
honest who do you pick to run your
complicated system probably a business
person probably somebody with a lot of
lot of experience I feel like
Republicans because they just sort of
chug along doing things correctly they
don't quite get as much I don't think
Republicans get as much credit as they
earn by simply making things run
smoothly the the GOP has a pretty
well-oiled machine and I think people
are noticing now here's another irony
because there's and the simulation is
just serving up all kinds of delicious
things who was the one Democrat who is
running for president who could have
made an app that worked it's the only
one who didn't go Mike Bloomberg
well okay I
somebody said yang Yang could have made
an app that worked yes that's correct
but Bloomberg certainly could have
gotten an app working because he has a
you know crew trillion-dollar company
that makes apps and software and does
lots of stuff for its own purposes
I think Bloomberg could have made an app
that worked but I don't think anybody
asked him and yang could have - yeah
again one of the best responses you know
basically suggesting that he's the kind
of president that would make this sort
of thing go away because he knows
technology so that was good all right
here's a contrast is another persuasion
concept that comes into play and imagine
if you will the year that you're looking
at the Iowa let's say the digital part
of the Iowa caucus who do you compare
that to just automatically in your hand
what's the natural comparison because we
always compare things you you can't turn
that off we are comparing pattern
looking kind of species so in my mind I
somewhat irrationally compare the Iowa
digital app people to the Republican
effort that I know that does digital
stuff and I think a brad power scales
group now Brad Pascal is head of the
campaign as I understand it but they're
digital part of their campaign is
considered the most world-class amazing
thing that's happened in the history of
this stuff so unfortunately not only did
Iowa fail in their technology but your
brain automatically compares it to the
Darth Vader of digital of digital work
you know I mean that a good way not in
the bad the good Darth Vader reference
meaning that parse Cal he's like like
I'm a monster of competence and success
in that field and unfortunately he's
going to be the
natural comparison to this little
failure so the I loved what the Trump
campaign said about this now that the
court I'm gonna give you was not
attributed to anybody specifically I
pulled this off of Fox News website but
the quote from the Trump campaign was
quote Democrats are stewing in a caucus
mess of their own Croat creation with
the sloppiest trainwreck in history oh
my god
who wrote that sentence I'm gonna read
that sentence at least two more times
because it's delicious what yeah
somebody in the comments you know where
exactly where I'm going this is so
visual just it's not just visual but
feel the words feel you feel the the
sound of the words and how perfect the
sentence is now I assume this was a
written statement it looks like so I'll
read it again Democrats are stewing in a
caucus mess of their own creation with
the sloppiest trainwreck in history do
you know what's right without sentence
everything everything whoever wrote this
sentence knows how to write a sentence
this is this is like this is a ten out
of ten for a sentence see what's right
about it is it's very visual so you can
see the trainwreck but when they add
sloppy a sloppy trainwreck you almost
can hear it can you not
if you imagine a trainwreck the first
thing you imagined metal and steel crash
crash crash you know that's what a train
wreck would sound like but when they add
sloppy
I almost it almost sounds like dropping
a bunch of watermelons on a hard floor
you know just just like falling apart
sloppy so there's something about the
word sloppy that modifies train wreck in
a way that's just genius frankly and
then they also says Democrats are
stewing
in a caucus mess you can actually see
the stew in that sentence you can
actually see it it's like this big pot
of LA and they're in there and they're
just they're just soaking in the bile of
the stew
so a plus for that sentence all right
Devin's water run Democrats want to run
the health care I wasn't the first one
to say it but I did I raced to be the
first I lost I thought to myself I'm
gonna be the first one to say that if
they can't run this Iowa caucus how are
they going to run health care for the
nation and I typed out my little tweet
and I thought I'm first at first and
then I go on to a guy go out to Twitter
and there's Ted Cruz beat me to it by
you know hours or something so that
wasn't my best joke Ted Cruz's beat me
to it but good work Ted Cruz so here's
what's fascinating but there's a lot
that's interesting about this Iowa
situation we could talk about it forever
there's just so many elements to it but
here's my take on it Bernie was supposed
to win it should have been a big launch
point a big moment for birdie and then
Bernie would go to New Hampshire and
presumably because it's close to Vermont
he would win again then he would have
Bernie with two solid wins going into
the third one that would probably help
Bernie a lot in the third election you
know now so it should have been Bernie
all the way for the first three instead
by coincidence an app that was built by
let's see who built the app that failed
just guessing oh yes a bunch of Hillary
Clinton huge supporters huh so Hillary
Clinton's supporters built an app this
screwed Bernie what are the odds of that
so Bernie not only doesn't get the first
wind but here's that here's the
diabolical part
should he go ahead and win in New
Hampshire what are people gonna say well
he was supposed to win there so if he
doesn't get the first win the second win
isn't gonna look important because it
was the thing getting two in a row and
our minds feels like whoa well there's
momentum two in a row first two it's the
first two it he got them both that would
mean a lot to you but suppose Iowa is
inconclusive and then he goes and he
does win the second one but the second
one's gonna feel like he was supposed to
win anyway it's his home field people
are just gonna discount it he's gonna go
into the third state with nothing
instead of everything that is a big
change in history and it was done by who
made that app again forget oh yeah big
Hillary Clinton supporters made that app
well we found out who is the smartest
candidate who campaigned in Iowa who was
the smartest person in Iowa this is an
easy question I think your comments are
a little behind so I'll just give you
the answer P Buddha judge if let me give
you this advice should you ever find
yourself in a situation where there's
been some kind of a contest or vote and
you're in it and the result is ambiguous
and it looks like it might always be
ambiguous what should you do in that
situation
here's my advice go full Buddha judge
Buddha judge just showed he's the
smartest guy in the race because he did
the smartest thing Oh Amy Klobuchar
you're right Amy Klobuchar was also
brilliant because she got out there
early so the two smartest people in the
race Buddha Jen and Klobuchar Klobuchar
for going first getting the attention
because I mean it was so smart because
the news the news was all geared up for
this coverage and they had nothing to
talk about
so Klobuchar says well I'll give him
something to talk about so she goes out
and gives a
gives a talk in front of a crowd and she
gets all the attention but buddha jej
take it one he took it one level further
he claimed victory he claimed victory
now is that legitimate don't know we
don't know what the results are maybe
one big maybe he didn't we don't know
but I will tell you one thing I wouldn't
want a president who wasn't smart enough
to claim victory and and leave town
would you I gotta say and I've said this
before you know there's a lot you can
say to criticize the the Democratic
field but if you if you look at the
larger group of people not all of them
made it to the you know made it to the
big stage but if you were to look at the
larger group of Democrats who were
running for president it's a really
smart group they actually are I mean
academically if we're talking
academically it's a super smart group of
people Buddha jej being probably you
know near the top of that group so he
claims victory moves on he's the
smartest guy I declare him the smartest
one here's another interesting factoid
about this you know since the beginning
when we we saw Biden leading in the
polls what have I been saying
provocatively I've been saying have any
of you ever met a Biden supporter
because I've met it seems like I've met
every other kind of supporter I see you
know yang is way down in the polls but I
mean yang spoors all the time don't you
meet me yang supporters all the time you
see them online you see them in person
very common Bernie supporters all the
time I see Bernie supporters everywhere
they talked to me they're on TV you know
Joe Rogan is supporting them very common
have you ever met him have you ever met
a Joe Biden supporter
you know I don't know why but I haven't
I haven't met one in person I've not met
one single Joe Biden supporter in person
and I wondered is you know of course you
think in terms of conspiracy theories
because that's the world we live in I
thought to myself what are the odds that
there never was any polling for Joe
Biden and all the polls are just rigged
is that possible I don't think it's
possible because there there should be
enough polling companies that if any one
of them got a different result it would
be obvious that the you know the game
was over so it doesn't seem possible but
am I wrong about that I'll make this a
question so it's not an allegation it's
a question it's somewhat coincidental
that the very day we were going to find
out if the polling about Biden was in
the ballpark because we would have an
actual vote for the first time and it
would be harder to fake that the very
time we're going to find this out the
vote gets messed up and maybe we can't
find it out now we'll is it possible
that the New Hampshire primary will
happen before we know what happened in
Iowa because it almost feels as if our a
conspiracy theorist I would say that the
polls have all been rigged to keep Biden
in the race but I don't think that's
physically mathematically practically
possible but if anybody has a theory how
that could have happened let me know I
just don't think it's possible Jeffrey
Toobin over at CNN points out that
Iowa's a terrible place for Democrats to
have their first contests because it's
90 percent of white it's not a bad point
but it also turns it into a race link
and I don't think you can ignore that I
mean it's a reasonable thing to say
especially for the first one it's
reasonable to say that your first one
should represent the country and I have
crazy rules and stuff so the point is
well-taken
but why is that everything turns into
race the the Democrats have a terrible
problem with their own their own
philosophies because they have to
grapple with their own problems of being
woken up all right here's a very
interesting comment by Twitter user
bonzai Sharma who points out to me and
sent me a video of Joe Biden he was
being he was leaving some business
retail business in Iowa before the votes
and somebody asks about his chances and
Joe said that that he'd survived that he
would survive Iowa and I thought to
myself well there's a there's a winner
that's how winners talk I'll survive
well what kind of a statement is that
now as banzai sharma points out I have
taught you before that people reveal
what they're really thinking in their
choice of words in other words if you
look at the full sentence it could be
that the sentence says one thing but
when you look at the choice of words
they're actually telling you something
else in this case it's an unusual choice
of words to say survival survive isn't a
winning word it's not what candidates
usually say they say we're gonna do
great we'll get our share of votes you
know we're gonna win it on the next one
you know we're just getting stronger
that's not normal candidates talk but
Joe Biden actually used the word survive
and bonsais sharma points out correctly
I think that that's a strong indicator
that what he's thinking about is his own
mortality
I remember we know that because he
brought it up we don't have to read his
mind when he talked about who he would
have for a vice president he said
somebody young because he's an older guy
I don't know how to I don't know how to
interpret older guy other than he might
not be around that long right
so I think Joe Biden is literally
thinking about surviving more than he's
thinking about winning so
a bad look Chris Matthews over and see
MSNBC basically he said he thinks that
if Bernie is the nominee that the
Democrats have no chance at all and I I
don't know if you see people like chris
matthews who is it was no republican if
you see him saying that bernie is just
like the i think you likened him to an
old man in the park with communist or
socialist literature so even the
democrats are pretty sad now did you
catch the the news about adam schiff
when when he was giving his closing
argument there and the impeachment which
seems it feels like it's already over
but it's not and he was using a
hypothetical saying that if trump is
allowed to continue in office and he
gets emboldened by not being impeached
and all of his quid pro quos that he
quote could offer Alaska to the Russians
in exchange for support in the next
election or to decide to move to
mar-a-lago permanently and leave Jared
Kushner to run the country delegated to
him the decision whether they go to war
what now his point of course is that
presidents need to have limits and that
if the president can do anything that's
not illegal and apparently it wouldn't
be illegal according to chef to offer
Alaska to the Russians in exchange for
support in the next election but I have
to ask myself is that something the
president can do can President sell off
States I'm not an expert in this but I
don't think a president can sell off a
state even if they want to even if they
get a good price I'm almost positive
you'd have to get the Congress involved
am I wrong about that and wouldn't the
public have something to say about
or and maybe alas the Alaskans
themselves might have something to say
about selling their state to Russia
now of course shiftin mean it literally
but if he didn't mean that literally why
is he saying it because he's doing he's
doing what should be a credible argument
in front of the public in the most
solemn situation you could ever have if
it's solemn and important and it's in
front of the Senate in front of the
country is he supposed to just make up
crazy stuff right I don't think you
supposed to make up crazy stuff anyway
here's what I think I think will happen
because you know that facts and truth no
matter I think you're going to see that
the the Adam Schiff his statement about
the president hypothetically doing that
is going to quickly morph into out Adam
Schiff saying we should sell Alaska to
Russia do you see that happening even
though we he was talking about a
potential future Trump doing it it feels
like the topic is getting paired with
chef not Trump because Trump didn't have
anything to do with it it's not
something he talked about thought about
joked about tweeted about he has nothing
to do with it but you see Adam Schiff
talking about it and you see the topic
and you say to yourself does Adam Schiff
want to sell Alaska to the Russians does
he think that's possible of course not
but he's pairing himself with that idea
which is crazy here's a little update I
was reading an article in New Yorker
calm about China disallowing some
translated books into the country
so first the books get translated and
then they're then they're published and
I'm reading this article and it turns
out to be about me I hate it when that
happens sometimes I just want to read
the news about other people and I read
the news like oh crap this was about me
and the news was this my book when
Bigley is being banned in China that's
right
China finally figured out who I
I don't know how long ago they figured
that out but it's probably no it's
probably no coincidence that might was
on the list of books that got banned
now when I say banned I don't mean that
they say that explicitly apparently the
way they do it is my book has already
been translated it is ready to go and
they just put a hold on it forever so
that's how they ban it they just don't
they just don't execute it and put it
into the market so that's the report
from the translators that mine is in
that category and the the reporting said
it's they don't say why they do it
but it's obvious it's the trade war to
which I say no that's not that obvious I
wouldn't say it's just the trade war I
would say it's because I've hashtag
fentanyl China into existence I would
say it's because I have argued in favor
of decoupling I would say that I've
called it a dictatorship I talked about
the imprisonment of the we Gers on a
fairly regular basis i talked about hong
kong and i certainly talked about all of
their badness in general and of course
now the now the the virus the corona
virus so i don't know how many reasons
china has to ban my book but i've given
them quite a few and now now that I'm on
their radar
hi China hi hi I am gonna you up
you think I'm done China I'm not done
I'm just starting
gos gettin started and you are
gonna find out later all right so now me
and China
it was personal when they killed my
stepson with fentanyl it's a little bit
more personal now so if you think I was
going to go hard at them before well you
haven't seen anything
Gordon Chang was an expert on China and
the things over there is speculated and
I think his speculation he says it with
some confidence but it sounds like
speculation that China might be
overwhelmed with the volume of
coronavirus victims and dead bodies that
the count is low because they just can't
count them because people are dying at
home because there's no hospital to go
to so if somebody dies at home because
they couldn't go to the hospital how do
they get counted you know that if the
system is overloaded there may be no way
to know so we're still waiting for that
here's a question I have I didn't China
complain that the United States wasn't
helping
I think we've offered help have we not
but I you know as long as they're
sending fentanyl to this country I have
mixed feelings about helping them with
this coronavirus I think for
humanitarian reasons if we had a way to
do it we'd have to do it and I'd be okay
with that
but I hate helping somebody who's
actively trying to kill you that's it's
a hard one but your morality might
require that all right what else we got
going on make sure I've hit all of my
exciting topics okay I have getting in
there so Nicole Wallace over at MSNBC
once again spread the fine people hoax
on TV amazing what do you make of
something like Nicole Wallace still
saying that the president called the
neo-nazis in charlottesville find people
it's the most widely debunked hoax of
all time you could probably find more
links debunking that hoax and an easily
debunked just show the video show the
transcript there's right there you don't
have to be a researcher to find it
and she still says it like it's true and
I actually can't tell if she thinks it's
true this was a tough one
my guess is that she believes it because
it would be way too
professionally embarrassing to say
something so obviously false if you knew
it was false so I have to think she
actually doesn't know which tells you
what kind of a bubble she's in all right
other big news and this is not happy
news most of you have heard by now that
Rush Limbaugh has announced that he has
lung cancer and apparently not
not early stage so it sounds like it's
pretty bad and he's gonna try to work as
he can while while treating etcetera so
he'll miss some work and it was very
interesting to hear people talk about
him you know a number of people who are
weighing in to say nice things about him
and one of the words that I keep hearing
is generous that how generous he was you
know people talk about how talented he
is senator he's wildly talented but but
generous is an interesting word it's one
of the words that you know if if if
you're that age and people are you know
independently describing you and just on
their own the first word they think
about you is generous boy you've lived a
good life I mean you've done something
right if the first word that people
think about you after 69 years of life
on this earth is generous that's pretty
good and what's interesting is I was
actually going to use the same word
about him because he's been very
generous to me lately said very nice
things about my work and read my tweets
and last couple of weeks online and
amazingly I was actually going to
independently I was going to use the
same word and call him generous because
he was generous to me he didn't ask
anything in return
didn't ask me for a favor he just said
nice things about my work and gave me
more attention and it was exactly the
word I had for it which was well that
was that was quite generous
now yes lung cancer which normally you
would think would be the worst possible
situation the the rates of lung cancer
historically are very low but let me
give you this little bit of hope there's
some new stuff for treating cancers and
lung cancers in particular I actually
know somebody who had lung cancer and
recovered now it's possible people do
have lung cancer recover but I think way
more people are recovering today than
have ever recovered because they've got
some new ways to treat stuff I'm no
expert on it but I don't think you
should automatically assume there's
somebody with his access to all the best
newest you know best experts best
everything I wouldn't assume that this
is going to end and poorly for him they
might not so I think you've got I think
we have cause for some let's say
cautious optimism that the best health
care in the world because he's going to
have the best health care in the world
on a problem that is starting to yield
to that technology so let's hope he lets
hope he hit the window because you know
someday I don't think lung cancer will
leave and be even considered a death
threat and I think that could happen in
my lifetime if not yours so if you're
seeing I'm having lots of problems with
my so called allergies it's because my
my polyps came back so I'm gonna have to
have surgery to to get rid of them no
big deal but it will be inconvenient
alright um anybody can beat it it's rush
somebody says yeah maybe so okay um I
will talk to you all tomorrow