[Music]
bump bump bump bump hey everybody come
on in it's almost time for coffee with
Scott Adams this is the place it is have
you noticed that not a single person who
regularly watches coffee with Scott
Adams has died from the corona virus
it's true if there's anybody on here who
can refute that claim please let me know
but for now I'm gonna say that watching
coffee with Scott Adams and the
simultaneous hip has some protective
qualities that are just as proven as
hydroxychloroquine unfortunately that's
true but it's a good thing you hear
because you can enjoy the protective
value of the simultaneous if evaluate is
a cup or a mug door glass a tanker
challenger stein a canteen junker flask
a vessel of any kind fill it with your
favorite liquid I like coffee enjoyed me
now for the unparalleled pleasure of the
dopamine the end of the day the thing
that makes everything including the
pandemic better
I just realized so you can't spell
pandemic with our damn probably doesn't
mean anything but aside for the
simultaneous up go the pain damage but I
guess you can't spell it without damn
but you can't spell it without damn wait
a minute wait a minute you can't spell a
pandemic without them all right so
here's the most fun story of the day
most of you have seen on social media a
chart that seemed to show that the
number of pneumonia deaths of this year
fell off a cliff just when we started
reporting the coronavirus deaths and the
implication is that regular pneumonia
was being classified incorrect
as coronavirus deaths because why would
the pneumonia death suddenly just
disappear when they've never done that
and the other year this month all the
other years had a somewhat you know a
similar curve except this one one year
Boop now to catch you up I saw that
chart and said to myself that looks like
a fake chart and so I challenged the
world to debunk it or not debunk it and
pretty soon there was a debunk er but
then as I reported yesterday there was a
debunk er of the D bunker so I started
out thinking well it's debunked and then
somebody debunked the debunking and I
thought well maybe it's not but I'm
gonna show you how to end an argument
you've never seen an argument ended as
elico eloquently as the one I'm gonna
end right now and this is with the help
of Tyler Morgan whose profile says he's
a freelance data scientist software
developer business analyst and mining
engineer so he's a freelance data
scientist so that's exactly the right
skill set to look at this chart and then
look at the data and tell us if this
chart has accurately reflected the data
all right so it's the right job the
right guy but wow talk about nailing it
I have to show it to you and I don't
know if you'll be able to see it I'm
gonna see can you see this if I hold it
let me see if I can I'll change the
lighting setting on here and darken it
and then I think you'll be able to
barely make it out because you have to
you have to see it moving so here's a
chart made by talented Tyler Morgan data
analyst and see if you let's see if you
can see it I hold it just right I think
you can all darn it oh this is such a
good chart I have to try one more time
to see if I could let you see that cuz
this is just so good
how about now Oh kind of all right sue
damn it I have to hold it just right
this is so annoying
correct oh I guess it probably color
adjusted that's what happened yeah all
right well this would be really
impressive if you could see it let me
describe it for those of you who are
just listening
so Tyler Morgan who is a freelance data
scientist took all the data from the CDC
and this is the source the same source
that the allegedly misleading graph used
and what he graphed it he graphed it in
the same timing as the other years had
been graphed in other words he built his
graph to show the the curve being built
up over time as his reporting came in
each month for prior years and what he
found somebody said turn blue light go
off let me try that Alexa turn it off
studio all right
so let's see if I go dark if you can see
that I didn't know almost there it is
you can almost see it moving in the dark
there all right so you see the little
line below it's actually a different
line for each year you can't tell that
they're different colors for the year
but what you can see is that the line
starts out seeming to have this
inexplicable dip when it reaches the
middle there this seems to be dipping
down but that's a fake dip caused by the
known lag and data so as the the data
comes in the curve just goes back to
where all the other curves are for the
prior years so this is I'm glad whoever
said to turn off the blue light that was
exactly the right answer so thank you
for doing that
but look how perfectly this ends the
argument because that line is for not
just this year but it's for every prior
year and you can see that every year at
this time there's an unexplained dip
which actually is explained by the lag
and
all of them will be the same so Alexa
had turned on studio sorry I'm
triggering all your devices at home but
since you don't have a studio probably
ordered anything hi
so I've never seen an argument ended so
perfectly have you have you ever seen an
argument on Twitter that actually came
to some kind of a conclusion you usually
you could argue forever and if we'd only
been arguing without the benefit of an
animated graph because it was the
animation that brought it alive now I'd
like to tie this point to the point I've
been making since day one about the task
force you've seen me just complaining
endlessly that the task force gives you
raw numbers and doesn't put them in
context so I don't care how many masks
you delivered unless I know how many you
need it doesn't tell me if you've got
ten percent of what you needed or 110
percent and my point is that they had
the wrong people working so that the
task force simply didn't have anybody on
their on their team who was as talented
as Tyler Morgan so you know guy on
internet just totally nails this data
visualization what honestly this is the
best data visualization I've ever seen
in my life in terms of getting you to
you know an answer in a way that just
ends the conversation it's probably the
best one I've ever seen so somebody like
him
should have been working with the task
force to give us a picture give us a
graph give us some kind of visual sense
of are we getting close to getting
enough supplies or not here's my sense
of it I think we're gonna overshoot the
supplies and I was happy when dr. Burks
was talking about the system because you
know I always obsess about a system you
know rather than saying it's our goal to
get everybody enough stuff I always say
well it's great to have a goal but
what's your system if you don't have a
system you're not going to achieve your
goal so dr. Brooks
the first time gave a little detail of
the system so apparently the at the
federal level they do have some
visibility into the hospitals it's
becoming apparent that at least part of
the problem for them getting numbers
about how much people have and how much
they need and I think this is very clear
now is that the hospitals were lying to
them and it must have been obvious in
other words hospitals were saying AHA
yeah we're gonna need a million masks
when they might have thought they needed
a hundred thousand but they didn't want
to run out so everybody's sort of
maximizing their their their selfish
individual Hospital benefit and that's
not that's not a flawed the people the
system causes everybody to try to
maximize their individual benefit and
you hope things work out in the long run
but in but if they start hoarding that
doesn't work you know capitalism works
even when everybody's selfish because
the the rules of capitalism and the
transparency and everything allowed that
to work there doesn't always work all
right so so Cuomo was saying he needed
30,000 ventilators so what I think is
that now that Burks has described the
system in which the federal government
has some visibility and they're
overruling the requests from the
individual areas which i think is
exactly what I wanted to hear because in
order to make sure that the places with
an immediate need can get you know get
ventilators and stuff transferred to
them is the government needs to look at
their numbers of all the hospitals
reporting and then act like an adult and
say you don't need a million of these I
know you want a million and I know you'd
feel better if you had a million and I
know you can pay for a million but maybe
this isn't statistically where we need a
million masks
so when Burks the doctor described that
that was their system where the federal
government was had jazz
ability that was the first thing I
needed to know that I didn't know I
didn't know that they had visibility and
they're also they were doubting doubting
the requests that makes me very
comfortable
I want the federal government to be
playing the adult and you know doubting
the the need of individual things and
putting a larger you know analytical
frame on it so they're thinking just
things with that system in place and
absent the government saying oh we have
a big emergency in this one supply if if
the government thought they were gonna
run out of supplies at this point
yesterday as of today's vantage point
I'm almost positive you would be hearing
something like this we'd you know we're
really short on this supply but you're
not hearing that right you're hearing
sort of a general we need more of
everything
the fact that it's only general and
nobody's saying my god we ran out of
this one thing we got to get these
tomorrow suggests that the government
might be comfortable that we'll have
enough everywhere and that comfort might
come entirely from their newfound
ability to overrule the hospitals and
move things where the federal government
but the National Guard at 7:00 so I get
it I'm gonna give the taskforce a C+ for
reporting about how many materials that
we need I did give them an F yesterday
based on the fact that they provided no
context for us to know whether the
numbers every reporting were enough for
too much but I'm revising that today
because now with the with the
understanding of that they have a system
the system is completely rational from
you know me as an observer I would say
yeah that's that is exactly the system
you need it
I believe it exists I don't think dr.
Brooks is you know lying or misleading
us that such a system exists so with the
knowledge that that system exists and
the fact that the government isn't
calling out some specific supply that's
the extra emergency and the fact that
the the estimates have gone way down
strongly suggests that our government
thinks they'll have enough of everything
would you agree by the way would you
agree they're just sort of reading the
hints suggests that the government does
think they'll still have enough now
that's probably a new opinion based on
the fact that the death count estimates
also went down and they built a system
for adjusting where you need things went
so I'm gonna give them a C+ because I
think there might be a valid reason for
not giving us the details one of them is
they don't believe the details coming
from the hospitals so if they were to
report it they would have to
simultaneously say but we don't think
the numbers are real we think all the
hospitals are lying to us to pad their
supplies although I would have been okay
with that but given that they have a
system I'm okay with it
without the details because I don't
think there's a problem and I also think
it's completely sensible if not
completely ethical no I will say this
let me say this if the government thinks
that we're gonna make way too many
ventilators and masks
they should still keep pushing as hard
as they are even if we're not going to
use them in the United States because
remember even though you know we want to
be America first it's a global problem
and if we don't get a control on the
rest of the globe or they don't get a
control on it it does come back to us
right so for selfish reasons you have to
help the world
it's an enlightened selfishness but you
do have to help the world so if we make
10 times more ventilators than we need
and we can share them with countries
that don't have enough I'd say that is
ethically and morally required I would
say that's required at this point what
do you say you know if we have enough of
the United States but we could make more
I think we're I think we're at eclis
morally required to make them if we can
so at this point I'm pretty good pretty
good with what the task force is doing
with supplies let's see I'm already
seeing the debate of the people
disagreeing whether the death counts are
going down because we estimated them
wrong from the beginning
or because the mitigation works right I
told you that this debate will never end
and when it's done we still never know
we'll never know I mean you might think
you know but you might not speaking of
death has estimates dr. Chris Murray
director of the Institute for Health
metrics and evaluation at the University
of Washington so there there's more than
one model of death but this model is at
least notable enough that it was it was
on TV
so and the TV news and their model says
that the new predicted death count is
around 80 mm so the u.s. death count by
this model which is one of the big ones
is lower to 80 mm now that's 82,000
gross so that would be the number of
people who were coded as dying from
crota virus in the United States but
over that period which will be a few
months there will also be and we know we
know
for sure that a number of regular deaths
will be avoided so a whole bunch of
regular deaths won't happened so you
have to net the 80 mm and how many
regular deaths won't happen during this
period I don't know the exact number but
it's in the tens of thousands so let's
say let's say it's fifty thousand so
let's say there are fifty thousand
avoided 82,000 coronavirus deaths so you
take the difference so you'd be has
32,000 deaths
net so and this is an official estimates
this is somebody who does this you know
it's not the Imperial Imperial model but
it's it's one of the ones that gets
thrown in that conversation and if it
gets down to thirty-two thousand deaths
that's just the current estimate that's
not the estimate assuming that we give
even better at reducing the deaths and
do you think that will get even better
you know do you think we'll do you think
that it will get even better I might so
whose estimate will be the closest when
we're all done remember my estimate was
five thousand or less net suppose the
number comes into the 32,000 net who had
the closest estimate the experts who
said maybe one hundred or two thousand
two hundred thousand maybe a million or
the cartoonist who would be somebody
says there is somebody restating it down
to the sixty thousand level oh my god I
feel like I'm gonna I'm gonna I'm gonna
kill somebody
somebody in the comments says have you
given up on your five thousand net
I'm not gonna block you because you're
just confused but let me tell you it's
always 5,000 net if you ask me in a
hundred years that will still be my
prediction it could be right it could be
wrong but it's never gonna be gross it
will always be net always has been 5000
that please never ask me again if I've
changed it because even if I update it I
will be saying that the 5000 net was
wrong so it would be it would just be a
new prediction if I change it but this
one is it's it's hard-coded that's my
prediction right or wrong now if I
change my prediction that would be a
second prediction that could be judged
right or wrong but the first one will be
wrong if I if I change it all right
there's also CNN is mocking the
conservative people for saying that the
death count may be over counted and this
is brian Stelter on CNN so I have to
read this because I think it's always
funny the way C and then biases their
their opinion stuff well I guess
opinions are biased by nature but this
is brian Stelter on CNN he says some of
the biggest names in right-wing media
are questioning the official carbon 19
death toll all right so some of the
biggest names in right-wing media so
later he goes on to name who he's
talking about these biggest names in
right-wing media and the alyssum he says
rush limbaugh and i'm thinking yeah yes
that's that's about the biggest name and
right wing well conservative anyway i
wouldn't call him great wait mark levin
yeah yeah big name on conservative taco
carlson of course britt hume yeah
and they throws in diamond and silk now
i love diving in silk and what they do
is tremendous i mean there's a there's a
reason that they're successful they're
very talented and charismatic and
they're great all right as far as the
in the same category with Tucker Carlson
and Brit Hume but yeah that's just
what's funny is that CNN likes to you
know just love everybody together so
that for their purposes anyway here's
this point he saying that all these
conservative types who he calls
right-wing but there that's I would just
say they're conservative they're
suggesting that the numbers might be
inflated in an effort to paint president
Trump as doing a worse job and I think
that the the evidence of that is that
dr. Burks said at the press conference
that if somebody comes in with two
conditions let's say diabetes and also a
corona virus and they die that they call
that a corona virus death not a diabetes
death if they come in with hypertension
and coronavirus they call it a corona
virus death now i think that a lot of
conservative people are saying wait a
minute between the fact that you've
already admitted that you can't tell
what they died of and yet you're coding
them all as coronavirus death just
because they have corona virus in them
there must be a lot of people dying
coincidentally you also have an
infection so they're saying well that's
an obvious way that you're over counting
and then they look at that graph that's
been debunked and they say well there it
is there's the proof dr. Burks has
admitted that they're coding them
coronavirus without really knowing and
then you look at the graph and it shows
there's a big drop-off in pneumonias
boom you put those two things together
and therefore it's obvious that the
number of pneumonia deaths have been
undercounted and that they they
illegitimately counted them as
coronavirus deaths and therefore the
number is inflated here's what's wrong
with that point of view everything
alright
so the whoever whoever is associated
with that point of view that's just dead
wrong as far as I can tell number one
remember
two points of data that they're using
number one is that graph that I talked
about earlier which is completely
debunked so in terms of looking at the
data as its presented on the graph it's
just fake there's that data so half of
the argument I don't know if this is
true for all the individuals that I
mentioned but in general half of the
argument is based on a graph which we
know is based on lagging data and not
accurate I won't call it a fake some
people some people object to becoming a
fake because that sounds like it was
intentionally faked but fake also just
means untrue so the graph is untrue
I don't think anybody necessarily to
that intentionally secondly what do you
make of the fact that dr. Brooks admits
in public that if somebody comes in with
two conditions either one of them could
kill you but if one of them is
coronavirus they call it a coronavirus
death does that inflate the number of
coronavirus deaths I think not but every
one of you thinks yes right probably
probably almost every one of you at
least 90% of you are saying well duh if
they come in with two things that could
kill you and you you don't know which
one killed you and they're not checking
they're not doing an autopsy
obviously that gets you accidentally
over counting right just obviously it
couldn't be more obvious right I
disagree
I'm gonna side with dr. Burks and here's
why
statistically speaking what are the odds
that your diabetes was gonna kill you
that day yeah what if you had diabetes
you probably didn't get it on Tuesday
you've probably had diabetes for 15
years if you have diabetes for 15 years
you go in one week for coronavirus and
you die is it statistically invalid to
say well we can't guarantee it was the
Kuroda my
but one of the odds that you've had this
problem for 15 years and this is the
week you died so I'm gonna say it is
true that you can't tell you cannot be a
hundred percent sure that somebody went
into the hospital died because of the
Kuroda virus but I do feel confident
there from a statistical point of view
it's probably well over ninety percent
accurate well over ninety percent
anybody disagree now add to that how
many people died at home of a heart
attack who also had corona virus but it
didn't make any difference because they
died of a heart attack and nobody checks
for a corona virus yeah that the EMTs
come to your house they see I had a
heart attack
you've never been diagnosed for corona
virus how did they code it well sure
they coded as a heart attack because
that's what it was so you have a troop
had this problem in coding these things
but it could work either way could it
could be a little you know a little
little push and pull not necessarily
equal but I'm just saying that there
might be inaccuracies in both directions
and in my opinion dr. Burks is on
completely sound statistical ground
because the odds that you've had cancer
for six months but this is the week you
died could be because of the cancer
could be but if you're also struggling
for oxygen and your lungs are collapsing
exactly like a corona virus patient and
you've got the what the ER doctors call
that distinguishing your red eyes
apparently your eyes get red around the
edges and it could be a coincidence that
you died of something else but I think
statistically I'm gonna say that there
is no evidence to support the
conservative point of view that there is
obviously over accounting there could be
over counting but the evidence that's
used to suggest that there is is
completely invalid somebody says Scott I
disagree
oh you're so close to getting blocked
if you had said Scott you're wrong I
would have blocked him because you know
I always tell you that you can tell me
why I'm wrong because even though you
don't have that much room in the text
you could suggest that the topic of
which I'm wrong so you might have said
for example I think you're forgetting
this factor um you don't have to go into
details you could say have you
considered this doesn't take many
characters but if you're just telling me
I'm wrong you get blocked
whoever said Scott I disagree you're
right on the edge of getting blocked but
I'm gonna let you go with a warning okay
who benefits from extended lockdown
crazy talk that's crazy talk alright
everybody who believes that the lockdown
is some kind of a clever scheme by some
kind of political or other operatives
in my opinion that's crazy talk and you
should just stop doing it alright now
that's not to say that there are people
who are thinking well if we had to have
a crisis might as well get something out
of it I'm sure there are those people
but in general I think nobody's doing
this for advantage I think people are
you know biased the way they're biased
CNN will always criticize the president
no matter what but you sort of discount
that in your mind speaking of the press
and the president there are some a
couple of funny things if you watch the
press conference
you saw President Trump go full Simon
Cowell now you could argue this Simon
Cowell is really just Trump because they
both like to insult their their critics
but the thing about Simon Cowell
is that he'd be he would be cruel to
people who were just you know we're just
trying to do their job you know just
trying to sing so he had so Simon Cowell
had that like special kind of cruelness
there wasn't anybody who did anything to
Simon Cowell president Trump generally
has the kind of cruelness where he's
just getting back at people who
criticized him first
so Simon
was worse in the sense that he'll
criticize somebody that didn't do
anything to him first so with that in
mind there was a reporter for I don't
know who it was I didn't recognize him
so the reporter starts to ask the
question of President Trump and he
starts he goes quote checking on oil
again today and then the president cuts
them off in mid-sentence he goes where
is it today give me the price and the
reporter says I'm not sure to be honest
and then Trump says how could he ask a
question would you know the price then
the reporter says I'll look it up and
Trump cuts him off in disgust just let
me go to somebody else it was it was the
coldest thing I've ever seen the
president do once the price of oil you
don't know I'll go to somebody who knows
how to ask a question and oh my god I
was watching that and I just thought to
myself oh my god because I was putting
myself in the shoes of this reporter and
again I don't know what Letty was from
maybe some maybe somebody here can tell
me but since they have to take turns
even to getting into the press room so
first of all it's the hardest thing in
the world to get into the room in in a
normal time in a normal time it'd be
hard to be important enough to be in
that room with the president at the
press conference but because of social
distancing they're only letting them sit
you know every third chair or whatever
it is so to get into the room under
these conditions is very rare and I
didn't recognize him so I don't know if
he's ever been in the room before it
might have been the first time he's ever
asked the question to the president on
live TV I don't know that but I've never
seen him before and I'm thinking it
might be imagined what his day was like
the reporter imagined when he found out
okay is this very rare honor but you're
gonna be in the room can be national TV
and it's not a regular press conference
the whole country in fact the whole
world is watching these these are really
highly rated only a few of you are
chosen the end of all the reporters in
the world
you're one of the I don't know 810 how
many were in the room and you get to ask
a question on national TV make it good
make it good this is your moment to
shine checking on the oil yep
where is it give me the price I'm not
sure to be huh how can he ask you a
question would you drop the price I'll
look it up let me just go to someone
else oh my god now I've said before that
I could watch this all day long and it's
true because I think the president knew
what I don't let this person was problem
and he probably knew in advance it
wasn't going to be a real question right
it probably wasn't gonna be a real
question it was just gonna be another
gotcha question I'm guessing the
president sniffed it out because of who
he worked for the reporter so that was
pretty funny the other repressed failure
is there's reporting that President
Trump could gain financially by the
hydroxychloroquine drug and apparently
it's true it's true apparently the
president could gain financially if
people use this drug that he's promoting
that has not passed all the scientific
clinical tests sounds pretty bad doesn't
it president the United States promoting
an unproven drug that he has a financial
interest in Wow Wow the press nailed him
got him they got him this time let's see
how much how many millions did he does
he stand to make on this well let's see
it's a blind trust and it's a managed
portfolio so he doesn't directly on the
stock it's in a managed basket of stocks
by some other company that doesn't
investing for him and how much more
percentage well if you do the math it
looks like the president if everything
went well instead if he you know their
stock went up I think the president
could stand to and this is just an
estimate I mean I could be off a little
bit but I think this the president
stands to make hundreds of dollars
hundreds yea hundreds of dollars now not
hundreds of millions of dollars based on
the amount of stock he owns indirectly
through a fund that owns lots of stocks
including this one according to Mike
Serta who bothered to do the math
and it basically tweets shamed the the
rest of the media for not even bothering
to do the math yeah apparently the game
could be all of maybe a few hundred
dollars if everything went right you
know best case scenario President Trump
could make hundreds of dollars off of
this that was world news world news they
could make hundreds of dollars if
everything went right so your press has
not been covering themselves with glory
let's talk about Pope Francis you know
it's good that we have these religious
and moral leaders because when you have
a big crisis an emergency they they can
be very helpful you know and normal
times are helpful but you really need a
moral and spiritual leader like the Pope
to really get on board and be useful
during this time of emergency so here's
what he said Pope Francis has said that
the corona virus pandemic is one of
quote
nature's responses to humans ignoring
the current ecological crisis ok I take
back everything I said it turns out that
our moral and religious leaders are no
use whatsoever an emergency may be
making it worse possibly but nice try
Pope Francis thanks for playing
that didn't work out let's see what else
is going on I gotta check that number of
deaths it see if it really got really
got lowered now I tweeted provocatively
I tweeted provocative
this and I have to read you my tweet in
the exact wording because if you don't
do the exact wording it doesn't work I
said I would never compare President
Trump to Jesus but it is worth noting
that they are somewhat comparable in
terms of curing illnesses I mean you
know talking about the democratic
representative who who credits President
Trump with saving her life by
recommending the hydroxychloroquine and
then I go on it said and to be fair I
don't think Jesus could have come back
after the Access Hollywood tape if you
think about it it was pretty miraculous
but overall Jesus is way way better than
Trump so I want to be very clear I'm not
comparing Trump to Jesus it's just sort
of objectively true that Trump is gonna
have some cures Jesus had some cures but
we're not keeping score we're not
keeping score I'm not saying he's better
than Jesus come on don't even think that
I'm just saying that they both have some
cures and they're coming back from the
Access Hollywood tape I don't think
anybody expected that come back so just
pointing it out
but overall overall just so we're on the
same page here overall Jesus is way way
better than Trump we all agree on that
right okay glad we're on the same page
so the the New York City Health
Department they've been asked whether it
was safe to have sex during the
coronavirus thing and so they issued
some guidelines so this is the New York
City Health Department and they they
said that you should they recommend that
you're only get intimate with someone in
your household
along with oh well I can't say this word
cuz your kids are home but this is
coming from a you know an official
government source the New York City
Health Department so let's put it this
way the the other thing that they
recommend
the last part of the word is Bayesian
the first part of the word is bastard so
that's what they recommend either only
get intimate with someone who's already
in your household or you could do the
Bayesian thing first part master and I
thought to myself well I'm kind of
limited to people in my household my
fiance is in a different house sort of
Snickers and Boo my dog in my cat so I
held a little house meeting and I talked
to my dog and my cat and I said this
isn't me talking this is an official
government source and I said they're
recommending you can only get intimate
with somebody who's already in your
house so I was sort of feeling am out on
this and I got to know from both on mid
turns out they were both like no forget
about it and then they both recommend it
and this is weird I didn't see it coming
but the dog the dog recommended that I
do that Bayesian thing first word master
and when the dog said that to me I
thought are you kidding are you kidding
are you telling me that I've just spent
the last month completely alone in this
big house of mine and I could have been
doing that with all my free time my
Wi-Fi and my access to the Internet are
you telling me I could have been doing
that the whole time I was waiting for
some kind of a guideline and man was I
getting frustrated but thank you to the
New York City Health Department for EM
and my dog Snickers for giving me the
big okay there I'm just saying I feel a
lot better today I'm just feeling a lot
better today all right I looked at my
odds according to one list so my odds of
dying from the coronavirus because I
live in California
and apparently California is really
nailing it on this coronavirus stuff
really nailing it and so my odds of
dying as a Californian are one in a
hundred thousand one in a hundred
thousand now of course I'm in the
high-risk group so mine is actually
higher but it's kind of good to know
that for the average Californian it's
one in a hundred thousand now if
somebody said your odds of dying or
somebody to your family the odds are one
in a hundred thousand if you go back to
work
you'd go back to work wouldn't you I
think you would write one in a hundred
thousand you'd say yeah that's good
enough if it's one in a hundred you
might say I'm not gonna kill one in a
hundred people by going back to work cuz
that's gonna be somebody I know right
you know if 100 people died of
coronavirus yeah that would include
people you know but one in a hundred
thousand maybe not all right now I've
decided that the other thing is that
males have a way higher chance of dying
from coronavirus and females and they
don't know exactly what's what the
difference is you know something genetic
but men are dying in a much higher rate
than women and that wasn't a risk I was
willing to take so from now until the
coronavirus crisis has passed I'm going
to identify as female it's not that I
feel that way on the inside but I'm just
trying to manage my coronavirus risk
because I understand the corona virus is
much more aggressive against men so just
for a few months I'm going to identify
female it's just it's only for
statistical reasons only for health
reasons then you know depending how I
like it
if I like it I might keep it but you
know probably at the end of the summer I
might go back all right there is still
this weird fake ridiculous debate and
the news about whether President Trump
was ignoring the advice of his aides and
not acting more aggressively on the
coronavirus more early and the evidence
they gave
is this January 29th memo from Navarro
who's getting a lot of credit by the way
he's a PhD social scientist he knows how
to read studies so even though he's not
a health care guy he you know he can
read the news he can read the statistics
he can look at the studies so he wrote a
memo saying oh we got big trouble with
this coronavirus we should act
aggressively two days later President
Trump closed the airport and the news is
trying to find some distance between
January 29th and ade writing a you know
persuasive memo that we should close the
airport and two days later why the the
aegis said it was a big problem but the
but two days later the president acting
aggressively exactly as the aide would
have wanted and the president says he
doesn't remember the memo but I imagine
lots of people were reading the memo and
you know maybe there was lots of
conversation around it so I think the
memo probably had some impact if only on
other aides who took the message to him
but I believe him when he says he
doesn't remember seeing the memo now is
there really any distance there it are
those two days between January 29th and
January 31st is that where you're gonna
find out that the president wasn't
listening to his aides for two days one
of the biggest decisions in all of you
know in all of the global you know
problems in the world one of the biggest
questions and within two days
he took the recommendation from a top
aide who is being credited with getting
it right two days really really that
that's where we're gonna we're gonna
find that if the president waited two
days to take the recommendation that was
right and that's a criticism are you
kidding me so here's something else I'm
gonna tell you that I probably shouldn't
but I will because I've been talking
more about politics I've gotten you know
to meet a lot of people and to
see behind the curtain on a number of
big stories so it's quite common that
there will be a headline story and the
news were reported one way and of course
you know CNN reports it one way and Fox
reports another but it's fairly common
at this point that I already knew the
story before it was in the news and I
know the real story behind it it's not
the story that anybody's reporting it
happens fairly often and by the way if
you know anybody who works let's say in
a government or even for a big big
company and you say hey tell me the real
story about this big decision something
that everybody knows about you almost
always find out that the real story it's
just never the one that's reported in
the news because there's always some
context that's deeply important that
just doesn't get reported so the news
you're getting from the left and the
right are typically so out of context
and wrong that neither of them are
really telling you what's happening
especially if it's reports about
something that happen behind closed
doors now if it's a you know a hurricane
or something everybody gets that right
but if it's a report about what somebody
said or did or felt or thought behind
closed doors when not many people are
watching and there's various anonymous
reports and stuff like that I wouldn't
trust either the reporting on the left
of the right so my experience is that
every time every time you can get the
real story from the real people it's not
the one that was reported in the news
every time every time it's not the one
that was reported by the news left or
right so this is by way of saying that
the story about how the president made
his decision there's way more to the
story than you know and it goes way
beyond Peter Navarro so I was aware at
the time of a disagreement within the
staff about how seriously to treat it
and how to advise the president and how
he should and how he should deal with it
so I can tell you just from a little bit
I know from the peripheral that none of
it's being reported accurately so I wish
I could tell you a little bit more of
what I know but it doesn't work that way
because then you don't get to see behind
the current anymore you know if if you
report everything you see you don't get
to see behind the curtain anymore and I
like seeing behind the curtain so I'll
just tell you the news is it's just so
misleading that you wouldn't really know
what was happening but it's more
interesting than you think that's all
I'm gonna say there's a funny story in
the news there's some mayor and doesn't
matter where I know Indiana or Illinois
or someplace the mayor ordered the
police to crack down on social
gatherings so the police went to this
bar and they basically told the people
in the bar hey you can't be in this bar
no social gathering go home and one of
the people that they found at the bar
was the mayor's wife poor guy
so I think it's the only way somebody's
saying in the comments so this poor
mayor orders a crackdown on social
gatherings the police find his wife at a
bar and reportedly he told the police to
you know treat her exactly the way
they're treating everybody else and I
don't think anybody got arrested
probably just kind of sent home with a
warning so that's bad luck and I'll tell
ya if your wife's at a bar that's not
the way you want to find out about it
I'm just saying it's not the way you
want to find out about it all right
those are all the things I think I
wanted to talk about today yeah somebody
says I wonder if it was with another man
well I'm sure it was a with a group but
certainly you some questions are some
questions are raised so since yesterday
you all asked me to look at dr. Shiva's
opinions
so I didn't look at I looked at this
Twitter if he'd looked at some of his
videos some of his tweets and stuff and
I can't figure out what opinion that
you're interested in because he has a
pretty wide portfolio of opinions on
different elements of different things
about the whole thing
and I didn't see anything there that I
could figure out why you needed my
opinion on it so maybe if somebody could
be more specific I would give you an
opinion so if you say so I can't I can't
respond to what do you think of dr.
Shiva's opinion because there are a lots
of them and the ones I looked at looked
reasonable to me I didn't see anything
that jumped out as being you know had a
bounce I think there was you know may
the the most controversial thing I saw
was he was talking about vitamin A and
vitamin D being helpful in these
situations to which I say I don't know
that he's probably got some science to
that vitamin D is obviously
scientifically compatible vitamin A
maybe he knows more than I do
well of course he knows more than I do
on that topic so I don't really have an
opinion on it is there something else
specifically that you think I'm vouching
if I understand his opinion on Falchi it
is that fact he has some connections to
some pharmaceutical companies that may
have an interest and their
pharmaceutical the solutions is that
what you're talking about because why
would I have an opinion on that it's
either true or false right it's either
true that dr. Fauci has a financial
working relationship with a
pharmaceutical company that also has I
think maybe their reservoir whatever
that one is but that's just a known fact
right so why would I have an opinion on
it now somebody who works in the
business that he works in it should be
fairly fairly predictable that he would
have connections with major
pharmaceutical companies
so wouldn't you expect anybody at his
level to you know give speeches for
you'd expect that at some point maybe he
got funded for a trial
you know maybe they supported him in
some way when he was fighting AIDS so of
course in the same reason that you could
guarantee that a president Trump
probably owns some investment as
something to do with you know hydro
chloric wind and probably I do too by
the way I mean I probably have some you
know fund that I don't know about that's
got some stock in a company that maybe
so I guess I don't have a comment about
that it's something you should watch and
if you think that that's the reason that
foul Qi is saying that
hydroxychloroquine is you know unproven
and maybe we should wait well I would
say he should say that no matter what so
you'd have to find you'd have to find
something that foul she has said or
recommended that he would not say or
recommend absent a connection to some
pharmaceutical company so here's a
question would doctor foul Qi insist
that we should treat the
hydroxychloroquine as an unproven thing
would he insist the way he is if he did
not have some connection to a
pharmaceutical company that makes a
competing drug and the answer is yeah he
would every every doctor would a hundred
percent of doctors would say exactly
what if out she said hasn't gone through
the required testing some doctors are
using it the doctor can choose to use it
there's a reason that they think it
might work it's well tolerated
everything vouched you said everything a
hundred percent of what found she says
any doctor would have said in that
situation no matter what connection they
had to the pharmaceuticals so but it is
true then when people have big financial
interests it can bias them it's just
that if you're looking for it in whether
he should be more Pro hydroxychloroquine
I don't think you could ask any doctor
to be that way
I don't think that's not that you would
ask any doctor
ouchy is not promoting vitamins
well he's promoted vitamin D can
somebody fact check me on that has as
doctor foul she never said that it would
be good to take a walk and get some Sun
get some vitamin D I don't know if he
said that but I bet he is doctors I
don't know if doctors push vitamin so
much because there's a lot of competing
information in vitamins all right
doctors never say light exercise
increases an immune system I've heard
them say that I guess it depends which
doctor you're talking about but I've
heard medical professionals on TV during
this crisis I've heard them say that
light exercise is good for your immune
response all right that's it for now
I'll talk to you tonight you know the
time 10:00 Eastern 7:00 Pacific talk to
you then