pom pom pom pom pom pom pom pom pom pom
pom pom hey everybody come on here here
it's the it's the best part of your day
it's a special part of the day it's the
day when you get to have a Seibel -
simultaneous if not just with me but
with all the people around the world
watching this at the same time feel
connected to humanity fuel that you
dopamine surging through your body feel
your day getting better just sitting
there with your cup of beverage and you
know it doesn't take much to join in
it's easy everybody can do it you don't
need much you know what you need oh he
needs a couple of mugger glasses time to
tell us thank you thermos Alaska can t
McGrail a vessel of any kind fill it
with your favorite liquid I'm partial to
coffee join me now for the unparalleled
pleasure
the simultaneous it well today I have a
special guest a special guest it's a
little update to something you know
about I was working with Bill pulled a
to give away a little bit of his money
thousand dollars and I was experimenting
so if you don't know bill pulled bill
Polti and he's at at Polti pul T is
doing sort of a long-term moving
experiment in which he's attempting to
redefine philanthropy or create a new
model for philanthropy on the Internet
hashtag internet philanthropy and he
asked me to try an experiment so the
experiment was up to me but he just said
how would you like to give away some of
my money do it the way you want to see
what happens all right so the the the
nature of this is experimentation we're
going to see what's happening here's
what I did this different I tried to
create a system as opposed to a goal
and the system is that I wanted to see
if if we could do more than just give
money to something where somebody who
needs it that would be great that would
be a goal what's your goal give some
money to somebody who needs it
but what's a system the system would be
something where everybody involved gets
something out of it and so you'd want to
do more of it so give me money once it's
great but creating a system where more
people might give more money in the
future well that's better so I wanted to
experiment with that and what I did was
explicitly selfish and unselfish and
visible at the same time so that's my
system I wanted to do something that was
selfish meaning that I personally as the
giver in this case I'm giving away bill
pull tazed money but it is a experiment
as the giver I would give something out
of it so that I would be incented and
others would who were in my situation to
do the same thing later the person who
gets the money or entity gets something
out of it so they like it so so far you
have two winners and then the third part
I was experimenting with is the audience
so breaking the the fourth wall and
getting the audience involved so you're
the audience so now you're watching the
experiment you're gonna help me evaluate
it maybe somebody will someday decide to
do something similar but here's what I
did
I wanted to promote the idea that's in
one of my books about talent stacks and
systems / goals would be great
- two ideas I think are powerful they're
associated with me so that's the selfish
part if somebody like that idea they
might be more likely to buy my book I'm
putting that right out there right then
there's nothing hidden it'd be great if
people bought that book that's good for
me what would I do if people bought my
book well I'd have more money I'd
probably give more money way you know
sort of a virtuous circle so I have
selected from among people who say that
they had some involvement in the talents
stack in a school setting on Twitter I
said is there anybody using the idea of
a talent stack out there and I will I
will give them the money and that will
be an excuse for me to show that the
talent stack is
yawn maybe other people will hear about
it maybe other teachers will hear about
it through this so I'm gonna I'm trying
to get secondary benefits third level
benefits fourth level benefits so it's a
gift it's philanthropy but I'm looking
for a big play right by making a system
that gives visibility spreads an idea
that's very powerful and so I would like
to introduce you to the winner mr. Gomez
jr. Gomez say I and mr. Gomez should I
call you jr. okay well I'm gonna call
you mr. Gomez just out of respect and to
reinforce that you are a teacher where
are you teaching and tell us about where
you first heard of the talents stack in
in how you teach and how do people
respond to it so the first time a kid
hears that they don't have a cap on
where they can go if they use a simple
model of just stacking skills together
which is very approachable there whoa
does it blow kids minds do you think
they get it
are they too young what what's what's he
feedback you get for the kids
[Music]
you know I might be biased but you sound
like the smartest teacher I've ever been
in my life and I'm not even joking about
that by the way because you know
obviously I'm biased because you've been
influenced by some of the things I'm
saying but the fact that you've picked
up on exactly all the right stuff and
applied it in exactly the right place in
exactly the right way it's pretty
impressive it's pretty impressive I got
to say you impressed me so so you've
received your money now right that is
terrific and I thank you a lot for being
part of you know understanding that
getting the message out about what
you're doing could be the most powerful
thing that we do today because if more
people get this idea it's just so
motivating to know that there's a real
easily approachable way out I also love
the fact that you said that you combine
the concept with stories because as a
teacher you know it's the story that
works you know yeah so you are my
favorite teacher of all time you're it's
official I think you're brilliant and I
love what you're doing and I'm glad that
you could join us and thanks so much for
thanks so much for even contacting me
and telling me that you're using this
stuff I think it's just a great way to
start the day just hearing this story
all right I'm gonna I'm gonna sign off
with you and get on with stuff but
thanks so much and we will talk to you
later bye for now all right doesn't that
make you feel good all right so you
don't have to answer me right now but
just evaluate evaluate how I've tried to
systemize this process
all right I'm being overtly obvious as
much as I can so there's
nothing hidden this is partly for me
that's what makes it a system because I
would want to do this again if it works
if I get good feedback from her I'm
gonna say huh
I gave away a thousand dollars and it
turned out good for me well wouldn't
that be great that I'll do it again
somebody else gets a thousand dollars so
and then the fourth wall as I said
that's really the important part if I
can if I can use philanthropy just
spread an idea the idea is more far more
powerful than a thousand dollars and
look how much look how much attention
that idea is gonna get for a thousand
dollars all right and that's all pulled
a because yeah I wasn't gonna do this
you know yeah bill came up with the
concept he's the one who's testing it
for the record by the way we paid him
with PayPal because I know there's gonna
be somebody here some critic who says
all right you're collecting names I
think you saw the data data mining
scheme and it's you know it's some kind
of scheme with Jack Dorsey and the cash
app so just just to take that off the
table we just said I'll just pay with
PayPal yeah just take take that
conversation off the table all right
let's talk about something else let's
talk about the the guy who saved the
planet have you ever had a fantasy that
you could save the planet
I have that one all the time you know
you're when I was young you know when
you were thinking of you were Superman
or some things like I'll save the planet
now I wasn't Trump wasn't Trump here's
my here's my thinking now of course
there's a little bit of hyperbole in
this but let me let me tell you where
I'm going let's say climate change is a
big problem world is going to be
destroyed if somebody could fix climate
change well at least half of the world
would say you fixed climate change
well you just saved the world so a
little bit of hyperbole but you know
what I'm talking about now let's say you
didn't believe in climate change being a
problem obviously the climate changes
but what could be a problem
well even then you still need nuclear if
you want to be a successful country that
can feed all of its people and meet all
of its obligations and do what our world
needs to do still need nuclear because
we don't have a another path that can
get us all the way there
and so yesterday was a yesterday day
before recently CNN just did a big piece
that was unabashedly pro-nuclear and it
was pro-nuclear in a very specific way
which is what caught my attention it
would be one thing to see an article
that says that somebody who's always
said nuclear is good is still saying it
hey get some nuclear that would have
been one thing and it would not have
been impressive but instead the way the
article was framed it talked about how
nuclear used to be scarier but the
public is not up to date so so check
this framing the framing is that it used
to be dangerous but the public doesn't
know how well the the industry has
evolved and gotten to a point where
those same dangers not so dangerous it
also explained that the only people who
have ever died from a nuclear energy
accident were in Chernobyl and
everything about that is different they
didn't they didn't even build it with a
containment a containment dome or
whatever it is so
if you compare anything to Chernobyl
that's an invalid comparison but if you
look at the other so-called disasters
from Fukushima to Three Mile Island
whatever nobody died
nobody ever zero you have zero zero
deaths so
but what caught what caught my attention
about the article is that it was CNN
it's the type of article you would fully
expect to see on Fox News conservatives
and Republicans are are pretty much
pro-nuclear and happened forever but
getting CNN's kraut getting the left the
Democrats to be on board is the big deal
I think it made a difference they Andrew
Yang and Cory Booker were both
pro-nuclear and I've it's that's hard to
you can't ignore that right because once
your side is saying it and here here's
the catch who are the two smartest
people among the Democrats if you're
just going to measure pure brain power
the two smartest people running for
president well might be yang and Booker
right if you I don't know if you know
Booker's credentials but he's a lot
smarter than you and I are that's for
sure
academically so somebody's saying Warren
I think you could throw her in the mix
she's obviously very very smart but yeah
I think it a smart that's somebody's
saying Buddha changers really smart okay
you got me you got me
Buddha jej is very smart too they have
some really smart people there you gotta
you can't take that away from her right
but the the way to save the earth was
that the people on the left the CNN
crowd had to move their minds to where
the right already was in both cases they
both needed to be you know more educated
but it looks like that's happening right
now meaning that it looks like CNN by
the fact that they do even run this
article and the nature of it and the
specific way it was framed as things
used to be bad but you don't realize
that we're gonna educate you things are
actually much safer with modern
technology and I'm going to credit mark
Schneider as being probably the most
influential voice on social media now of
course Michael Shellenberger
gets yes get gigantic credit i'm not
going to rank them in terms of who's
more effective so they're doing their
different types of persuasion I would
say Shellenberger is a little more
emphasis on current generation three
stuff things we can do right now and
well mark Schneider is a little more
emphasis on generation four and what's
right around the corner and you know
we're not quite there with a design
everybody loves but that's where we need
to push to so they're very productive as
a a pair you know one grounding you with
what we can do right now one taking your
mind to you know thinking past the sale
if you will from do you do nuclear to
which type so I feel I feel as if
they've moved the move the dial those of
you have been watching this unfold over
maybe two years would you agree would
you agree that first of all mark Snyder
and Sheldon Berger are the two most
effective advocates for sure and that
the two of them are sort of a perfect
pair even if they may they may have some
differences in preferences on the on the
margins but basically ones telling you
what you can do now once telling you
where your mind is going to go very very
good double punch and I of course have
been trying to be as helpful as possible
boosting the signal wherever I can I try
to help frame things so that the the
message has the most power it possibly
can
well I feel like I feel like some kind
of corner recently turned have you
noticed that when I've been pushing on
nuclear I get very little pushback you
know and I'm not the expert or anything
but even when I'm promoting nuclear if
you look in the comments it's very
unusual for any topic to get as little
pushback as as as any of us are getting
on nuclear think about it think about
how lack of pushed
there is when anybody who's pro-nuclear
just lays out their case you don't
really see people even with much of a
problem somebody says it's because I
block people yes that one person I block
every every two days is totally changing
the situation all right let's talk about
something else there are some stories
that are horrible and entertaining at
the same time and I feel like I will be
a terrible person
if I were to reveal how entertained I am
at a story that about death so you know
you've been warned but there's a story
today about apparently three teenagers
with masks were approaching some rural
home in Georgia I think it was Georgia
yeah and as the three I think they were
armed as well as the three masked
teenagers approached the home the the
neighbor the neighbor opened up fire
which is totally legal I guess because
he was protecting his home so the
neighbor opens up with fire and then I
don't know if we have all the facts but
it sounds like this is what happened it
looks like there was a handgun involved
with the first first series of shots and
then some witness was saying that soon
after that they heard an AR go off so I
apparently the neighbor heard some
gunshots and came out and and he just
they just blew away the three kids so
the three I'm calling them kids because
there were teens I don't know all they
were but they were teenagers and they
were coming to rob this guy's house and
the guy laid down fire with his handgun
until his neighbor could come over with
the AR and should have shot that say
there's a job and and here's the part
they killed all three of them and and
the homeowner in the neighbor were
uninjured their property was protected
and they just murdered all not murdered
it was self-defense but he they killed
all three of them no charges filed
that's the punchline these two neighbors
just riddled these three idiots with
bullets literally just just shot him to
pieces in their front yard no charges
filed now that's the sort of story that
can reduce burglary burglary rates so
those those of you who are people remind
me every day it's like Scott Scott when
you talk about guns you forget I believe
the burglars had some kind of firearm it
was a little unclear in the story but I
there was something about return fire so
I think they did so people say Scott
Scott you're always forgetting the the
murders that didn't happen because
somebody had a gun and I don't forget
that but you can still talk about the
net you know if the net death is high
you'd still like the net number of
people getting killed by guns to be
lower it doesn't matter that you know it
doesn't matter that both the numbers are
very high you're talking about
you'd rather save more people than kill
them so it's still a goal to reduce gun
deaths even though I acknowledge that
certainly the existence of defensives
weapons of course reduces the number of
some kinds of crimes in some cases all
right the new york times story is
getting it's just getting sadder you
know the story the new york times ran a
story i guess it was based on a book
which talked about some somebody
accusing Supreme Court justice Cavanaugh
of exposing himself in some high school
situation and what the New York Times
left out of the story is that the
alleged victim refuses to comment so
they don't have any comment from the
victim and the other witnesses say it
didn't happen
no not witnesses because it didn't
happen but the the Friends of the
alleged victim say that the alleged
victim say it didn't happen or they
don't remember or she doesn't remember
it that's it not that it didn't happen
but she doesn't remember it now that of
course is completely exculpatory
information had they been in the
original story that there's no known
victim
that would be pretty important right and
the victim has no idea what you're
talking about that's important now the
new the update well first of all a hat
tip to Molly Hemingway who was the one
who caught that discrepancy
I believe she saw the book and noticed
that the article was not compatible with
it left out a key point and I thought to
myself if Molly Hemingway had not
noticed that would anybody else have
noticed it what if nobody noticed think
about thinking about how close we were
how close we were to something truly
awful if that if that rumor had been
allowed to just sit out there that was
truly awful and the only thing like
seven billion of us in the world right
we're going about our business all seven
billion of us we were gonna do anything
about it but thank God I'm all you have
anyway did something about it right
because it changes the whole nature of
the thing it put it puts in New York
Times and that I would say almost a
death spiral of lack of credibility
that's too much they're not going to
grant a business because of this but
that's a really big deal yeah I I've
been saying for a while that if you were
to bake a cake
let's say if you were to pull together
an all-star team let's say an all-star
team of I let's say Trump supporters if
we can say that she'd probably be the
captain of the team I would say Molly
Hemingway is the most effective
communicator on the right would you
agree you're not not counting president
Trump himself but for those who are say
on the supportive side with the
president I would say she would be the
most effective communicator if you could
if you combine both her ability to speak
in public and communicate so she has all
the the top level skills but on top of
that she seems to have the best
knowledge and ideas
- I mean yeah you're mentioning a number
of other names and they're all strong in
their own way taking nothing away from
them but I think she would have to be
the captain of the team if you were
forming a team I think all the people
they just mention yeah Byron reorg is
great Kim's Drossel amazing yeah there's
a lot of other people but yeah
Candice etc but I think if they were to
sit in a room and had to pick their own
captain I think they'd pick her I think
they would pick her so anyway
compliments are my point is that the
latest update on this story is that the
writers are blaming the editors so the
writers are saying that information was
in there but the editors took out a
sentence that had the name of the
alleged victim because as a policy the
New York Times would not show the name
of the victim and so when they took the
sentence out that the victims name the
speculation from the writers is that
they they cut too much and it got a
little bit too much context and had that
story going in the way they originally
wrote it it would have been you know had
all the right context now let me give
you some listen let me give you some
context from my experience to get a
sense of the odds of that explanation
being correct all right so the first
thing you need to know is that the the
the explanation that somebody did
something dumb it's always the best
explanation all right if you have
multiple competing explanations one of
them is it's a clever scheme to take
over the country you're it's a
conspiracy theory and the other
explanation that fits the facts is well
somebody made a mistake usually it's the
simple one somebody made a mistake
usually that's all this but let me give
you let me give you some context so I've
worked with the New York Times editors
before I don't know I've worked with
Wall Street Journal literature's I'm
working with him right now actually
doing something that might be
Wall Street Journal if I'm lucky so I've
worked with the top editors in
publishing and newspapers for most of my
career here's what I know that you don't
know there's a really big difference
between an editor who's working for a
top publication New York Times Wall
Street Journal etc then there is from
someone who just knows how to be an
editor right there's a big difference
between my my publishing editors at
penguin and you know the top level of
people I'm saying they are top level
people to be clear so the top publishers
you know my publisher New York Times
Wall Street Journal those editors are
the ones fixing the mistakes for the
writers and the writers are very
qualified right so just so we understand
this the writers for any of those
publications those top levels are the
best writers in the world that's how
they get to be in the best publications
in the world in terms of you know all
the ways we measure best publication now
carrying the fake news question right
but otherwise best publication and the
editors are way better than them because
the editors are the ones are fixing
people who are already really really
good at what they do in my experience
that would be very unusual for an editor
operating at that level to make that
mistake not impossible so I'm not going
to tell you oh that didn't happen but if
you tried to weigh the odds you know was
it an honest mistake
versus did somebody say you know I just
kind of liked it better without that
information I both of those seem
unlikely which is interesting the the
odds that they intentionally looked at
that and said I think we'll put this in
without the context that changes it
completely feels actually hard to
believe in other words I don't believe
it
but how likely is it that it was just
stake possible it's possible but pretty
darn unlikely in my experience and when
I say it's unlikely it would be like you
know you it'd be like you handed in
Michael Jordan and Alice a let's say you
handed Shaquille O'Neal a basketball
while he's standing directly below the
hoop and he can reach up him and he can
just put it through the hoop and you say
to yourself all right
Shaquille it's your job there's nobody
playing defense you just have to take
the ball and just reach it up and just
go like that and drop this is the hoop
what are the odds that you can do that
successfully now it's not impossible
that Shaquille's drunk or crazy or
playing around and he goes up there and
the like hits the rim and it bounces out
like it could happen I'm not saying that
that could never happen in any world no
matter what but in terms of the
difficulty level that's very analogies
work to make a point
analogies don't work to make an argument
okay so the point is how simple it is so
that editing that editing event of
taking out their sentence and still
making sure that the all the context was
there was so simple to do right it was
like Shaquille just tried to drop a ball
into a basket with no defense might have
been a mistake you never know
all right are you watching pancake gate
the funniest story of the day there's
some relative of trumps who's claiming
that when he visited his I guess
ancestral home where his mother lived in
Scotland however long ago it was that he
forgot somebody whose husband had died
and then stole some pancakes by putting
the stole they used the word stole he
stole pancakes and put them in his
pocket
that's right there's a story in Newsweek
that President Trump when he visited
relatives grabbed a pile of pancakes and
put them in his pocket
now I don't know his somebody says whiz
syrup why not why not it doesn't make
the story any less ridiculous so let's
say I had syrup on it let's say add
syrup and you know there were there were
strawberries on it let's say it was a
big stack and let's say the only way he
could fit in his pocket is if it's like
squashed it all up it just fit in his
pocket like that why not because the
story itself is so ridiculous there
isn't a there isn't the slightest chance
is true there's not the slightest chance
now if he quote stole some pancakes
let's define steal did he see that there
was a big spread of food and more than
anybody could eat and did he MA for
example that I know baron or somebody
was hungry and might like a pancake did
he put them in a plastic bag and take a
little to go pancake for I know his kid
or whatever for someone else I don't
know baby but I've got a feeling that
the way is expressed as he's a pancake
stealer who puts pancakes in his pocket
that's probably not the most accurate
story you've ever read today all right
if any of you are losing connection just
sign off and sign back on it'll be fine
promise you
Shayne Gillis comedian who made the the
offensive remarks about asian-americans
so he lost his job over that because the
tape surfaced you remember the Andrew
yang had said and he reinforced I guess
he did another interview he said that
comedians should be treated differently
I like that answer I like that answer I
do agree the comedians should be treated
differently and that if a comedian
crosses a line you shouldn't treat it
the same if they're doing it in the in
the service of thinking they're funny
and they just miss because missing a
joke is not like being racist they're
very different right so I was thinking
about this Shane Gillis guy because I
saw a little recording of the offensive
thing he did and I was mentally
comparing it to Dave Chappelle's
stand-up comedy and I thought what's the
difference between the types of things
that Chappelle said and not only did he
not lose his job Chappelle but he was
critically acclaimed and you know a lot
of people including me are calling it
one of the greatest performances of
comedy of all time I mean it's actually
one for the ages it was that good so why
does she pal get away with it
and this poor guy Gilles gets fired
before his first day of work on Saturday
live here's the difference Chappelle is
funny Chappelle is funnier that's it you
could get away with all kinds of stuff
if you're funny because if people laugh
they say oh I get it
you're being offensive to make me laugh
it did make me laugh I get it
you know I'm laughing at myself for you
know treating seriously the topic when
you were just trying to make me laugh so
it's the laugh when you look when you
looked at the old tape of Gilles saying
the comments he said you couldn't even
tell he was trying to be funny really I
mean I don't know if he was but if he
were if he was if he was he failed so
that's that's a comedy rule and it's one
that I follow with my comics I often
draw a comic in draft form and I look at
it and say oh that's gonna that's gonna
make somebody mad that's gonna offend
somebody and then I ask the second
question how funny is it if it's funny
enough all offend people because only
the truly humorless people are going to
be bothered and you can't help them
there's nothing you can do to help them
but if it's funny I will defend it
because it's humor and if people are
laughing I'll say see that's what I was
trying to do is see there's people
laughing that's funny that's why I did
it so it's not about the offense but the
offense is part of the juice it's part
of the energy of it so it's it's using
something people would recognize as
offensive but repurposing it into a joke
which is the art of it Chapelle does
that like maybe nobody's ever done and
Gilles just doesn't do it so he got
fired maybe he will learn let's talk
about Iran now let's talk about so
a Twitter user Tim zaral and I may be
pronouncing it wrong because it starts
with an X his last name he's at X er ila
and D but I I tweeted this today so you
can see it any tweeted a Nike ad that
Kapernick use and it's a in which it's
one of the just do it ads and one of the
main themes is the skateboarder who's
trying to scape or down a long set of
railing and he keeps falling off onto
the concrete and getting back up and
until he till he makes it work and the
essence of the commercial is how amazing
this guy is because he doesn't quit you
know he falls off the rails and he just
gets back on and does again and somebody
took my this Tim zero and took my audio
from when I was talking about it on
periscope and dubbed my audio over the
commercial so you can see the visual of
the commercial but you can hear me
talking about how dumb it is and it's
actually pretty well done so take a look
at that you won't know that it's my
voiceover when you see the tweet you
actually have to play the tweets no it's
me
and then somebody mocked me by saying in
response to that tweet somebody on
Twitter said to me sounds like he had a
fun childhood as opposed to the famous
skateboarder so he was saying the
skateboarders you know living his life
just doing it having a good good life
the people like me probably did not have
a good childhood to which I responded
which one of us had more concussions
just letting that lay there for a minute
I could say more about that but I think
I said it all I would be willing to bet
a very large amount of money that said
skateboarder has brain damage maybe not
the kind that keeps him from going to
work but certainly the kind that will
affect his life in a way that he will
not like the entire ad showed him
skateboarding on top of a rail falling
repeatedly on concrete without wearing a
helmet without wearing a helmet without
wearing a helmet
he had no helmet this was Nike they
support sports
she said they showed somebody playing an
extreme sport with obvious risk of head
injury with no helmet totally despicable
all right and I have no concussions so
how about that stock meta ran so the
Iranian situation with the attacks on
Aramco oil facilities is of course we're
just now pulling out of the fog of war
so in the fog of war it looked like the
Houthis in Yemen launched some kind of
sophisticated drone attack that flew
many miles into a neighboring country
and did with pinpoint accuracy take out
much of an oil facility now when I heard
that I said to myself that sounds like
something I didn't think could happen
and the current situation the updates
are it probably did not happen that in
fact the Houthis are probably taking
credit for something they did not do
because they would not have that
capability
number one it looks like it was not
drones
had it been drones I would have said
yeah maybe they could do that you know I
mean they would have had to get the
drones from somebody else meaning Iran
but maybe they could do that but
apparently they were
cruise missiles now I don't think the
Houthis have cruise missiles and it
looks like preliminary they were
launched from Iran and that they were
launched on a path that was intended to
disguise where they came from in other
words it handed him the wrong they
handed in the wrong aggression before
the right direction reportedly some of
them did not succeed and blow up at
their destination but rather have been
captured in tact which some people are
saying would give whoever found them
enough information to know where they
came from is that a thing if you find an
unexploded cruise missile does it still
have in its memory I guess information
about where it came from
does it store that because it seems to
me if I were going to send a cruise
missile the first thing I do is a race
or at least have a program in there that
it would erase any mention of where it
came from is that that's not a thing you
know really we they're making cruise
missiles these sophisticated devices and
when it lands if it's unexploded you can
tell exactly where it came from
maybe I'm not going to rule that out but
I'm surprised to hear that so here's
what's developing so there's still some
uncertainty about whether Iran was
involved but maybe we'll nail that down
maybe we won't and so the question I
asked myself is what exactly would Iran
be trying to accomplish by doing this
and I'm a little bit confused on the
motivation aren't you if you were if you
were the Iranian supreme leader and you
wanted to guarantee that your country
got destroyed and bad things happen to
you
while making not much impact whatsoever
on your enemies this is the sort of
thing you do because what exactly did
Iran think would happen let's say
hypothetically we determine it was that
how do we explain the motivation because
I don't get it do you
so I certainly understand if they
thought they could not be detected if
they thought they could not be detected
then I suppose anything you do to a
mortal enemy is fair game but if they
were not detected were they trying to
make it look like the Houthis had more
power than they do well in exactly what
way were they trying to influence Saudi
Arabia see that parts missing right
because what would you reasonably expect
to happen there were two possibilities
if the Houthis ended up let's say
incorrectly being blamed because they
took credit for it I think taking credit
for it is probably something that the
Iranian asked them to do don't you think
just speculating but with the Houthis
take credit for it just for no reason
not for no reason but would they do it
for their own reasons do they have an
internal reason to take credit for it
because it feels like they don't because
it would just make Saudi Arabia angrier
or would it make them want to they're
certainly not well let me put it this
way if the point was for the Houthis to
convince Saudi Arabia to stop supporting
the government in Yemen I always think
that would work the opposite right
because how could Saudi Arabia abide by
allowing the Houthis to let's say
prevail in Yemen if they're the ones who
just took out their oil refinery and
they're right on their border I don't
see any situation in which the Houthis
said ah you know it'd be good is to
attack a major infrastructure within the
country that were right next to
here's some here's some terrorist advice
don't attack a major installation of the
country you're right next to if it's a
much bigger country this just feels like
bad strategy right so certainly anything
they do with in Yemen feels like it's
contained but I don't get the strategy
now it could be I'm just not seeing it
so there may be in an hour somebody will
go on CNN and say or Fox News and say
here's why they did it makes perfect
sense and I'll say okay I didn't think
that what I haven't heard yet so I can't
see the Houthis thinking it would be in
their self-interest and yet they took
credit for it which suggests that the
Iranians might have asked them to take
credit to you know to conceal what they
did so then here's the thing why would I
ran want to cause this much damage with
the high risk of being detected you have
to think if it's if they were a cruise
missiles do they really think we're not
gonna detect cruise missiles I mean I
feel like we could do that I know it
looks like we will so why would they do
something that has such a high risk of
being caught and really isn't gonna
change the balance except make it worse
for them I don't see any situation in
which Iran could have plausibly
considered that this action would have
helped them can you okay in the comments
am I missing something huge somebody
says putting bombs on tankers is nuts to
know because the bombs and the tankers
were so minor that they could they could
and were you know almost ignored we did
a cyber attack but you know there was
nothing kinetic there so it seemed to me
that when they did the threatening the
shipping that felt like more negotiating
didn't it because they didn't try to
kill anybody they were just trying to
they're just trying to remind us that
shipping is at risk right so it's sort
of like they reminded us somebody say
has to do with Bolton and if Bolton's
gone they feel like they can do anything
they want really do you think the
Iranians are so
unsophisticated that they think that
that Bolton was the difference between
what's gonna happen in Iran I don't
think so I doubt it and by the way if
Bolton left and they thought there was
less chance of war
wouldn't they be trying to negotiate
instead because it feels like
negotiating without Bolton would be a
better play than doing anything with
Bolton so here's where I stand the
official story is that Iran is behind it
and probably behind it I don't
understand it
do you because sure of having some
motivation that can make any kind of
sense and remember whatever you think of
the Iranian leadership so far they've
done things which can quite directly be
tied to their self-interest yeah you can
see what do they want what do they do
okay doing that makes sense if this is
what you want but this latest thing
somebody says an oil price increase so
it would make their own oil could that
be the play but that would be a terrible
play because again the odds of being
detected are so high so how do we
explain this even if I were to speculate
like trying to get in the heads of their
Iranian leadership are they thinking
that they will simply cause enough
trouble that everybody will back down
and just let them have their way in the
Middle East that's not a thing right
they couldn't possibly think that could
they they they would have to think that
escalation is met with other escalation
especially since you know there's so
many people calling for that at specific
escalation were they trying to do it to
get a result in Yemen and again the fact
that the Iranians obviously would be the
technical backing for even if the
Houthis did something how does that help
them because it would still be obvious
that came from Iran so I don't get that
and how does and how does a partial
attack on a sovereign country Saudi
Arabia how does a partial attack ever
make sense
because I know when we do it we're
usually you know bombing some country
that doesn't have the the facility to
fight back the Saudi Arabia is a lot of
facility to fight back it just doesn't
make sense on any strategic military
political negotiating level that I can
understand so yet but you know that
price increase in oil that's such a
temporary thing I don't see that they
would do something they would risk being
eradicated you know risk total war on
Iran I don't think they would risk it
for six months of higher oil price does
that make sense somebody says they're
doing it to bring on Armageddon if you
wanted to bring on Armageddon you would
try harder right I mean blowing up half
a oil refinery how hard is that even
trying they would try harder than that
they have a lot more weapons if they
were gonna empty the you know empty the
magazines I'll try to use the right gun
terminology I know the pedantic here get
all over me so they they would have
emptied the magazine if they wanted to
just get killed in the process because
the oil refinery does not guarantee that
they get destroyed in a an end war
Armageddon situation but if they've done
more they certainly could have made it
happen and they could have done more
somebody says it's personal like a feud
well here's the thing that would suggest
that Iran has for the first time just
suddenly started being irrational in
their international relations that would
be a change and it would not be
explained by anything
could it be explained by the Ayatollah
actually losing his faculties let me let
me introduce let me introduce a new idea
okay here here's an idea that I believe
is the only idea in terms of explaining
the situation that can fit all the
available facts are you ready
the Ayatollah has been trying to
skateboard on a railing
ACEF got brain damage ordered some crazy
stuff he's the supreme leader they
couldn't stop him now of course that's a
semi joke but the real point is he is of
a certain age can somebody tell us in
the comments remind me how old he is
open up another device and check that
out
how old is how many and notice how well
I pronounce that how many that's because
I just did my audiobook and I had I had
how many his name in there and it took
me 20 minutes working with my with my
audio editor to figure out how to
pronounce that correctly
alright so he's around 80 so how many
people at age 80 still have all of their
faculties now if you're in the United
States you've got the 25th amendment and
we have a process for a comfortable and
elegant way to replace somebody who's
who's lost their mental faculties how
does that work in Iran if you're the
Iranian leader and you've started to
lose it you know there's some point at
which anybody will be replaced you know
there's some amount of craziness where
even your friends and relatives will say
okay you're going in the closet now you
know we're you know there's nothing left
of you we're just gonna put you in the
closet now but what happens in the first
25% of that journey let's say you're 80
years old and you're starting to lose it
you know you're not all the way we're
even even your friends and allies are
gonna say okay that's too far we have to
do something now what if he's still in
complete power and he's lost 25% of his
brain processing power
how unusual would that be if you're 80
years old unfortunately not unusual so
if I had to pick one explanation it goes
like this Supreme Leader Khamenei is
reaching a point of declining mental
capability and this is the most visible
signal of it
it could be telling us that internally
the Iranian leadership is having some
tough decisions they need to make
because imagine this even if you thought
that how many was not let's say
obviously mentally defective you know
let's say you'd you'd had a meeting with
him and you didn't detect anything there
was that different but then you walk out
of the meeting and you find out by
reading the international news that the
guy you just had a meeting with probably
just ordered a massive drone attack on a
neighboring country which would almost
guarantee that you personally are going
to get killed you personally the person
who just left the meeting because you're
also a high-level Iranian official or
you wouldn't be having meetings with the
supreme leader and you're kind of dead
now if it if it turns out that this
sparks a war of course the leadership
would be in the most peril
you know the soldiers would be bombed
first but that would be just to get to
the leadership and they would be kind of
dead so if you were one of the leaders
around the Ayatollah what would you
think of presumably the leaders decision
to launch this attack if that's what
happened what would you think of that
would you think that was mentally
capable some might but not all of them
so here's my guess my guess is that
internal to the Iranian leadership to
the degree that they also believe that
Iran launched the attack maybe they
don't believe it but I would imagine
that they're starting to believe it they
should be having conversations about
getting rid of the top guy and what that
looks like so I would almost guarantee
that there are serious conversations and
RAM going on right now about a change in
leadership
and that's and that's my so that's my
best speculation is that this attack if
it were if it's proven Lance Iranian and
we don't see any other clear motive that
it's actually just a mental problem and
that the Iranian people might actually
need just need some help right because
remember I say this often Iranian people
are pretty awesome I mean everybody says
that right as a country they produce
great people highly educated you know
well meaning many of them live in this
country I know tons of you know Iranian
Iranian immigrants and you know second
generation and they're just awesome
people so I would love a future in which
the United States and Iran could freely
travel and you know we're getting along
great and everything so I feel like
we're solidly on the side of the Iranian
population and it turns out they're
pretty Pro pro-western themselves and
they're not big fans of their own
leadership but as long as their
leadership was at least mentally capable
you know they could apparently they
could put up with it or at least you
know they're willing to put up with it
versus whatever the alternative is which
could get ugly
a revolution but now would they still be
willing to put up with this because if
you're an Iranian citizen and you
believe that your leadership just
attacked a major oil facility in a
neighboring country that is bristling
with American military technology and is
and you're surrounded by enemies who
would just love to take you out and are
just looking for a good excuse and you
just gave it to them and you're the
Iranian people and you say who's gonna
pay for this by who
who's gonna pay for this mistake
mostly the Iranian citizens this is a
mistake by the Iranian leadership that
puts at risk what half a million would
you say if there were a full-out war
with Iran would it kill half a million
Iranian citizens who are trying to mind
their own business probably I mean it
would be in that that range right I mean
somewhere between fifty thousand and
half a million when you guess would be
the the cost of war with Iran depending
on how quickly we could get to their
leadership so it feels like the war is
on
so let me say that again it feels like
the war is on but here's the twist the
United States is on Iran side not Iran's
leadership side but on a ran side the
United States is actually siding with
the population of Iran because I think
again it's speculation that the citizens
are just saying we did what how many
times do you think the Iranian citizens
once we're paying attention to
international affairs how many times do
you think they were you know silently in
their coffee shops or hookah bars or
whatever they do their cafes and how
many of them just read that news and
they looked at each other and they said
we just did what because they realize
what just happened they realize that
their leadership just took it too far
and how would they explain it you're
sitting in the cafe are you saying ha ha
I'm so glad we you know gave a black eye
to our enemy Saudi Arabia do you think
maybe I know
could be but I think a lot of them are
sitting there saying oh we cow there was
yeah Ayatollah you had one job you had
one job don't start a war with the
United States let me explain this more
carefully to you
supreme leader Khamenei this this is
every Iranian citizen talking we we like
that you're working on you know keeping
the country running and stuff like that
those are all important jobs but those
are mostly delegated right the supreme
leader is not picking up the garbage
that's mostly delegated you know their
local elections and stuff on that stuff
he basically had one job Supreme Leader
you had one job don't start a war with
the United States and you're sitting in
your cafe or wherever you you turn on
your phone and you see the news that
your supreme leader did the one and only
thing
he's not supposed to do he had one job
don't start a war with the United States
it looks like you might have just done
it we don't know how this will shake out
all right that's all I have to talk
about today I hope that you have all
pre-ordered my book loser think early
early opinions are stellar people are
liking it everybody is telling me it's
going to be a gigantic bestseller and
I'm sure they're right you can pre-order
it just go to my Twitter feed or just
just Google lose or think and go to your
favorite bookseller and you can see if
they're available for immediate
pre-order delivery in November 5th those
asking it will there be an audiobook the
answer is yes I have already recorded
the audiobook and it will be available
for pre-order as well thank you to those
who have already pre-ordered I know you
want to want me to talk about corn pop
but I just can't get it just in that
story maybe tomorrow I'll take a look at
it
and
I will talk to you later