is anything
working nothing seems to be
working that is
sad all right that doesn't seem to be
working
hey
everybody how about that is that working
now a little technical glitch
there but I think
[Music]
we're works for you
good what I like to hear
let's get some comments up here and then
we'll have a show oh yeah show like no
other I mean could be like others but I
wouldn't know
really all right ladies and gentlemen
where is my
show no that's not
it I know I've got a show because I'm
doing it right now but according to
locals I don't
1027 all right is right be on locals
right
now locals was
on can somebody tell me if locals is
working because I don't see it on my own
uh don't see it on
mine see the
pre-show but I don't see the 28th
there it is of course it's completely
out of
order of course it's just out of
order good morning everybody and welcome
to the highlight of human civilization
it's called coffee with Scott Adamson
wow what a show what a show it's coming
up but if you'd like to take this
experience up to levels that nobody can
understand with their tiny shiny human
brains all you need for that is a cup or
muger glass a tanker chalice or Stein a
canteen jug or flask a vessel of any
kind fill it with your favorite liquid I
like coffee and join me now for the
unparallel pleasure the dopamine H in
the day the thing that makes everything
better it's called the simultaneous Sip
and it happens now go
now admit it you do feel simultaneously
better yeah the Sip does
that it's
amazing well just in time for the
election um let me see if I can predict
the uh science news a year ahead of time
uh we'll travel back in time to one year
ago and I'll make a prediction that one
week before election there will be a
really scary un story about how climate
change is out of control way worse than
we thought let's see let's check the
news uh seems to be one week before the
election yes and then oh here we go um
the the UN announced uh that the that
the temperature is going to be maybe up
to 3.1
Celsius I don't even know what any of
that means but let's just say that's
warmer and they say they're going to go
way past the goals of the Paris Accords
and this means that everything will be
bad and we'll be too hot and the world
will be underwater and we'll all die
unless you vote for KL Harris in which
case she will save the planet by sending
all of your money to other
countries where it will cool
off cuz that money is way too hot in
this country way too hot we got to send
it where cool
off okay speaking of cool things so
scientist at Ohio State figured out how
to cut the energy use in half for
sucking water out of the
atmosphere uh I just a minute before I
went live I bought a device off of
Amazon that can allegedly grade water
out of the
air and I thought to myself might need
that because the water in my area is not
looking so good and uh but if I can do
it at twice the efficiency well then I'd
have something I think it runs off of uh
solar so I can just plug it into my
solar and make water that's right I'm
going to make my own
water I got my own electricity uh
generators too that are also solar so
I'm going
to if I lose Electric
El I'm going to charge up my phone of
course I won't have anybody to call
because the rest of you will have no
electricity and uh but I'll make my own
water now I have to figure out how to
make my own food I'm GNA I think I'll
grow a cow I'll give it a name make it a
house to hold pet but if things go
badly I'm going to eat the
Pet Well Trump apparently is doing
something rather clever he's funding his
own trans transition team in
anticipation of winning and the reason
is that if you wait to do it the
official way the general Accounting
Office will pay for it all it's really
expensive to do all this vetting and
planning and talking to people and
hiring and stuff but if you do it on
your own you can start
early so Trump's using his own money or
donations I suppose and uh starting now
now that does solve in my opinion the
biggest problem he had in his first term
that he didn't have the right people it
looks like he solved that and on top of
the right people he's got his old uh
X-Men as we like to call them his pirate
ship of of incredible people from RFK Jr
to V to JD Vance to you name it um to
musk of
course speaking of
musk uh he says he can cut $2 trillion
out of the $6.6 trillion
budget now we of course wonder how he's
going to do
that but do you believe that he could
cut uh two out of
six you know something like close to 30%
of all the expenses of the government do
you think he could do
that I do yeah I totally do I don't know
how
and I suspect there's more than one way
to do it but my guess is yeah that's
doable I don't think a politician could
do
it so I think you need a second term
Trump you couldn't even do this with a
first term Trump you need a second term
Trump and an Elon Musk two people who
would be willing to risk a bullet to
save the
country literally riskable it to save
the country short of that you're not
going to get it done
and and even that's a stretch I mean
that's pretty optimistic but yeah I
think he could do
that I saw a video of uh Benny Johnson I
guess he would be a independent
journalist would that be the right
discussion but he was handing out Maga
hats in a uh in a pretty much all black
Atlanta
neighborhood what do you think
happened so the whest white guy Trump
supporter Benny Johnson goes to the
darkest place in in Atlanta and starts
hanging out handing out Trump
hats they love
them now I don't know if they addited
down any video that somebody didn't like
it but to watch the
reactions the the people getting the
free hats were not just taking him they
were putting them on like oh yeah Trump
trump all the way Trump and you did not
see that in
2016 there there's something
happening that is big it's mostly men
you know most of the people taking it
were men but I think men just have
decided
that the I guess the fear is part of the
fun now uh maybe that's the wrong way to
say it the fact that other people will
will not like it is part of the fun so
if you know you can offend other people
by putting that hat on well maybe that's
part of the fun so that's a big
difference from
2016
um I saw a post from somebody I don't
know but dror Dr Ben brck was in
Manhattan I think probably for the uh
the big rally and he said he was walking
around Manhattan with a magga hat and he
got only positive
reactions can you imagine that can you
imagine walking in
Manhattan the the The Bluest of blue
places and that the only comments he got
were
positive isn't that
wild again something's happening there
there's something very very big
happening and I don't know if we have
words for it
yet but to me it's
biological see see I think the reason
that the it's not in the news and nobody
could write a story about it is is that
is not based on anything rational it is
rational but that's not what's driving
it I think it's pure
biology I I think that men are
recognizing a threat from the outside
immigration and maybe you know maybe
Russia maybe uh China depending on what
you're afraid of and that men
automatically surround themselves with
the strongest leader or vice versa um
whenever there's outside threat so I
think that the that Trump being
obviously the strongest of the
candidates uh in terms of you know being
a badass um he just naturally attracts
men when there's an external threat I
think that's what's happening I think
that men are sensing an external threat
maybe internal but whether it's internal
external you still you still are drawn
to the strong leader I I can feel that
like actually in real time a as a adult
male biological human being I feel
myself just being pulled toward the
stronger
leader and you also see that people are
willing to take
leadership you know the uh tremendous
number of uh early voters that are
Republican this
time I said before that the real story
there is not that it's telling you who's
going to win because it doesn't you know
anything could happen
but what it does tell you is that
Republicans change their behavior in a
very substantial way which means that
they're keyed into
leadership did does that connection make
sense in other words you feel your
leader strongest when the threat is the
highest we feel our
leaders you can you can feel it and when
Trump says if you want to win vot early
people say my leader just told me to
vote early so I'll vote early and then
they do so you're seeing leadership
happen in in just a really direct way
that you don't normally see now people
have other reasons for voting in person
and that's fine but you can see an
enormous an enormous
Instinct that's purely biological I
think just people saying all right now
is the time to have a leader this is not
the time to play around so you you tell
us what you need we're going to go that
because we trust
you that's what's
happening
um Elon Musk is pushing the idea I think
I saw uh Michael shellenberger on this
as well that the Legacy broadcasting
networks the ABC NBC CBS and all them
they depend on free government uh
Airwaves so nobody else can use cbs's
signal the government says that's your
signal but the government allows them to
use that signal because it's a public
good but what happens when those same
networks morph into just cover for the
Democrats which is what they are at that
point they're no longer serving the
public they're serving one political
party and in my opinion which agrees
with musk and probably yours if you're
not going to serve the whole public and
they're very much not then you should
lose your license
if th if that uh if those
frequencies are a public right or a
public asset let's say why would we use
them against ourselves why would I want
a public asset to be used against my
interests that's makes no sense so I
think that the question of whether they
should be up for bid and maybe privatize
them and let the free market do what the
free market does might make sense
and maybe those
companies buy their rights back and go
on with business and maybe we realized
that they were never real news
businesses in the first place they were
just
propaganda but uh it's a good question
why they're getting any government
Spectrum well as you know if you watch
television uh the Democrats have put on
what I'll call the the H Mary of full
Hitler strategy now a Hail Mary is when
you throw a desperate pass at the end of
the game and you hope your your team
catches it in the end zone but a h Mary
is when you know you're going to use the
election so you make a desperate play to
turn your your bon it into Hitler see if
that makes a difference so that's the H
Mary strategy now you saw
um it it was funny to watch it being
formed because now we we know all the
gears of the machine so we know all the
players
and we know how they play so you get to
watch it as it's forming so when I was
watching James
Carville uh roll out this idea before
anybody said it that the idea that the
Madison Square Garden event that Trump
held last night would be reminiscent of
the
1939 Hitler rally now when I first heard
that I thought to myself oh that's the
dumbest thing I've ever heard nobody's
going to copy that who in the world is
going to think just because a big event
place that has had many big events which
by the way included Jimmy Carter holding
a big event there well after
1939 yeah uh I think one of the I think
Bill Clinton held an event there well
after
1939 and there's a a group of other
Nazis what they call themselves The the
New York nicker boers so that those
Nazis are playing there tonight
so I thought to myself how in the world
is James garville going to sell the idea
that using an event center for an event
the kind of events that are happening
all over the country all the time that
this one time it's about
Nazism and I thought there's no way
that's going to catch
on did any of you think that was going
to catch on I was laughing at it because
I thought oh everybody's going to ignore
Carville because that's so stupid and
then you wake up this morning in MSNBC
is just Wald wall
Hitler oh yeah oh yeah everybody saw it
Hitler Hitler Hitler I mean my God it
was full of
haters one one comedian tells one joke
that an a context sounded bad about
Puerto Rico and and they decided to take
it an of Contex which is the thing they
do and uh turn it into into whole
evening of it's Hitler and their haters
and and all that so the joke was uh was
it Tony Hinchcliffe is that his name um
he uh apparently he knows a lot more
about Puerto Rico than we do so one of
the things he knows because apparently
vacations there is that Puerto Rico will
tell you they have a enormous problem
with uh garbage so if you go to the
beaches it's just garbage from partly
from past hurricane but partly because
they have a garbage problem so if you go
to the the island one of your bigger uh
Impressions apparently is there's it's
just surrounded by
garbage now he made a joke about there's
a floating island of garbage you know
you may have heard of it it's called
Puerto Rico now if you heard that joke
out of
context I will admit
that out of
context that sounded pretty bad because
it sounded a little bit like you know
that the island is a garbage island
which would suggest not the highest
opinion for the people on the island
even though most of them said it was a
joke and just laughed at it I mean I
live in
California so I'm pretty used to people
telling that me that my state is a a a
feal uh Festival
but I don't take it personally because I
have not taken a crap on even one
sidewalk well okay no no not even once
not even
once uh but I would take it as a joke if
somebody said I
did so I imagine that the people in
Puerto Rico if they saw it in context
and they knew the joke they'd take it as
a joke because everybody has a sense of
humor when it comes right down to
it however if it was easily taken out of
context and it was to turn into full
morning of news and all the usual uh
Basia crazy people were all over it so
sure enough James Carville managed to
pull out of his bag of dirty magic
tricks uh that using an event center for
an event made you a Nazi and he he got
all the propagandist to say it now
here's what's cool everybody who repeats
that is not in the news business let me
say that as clearly as I can the beauty
of this medicine Square Garden thing
being called the Nazi thing is that it's
so stupidly not
true that anybody who gives it any
serious attention is clearly not in the
news business they have taken the
propaganda business to heart so you turn
on MSNBC and it's just wall to--all
nothing but Hiller Hiller you go oh I
get it MSNBC is not real you look at the
Atlantic and I don't even know what
they're going to say about it but I do
know what they're going to say about it
and then you you say oh I get it that
that's not news or even entertainment
it's just a propaganda vehicle and then
of course at least half of the people on
CNN are treating it that way and they
would be the propagandist but I will
give CNN credit they probably will have
Scott Jennings on later today he
probably will tell them they're all a
bunch of idiots and then they
will talk over
him because I guess that's what they
do but no nobody takes it seriously
there's no there's no smart
person who thinks that anything about
that was dangerous or nail likee can we
can we say that you'd all agree with
that there's no smart person they're
either liers or they're really
stupid that that's pretty much all
that's going on
so it's kind of pathetic that that was
the best they could do it does it does
show that they've completely given up on
policy they've given up on capability
they've given up on age they've they've
given up on every attack except the one
that's completely made up um and as
Charlie Kirk points out it might not be
that they're trying to change voters
opinions that's the scary part it may be
that they're trying to get somebody to
take them out it may be that the only
reason they're doing the Hitler stuff is
that if you say fascist nobody gets a
gun to kill them you know why because
nobody's quite sure what fascist
means so you can call people fascists
all day long and nobody tries to kill
them how do I know that because we've
been doing it for my whole life my whole
life both sides have been calling each
other fascists every election all the
time and nobody's tried to kill somebody
because of that you know other reasons
but not because of that now we don't
really we don't take fascist too
seriously but when you call somebody
Hitler and you do it over and over again
and you say he's going to round people
up and put them in camps yeah somebody's
going to get a gun and it may have
happened twice already so to me it looks
like the propagandists are playing every
angle they can to get Trump taken care
of one way or the
other uh
and so even mik is is saying it's a
rally of hate you would only have to
watch the rally for like a minute and a
half to see it was about uniting the
country and there was tons of diversity
and there there was lots of you know
Jewish people there and Jewish
SS just the complete opposite of the
coverage from the
propagandists um anyway but most of the
news will be about Tony Hinchcliffe
making one joke because that's what we
do
uh New York Post they had a headline
they they're backing Trump so this is
how the news could have been so this is
from a prot trump um entity New York
City shows Trump love at jam-packed
rally is that fair New York City shows
Trump love at jam-packed rally that's an
accurate
statement and it's it's well stated
because you don't expect the state of
New York to go to Trump so if Trump who
will probably lose maybe narrowly but
lose New York State goes there and has
the biggest event of all time in the
hardest place you could ever have it if
you're a republican it's Quite a feat
it's Quite a feat if you look at the
energy of it you look at the trend of it
it's all
Trump so um but did uh did K Harris have
any any good wins yes she did yes she
did so while Trump uh was coming off the
massive massive win of being on Joe
Rogan which has seen tens of millions of
times and is one of the biggest events
ever um surpassing by about 10 or 100
times the size of K Harris being on her
little podcast that people mocked uh and
then he goes to Madison Square Garden
where he's got 20,000 inside 70,000
outside no trouble everybody's loving a
nice diverse
mix but it's not like Harris was doing
nothing she visited a black barber
shop how do you think that
went if your answer is awkward you are
correct yes she she awkwardly
pretended to do what Trump had just done
so so if she gets a job at McDonald's
next for the first time some
say uh how could she go out in public
how in the world could you book an event
at a black barber shop right after
Trump made news by being so smart that
he booked a black barber
shop but again not to be outdone uh Tim
wals is also in on it so Tim wals uh
tried to cter
the massive massive TV event called
Madison Square Garden and Trump and all
of the X-Men and his pirate ship as
supporters uh he was in a a little ugly
room playing video games with
AOC so I mean let's say millions and
millions of people watching unity and
success on TV with massive happiness
in
optimism uh and then some people watched
two people playing video games and
bitching so how do we score it uh
Politico has been giving a an award out
every day for who had the best day so
Politico gave the day to KL
Harris I'm not making that up Politico
looked at everything that happened
yesterday and they said hm I think we're
going to give that that one to
Harris
what're we're watching the most uh
unbalanced campaign I've ever seen I
mean what there's one who's breaking
records for how how well you've done a
thing and how innovatively there's
another one who's copying him lamely
well after the
point and losing every single hour of
every day and Politico is like yep KL
Harris you're the winner because a
comedian made a joke somebody didn't
like well here's a post from Fisher King
I like his writing so I'm going to I'm
going to read it to you this kind of
sums things up sometimes you don't
understand things fully until you see
them all in the same place because we
have like this distributed Badness that
there are all these little things
happening and then you forget how many
there are until somebody puts them in
the list but here's what fiser king says
to prevent to prevent Trump from
becoming president the left has number
one tried to remove him from the ballot
on 16 States two tried to bankrupt him
with frivolous civil lawsuits three
tried to jail him with fake criminal
prosecutions four encouraged his steria
that resulted in two assassination
attempts and Beyond this they hobbled in
an office with h FES like the Russian
nonsense and state prosecutors filed
lawsuits after lawsuit to prevent him
from enforcing immigration law they
impeached him twice they also suggested
he was mentally ill or incompetent with
professors writing newspaper editorials
that was a funniest
part there's a power structure that is
frightened to death of a new Trump
presidency a lot of people are involved
in the conspiracy described above to
keep him from power to have a healthy
country the people involved in this
funded this needed to be flushed out and
criminally prosecuted where appropriate
if this happened it would be a major
achievement of trump cleaning out
corruption that subverts the American
system now here's what I didn't know in
2016 I didn't know who all the bad guys
were but now they're they're so obvious
it's so obvious who all the bad guys are
because they're the the propaganda um
you know
swingers so
I don't know we'll see if uh Trump can
make that
happen um here's what Harris is saying
she did a message to America Donald
Trump is increasingly unstable and
unhinged he is seeking unchecked power
so when you hear that kind of
language you know that's somebody who
doesn't have an argument doesn't have
policies doesn't have a better history
doesn't have capability doesn't expect
to win there are things you say when you
expect to win and things you say when
you expect to lose what you say when you
expect to lose is that the other side is
unstable and unhinged and looking for
power these are not things on people's
minds when you expect to win you say I
realize your biggest problem is high
prices here's what I'm going to do about
it that's what Trump does your biggest
problems with Sol prices I'm going to
bring energy down 50% I'm going to get
rid of regular ations I'm going to do
stuff with tariffs now I don't know if
that stuff will all work but at least he
identified my biggest concern and then
he told me some specific things which I
do understand that he would do about
them but but Harris is over there ah
he's increasingly unstable and
unhinged like
what you have an example is he so
unhinged that he has three good ideas
for bringing prices down
is that the unhinged what what is he
unhinged for was he so unhinged that he
went on um Joe Rogan and got the biggest
win of ever and you didn't even go on
the show because he's all unhinged does
he have more and more people joining him
and putting on that Maga hat in Atlanta
because of all his
unhinges these these complaints about
unstable and unhinged you only do that
when you're already losing so badly I
mean this is is
pathetic this is
pathetic so anyway Democrats have taught
me two things here are the two things
that they have taught me number one
Trump is the biggest threat to
civilization and number two to defeat
the biggest threat to
civilization uh we must run as a
candidate our stupidest person in the
country who lies about everything that
Trump
says do those two things fit together
together Trump's the biggest danger
we've ever had and so our solution will
be the weakest most pathetic uh barely
functioning person we've ever seen in
politics biggest risk our solution will
be the weakest most pathetic thing
you've ever seen in your
life there there showing both of those
cards to us at the same
time just show us one of those cards at
a
time if all you told me is that Trump
was the biggest biggest Hitler problem
in the
world and you never said anything else
but you said it over and over again you
might even convince me because you know
repetition is part of persuasion if I
never heard anything else Trump is
Hitler Trump is Hitler just heard I'd be
like Oh I'm a little bit afraid of that
guy but when I see that the very people
who are saying it the very source of it
are offering the worst
possible really almost you can't even
come up with an idea that would be worse
than running Comm Harris to counter
it it can't both be true people it can't
be true that you're running commonly
Harris for a president and you think
it's a big problem that if Trump got
elected they can't both be true it's not
possible anyway another topic that's hot
is that rasmuson did a poll about uh
likely us voters and what they think
about
women um uh people people who identify
as women competing in women's sports so
that would be people who are born with
male characteristics but um currently
identify as women and what percentage of
likely voters do you think support U men
who identify as women being in
competitive women's sports what
percentage would you guess we'll see how
smart
you I feel like you're going to get this
one no hints no hints but just guess
what per think it's a good idea watch
the comments you're going to see some of
the
smartest I don't know how you do
it I don't know how you do it yep yep
every one of the answers is correct now
I now I have to tell you that not one of
them probably saw the news you maybe a
few of you but I doubt it so every one
of you no not 20% who said
20% who said 23% those are crazy it's
25 it's
25 it's exactly
25 now how is it that hundreds if not
thousands of people knew the exact
answer because as I've been telling you
for a long time no matter what the poll
question is or no matter what the topic
is 25% will get the wrong answer on
everything it's a different 25% I think
but they're very consistent
yeah according to Norman C who writes in
the American
Thinker um did you know that in some
states it's illegal to discontinue the
vote and then get back to
it do you know why that's illegal
now it's not every state but in several
States if you were to be counting the
votes at night and then say oops we're
going to we're going to take some time
off you know we're tired or we're going
to come back in the morning or we'll
take a few hours off do you know that's
against the
law not in every state but in several of
them do you know why it's against the
law it it's the reason you think because
if they take time off and then they come
back and count
probably the only reason was to cheat so
it's
illegal now here here's what makes it
more fun some of the states that did it
they have laws on the book that makes it
illegal so according to Norman
GG um he says therefore the votes
counted afterwards were arguably
voidable so anything that they counted
after a stoppage of counting according
to their own law in the state should not
have been counted even even if there
were real votes they shouldn't have been
counted that's how the law
Works um so that would have been the
case in South Carolina Pennsylvania
Georgia and
Nevada do those sound like important
places to
you Georgia
Pennsylvania South
Carolina in those States every vote that
happened after they stopped counting was
invalid but they were they were counted
anyway so if you say to yourself Scott
was the 2020 election
rigged yes it
was probably in a whole variety ways but
this is one so every vote that happened
after the stoppage but not in every
state so the states have different laws
but in those
States every vote counted after that
wasn't real
by the law of the state it's their own
law nobody's nobody's imposing it upon
these estates this is their own law and
they have that law to
prevent the very thing that we think
happened now here's the good
news I'm pretty sure that we're watching
really carefully now like I I think the
Republicans have wised up to where all
the vulnerabilities are they're going to
have trail cams and lawyers and it's
going to get messy probably in a good
way because maybe we'll change the
system but it's going to get messy
meanwhile uh for the last four years
entities have been trying to figure out
um if they can find out who paid for um
nine trucks that had uh over a million
allegedly counter fit mail ballots in it
for the 2020 election now there are
people who have signed um affid David so
they've they've sworn in court putting
their freedom on the line that they're
telling the truth that they saw ballots
that looked unambiguously fake you know
they they look too perfect and they're
all for the same person and uh we don't
know where the trucks disappeared to or
the people but apparently the US Post
Office knows who paid for the trucks if
you knew who paid for the trucks it
probably wouldn't be that hard to figure
out if they were
counterfeit and so the court after four
years of attempts to get the names of
who the who paid the truck the court has
turned it
down and the reason
is lack of
standing so all the Democrats who think
that the courts uh looked at all the
laws and decided that everything was
fine no so there
over a million votes that were in trucks
that we can't look at because of lack of
standing and then we've got several key
states that shouldn't have even counted
votes after they stopped but they did
anyway and then they got your states
that got the you know no requirement for
signatures and oh my God oh my
God it to me it's hilarious that the
country was ever hypnotized into
thinking our election systems were the
only Safe Systems in the country
everything else has been hacked
president Trump's own phone and JD
Vance's phone apparently were
compromised now I'm pretty sure they had
good Security on there and uh you
remember when Iran's nuclear facilities
got hacked and destroyed by hack I I'm
pretty sure if if State actors can get
into nuclear facilities and other
countries and people can get into a
president's phone former president and
and the blackmail hackers can close down
you know any one of these big systems
that we've seen them get into and close
down and if Christoper Ray is true is
right that the Chinese have already
penetrated and they've probably got
viruses sitting in our major
infrastructure but you think the
election was fair
the election was
fine just the the the
absurdity in imagining that our
elections are are fine when everything
else is
corrupt is beyond it's just beyond
imagination it would be far more likely
that everything was fine except for the
elections right because the elections
have the least amount of skill going
into them
because I assume that working as the
election technology guy is not not the
best job in the world for a techy so you
could you could imagine all the states
doing it differently would you know the
training's a mess and you only do it
once every few years so people aren't
all trained up and there's lots of
turnover so if that applied to any other
situation it would be a hot
mess which it is it's a hot mess but
some how they convinced us that the
biggest hot mess are are vared State
elections that those were the only
things that you could totally count on
while everything else that should be
bulletproof has been completely you know
um
penetrated and that's what they told us
to believe and almost everybody in the
country did believe it the the the level
yeah the the meter is is pinned
in the red on that one
well more things that aren't true uh so
as you know Israel responded to
Iran um some say that uh part of that
attack was actually on some of their
nuclear facilities that were underground
now that would if it were successful it
would have set back their nuclear
Ambitions in Iran if they have any but
the bigger story we're hearing today is
that uh Iran might not be happy with
their arms provider because Iran had
these anti- uh these air defense um
units from Russia the
s3000s so the s-300s would be their I
think their Premier uh military product
that would defend you from air attacks
do you know how well it defend it
defended against Israeli
attacks not at all close to
zero it it stopped nothing and the
Israelis just basically blew them up so
the the Israelis just blew them up on
the ground and then just owned the
Complete air over Iran took their time
had such good uh s such good
intelligence that they attacked exactly
where they wanted to to take out assets
without taking out people
and uh but the good news is that uh Iran
can rapidly uh buy some more of this
equipment than doesn't
work uh no actually they can't even buy
anymore because Russia is using it all
in their own uh against Ukraine so not
only does it not
work but you can't buy any more of
them Iran is in really really bad
trouble right now uh but the only thing
that keeps them from complete
destruction probably is that America
doesn't want Israel to go in and
have their way I guess I think it would
be a bad idea for Israel to attack Iran
under any conditions I think we all
agree on that but the the fact that they
can find these things to attack that
have so
much uh let's say propaganda value
because it makes Russia look
undependable as a arms dealer it makes
defending Iran look impossible in case
you want to cause more trouble and it
makes Israel look like they're hyper
competent in ways we don't even yet
understand so talking about winning the
news cycle oh my God it's about as hard
as you can win a news cycle now I guess
today we're supposed to act like we care
that the Democrats are having a fit that
they think of people gathering in one
place with Red Hats as are
Nazis does anybody think anybody's
taking any of it
seriously because I don't see anybody
who's not mentally ill who's taking a
serious seriously I mean I think this is
really just for the mentally ill and for
the the TV people to Yap about I'm
definitely not worried about any kind of
healer stuff do you remember when uh we
were supposed to be finding all these
white supremacist U militias what
happened to all the
militias don't you remember all the
stories about the the white supremacists
who were gathering with their arms up in
the hills they had training camps and
they ready to take over the country any
minute none that was real was it or did
they just all did they did the FBI put
them all in jail and they they solved
the problem no that was all made up
wasn't it it was all made
up so at this point in time you can see
the entire infrastructure of the fake
government you know that if you see Adam
Schiff or Eric swell that we're not
talking about what's good for the
country anymore
you know that if you see uh um John
Brennan or Clapper that the intelligence
Community is going to run a play on on
the citizens it's going to be a play on
us yeah so you know that if the
Washington Post runs a story it's
probably
fake you know that if the New York Times
runs a story you can't trust
it uh so there's things that we know now
that we didn't know we know that you
know Soros is
obviously up to no
good all right what's that I'm looking
at a hate
rally Morning Joe says it was really a
hate
rally well it was a hate rally we we
hate Morning
Joe um I would say I I have some hatred
in my heart for the
propagandists I don't have any hatred
from in my heart for anybody who got
propagandized but the people who are the
propag if that's a word I hate them yeah
I hate them and I and I think that if we
could find some way to put them in jail
that'd be
great um only if they've you know
violated laws you know I wouldn't want
them in jail if they haven't violated
any laws but if they have I mean it's
kind of amazing aming that the uh the
Clinton campaign only had to pay a small
fine for the Russia collusion hoax the
Russia collusion hoax that you should go
to jail for 30 years for that if you
were behind the Russia collusion hoax
that should be 30 years in jail because
that was that was overthrowing a
country I
mean we have the death penalty for
treason if if you try to run a coup on
the country and it doesn't work even if
nobody dies I think that's at least 30
years so that's what I
think accountability is not
Revenge that is
true all right
um in B Scott has never thought that he
hypnotized a single
person sounds like you're drinking I I
love it when people uh imagine what I'm
thinking and it's all weird and and then
they mock me for the thing that was only
in their mind and I never thought of
once like that
one yeah we we did not know how deep the
rot was in the Democrat Party
pay back all the Russian hoax
costs Trump said he help till stay in
jail yeah Nicole shannah and her team
makes insanely good
videos best I've seen
actually Springtime for Hitler
it seems like we need
that um do I have the Trump swastika I
don't know what you're talking
about all right ladies and gentlemen
that's all I have for today kind of a
slow news day which means there's going
to be a lot coming this coming week um
assume that everything you hear in the
news is
fake this would be a good week to assume
that that nothing in the news is real
like like every poll will be
yet every opinion will be
propaganda uh every new revelation of
something that one of them did in their
past probably not true uh K Harris's
accent not
true
anyway by the way I I'll I'll uh I'm
going to revise one thing that people
said about Harris as a as a
insult um she's
often criticized for backing Jesse
smle you remember when she backed him
but my understanding is that they're
related is that
true that uh Jesse mle is like a cousin
or something to
kis uh because if they're related then I
don't mind that she back them just a
family
thing none of it was very important
yeah yeah yeah it's not important Jesse
is old
news all right that's all I got I'm
going to go talk to the locals people
privately a little bit so if you're on
Lo if you're on exor rumble or YouTube
You're Going to disappear in 30 seconds
thanks for joining and I'll see you
again tomorrow morning for more
wonderfulness
locals
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e e