[Music]
hey everybody come on in here gather
around for those of you who are walking
on the beach and listening to this
Periscope which I understand is a
popular thing to do how's the
water um and to the rest of you I hope
you remembered to be prepared
for coffee with Scott Adams hey Upstate
New
York I'm sorry that you're in Upstate
New York so let us drink in sympathy for
someone who is in Upstate New York in
the
winter so much to talk about you're
right let's get going with the
simultaneous hip lift your glass your
mug your Stein your your receptacle of
any kind your chalice if you will fill
it with your favorite liquid I like
coffee and join me for the simultaneous
SE
oh yeah somebody said talk about Andrew
Yang I don't know if the story about
that so I'll look into that all right so
many
things let's start with the BuzzFeed
story that uh that President Trump asked
Michael Cohen to lie to Congress about
their plans for building a uh a Trump
Tower in Russia Russia I say now here
are the here's the
context number
one uh BuzzFeed is not a credible
source that could be just the end of the
story right I could just say a a source
which we which we know is not credible
has a story I don't should I even tell
you the story would it even matter once
I've said it's not a incedible source
and it's Anonymous sources hey it's
Anonymous
sources so the first thing you need to
know about it is that it doesn't have
any
credibility the second thing you need to
know about it is that they're leaving
out when I've been watching the
reporting on it this morning and I think
both you know both sides are leaving out
the most important Point here's the most
important point about that story that's
being left out now remember the whole
the whole narrative is that that uh
maybe Russia had something on Trump and
that there were working together and
they were colluding and you know maybe
Trump was trying to make some money off
this being president deal but this
story they're leaving out the biggest
question which is is there any any
question that this project would have
gone forward had the president actually
had the candidate Trump been elected
president
president obviously
no can you in any your greatest
imaginary you know Powers if you if you
put your full powers of imagination on
this can you imagine that had the
president become elected as he did that
they would have gone ahead with building
a Trump Tower in
Russia there's not even the slightest
chance of that so the big part of the
context is missing is that this was
always about what if I don't get elected
now if he doesn't get elected he has no
power
whatsoever and that's the scenario in
which a Russian project makes sense
who's saying that if you don't tell your
viewers hey here the most important
thing you need to know is that this was
the backup plan this is the the Trump
Tower plan only could have gone forward
if had no power to do anything that
Russia wanted he was just a business
person who lost an election and
obviously wouldn't be running again at
his age
probably so if you leave that out of the
story what the hell do you have oh you
have this this uh BuzzFeed non-credible
story which would also suggest that
there's somebody associated with the
Muller investigation who's
leaking Maybe everything else is leaked
but why would why would why would this
be the one thing that's leaking and let
me ask you this if BuzzFeed has a
source that can tell them tell BuzzFeed
the
details of what Russia what Cohen and
Trump allegedly said and by the way it's
just going to come down to he said she
said even if you know even if the
reporting is accurate in the sense that
Cohen claims this has happened
this still doesn't mean anything doesn't
have any legal Jeopardy there's no real
risk here except a c one of course
um so if BuzzFeed has a source this good
that they're getting that level of
detail about a top top
secret um Muller
investigation wouldn't wouldn't BuzzFeed
also know by now with this excellent
source wouldn't they know by now if
Muller has anything on
Trump think about it could BuzzFeed even
do this story and have a real source
that knows this level of who what
conversation
happened and yet not know that Mueller
does or does not have something powerful
on Trump
himself I think the BuzzFeed story you
have to see it as strong evidence it's
not proof but strong evidence that
Muller doesn't have anything you
anything that would have a legal or you
know serious implication all right so
that's the first thing we of course have
to talk about uh president Trump
canceling ncy P's flight but I feel like
it happened yesterday after I periscoped
and so so much has been said about it I
feel like i' just be retreading what
other people said I will simply
say that the
uh the Democrats attack that it's
childish I don't know that that's so
good of an attack because it's it kind
of highlights that Pelosi was being
childish with cancelling or I guess
postponing the uh State of the Union so
I don't think you're really on strong
ground if you say what she did was
perfectly reasonable and what he did was
childish to me it seems like they very
cleverly just matched her level of
childness
childishness which you kind of have to
do because you have to give that
mutually assured destruction thing where
if you if you go off script meaning you
do something that's you know nonstandard
politics we're going to go off script as
much as you want to go off script the
one one of the superpowers that Trump
always employs and is very powerful it's
powerful persuasion to essentially frame
him as the person who does this and that
is that however far off the path you're
willing to go he's going to go with
you there there's no point at which you
can count on the president to stay in
the channel that's his superpower so if
Pelosi says Ah I think you'll stay in
the channel I'm going to I'm going to go
over here a little bit out of bounds and
see if I can attack him out of bounds
with this you know uh postponing the
state of the union and what does Trump
do he goes you want to play out of
bounds I love out of bounds I live out
of bounds out of bounds is my home court
let's go out of bounds how's your flight
Nancy so it it feels like uh the type of
attack when I say attack I mean
political attack by postponing the State
of the Union it feels like the sort of
thing that maybe they thought was a good
idea when they tried it but it can't
possibly work with this particular
president cuz he's just going to go
further out of bounds than you and and
you can rely on that right that's sort
of his
brand so I don't think there's anything
you can say about the canceled flight
except that it was
hilarious it totally matched her
childishness he didn't go first you know
which which would have felt different
really he didn't go first and plus as I
as I uh mentioned yesterday it opens up
the possibility that they've released
the Kraken and now if Trump doesn't have
to do a state of the union in front of
this boring crowd sitting on their hands
or at least half of them he can maybe do
something more interesting or or he can
just do it later so he has more options
now than he had before and some of them
are better than the original options all
right um
CNN uh ran a very negative article on B
oror today on their website what does
that mean because remember CNN gets to
decide you know who whose article runs
and who doesn't I don't know if they
assign articles in every case sometimes
they probably do you know or suggest
articles but in any case CNN gets to
decide what's on their site and what
isn't and they have decided that a very
negative article about B saying that
he's only getting this much attention
because he's a white
male boom so CNN is
clearly trying to clear the field for
someone now if I had to guess probably
Cala
Harris so if you see CNN start to pick
off the weaker players in the field or
more important the stronger players to
get you know maybe they don't need they
don't need to pick off the weak ones
right but they probably need to pick out
pick off the ones that are in the hunt
you know the people are in the top five
so you should expect to see a negative
Bernie article a negative Biden article
a negative bet article we've seen and we
saw a negative article about Gabby
tulzer Tulsa Tulsa uh Gabby and so every
time you see a negative article about
another Democrat you should know that
whoever is in charge of our thinking is
is eliminating these choices so that we
don't have to consider
them all right um there's a wall was a
Wall Street article Wall Street Journal
article by Kimberly
strle saying that uh Bruce or FBI agent
Bruce or um did tell the FBI that the
so-called dossier was uh was funded by
the Clinton Administration or the
Clinton uh campaign
and and that it was not necessarily
reliable because it came from an
unreliable source and had not been
vetted
and it's a sort of story when I when I
see it and I think to myself wait is
that
new is that new news right so somebody
beat me to it it's old news and this
whole thing is starting to look like
Groundhog Day every new
story feels like we've already heard it
even if there's something new it just
feels like the same story over and over
again and uh in this case it it seems to
me the way reality is shaping up here as
we're learning more and more is that the
FBI the FBI started an investigation
without having strong
evidence now the people on the right are
saying there it is there's proof that
the FBI is crooked and you know there's
a deep State because they started an
investigation without solid
evidence I don't feel like that's a
rational attack here's why and it's it's
the it's the concept of expected
value expected value do you know how
that's calculated in economics and
business there's a there's a thing
called expected value where you say if
there's a 1% chance that this decision
will cost us a trillion dollars then the
value of the decision or the risk is 1%
times a trillion if there's a let's make
it easier if there's a 10% chance you
will earn $100 with this investment the
expected value is 10% time 100 or $10
right so if if you have lots of
decisions that's what that's how you
decide which ones to go with you
multiply the odds of it happening times
the dollar amount if it happens you know
whether it's plus or minus you just you
still do the the calculation now let's
say the FBI has two different um
potential cases one of the potential
cases is that there's suspicion that
somebody is committing some kind of a
normal federal crime across state lines
and somebody brings them information
which is not
credible so the crime is not that big
the alleged crime and the information
that it happened is not that credible
the FBI might say all right we don't
really have anything here if you could
bring me something that's credible then
maybe we'll open an investigation
because there's not much to gain with
this smish crime we're not going to put
a ton of resources on something that
doesn't even have solid evidence
but suppose you're talking about an
allegation that the president of the
United States is a Russian
mole what's that worth if it's true
trillions your life the future of the
planet the the nature of the country
it's the
biggest possible potential
problem when they had this information
which they knew came from the Clinton
campaign pain and they knew it was not
credible but there was a lot of it there
was a lot of it and it came through
somebody they knew it came through
somebody they'd worked with before who
had not lied to them
before now that's not credible
information still even though the person
who brought it they thought was was
credible they knew who he was working
for and therefore it was not
credible but if there's any chance
that this claim is true it's an enormous
cost so if you're the FBI and you're job
is to you know do your job to protect
the country and somebody brings you a
very small chance that something very
big might be happening do you open an
investigation and at least see if you
can find that there is some evidence and
I think that's
defensible meaning that if the FBI is
explanation of all this is yeah we did
not have credible information but this
isn't like any other case because the
stakes were so high and it was so
important to get an answer soon you
couldn't wait if if any of this was true
you just couldn't
wait that's pretty reasonable to me all
right and I know you hate this when I
when I act reasonable because I I know
most of you have a you know an opinion
and it's sort of solid but if you're
telling me the FBI looked into it
because it was a gigantic potential risk
and the evidence was terrible but you
just sort of got to look into it that's
not crazy and it's not not doing your
job and you know yeah I see somebody's
mentioning the fisa thing and the fisa
thing maybe didn't have all the
information in it Etc but keep in mind
if the scenario is that the FBI thought
there might actually be something to
this than the rest is paperwork right so
the the entire claim rests mostly on
intention somebody says you're missing
it or taking it out of context you can
you can give me a reason tell me what
I'm missing and or what context I left
out let me give you uh here's the
context that I think um that I think
addresses your
context if you believe that something is
right and you're doing the right thing
then everything you do feels right to
you I mean it's basic confirmation bias
so if you're saying well what about this
other thing and what about this this
text they found what about these other
things keep in mind that once you've
decided that there's a deep State you
will of course see lots of evidence of
it if you had decided there's not a deep
State you would of course see lots of
evidence say you were right so the fact
that you say wait you have to look at
all the things that's not a solid
thinking because it wouldn't matter what
big complicated your thing you're
looking at whether it's climate change
or rushia gate or anything in
politics um whatever opinion you have is
going to be surrounded with confirmation
bias in other words if you're totally
wrong your opinion will be mostly
confirmation bias
and if you're totally right in other
words you have the Right theory you
might have the Right theory and you're
still surrounded by confirmation bias
even though you're right so there might
be one right thing and all the rest of
the evidence you say see see look at all
this other evidence probably
confirmation bias because that's the way
the brain is is wired all right enough
on
that um someone brought to my attention
that my periscopes on the on the subject
of climate change when they're reposted
on YouTube they come with a uh a very
prominent
link by the video added by YouTube which
is owned by Google so they add a link to
the Wikipedia page saying that climate
change is is real and here are all the
links
so is it completely a
random algorithm change
the climate change when it's discussed
in any kind of a skeptical frame is
matched by
Google with a link to the most um
proclimate consensus site you could have
which is a Wikipedia page with all the
links uh demonstrating climate change is
that completely an algorithmic thing
because I use the right words you know I
use climate and skeptic and stuff like
that so it could be just
could be completely an algorithm right
they just recognized the topic and then
gave the maybe the most popular link
that is comprehensive to that topic
maybe they pair Wikipedia links with
lots of different
topics
maybe but here's the interesting thing
I'm going to call back to something I
said on another Periscope which is why
can't we deprogram terrorists
who are in the process of self
radicalizing self- radicalizing means
getting on the Internet and looking at a
B bunch of Isis propaganda and talking
yourself into being an Isis
terrorist if Google can talk Skeptics
out of their belief of climate science
by feeding them uh persuasive
links aren't we already doing that with
the radicals and could it be
one of the big reasons that we're seeing
less of
it because I and maybe we're not seeing
less of it so so first of all you have
to fact check that but it feels like the
United States is not having big problems
with domestic Terror there you know some
crazy guy here and there but it feels
like there could be a lot more of it I
guess there's no way to measure because
we don't measure cuz there's no way to
know uh what it would have been if we
had acted differently there's there's no
comparison point but I have to ask
myself I have to ask
myself is
Google using the same thing that they
used you know same technology they used
to pair my periscopes on climate change
with uh with a Wikipedia page aren't
they doing the same thing with the
terrorists if a terrorist tries to find
an Isis site aren't they going to be
bombarded with uh you know links and
popups and you know persuasion and
photos that would move them away from
that position and if not why the hell
not why the hell are we not doing that
if we if we I think we could be fairly
certain it works not 100% obviously but
I think we can say with complete
certainty that it would work to at least
reduce the
risk all right uh new topic um yesterday
I did a periscope in the afternoon on
just the topic of how to move forward on
this wall border security situation and
what I suggested was that we just asked
the Democrats for their plan and asked
them to put it on a graphic image so we
can see exactly what they want to do
compared to what we already have so it
maybe a picture that shows the various
ways we're protecting the border from
you know here here the river does it and
here there's a mountain and here there's
a just some sensors and in this one
maybe small place we need some steel
slats
whatever why don't we just ask them for
their plan CU here's the there's a
couple things I left down yesterday one
is if you asked either the the
Republicans or the Democrats to produce
this plan that's simple enough for the
the citizens to understand it's just
sort of a picture you know with some
numbers pointing to stuff
if either the Democrats or the
Republicans produced such a
plan I think they would look the
same here's the trick I think they would
look the same because they're not really
talking about different things anymore
and both the Republicans and Democrats
would never put out a a plan that didn't
have pretty widespread approval from
engineers and Border Security Experts in
other words the Democrat could never put
on a plan that the Border Security
Professionals say uh you know that's
okay in this place but you know you got
it wrong over here this definitely won't
work and here's why they can't do
that right now somebody says uh the
border patrol already has a
plan that could be a good good way to
start but we don't need border Patrol's
plan because all that matters at the
moment is that one of these parties
Republicans Or democrats
goes first and just says this is exactly
what it's going to look like now if the
Republicans have that or access to it
they're dumb for not producing it but I
think the Republicans have a problem
because it's going to show not enough
wall and maybe that's a problem
politically but the Democrats can the
Democrats can simply show us what they
would fund and then maybe the border
patrol can overlay some information on
that like you know if you don't put a
wall here you'll get 10,000 crosses a
year or whatever in this area and we
know that from the
past so you would want some stat
statistics on it but you'd want to see
the
plan now the other thing I didn't add is
that as you've noticed the Democrats are
cannibalizing each other uh part of this
has to do with the run up to the
presidency so the the various factions
are trying to cannibalize each other to
you know take care of some competitors
but you also see the you know the
younger Congress people versus the older
you see the rpos and uh and some of the
others who are a little Bolder a little
more willing to go against their own
party a little little more willing to
play outside the uh the bounds and
here's the interesting thing the first
Democrat who produces that plan with a
picture the picture is the important
part if it's text you're just never
going to get any attention it's got to
be a picture the first Democrat who
produces a highlevel conceptual picture
plan with a with a
budget is the one who gets all the
attention and what are all the Democrats
fighting for right now they're all
fighting for attention it's there's a
there's a A desperate kind of you know
flailing around for the for a lot of
different Democrats to to get a little
bit of attention because there's so many
of them now they have to try a little
harder so far rpos is getting uh the
most attention you call her uh oh some
people don't know that AOC is rpos as in
uh the first letter is r and the POS is
not point of sale all right so uh once
AOC came out as a racist I started
calling her r
P um and by the way that's I'm not I'm
not that's not my opinion that she's a
racist U her tweets are pretty clear on
that
um so here's my point there are some
democrat who would have a huge benefit
in terms of publicity and in terms of
moving the world forward if they just
find out what the plan is maybe they
even start with border Patrol's plan I
mean that would be a good place to start
right start with the plan that the
Republicans have change it any way that
you think makes sense show it to the
world show it to border patrol and say
what do you think get their opinion put
it on it and show it to us just show it
to the people now it seems to me that
the the the government is largely broken
and maybe will always be so because of
the the two sides that the Press is
taking as long as the Press is treating
it as a a dog fight and a contest
between two sides and and the way you
win is to win in public you know it's
not even the law that's a win it's it's
the looking like you won that that
matters as long as the media puts all
the politicians in in the situation
where they have to look like they won or
else they're
dead you can't do anything that's the
opposite of an environment in which you
can compromise so because of the
business model of the press which is
driven entirely by the fact that we can
now measure exactly who wants to click
on what stories and which ones get the
most attention it's divided the the
world into a place where you can't
compromise anymore cuz compromise will
be spun as well you lost you stupid dog
you you weak leader you person who must
be working for Russia so
losing is no longer an option for either
size and now you see what happens but
the
media uh doesn't really control the fact
that you know somebody can come up with
a plan show it to the country whoever
comes up with the first picture wins let
me let me say this again as clearly as
possible whoever comes up with the first
visual picture of the border with what
it is and then you know overlaid somehow
what they want it to be and what that
will cost doesn't matter which side they
come from whoever does whoever goes
visual first
wins because that will be the picture
from which all negotiations will have to
spring because it goes first so if it
goes first it's locked in your brains if
it's visual you can't beat it there
there's no higher level of persuasion
and nobody's gone there it's a
completely empty Green Field all you
have to do any politician Republican
Democrat senior or brand new all you
have to do is walk into that field hold
up your picture and say this is what I
want this is what it is and this is what
it will cost to get what I want and I
ran this past border patrol and hey you
networks you should maybe get some
experts on and let's have them debate my
plan first person to do that wins and I
mean wins for the country and also wins
for their brand and and maybe wins for a
lot of other people as well it might it
might even be a big win for the for the
potential immigrants if you do it right
all right so make it Visual and you
win uh and I'll make another I'll tell
you what I'll make another prediction
that there will be no agreement until
there's a
picture there will be no no
agreement on On the Border until there's
a picture that the public can understand
a simple picture all right
uh let's see oh um I would like to order
offer a clarification of something I
said online some people believe that I
insulted somebody
terribly um and I think it's fair to
call me out on that but it's also fair
to hear my explanation and I'll give you
some context before I tell you what I
got in trouble for here's the context if
I said I could hear something and you
can't hear it and I'm like what are you
serious you can't hear that you don't
hear that sound right now would it be
fair or would it be insulting to inquire
if the person has any kind of hearing
problem I think it would be fair there's
nothing wrong with somebody having a
hearing problem right that's just a
normal thing I'm pretty sure my own
hearing is maybe degraded 10% just by
age so that would be fair nobody would
say oh you are you're calling him
disabled or something no you wouldn't
you would say do you have a hearing
problem because the question the point
in question is can you detect a
sound likewise if I said do you see that
plane up there and somebody else said no
I can't see it I go right there look
right there and the other person can't
see it would it be fair for me to
inquire or would it be an insult to say
is your vision perfect you know do you
wear glasses because that would that
would explain why I can detect something
that you can't now I would say that
neither of them are are insults now
let's get to the question and point uh
there's there's a question about the
so-called climate gate emails in which
um some of the scientists use the words
trick
and hide the
decline now I have claimed that it is
obvious to me obvious and I can detect
it easily that that that's casual
conversation and not meant to mean
literally a trick where you're trying to
trick people but rather a publicly used
method and people can look at it and
that hide the decline was really just a
short hand for the topic they were
trying to explain why some data in the
past didn't match so they're trying to
hide it for marketing purposes now if
you're hiding it for marketing purposes
you're not you're not really trying to
make the world the worst place you're
trying to be consistent with a theory
that has tons of evidence in your
opinion and there was just one little
piece that's annoying and the public
would get the wrong idea so you try to
deemphasize that for marketing purposes
so that was my interpretation now I am
very good at interpreting words I'm a
professional
writer and I read I read people's you
know psychology that's also my domain
that's what I write about and talk about
I've got my second book on that coming
Etc so I would say that I'm a good
censor a sensor with an s senn s o r i
can sense when somebody's telling a
joke versus when they're serious and I
can sense because this is my domain it's
my special expertise when somebody is
talking in casual language versus
precise language and whether that means
something words and meaning are my
domain I have a special sense for that
as really I would say any author would
you know most authors would would share
this um better sense and so I got into a
uh conversation on the
internet with uh and and so Tony heler
came up because his interpretation of
the words are that they clearly indicate
Tony heler is uh probably the most
capable climate skeptic so I've I've
I've said that his
presentation his research and his
persuasion are the best I've seen on the
skeptical side and I've asked people to
respond and to figure out you know
what's wrong with his take and I'm not
really
getting I'm not getting the push back
that I was expecting so I haven't yet
found I'm not saying it doesn't exist
it's too early but I haven't seen
anybody say oh it's here we debunk his
claim that the that the data used to be
one way and then it was it was fudged so
he has a lot of
credibility as a as a a technical mind a
scientific mind an engineering mind a
rational
mind but his interpretation of what
trick and um and what Hyde the decline
meant in that context was wholly
opposite of mine he says they are
literal I say they're
not now I asked in the context of that
conversation if Tony was on the Spectrum
and people said whoa Scott you're way
out of line you've gone add homonym why
are you attacking him somebody actually
used the r word and said why are you
calling him an r word word you know r t
a r d I don't even want to say it um to
and I actually was surprised I thought
wait a minute when when did it become an
insult to be on the
Spectrum who who is saying that being on
a spectrum is an
insult because part of the Assumption
for that was that his ability to go so
deep with the data is is part of the
superpower that comes with being a
little bit on the Spectrum and part of
the superpower is what's driving Silicon
Valley it's what it's what you could
imagine that Dilbert my character my
beloved character has maybe a little bit
of it meaning that you know engineers
and technologists are quite well
known for having a higher degree of
being on the Spectrum and it's also well
known that it's highly associated with
great
capability Tony heler shows great
capability consistent with that he also
shows in this one specific example
taking something literal that in my own
expertise I think is clearly not
literal and other scientists have looked
into the situation and found out it was
not literal as well so if I ask him Tony
is your ability to sense literal speech
versus figurative speech as good as mine
because I'm not on the Spectrum and
again I'm not saying that how awesome I
am that I'm not on the spectrum because
being a little bit on the spectrum is
associated with tremendous Powers it's
like a superpower so I want to be really
clear if I ask somebody if they're on
the spectrum that is not an insult not
in my world in my world the people on
the Spectrum have invented the whole
freaking world right you know they've
done they've done all of the cool stuff
you know my you know how many people on
the Spectrum were involved with creating
my phone for for God's sakes so please
don't don't assume that I think that's
an insult I think that is a totally
perfectly legitimate question to ask now
he didn't answer the
question so I don't know the answer to
it um but I I will I will argue strongly
that it's a fair question in the context
of asking if somebody can sense
something that if you've got you know
good Vision if you've got good hearing
those are good senses if if somebody
asked me you know I I I lost my ability
to smell uh years ago I have literally
zero sense of smell for I don't know how
long decades or so and if somebody
smelled something and said Scott do you
smell it and I said no would would it be
fair for them to say is there something
wrong with your
nose and the answer is yes would I be
insulted no no it's a question about
whether I have the a physical sensor and
I just don't have it somebody asked Can
I taste weirdly
yes yes I I've uh I've lost 100% of my
sense of smell and every common sense
and common knowledge is that that's
associated with your taste and the
thought is if you lost your sense a
smell you couldn't taste but I
can and I also can't tell the difference
between what it used to be and what it
is now I can't tell the difference but I
also can't tell if it's psychological
meaning that I don't know if I just
haven't noticed that I went from really
super tasting things to not tasting it
so much but if I have a bowl of
soup it feels exactly like it always
felt like it doesn't doesn't feel like
there's any difference between what
happened you know how it tasted when I
was 12 years old and how it tastes now
it does feels like the same experience
so I don't
know um so how do you buy Christina
perfume easily I
don't what does that have to do with the
issue being discussed so the issue being
discussed was whether or not it's fair
to ask if somebody is on the Spectrum
if the topic is something that would be
hard to identify for someone on the
Spectrum and easier for someone who
wasn't just going with the science not
an
insult all
right so the real the real question
about my loss of smell but yet I can
taste is if I if I were introduced to a
brand new taste and Clos my eyes and
somebody said all right I'm going to put
this brand new thing in your mouth could
I would I would I imagine that I could
taste it or is the visual so strong that
if I saw it it looked yellow I would
imagine it it tasted like a lemon or
something and it would be an interesting
test but I haven't done that all right
uh no it wasn't cocaine i' I've never
been a snorter I
tried maybe three or four times I tried
cocaine in college and it literally
didn't do do anything to me I don't know
why but I just lost all interest in it
so I as an adult I haven't or at least
after college I haven't not snorted
anything haven't done any
opioids Etc all
right
uh Phantom taste buds like a lost limb
could be yeah I think I think that's an
entirely open possibility all right and
I will talk to you later