hmm boom-boom-boom-boom
papa papa hello everybody it's time for
an action-packed coffee with Scott Adams
sometimes they don't has that much
action but this one full of action and
you know what the first action is I
think you do I think you do drew mark
Sharona
grab your cups your mugs Bruce
Beth get ready it's time if you've got a
cup or a mug or a glass possibly a
Steiner a chalice or a tankard maybe
you've got a thermos or a flask fill it
with your favorite liquid and join me
now for the unparalleled pleasure of the
simultaneous sip mmm delicious
I've got a whole bunch of things to talk
about today it's a it's a fun news day
let's get to it let's start with the
most important issue of the day and I
think you would agree this is the most
important issue I got my copy of Trump
space force now this is from Chuck Dixon
Timothy Lim and Brad Smith Trump space
force now I may be biased because
there's a character in there that looks
a lot like me OOP wait does that look
like me mmm yeah it looks like me
strangely enough in the age of Trump
space force people still wear glasses it
seems like we could have solved that by
then but but it makes it makes it more
fun this way all right let's talk about
Joe Biden strategy is it working
you know you know Joe Biden strategy
right his strategy is to be boring and
not get on television well so far
Biden's strategy of not being seen by
people is working really well because
he's leading in the polls
at least from the Democrats and he's
also leading in in matchup conceptual
matchups against Trump so if I were
Biden I would go with that I would just
crawl into a big ol hole and pull the
rock over the top of the hole and just
hide there until Election Day
cuz the less he talks the better he does
but man when he starts talking that's
gonna be fun
[Laughter]
anyway I just wanted to note that Joe
Biden's continued lack of lack of being
in public is working really well for him
I've got a question for you so we keep
watching in the press that old nadz
Jerry Nadler it keeps trying to get
Trump's taxes have you ever considered
what would happen if there's nothing
interesting in his taxes I don't know if
anybody's actually considered that
because you think to yourself well he
wouldn't be trying so hard to hide his
taxes unless there was something in
there but wasn't the president trying
pretty hard to you know discourage the
the investigation by Muller and then the
Muller investigation comes out and
doesn't find any collusion so the fact
that the president is discouraging
investigation of anything we now know
that he will discourage investigations
that are a waste of time but could kick
up some negative stuff about him his
taxes are a perfect example now having
watched the Muller report come out and
watch that almost nobody read it
most of the government never even read
it and still they decided that they had
an opinion on it and they weren't even
the same opinions the people read it and
said well I guess he's exonerated other
people read it and said wait a minute
this is clear grounds for impeachment do
you think that if we ever see Trump's
tax returns
that it would be any different from the
would it be any different from the molar
report it would not no matter what those
taxes say the Democrats will say look
look there's proof of God knows what and
no matter what those taxes say
Republicans will say there's nothing
there if there if there had been
anything there the IRS would have caught
it or that's business as normal or it's
telling us nothing but I think the most
interesting thing we might find is that
it eliminates all of the it's very
likely that Trump's tax returns will
show that he made maybe less money than
he would like us to think which would
completely destroy the the allegations
that he was somehow profiting from
Russian or whatever and and the tax
returns that come after that might even
be more interesting because I suspect
I'm not sure but I suspect that Trump
revenues are down during the presidency
I would expect therefore every person
who has a reason to do extra business
with the Trump Organization there's
probably at least two people were saying
I don't feel good about this so I
wouldn't be surprised about that at all
all right there was a new study that
says 60 percent of all male managers are
quote uncomfortable working around women
a 32% increase over last year I don't
know if the the Brett Kavanaugh stuff
made a difference or what what it was
this past year but imagine that 60% of
male managers don't want to be caught
alone with a woman even for just
business not a business lunch not a
private meeting you know they're just
uncomfortable with it so this is a case
of it may be that the I don't know if
you could say that the cure for the
that me too the Cure might not be worse
than the crime because the crime is so
bad but it's not good and it was
predictable I predicted that when the
me2 thing first started I said you're
gonna see a great decrease in male
mentoring and opportunities for women it
looks like something like that is
starting to form all right on next topic
on Tucker was last night in the night
before he was talking about the question
of whether there is such a thing as
white privilege so Tucker was
questioning whether that's real or just
our impression and I think that's the
wrong framing the wrong framing is to
say is there white privilege or is there
not white privilege I think that gets
you to a divisive place because you just
argue about well this evidence that
evidence no but nobody's going to agree
on there here's a more productive
framing does everybody have a path to
success could be different paths
the path that white person might take it
might be different than what an Asian
American might take which might be
different from what an African American
would take to success so do they all
have some kind of path that is clear is
there a way to walk down that path and I
would say that each group has their own
unique advantages and disadvantages but
it's far more productive to say does
everybody have a path because if they do
that's pretty good and maybe we could
widen the past maybe we could added
additional paths but if everybody has a
path that's a pretty good world and let
me give a specific example as a white
person my path is quite clear I can
interact with other white people who
will like me because of white I suppose
I have it's normal for people have more
contacts within the group that they
associated with so I probably know lots
of people
could help me he could give me a job
could do business with me so I've got
plenty of path as a white guy if I were
a black guy I would also have passed but
they would be different because I
wouldn't have as many contacts with me
the rich white guy world probably but I
could make them me nothing would stop me
from making them it might be a little
harder I can do that however I would
have another path which is to go to big
companies who need to rebalance their or
find balance in their diversification
and there are a lot of them so there are
lots of places you could go where being
black would be an advantage because
there are big companies who are saying
please please please come work for us we
want qualified black employees because
we need to work on a diversification and
it really really does matter to these
big companies so that's an advantage I
don't have and indeed I've told the
story I lost two jobs for being white
this was many years ago but I was told
directly from my bosses and again direct
language this is not my interpretation
they told me indirect language that they
couldn't promote me anymore because I
was white and male and these
corporations one was a bank one was a
phone company needed to work on the
diversification and the managers were
being graded on whether they were doing
that well or not and promoting me would
work against my managers interests and
they told me that directly in clear
language can't promote you because
you're white and male now did I go cry I
did not I mean I didn't like it
obviously obviously I didn't like it it
ruined two careers what I also lived in
the country where I have plenty of paths
so I just got off that path that didn't
work for me so well
was a great path through women was a
great path for minorities of every type
they were being courted actively so I
got off of that path because that was my
wrong path and then I got on a path
which was to do something artistic and
use my connections my talent and
everything so I had plenty of
opportunity I just had to change paths
so I think that's just more a better way
to look at opportunity is does everybody
have a path it might be a different one
all right
I saw that Trump criticized Fox News for
having a town hall with beat Budaj edge
and I really enjoyed that because one of
the criticisms against Trump is that he
has too much control over Fox News and
that they're they're operating like a a
PR organ for Trump now I don't think
Trump was bothered even a little bit
just a guess I'm just speculating and
not a mind-reader so I could easily be
wrong but but well my guess is that
Trump did not care too much about
whether Peabody judge had a town hall on
Fox but by criticizing Fox News for
giving attention to the other side
it's really good for his brand because
it it acts against the criticism that
Fox News does whatever he wants and it
acts against the criticism that they're
joined at the hip so it was actually a
very clever thing for Trump to do to
criticize his friends at Fox News for
doing this because it's of no
consequence there's nobody at Fox News
who took it seriously I'm sure again I'm
not mind reading but I can't imagine
anybody took it too seriously so it
works against the rumor that he has Fox
News under his control at the same time
it wasn't really a criticism anybody's
going to take seriously so I thought
that was a good play in terms of
persuasion all right we've got we've got
more boring lawyer news
so the criticisms against Trump often
boil down to boring lawyer news for
example Nadler is maybe get a whole
lawyer and began and in contempt lawyer
news or
there's something about Jay Sekulow
telling Magan something now telling Coen
something it's a it's a lawyer who
talked to a lawyer and they disagree
about what was said lawyers talking to
lawyers don't care all right there's a
there's a new studies showing that CBD
the a component of marijuana but without
the the getting I part where they take
the getting high part and in the
marijuana and just leave the medicinal
CBD part apparently is really really
effective like really effective in
reducing heroin cravings so they they
tested a legal CBD product one one
that's you know in a in a packaged and
sold by a real company and they found
there was a tremendous difference yeah
they take the TAC out tremendous
difference in heroin cravings that's a
big deal that's a really big deal
somebody's saying that it's a hoax
because of the placebo effect but they
had a control group so the control group
found no differences the CBD group saw
differences and I don't even know if it
matters if it was a placebo does it does
it matter if it was a placebo because it
would work just as well as a placebo but
I suspect it was real all right
representative Matt gates says the
secret unreleased transcripts from
Papadopoulos are going to be real
interesting and show there was a illegal
conspiracy you know well not an illegal
conspiracy but the Papadopoulos
information will tell us something
exciting about how the deep state was
really doing something bad creating the
investigation about Russian collusion
I'm not sure I totally believe that but
we'll see and here's why I say I don't
totally believe it
it's not that I think Matt Gaetz is not
credible because I think so far I don't
believe he said anything in public that
I'm aware of that was questionable so I
think he's credible so far but when you
talk about what George papadopolis did
or did not say and some conversation I
think it's gonna be ambiguous and gates
even mentioned that people are gonna say
well maybe Papadopoulos knew he was
under investigation so when he claimed
that he was not involved in any
collusion maybe he already knew he was
being watched which is possible but as
gates points out somebody having a
private conversation insisting that they
are innocent he is evidence this should
have been presented to the the FISA
Court which was not and apparently the
FISA Court application requires that you
show evidence on both sides that you'd
not be a partisan that you show any
exculpatory information but how its
culpa Tory this this the secret
recordings and transcripts of
Papadopoulos are I would say they may
not be as exculpatory as you want them
to be but probably a little bit
exculpatory and there will be a real
reason why or there will be a real
question about why they were not
included I think that'll be interesting
so we're back to another news story
changing topics slightly about the about
the meanings of words and who said what
words so apparently Loretta Lynch has
gone on record saying that she never
told Comey to call the Hillary Clinton
email investigation a quote a matter so
now it's be reported the Loretta Lynch
or a Comey lied because Comey says Larry
Loretta Lynch said call it have mattered
not an investigation Loretta Lynch says
I never said anything like that so
here's what Loretta Lynch says she said
that she says is different from telling
Comey to call it a matter listen to this
when the director of talking about Comey
so this is Loretta Lynn saying this and
she's talked about the director being
Comey when the director of Cobie asked
me how to best handle that I said quote
what I have been saying is that we have
received a referral and we are working
on the matter working on the issue or we
have all the resources we need to handle
the matter handle the issue so that was
the suggestion that I made to him
Loretta would Lynch and never told Comey
to say matter now when you read what
Loretta Lynch says and then you read
what or hear what Comey said she said
are they that far apart because it's
being reported as you know one of them
lied or the other one lied because they
have opposite stories what are these
opposite stories because they don't look
like opposite stories to me the headline
says opposite stories but when you read
the details it looks a lot like what
Comey said but not exactly so if your
boss says to you well I'll tell you the
way I handle it is X what does that tell
you to do it tells you to handle it the
way your boss handles it right so if
your boss is saying well I the boss use
the word matter I call it an issue it's
an issue it's a matter that's how I
handle it is that different from telling
your underling to use the same language
now Comey says it was more direct use
this word that sounds that sounds
exactly let me block this person that
sounds that sounds to me like two people
have slightly different memories maybe
one is shading a little bit but I'm not
sure that what we have here is a smoking
gun with some kind of eye
know that that's much new news let's
talk about Iran so you know President
Trump tweeted he warned Iran to stop
threatening the u.s. or it would face
its quote official end so when President
Trump says Iran will reach its official
end what does that mean well I interpret
it to mean the regime Iran very cleverly
decided to interpret it as meaning the
end of Iran meaning you know Iranian
people and so here was their response
and the way that they responded I think
is is interesting all right
so Iran is responded quote goaded by the
b-team
now the b-team were assuming means john
bolton and people who were then the
hawks within the administration
so iran is decided to label the hawks
within the administration as the b-team
good persuasion good persuasion because
they're trying to make a distinction
between smart mr. Trump they they didn't
say this but they're making a
distinction if the B team is telling
Trump to get serious they are they're
accusing his advisers of having bad
advice this is important because they
did not say big old Trump is an idiot
and they may have said that in other
ways
and other times but that's important
they made a clear distinction between
your advisers and the leader watch why
that's important as I continue and they
said the Trump hopes to achieve what
Alexander you know Alexander the great
Genghis Khan and other aggressors failed
to do so they're they're they're trying
to recast Trump's statement that Iran
would officially end which obviously
meant the administration running Iran
not the people Iran has tried to recast
that as oh you know others have tried to
destroy Iran but they did not succeed to
which I say
how many leadership's has around going
through since Alexander the Great
I would say that there's been a lot of
changes of leadership probably so I
don't know how they can claim that Iran
is always been here when they have a
newish leadership that overthrew the
Shah all right and then they went on and
said this is the Iranian response to
trump Iranians have stood told for
millennia
while aggressor is all gone and then
they say hashtag economic terrorism and
genocide militants won't quote end Iran
so that was the Iranian Foreign Minister
Javad Zarif and then he said later try
respect it works
try respect it works here's here's
what's interesting so I've talked about
how President Trump has continuously
done the same framing with North Korea
with China with Russia which is to treat
the leaders with respect and to offer to
talk to them having no no boundaries
about conversation which is probably the
smartest thing this president has
brought to the presidency is he'll talk
to anyone that's by far
historians are gonna say okay that was
the best thing he ever did he brought
that respect the leader negotiated as
hard as you need to with you know with
the country but show respect for the
leader or else you don't get anywhere so
what is this what are the ratings sake
try to respect it works that is not the
kind of language you use if you're
looking for a war that is a sort of
language you use if you're looking for a
negotiated settlement now they might be
looking for a negotiated settlement
while they continue to do things that
fun terrorists so you have to be careful
about what that means but it's a pretty
clear signal that they would rather show
some respect and maybe talk so I'm
interpreting this as the Iranian regime
keeping the door open to a conversation
it sounds like the door
way to to that conversation involves the
president showing explicit respect for
the administration I don't know if this
president can show enough respect
because he's been pretty clear that he
you'd like that administration to go
away which is something he's not
necessarily saying about North Korea
Russia or China so if if there's any
thought that that regime is going to
last that I'm sure Israel would not be
too happy about that thought we're gonna
find out soon because if the president
shows respect for the regime it might be
a signal he wants to talk and he's not
talking about regime change if he does
not show respect when they've they've
showed they've shown a great opening
basically Iran said what we need to talk
is to show respect and that seems like
an invitation I don't know if it's
genuine but you have to at least you
have to consider that at least they're
open to a conversation under a certain
set of conditions which I imagine we
can't meet because it would probably
mean taking the economics and sanctions
off so I don't see that happening but
it's interesting that they're not acting
warlike that means something all right
there is a study that says Trump has
made America less racist I just let that
sink in for a moment that's right there
is a study in which apparently 2500
people have been studied over time the
same 2,500 people so that they can track
just that group and how their feelings
about race and other stuff I guess
changes over time what they discovered
is that within this group that their
level of let's say prejudice about their
their level of anti black and
anti-hispanic feelings actually didn't
change much at all under Obama it didn't
change in a statistical way but under
the trumpet
station it plunged so when Trump became
president and for the time he's been
president that group of 2500 people
became substantially substantial it was
pretty big difference substantially less
prejudiced against less anti black and
less anti-hispanic
now I had he explained that now I don't
know how to explain it the first thing
you have to ask yourself is is this some
kind of reproducible study is this
something that would stand up to other
polls and the answer is who knows but
because it sort of agrees with my
impressions of the world I give it more
credibility than it deserves so keep in
mind that this kind of study is always a
little sketchy yeah apparently there was
a similar study about brexit there they
had the same effect
somebody was prompting me in the
comments but let's just talk about some
of the reasons that that would not be a
surprising result because it isn't
surprising to me if it's true and if it
would if it held up with other polls etc
it would not surprise me at all and
here's why we're watching two different
movies the Democrats and the Republicans
are just not seeing the same movie two
Democrats this would be surprising
because in their movie the president
keeps doing all these secret racist
whistles to his base so from their point
of view they certainly should see the
president's base getting more racist
because he keeps telling them to be more
racist and it's ok with my secret racist
whistle so they should be surprised at
this result of this study if it holds
out to be true but that's not what I see
I'm not in that movie here's the movie
I'm in so you see if you're in the same
movie the movie I'm in is that there are
some some racist like the KKK etc who
are somewhat irrelevant like I don't
really think about them too much they're
a small group they don't I don't
identify with him I don't they're just
not part of my consciousness
but the thing that the president has
brought is this whole Americans are
Americans and you know we're a group and
we're going to protect each other from
other countries and that's the group and
he is consistently in my movie done and
said things which which are consistent
with that so he has consistently tried
to protect the border and consistently
said that it helps protect jobs at the
low end at the low end off it means
Hispanic and black workers you know far
too often that's the case so and then he
did prison reform he's you know he said
obviously you know plenty of black
advisors and black appointees and you
know black friends so I think that the
Republicans are watching a movie in
which the president is actively
aggressively unambiguously leading his
team away from racism and here's the
cool part it's probably the least
anti-gay Republican administration of
all time not probably it is definitely
the most Pro gay pro-lgbt administration
because Trump's always been that way
I heard on I heard on Morning Joe
something that that made my head almost
explode I don't know when he said it but
Morning Joe was making the case that
before President Trump ran for office
that everyone knew he was Pro LGBTQ and
everyone knew he wasn't a racist well
this is probably blowing your mind
because I thought this is some deep fake
thing where they're putting words into
mourning Joe's mouth I thought I'm not
really hearing that am I so morning joe
said everyone who knew trump knew he
wasn't anti-gay and wasn't a racist but
morning joe says this is joe scarborough
says this is his interpretation of what
happened he says that the president
started pretending he was a racist to
win the election
is your head exploding yet nothing like
that happened not in my movie in my
movie the press tried to paint the
president as a racist because it was
good for their team I didn't see
anything like that in my movie the
president didn't go from totally not
being a racist and totally not being
anti LGBTQ to becoming suddenly the
opposite that in southern or pretending
to be the opposite I didn't see that I
didn't see anything like that so that
that made my head spin when even morning
Joe is saying that in his heart he's not
a racist and he's not anti-lgbt Q
because he never was he's just
pretending to be that way oh my god
oh my god he's just pretending to be
that way no he's not when he says he's
gonna be tough on immigration he's being
tough on people who are not already in
this country but when he's talking about
people in this country he starts talking
about prison reform because it's this
country all right
so that's one reason what if what if the
reason that there's less racism is that
Trump is a good leader and has convinced
the GOP to be less racist because their
frame should be Americans versus the
world and he's very clear everybody's an
American if you're a citizen it doesn't
matter what color are color you are
doesn't care about your gender sexual
orientation doesn't care it's just
America that's it that's his frame so
you would expect that somebody who makes
that frame so aggressively would
convince his own side to adopt it a
little bit and they would become less
prejudiced over time likewise if you see
where if you hear a weird noise in the
background my dog is dreaming she's
she's barking at her her sleep Snickers
stop barking
she just sleep barking she's over there
in a chair asleep barking but at the
same time you can imagine that the the
the Democrats
who believe their movie and they believe
that the GOP is becoming more racist
might compensate by trying to be extra
non racist to draw some comparisons
between what they think being all
President Trump is doing and what they
see is a good world so the in a weird
way the Democrats movie may have
convinced Democrats to act less racist
as some court of a sort of response to
what they imagined in their movie was
the country moving the other way while
at the same time the other movie Trump
was convincing his base to be far less
racist because he was changing the frame
to look American that's it you know
there's no deeper conversation American
yes American know if you're American yes
I don't give a damn what you are you
know if you're if you're obeying law
you're a plus there's no other grade if
you're an American you're obeying law
you're great you would expect that to
make a difference over time all right
as other people have said the study
focused on the degree of anti black and
anti-hispanic bigotry it did not ask is
there more bigotry against white people
because I think that probably would have
been up don't know well I think you'd
probably be up they did not ask if
there's more bigotry against Asian
Americans because they've been so
successful probably yes might be a
little more of that they did not ask if
there is more violence more racist
violence could be who would not it would
not it would not surprise me at all if
the Democrat movie that says the
president is a racist and tries to frame
everything as a racist this is that it
would not surprise me if that created
more crazy people doing racist stuff you
know
mass shootings a senator wouldn't
surprise me at all but it would still be
compatible with normal people not
those videos so crazy people can be
triggered at the same time and it may be
that Obama was racially divisive
divisive and that anything but Obama
would have shown a decrease so I've said
before that bigotry has decreased pretty
much every year of my life apparently it
didn't decrease under Obama which
surprises me I thought it would have but
it didn't and it could be that anybody
who wasn't Obama may have reduced
people's worrying about about race so
there's a lot of reasons we don't know
the list all right I want to give you a
little persuasion on nuclear energy I'm
gonna give you a quick lesson on it I
save this the end so I might I might
edit this part out and make it a special
little part on nuclear energy so I'm
going to act as though I'm starting a
new periscope even though I'm in the
middle of a periscope because I might
edit this part out and making its own
thing okay I'd like to talk about
persuasion in the service of nuclear
energy trying to get the country to
understand that nuclear energy is a
practical and safe and probably the only
solution for climate change if you're
worried about it and if you're not
worried about climate change it's still
something you should do because it's
good for the world it's good for poor
people that lowers the cost of energy
etc so I think we should drink to that
pick up your mug have a sip now I'm
gonna give you some tips because I sent
out a tweet in which I tweeted a little
spreadsheet and if you go to my Twitter
feed Scott Adam says and you look at the
pin tweet you can follow along if you
have another device to watch this on
otherwise I'll give you the high points
here so the idea was that I was trying
to figure out the easiest way to
convince the population of the United
States maybe the world but focusing on
the United
it's getting them to understand the
question of nuclear energy what's the
risk what's the payoff what's good
what's bad because it's a real
complicated thing and people who try to
tiptoe into it will get overwhelmed with
details and I thought to myself what I'm
good at is simplifying I used to do this
for a living make presentations about
complicated things and try to simplify
them so decision makers know the key
variables I'm going to do that for you
if you saw my spreadsheet I won't show
to you here because you look at it but
basically I showed a chart that showed
the generations generation 1 2 3 & 4 of
nuclear I showed how many plants have
been built I showed how many people have
died from accidents and you can see the
generation 1 was terrible you see the
generation 2 killed a bunch of people
but only with one accident and it was
the Chernobyl plant which as it turns
out you would never build a plant like
that and none of the other generation
tubes had any deaths
so even generation 2 had exactly one one
death creating event and nobody would
ever build a plant like that even even
if they were building a generation two
plant today they wouldn't build it like
Chernobyl they wouldn't run it bite your
Nobel that's that was an outlier never
that's just generation to generation
three is what people would build if they
started today so far there are zero
deaths from generation three plants but
there aren't as many of them and that's
part of the car part of the context and
then generation four is under
development in Russia and China in
particular and that design would get you
down to not even possible to have a big
meltdown event so that technology would
make it impossible even safer but I want
to show you so so the spreadsheet is
pinned to my Twitter feed at the top so
if you go to Scott Adam says it's the
top tweet and you can see the details
there but I want
tell you what persuasion methods I used
because I know a lot of you watch for
that right the first persuasion method I
used was on myself to do this this is
one of the most important persuasion
techniques you'll ever hear in your life
when I thought about putting this
together I said oh my god that's gonna
be a lot of work I have so many other
things to do that I want to do how am I
ever gonna create this simplified chart
to help people understand nuclear energy
and so I did what I recommend that you
do when you find yourself in this that's
too hard how do I get started I just got
started I did the bad version if you
can't convince yourself to do something
that's big and hard and you want it to
do to do it right you're right your
alternative is to don't start you know
don't do anything or put in more energy
than you want to don't do either of
those things instead find the smallest
thing you're willing to do and then do
it even if the smallest thing you're
willing to do is to send somebody an
email and say hey do you have some
information once you start with the
smallest thing the next day you could
say well I'll do one more small thing
you you eventually find that you get
yourself a little bit pregnant and you
create some momentum simply by starting
small so I write more about this in my
upcoming book looser think but the best
persuasion you'll ever give yourself is
start small and do the first little
thing that you can do don't imagine the
whole thing that you have to do alright
so when you look at my chart that I just
told you I put on Twitter you will
notice it doesn't look very good then
it's not pretty
that's okay because people in the
comments are saying hey this number
should have an asterisk on it you should
include this fact add this little
context that's great they're telling me
how to improve it if you want advice on
how to do something right first do it
wrong
works every time if you want free advice
on how to do something right do it wrong
in public I do this all the time you
have to learn to have no shame that's
part of the process but look at all the
free advice I'm getting look at the
comments on that now this is an
iterative process all persuasion is if
you do it right if you don't understand
this next point everything else I tell
you is useless almost all right the next
point is the important point remember
this one even if you forget all the
other points
it's about iteration nobody is smart
enough to know on the first try how to
be the most persuasive you try something
as I did you see how people react you
fix it you try again you see how people
react you fix it you try again
persuasion is an iterative process if
you're not thinking of it that way
you're not doing it right
doesn't matter what else you do if
you're not thinking of it as a in
evolution where you get smarter and
smarter based on feedback you're just
not doing it right here are the things
that are included in my tweet persuasion
that you can seep into my Twitter feed
on nuclear persuasion you can see that
iteration that I just mentioned is
important people will look at that and
they'll say for example hey maybe you
should have given it a blue background
maybe you shouldn't be formatted this
way maybe you should simplify maybe you
should add a little bit so it will
probably improve over time and as it
does I'll retweet it it's it's visual as
it exists because I pasted a spreadsheet
into my tweet a tweet without a visual
gets far less traffic so if you're
trying to persuade people with a tweet
put a picture there the current picture
is a terrible picture it's not
attractive it's just a spreadsheet and
it still works because it takes up more
real estate it tells you there's
something more important because there's
a picture it draws people in but it
could be much better and it would
iterate to a better picture
you want to keep people's attention so
it's not good enough that I get them to
look at the spreadsheet I've got to keep
them there and spending time there the
more time they spend grab you know
grappling with the data even if the
reason that I keep them there is that
they're trying to understand it whatever
the reason if I can keep them on there
the more time they spend thinking about
it the more important they will imagine
it and the more they will remember it so
getting people to pay attention to it is
important so I could have made my
spreadsheets simpler and then people
would have spent less time on it I could
have made it more complicated and then
people would be discouraged from
spending time on it the sweet spot is
that people say hey that looks simple
enough that I could get the idea and
then they they look at it and go oh I
get the idea but I still kind of want to
look at some other stuff here there's
enough there to keep them interested for
half a minute
which is way better than keeping them
interested for 10 seconds so the level
of complexity is part of your persuasion
you want a little bit to keep them there
but not too simple you want repetition
and you'll see that if people retweet it
people will start seeing this same
presentation more and more the more they
see it the better simplicity as I
mentioned it's got to be simple enough
for people to read it and get the basic
idea and then those people go forth as
advocates because they're now armed with
some good context so they can now talk
about this topic in a way that they
couldn't before so I keep it simple
so that the message can travel it can
spread into more brains come out of more
mouths it's automatically more viral if
it's simple but not too simple contrast
is the primary persuasion tool that I
use I first contrast generation 1 to 2
to 3 to 4 so the first message is if you
don't understand that the current
nuclear technology is completely
different from the early generations
you're not up to you're not up to speed
all right so so I contrast not only
generations of nuclear so you can see
the new stuff is good
I also contrast it to other ways that
people die so if you can see that a few
dozen people dying or one person dying
for a nuclear you compare that to how
many people died on bicycles how many
died and drowning in pools how many died
from automobile accidents most of the
accidental deaths are big numbers you
know bicycles I think are 2,500 a year
2500 people a year die on bicycles the
most the most that nuclear the biggest
nuclear disaster was 39 people and that
was Chernobyl and we would never build
one like that again all right and even
Fukushima the people who died were
escaping it and they didn't die from the
explosion itself all right the other
persuasion is I started in my tweet I
said that there's bipartisan support now
when you tell people that there's wide
bipartisan support you're saying other
smart people think this is a good idea
and that and that's a that's a good
thing so if people think everyone else
agrees it biases them toward thinking
well maybe I should agree everybody's on
this team I also called it bipartisan
support so the people who were team
players and would never cross to agree
with the other team can still like this
because their team likes it so it was
very important to say your team likes us
because people may not go beyond that
for at least 80 percent of the country
if you say hey Democrats like this the
Democrats will say well that I like it
it's same with Republicans you just tell
them that their team likes it and
suddenly they like it
there's been plenty of studies to
suggest that's true so tell people their
team likes it because it's true not not
the entire team but even a oversee said
she's open to to nuclear
if you have small errors and I put
errors in quotes because maybe an
imperfection is not exactly an error
maybe something you could have clarified
it's not exactly an error just something
you could have done better but if you
leave some imperfections in your
presentation people will spend more time
engaging if those imperfections are not
core to your message you actually
improve your persuasion by having errors
this is something that the President
does to perfection he will say something
that's not quite exactly true maybe
there's a fact check that you you
question and by spending time
questioning the small fact you've spent
more time with the main message and
that's the win you want people to spend
more time with the main message even if
they're debating some trivial part of it
so that's good intentional small errors
now there are no intentional small
errors in my graph that I put together
but I am smart enough to know because
I've done this sort of thing enough for
long enough that there must be small
imperfections things that people will
disagree with so I didn't engineer it in
but I knew it was there and it's part of
the persuasion I tell people indirectly
I suggest that people who have seen this
tweet read the chart and now have
learned to understand with the nuclear
opportunity I make sure that they
believe that they're the smart ones
because if you tell people hey look at
this in 30 seconds you're going to be
smarter about a major topic people like
that people like to feel smart that's
that's a real draw so I give them an
opportunity to feel smart
that's good persuasion the hero
opportunity this is very important to
making something viral the reason I put
it all in a tweet is these is the hope
that other people would would tweet it
so in order to be tweetable it's helpful
to create the hero opportunity the hero
opportunity is for those of you who read
my tweets you say to yourself hey if I
retweet this or send it to somebody I
think could use it I'm making the world
a better place
improving the world and the person who
receives this will probably thank me
because I have cleared up this whole
nuclear energy opportunity in the way
that they've never seen before so I
could be a hero in a small way but
everybody likes that who doesn't like
being being a hero and that I also said
it was a no-brainer to consider nuclear
now when you say it's a no-brainer you
remove people from the critical thinking
process so it's a little bit unfair but
it's also true in other words I'm not
lying
it is sort of a no-brainer once you see
the you don't see the facts laid out I
would say that that's why a OSI can
agree with you know the most Republican
Republican the reason that they can come
to the same conclusion is because this
is a no-brainer
the only people were disagreeing other
people who haven't quite come up to
speed with the fact that the newer
technologies are as good as they are now
thank you to mark Schneider who is at at
sub writer SCH and Eydie ER for his for
his information to help me build this
and you should follow him on Twitter if
you're not already now also I would say
to Mark Snyder you should use interface
by when hub my startup to add a link on
your webpage that people can contact you
directly from that link and it will open
up the interface by when hub app that my
company makes and you could have a
direct video call with mark were
scheduled one because that same link
would let you schedule one and he can he
can help you out with some persuasion
he's already on the app but I'd noticed
that his webpage did not take the link
that we provide and put it on the page
so that somebody can contact him to
schedule a phone call and if any if you
have any kind of webpage that you would
like to do the same go to where
Oh calm if you've already signed up to
be to be an expert on the interface by
wind huh bap so there are two things you
need the app the mobile app that works
on any mobile device so if you have that
it's free but you also want to go to the
web hub comm page search for yourself
and that will give you the the link that
you can put on your web page just just
add the link and people can
automatically be directed to a schedule
or to catch you live if you happen to be
live on the interface app and they can
talk to you in person without exchanging
any personal information so that's all
for now
and I will talk to you all later