did you do oh hey everybody
it's time for sing-along coffee with
Scott Adams yes well I wake up to lots
of news today
time for a simultaneous sip no early
coffee is the best coffee so you've
probably all following the news and you
know there are some provocative tweets
going on at the moment we hear well
first of all Paul Ryan is not seeking
re-election I don't know what to make of
that
that's more of a political question but
let's talk about the president's tweets
tweet number one from the president let
me read it is Russia vows to shoot down
any and all missiles fired at Syria
get ready Russia because they will be
coming nice and new and smart smart you
shouldn't be partners with a gas killing
animal who kills his people and enjoys
it okay and then follows up fairly
quickly with the following tweet our
relationship with Russia is worse now
than it has ever been and that includes
the cold war there is no reason for this
Russia needs us to help with their
economy something that would be very
easy to do and we need all nations to
work together stop the arms race with
the question mark stop the arms race so
here's tears my assessment of this and
where I think it's all heading number
one all of the international stuff is
connected right now so whatever the
president does in Syria is going to be
seen by North Korea is going to be seen
by Iran so there's it's important to
posture like you're the biggest toughest
monkey in the jungle so you've got that
hanging over it sorry so the president
needs to act tough because he needs good
results in other places so if he acts
not tough in one place other people will
say hey you know I can come so that's
the first thing there's a third tweet
somebody says let me see if there's a
third tweet before I go on oh much
here's the third tweet from the
president much of the bad blood with
Russia is caused by the fake and corrupt
a Russia investigation headed up by the
old Democrat loyalists or people that
work for Obama Muller is most conflicted
of all except Rosenstein who signed FISA
and Comey letters no collusion so they
go crazy all right so that's slightly
off-topic except that has to do with
Russia so here's my take of us so you've
got this alleged chemical gas attack
allegedly by Syrians government see was
very unlikely and there seems to be some
issue about getting people in to
actually check now given that we don't
know and that the world at least much of
the world suspects that it was Assad we
have to act tough so the president is
moving armata nearby and waiting for
confirmation or D confirmation is that a
word of who did it so the moving the
assets into place we had to do because
we have to act tough now Russia had to
push back because they've got act tough
too so Russia said if you fire those
missiles we'll shoot them out of the air
well that caused the president to have
to talk tough so he said watch out
Russia
our missiles are so fast and smart they
you won't even see them coming all right
so so far all we've had is everybody's
saying what they're supposed to say in
this situation Assad is supposed to deny
it we're supposed to talk tough until we
find out what's happening
Russia is supposed to talk tough so
everybody's just sort of doing what
they're supposed to do in this situation
I don't think the president has decided
about shooting or not but here's what
isn't what's interesting Russia said
that they would shoot down the missiles
but they said more than that they said
there was shoot down the missiles and
also they might attack whatever they
were fired from which could be cruisers
or battleships or I suppose aircraft now
if Russia were to attack our aircraft or
ships at sea chances are that's hard to
contain you that's real war and you
notice that the president's tweet did
not threaten to threaten Russia's assets
so Russia threatened the United States
assets meaning that they would go after
whoever fired the missile and and
Trump's tweet was more about the
missiles being good
so Trump did not say and will if anybody
fires back at us we'll go back at their
you know their source so he didn't say
that so in the war of words he did not
escalate so the war of words with Mara
bear bear bear camp and then the
president went burp and brought it back
the level and then he retweeted hey why
can't we be friends so he's already
softened it twice I guess you could say
here's what I expect the commander this
I expect that we will not have a
confirmed identification of who fired of
who did the chemical attack and if that
happens the president has now created a
situation in which he can back down
because he's gone in so strong that if
it turns out that he can't confirm who
fired the gas and it just makes sense to
let it go because you just can't confirm
it he would not be backing down in a
wimpy way he would be backing down from
the strongest possible position which is
something you can back down from so
backing down from a weak position just
makes you look weaker backing down for a
super strong position which is how he's
going into this gives you the
flexibility that you could say okay well
had this been confirmed as the Syrian
government we sure would have send the
missiles in there and they would be
smart and nobody could stop them so it's
it's roughly the right setup for this
situation now the scary dramatic thing
to light but to overlay on top of this
is that I can't imagine a president who
would be more angry than this president
is right now so you've got somebody who
has the nuclear codes and his personal
lawyer just got got rated and he just
went through a couple weeks of stormy
Daniels and Karen McDougal so the
president's had some events with the
resignations everything that would make
anybody pretty mad so pretty pretty mad
so here's what I would guess would
happen the stock market might pull back
temporarily I think we'll hang out for a
while until we find out we don't know
who was behind the gas attack and then
if we're smart we'll back off now it's
still possible we'll fire some missiles
so I don't have a prediction about that
but I think we're going to need a pretty
good reason you know if we fire them it
might just be to show that we can but it
seems like a bad idea at this point oh
that's good
somebody says it was Turkey well who
knows see yeah so Alan Dershowitz and
the president apparently had a meal
together so I'm going to agree with
Preet Bharara as I you say isn't he that
the that the FBI is attack if you can
call it that on Trump's personal lawyer
is probably because they have something
more than just stormy Daniels stuff so
they must have something more more than
that but here's the problem they
wouldn't have more than that except for
stormy Daniels except for the president
as the president so there's probably no
reason that his personal lawyer is part
of this except that the president is the
president so there's no way that I can
be comfortable with that even if it
turns out that Cohen was guilty of some
unrelated thing that we don't know about
yet well the guy who have made Beetle
Bailey is not alive so if he got on
periscope that'd be quite a trick
yeah somebody asked me to rearrange my
books back there which I did all right
well nobody knows what Dershowitz talked
about with the president but he probably
counseled him not to fire anybody so
just to clarify when I went on and said
that the president has a free pass to
fire people that was a free pass from my
perspective not in a political sense
yeah the political sense it might be the
worst idea in the world to fire anybody
especially when you can still pardon
anybody you want so you might want to
hold back and wait for your pardon but
should he fire anybody I just want to
clarify that I would personally be okay
with that and I would support it but
that doesn't make it a good idea can't
pardon for state crimes is that you you
can't pardon somebody for a state crime
yeah interesting somebody's saying yes
you can I guess we need a confirmation
on that
I thought the president's pardon ability
was pretty thorough but we'll look into
that oh that's interesting that we don't
know the answer to that question whether
he can pardon for a state crime might my
instinct is that he can but I'm willing
to be wrong about that yeah I thought
the pardon was absolute so that's where
I'm leading right now
all right so most of you think the
pardon is absolutely the right of the
power of the pardon is absolute in the
president I think I would agree with
that but I'm not the expert here all
right I don't have anything else to say
today so the summary on the Syria stuff
and the tweets is that the president has
to push back until they find out who was
behind the gas attack Russia has to push
us back we've said our words
everybody's acted strong now everybody
can back off if they need to based on
the facts so I think we're fine I
wouldn't be worried too much about the
events of today so calm down everybody
I don't expect a war with Russia and
I'll talk to you later