I'm pumpable unbuttoned
hey everybody come on in come on in
it's time for coffee with Scott Adams
this one might be a little extra
delicious because I overslept yesterday
and missed our window but today today
today I've got some semi delicious
coffee because I'm on the road know I'm
in Las Vegas today and I hope you'll
join me in the simultaneous sip
Ronde get your coffee Ron
it's time grab your vessel your cup and
your beverage and now the simultaneous
sip
so I'm watching the Carter page of a
FISA story and here's my summary of the
Carter page FISA story I don't really
know what's going on I think I'd like to
speak for approximately 300 million
Americans when I say Carter page FISA
I'm confused I can't really tell why
it's important or what the details are
or why some people are saying one thing
and some are saying the other but I from
a persuasions perspective I agree with
president Trump's approach so I think
everybody knows the public is not going
to understand the whole Carter page
think it's just one of those topics
people are just not going to understand
the details so because nobody
understands it whoever frames that wins
so the president has got out of it
quickly over the weekend and framed it
as as you know showing that that the it
was all a witch hunt
so he says congratulations blah blah it
talks about the Carter page FISA
document this is Trump's tweet from
today I guess as usual they're
ridiculously heavily redacted but
confirmed with little doubt that the
Department of Justice you put you put
justice in quotes his own Department
and FBI misled the courts which ant
rigged a scam so it's exactly the
perfect thing to say
persuasion wise I reiterate that I have
no idea what the page FISA warrant being
released actually tells me I don't
understand the issue so in that context
it's great for the President to just
frame it any way he wants and just say
well here it is it's proof that aliens
live on Neptune
you could just say anything about it you
know I think the Carter page FISA
release with all of its redactions is
proof to the public that that I'm an
alien from outer space you could say
anything about that that nobody
understands what's going on at this
point nobody meaning the public yeah
there there's some pundits and experts
who might have a grasp of it but I
wonder about that even yeah the it says
that dossier info was used to get FISA
warrants but other people who look at it
and say the opposite so you're seeing
the two movies on one screen approach
again you're seeing people will look at
that document and they have completely
different interpretations of whether
it's important and what it means so let
me get to my more fun oh I'm just
talking low because Christine is still
asleep I'm not sick so I saw a story on
CNN today
at CBS did an interview with president
in which the president said he he didn't
want to talk about whether Putin was
lying his exact words were I don't want
to get into whether Putin was lying so
Trump was asked on this new interview
that the interviewer said do you believe
your own Intel people that Russia
meddled in the election and he says yes
you know completely trust them
yes that's true so on the question of
fact he agrees with everybody else that
there was a meddling and the Intel
agencies know it now I didn't really
need the Intel agencies to tell me that
because I'm pretty sure everybody's
meddling with everybody and so if the
big story would be imagine if we found
out that Russia was not meddling with
our with our cyber everything that would
be a bigger story because it would be
more surprising but then the the pundits
on CNN looked at the clip in which the
president said quote I don't want to get
into whether Putin is lying and they and
they look at each other like and they
try to act like they don't understand
how these two things could be coming
from the same president how could it be
that he says clearly he believes his
Intel people that Russia was involved at
the same time why won't he say why will
he not say that Putin was like when it's
obvious he was and the president says
don't want to get into whether Putin was
lying now isn't it a hundred percent
obvious to you what's going on it why
are the pundits on CNN confused by any
of this he is very clearly just giving
Putin a diplomatic
um the little diplomatic space in other
words it's sort of the last chance you
know we're gonna downplay what you have
done all right so the past can't change
the past and we're not gonna try to
change the past but if this crap happens
again the future is not going to look
good for you so I think the president
has clarified in my mind anyway exactly
what he plans to do and what his
strategy is his strategy is to try to
get Putin to be productive and be a you
know be on the side of mutual progress
and he doesn't want the past to get away
let's have another simultaneous sip
mostly because I'm thirsty
all right
yes just like North Korea somebody said
in the comments that is correct
breaking news Kelly steps down is that
true
let us see if we've got a headline like
that I will see you on CNN it's not a
web page yet how relationships do better
with short memory that is very wise yeah
I'm not seeing anything about Kelly so
don't assume that's true yet could be
trolls Putin used the media to divide us
well why why is it why is it that we
don't blame the media why does the media
get a pass before dividing the country
you know why is it okay that the media
who are the supreme programmers of our
minds I mean the media literally is
reprogramming our brains and if we're
divided it's because of the way they
framed it think about every story that
divided America in the past two years
right think about every story that
divided America and think about how it
could have been covered that would not
have divided America and would still be
accurate take the time that President
Trump announced that there were you know
when he announced he was running and he
said that Mexico was sending us their
raber's rapists and their murderers but
some I assume are good people now they
could have reported that
by asking for his clarification and then
whatever the president clarified say oh
this is the story we weren't sure what
he said but now he's clarified and he's
clarified by saying of course you know
I'm not saying every man woman and child
that comes across the border is a rapist
because obviously I'm not saying the
children are rapists to the women are
rapists or most of the men there's just
too many of them now if the news had
said hey that first thing he said was
ambiguous we better ask him what he
meant and then they reported what he
said in his clarification would that not
be the news isn't that the entire news
we were confused it was ambiguous we
asked for a clarification he gave it to
us the clarification is perfectly
acceptable
yeah so the the dog-whistle part is the
imaginary part of the news if the news
stopped covering the parts that are
imaginary as in what is somebody really
thinking in their mind what is the magic
whistle that people are hearing what is
his long-term strategy what do we
imagine you know what do we huh loosen
eight is the future that will happen
from this that sort of thing so if the
news reported the actual news instead of
repinned Ian's opinion you know wrapping
every news story with massive layers of
opinion we wouldn't have a divided
country would we let me ask you do you
think the country would be divided if
the news just reported the news yeah
Charlotte's Phil's the perfect example
the first thing the president said about
good people on both sides was ambiguous
what did he mean god I hope he doesn't
mean the tiki torch guys so then they
asked him for a clarification and he
said effectively no not the tiki torch
guys you have not the racist I just mean
the people who support statues versus
the people who don't they're good people
on both sides so it would have been easy
to report Charlottesville as just a
unclear statement that became a clear
one that was the whole story there was
an unclear statement that became clear
now you may have seen some people
tweeting around a recent poll I think it
was a Gallup poll in which the public
was asked which topics they thought were
most important you know their top
priorities and it was hilarious because
the list it was almost a he Trump list
of priorities in other words if he asked
the president to name his own priorities
it turns out that the public has the
same priorities as President Trump now
now the president that one of the top
priorities that people were worried
about there was more what people are
worried about them priorities they they
were worried about racial relations now
that's something that the president has
not has not been a superstar on to say
the least so that's one issue that I
would say the the press has put at the
top but between between the media who
dislikes the president and the President
himself they have completely reshift
'add the public's opinion of what
matters and what's a big risk and what
isn't
so if you ever thought that people had
free will if you thought people had free
will look at how much Trump and the
anti-trump media completely rearranged
the opinions of what matters in this
country completely different than two
years ago the funniest thing about the
list of the top concerns is that out of
that I think the top you know 36
concerns or whatever it is climate
change wasn't even on the list climate
change didn't make the list terrorism
was way down the list who gets the
credit for that should be the
administration right if you take
terrorism from our biggest fear to way
down the list
that means the administration is doing
some right now I included that the Obama
administration which obviously set
things in motion you know we wouldn't be
where we are if they hadn't done
whatever it is that they did
yeah environmental concerns were way
down the list the Cohen tape a big deal
my prediction on the Cohen tape is that
it's a minor a minor problem
Trump took out Isis not Obama you know
you lose credibility when you give Obama
no credit you know these things are not
binary you could certainly say that
Trump did a better job than Obama you
know you could make an argument for that
and that would be either right or wrong
but it's credible but it's not credible
to say that Obama did nothing for the
economy it's not credible to say Obama
did nothing to fight Isis those things
are just so you know clearly you know
not credible statements that it hurts
your argument a better argument is that
Obama you know made headway and Trump
finished it and it Trump's kind of a
finisher so he's he's a closer I think
that's a better way to put it
I would say Obama is a you know a good
good starter and Trump is a good closer
what did is something really saying what
did Obama do for the economy are you
kidding me when Obama took over the
economy was on the edge of complete
completely going down the drain and he
took it from a basket case to a solid
base yeah I would give Obama somebody
said a b-plus probably at least that and
b-plus is a good grade
Giuliani says the tape is expel pottery
as he heard the tape as Giuliani heard
the tape
I don't know that yes yeah the Assange
is story I was reading up on the asan
story yeah and it's interesting that he
hasn't been charged with anything the
best take of this site is Glenn
Greenwald I'm gonna give a little
commercial for Glenn Greenwald Greenwald
or Grunwald great vault at the intercept
so his article I think it's a new one on
Assange is worth reading it's a really
good context and I say this even though
a song has come after me on Twitter
not another song sorry
Assange is never communicated with me on
Twitter I'm talking about
gladden Korean wold so he's he's been
pretty mean to be on Twitter at least
once once I can think of I think he may
have misinterpreted I don't remember the
topic it might have been something he
misinterpreted but despite the fact that
he and I are not buddies and never will
be I think you know as a person he seems
like a terrible person
just just my observation of watching him
on TV but in terms of his positions he
is he is uniquely unbiased yeah
Greenwald is probably the most probably
the most unbiased journalist working
would you say that can anybody think of
anybody who is more unbiased and willing
to you know take a take a clear view of
both sides
can you think of anybody else who is
more unbiased he's probably one of the
few genuine reporters who I would say
yeah yeah Mike certain that she need to
be another one almost everybody else is
biased all right
recession coming somebody says there's
always a recession coming
we just don't know end
he lies about the Sam Harris all the
time I don't know about that all right I
think I've said enough are there any
other fun topics at the moment
yeah if you I do think Glenn Greenwald
does not play well with other with other
pundits but I don't hate that about him
oh if you can separate his personality
from his professional his personality
appears to be terrible
his professional work appears to be
outstanding somebody asked about my
startup I'm gonna have some exciting
news about the startup even maybe two
weeks if things go well so look for that
yeah so I'm watching the news about the
the various Hollywood people who have
said bad things and I'm watching Mike
sort of itch called them out by showing
their past tweets and I gotta say
there's some there's some ugly stuff in
those tweets but beyond that I'm not a
mind reader I do not know what any of
them are thinking or feeling
I only know what's in their tweets and
you know you have to be a little bit
cautious to over to over-interpret them
but it's certainly fair it's always fair
to reprint somebody's own words you know
it's up to them to clarify I'm
whispering because Christina is still
asleep garden called you a horrible
person are you saying that God said
something about me that's not true is it
I didn't even know who he was until
recently
joking about kids yeah yeah I have a I
have sort of a mixed feeling about where
to draw the line with humor because the
moment you say something is too far then
you know then humor humor is under
attack but at the same time there are
some things which are extremely
offensive here's my take on it I think
the the market takes care of this stuff
if people say stuff that the market
doesn't like they're gonna react so I
think I just leave it to the public yeah
I it's not for me to say whether a joke
is or is not funny and it's not for me
to say whether a joke is or is not
appropriate if the market decides to
punish him for a joke that's how the
market works
well here's another perspective there is
there is a form of humor that I often
practice but only privately all right
so most of you who seen seen my
professional humor work and when I'm
when I'm talking professionally to the
public
you know I draw some lines for myself
and I'll say okay this is below the line
this is above line and I'll make sure
that I don't you know I don't offend the
public any more than I want to but
privately oh my god privately I have
said and laughed at some of the worst
things you could even imagine so
privately I will laugh at the absolute
worst inappropriate joke something that
nobody should ever say a thought that
should never even be formed in your head
something that's offensive to all
humanity privately I might laugh about
that and the reason I would laugh here
here's the important point the reason I
would laugh is because of the
horribleness of it right the laughter
the trigger for the laugh is that it's
not supposed to be said or thought it's
something so so inappropriate that it
just triggers a laugh response of me so
if I laugh at a topic which you should
not be joking about and you know you're
you're mentioning some of those topics I
don't need to re mention them but if you
laugh about them privately and you're
not offending somebody who hears it
right there's nobody in the room who's
better victim or personally affected by
it
then you're you're actually agreeing
your laughter is agreeing with the
people who say these topics are are
inappropriate right so if I laugh at an
inappropriate topic I'm not laughing at
the victim ever I'm laughing at the
inappropriateness of the topic that can
be funny but there's nothing funny about
the victims of course all right
somebody's challenging me to look for a
gun tweet Scott and see what he said
about me
oh he did talk about me how about that
so what is
I also Judd Apatow said something about
me Judd Apatow said do something I said
this is the response to me I called
myself a professional humorist - in the
context of explaining that I'm
recognizing something as a joke and
other people are saying it's not a joke
and in in that context I'm saying well
I'm a professional humorist I can
recognize a joke Judd Apatow says no one
who is actually funny says they are a
professional humorist okay he's already
done on the first sentence who made that
rule is that some kind of a rule this is
Judd Apatow May 12 no one who was
actually funny says they were
professional humorist well Judd I have
sold approximately 25 million Dilbert
books and calendars why do people buy
them was it because I'm not funny so
judge people who think that humor is
objective people who think the humor is
not subjective are not really credible
but then he goes on to say it's so easy
to excuse hate and racism by saying
Trump is making jokes he is an awful
person to his core and you should be
ashamed of voicing this type of absurd
support so the first part this funny is
Jed Jed Apatow was insulting me on
Twitter and I never knew it until now I
never noticed
so I guess ignoring him was the the
right thing to do in this case yeah Judd
I think is suffering from a bad case of
from derangement syndrome and honestly I
see it as a medical problem so I'm not
going to respond to
Apatow as if what he said is an opinion
because it doesn't come off as an
opinion it comes off as a medical
problem then James Gunn jumped in I
didn't know this until just this moment
and he's talking about me when he says
this and he says he keeps explaining
what makes a joke a joke and then backs
up his argument by linking to a blog he
wrote meaning me on what a joke is and
then he says it's weird as
and he seems completely clueless about
how weird it is well yes I am completely
clueless because I just read your your
tweet and I don't even understand it so
I guess I'm gonna agree with you that I
don't understand why a professional
humorist who often writes about what
makes something funny could link to his
own blog on the very topic he's talking
about so apparently it's weird to tweet
a link to your own blog post which is
relevant to the topic and a category a
topic in which you are literally an
established expert now in this context I
would say anybody who's made millions of
dollars publishing humor would be
considered a Huber expert you know that
doesn't mean you like them it doesn't
mean doesn't mean they're the funniest
person in the world but if you've made
millions of dollars doing this thing
you're kind of an expert
so I would say James guns and and then
it looks like he blocked me James Gunn
blocked me oh no I blocked him I guess I
blocked him for something maybe it was
for this I didn't know who he was so the
set the funny part of the story is that
they're famous people in Hollywood who
were insulting me and I've never even
noticed all right so I don't have an
opinion on James Gunn's past tweets they
are for you the public to respond to any
way you want it's completely fair to
call them out because they're public but
you can you can do with that what you
will
I'm not that I'm not gonna be the humor
police but I agree with you on the
general concept some things are not
funny
all right
you've been insulted by Andy Cohen so
I'm not sure if I can tell you this but
I think I will yeah no I think I won't
the you you could probably imagine that
those of you who those have you been
listening to me for a long time
as much as I do tell you about the
interesting things going on in my life
and elsewhere that it's the tip of the
iceberg if you could see the rest of the
iceberg it would just change your entire
worldview the the things that I
personally experience and have have been
exposed to and have learned about how
the world works is mind boggling it's
mind boggling I'm not talking about one
thing I'm talking about a body of things
that there are some things you just
can't talk about in public and the
biggest reason other two reasons
the one reason you can't talk about them
is that you know they're there people
who have given you their confidence they
expect you not to talk about it so I of
course hold that is one of my highest
principles to not not blab other
people's secrets but the the second part
is you wouldn't believe it anyway
there is so much I could tell you that I
know to be true that you absolutely
would not believe just unbelievable
anyway so enough on that
so I had an experience the day before
yesterday now how many of you are
familiar with Jim Gaffigan comedian Jim
Gaffigan how many of you know who he is
so Christina and I went to see a show
here in Vegas was yeah that he was at
Caesars and the the big the big room so
probably a four thousand people came to
see him and oh my god he just killed he
killed that his act is clean totally
clean
I and yet probably the funniest funniest
comedian working right now I was I
actually got dizzy I laughed so hard
that I was actually dizzy it's it's one
of the best things anyway so many years
ago before Jim was as famous as he is
and before before Dilbert was as because
I got he and I worked together for a day
so I did a commercial for Barnes and
Noble but one of my books was a
best-seller at the time and so they were
having best selling best selling yeah
it's the best-selling authors were doing
Barnes & Noble commercials and Jim
Gaffigan who is not yet as famous was
the host of each endeavor so hung out
with him for I don't half a day well the
film in heaven and then I got to watch
his career go from guy doing commercial
for Barnes Noble to you know arguably
the the best comedian working I would
say and so that was fun anyway
so I noticed that we follow each other
on Twitter so I sent him a message and
asked if we could just say hi after the
after the show now if you've ever done
this
well most of you probably haven't but if
you meet the star after the show
generally there are lots of people doing
it you know it's just a group of people
who for whatever reason got to go
backstage and meet the band or meet the
star or something and this time I was
just Kristina and I we got to go back
and and chat for a while and hang out
with him and Ted his his opening act
that day and it was really it was really
a fun experience you say that great and
interesting guy careful Scott you're
gonna ruin his career yeah
now he's uh he's probably the best the
best comedian working right now in terms
of live comedy or even televised
yeah Brian Regan
is it regular Regan is also a excellent
clean comedian
somebody said what did you talk about
well that's the point is that I don't
talk about what I talk about but it was
a fun experience
all right I think I'm done for now I've
got to go do some more work and I will
talk to all of you later