that it did do pom pom pom pom pom pom
pom pom pom pom well I thought it was
gonna be a quiet news day but it's not
looking like that now have you all seen
the news according to the New York Times
federal agents have raided the office of
Trump lawyer Michael Cohen Oh what do
you think of that let me let me give you
my opinion at this point and this is
just my opinion as a citizen of the
country at this point and at no point
before this but at this point President
Trump has my full support to fire
everybody he can fire people who just
have names that sound like these
 now he can fire sessions he can
fire Rosenstein he can fire you can fire
all of them now he has my full support
fire everybody you need to do and I am
totally on board and by the way I don't
want to know I don't care what the
charges are I don't care what they find
at the president Trump's personal
lawyers place period game over and now I
don't know if the president will fire
anybody but now it's a free pass it's a
free punch you know that I'm completely
on board with the firing now fire them
all and I wouldn't have said any of that
literally ten minutes ago
ten minutes ago I would have said firing
these guys would be the worst the worst
thing that ever happened it would be the
dumbest idea and now fireball I'm on
board so I would love to see a poll that
give me a flash opinion in your opinion
can president just fire everybody now
does anybody disagree with that at this
point
is there anybody thinks that it would be
prudent for him not to fire them at this
point this is the most agreement I've
ever seen on any question I've ever
asked that periscope is there even one
person who thinks these people need to
keep their jobs all right well if you
were if you missed the first minute
we're talking about the New York Times
reporting that the federal agents have
raided the office of Trump lawyer
Michael Cohen
which gives them access to all of the
private communications that relate to
stormy Daniels and the president and the
hush Bay minsum and whatever else they
might find in the personal
communications that is a line you think
Siri across the line Syria did not cross
the line okay they crossed the line too
but this is a frickin line all right as
a citizen I
I am fully on board mr. president time
to get rid of all of them all of them
I'd get rid of every frickin person who
even touched this decision you know and
I'd do it I'd do it tomorrow I don't I
don't care if there's empty seats I
don't care if it causes a riot in the
street I don't care if it puts a stain
on his presidency I don't care I don't
care anything this is the biggest firing
offense I've ever seen right I don't
even care if they followed all the rules
there's one person here says he should
let it play out you know there's a
bigger issue here he could let it play
out
because that you know maybe that's the
best legal strategy but there's sort of
a bigger issue here
this this crosses a line that is they're
so striking to me that that it just goes
to overthrow of the presidency kind of
situation but beyond that I mean that's
just one of the lines so one of the
lines that are crossing is they're just
interfering with the people at this
point all right the freaking people
elected this president we did not elect
a bunch of you know bureaucrats to make
his job impossible that's not good for
me all right I'm personally not better
off with any of the stuff that's
happening with Trump's lawyer cross the
line across the line Wow did I see the
latest queue post no and I don't care
about it they took his phone computer
everything yeah you know I'd close them
down it may be too late at this point to
ever get any of that stuff back it might
just be that at this point it's just
gonna be what it's going to be because
once they've seized him I don't know if
he could never get him back you could
just keep firing people until somebody
tell nobody wants to touch it anymore
what would happen next if he fired them
all well let's play that through let's
say the President Trump just fires I
don't know how deep you'd have to fire
but seems like there's a lot of fire in
there needs to be done at least Muller
I think Muller's got to go now if was it
Muller actually they said the FBI but
does that mean it was Muller I'm I get a
little confused about who does what over
there but whoever sent the FBI after
after Trump's the personal lawyer over
the stormy Daniel stuff oh my god
way over the line so yes somebody said
what would happen if you were to fire
the Special Counsel now
here and here's my answer I don't care I
don't care well I don't care we're all
the line across the line that's the
whole point of a line right the whole
point of a line is that if you cross
that line I don't care anymore
that you know that that the the
implications are the implications and if
it costs you know if it causes other
problems now bring him on yeah it wasn't
our decision
across the line all right Wow
my head it my head is just shaking over
this I'm like blah blah blah blah blah
blah I can't remember the last time I
was so offended by something the
government did and the government does a
lot to offend me yeah it's not it's not
as if we don't have a lot of choices for
things to be offended by but holy cow
Rosenstein approved it yeah you know and
it might be that everybody was just
doing their job and that they had to
follow the evidence and they can't
ignore you know if there any potential
laws and the trail seems to point to
them they can't ignore it
and so I say fire them anyway well I
don't care fireball you have my full
support mr. president don't care what
the I don't care what the consequences
are once once they go after his personal
life and his personal wire in a
political context shut them down all
right
yeah and yours that yeah you're seeing
the subdued version of me all right
I'm literally doing everything I can not
to show the full extent of my anger
right now because I mean I'm going to be
mad at the president if we get to the
end of today and any of those people
still have jobs like I'm going to start
getting mad at him for now
if it doesn't happen right away Wow
let me let me see with the various news
organizations let's see how they're
covering it so let's look at Fox News
Trump bashes the FBI raid and it talks
about the president calling it
disgraceful and that over on CNN I think
the news is so new that they're both
going to be covering it the same so
there won't be much opinion and yet and
there's a crystal ASA who I believe you
know Chris this ELISA over at CNN I
don't know if he had time for to write
an actual article so I believe he's just
still masturbating to it he's Jesus
masturbating to the news at this point
because this has got to be the happiest
day of his life
oh my god so the records that I'm
looking at CNN Trump on whether he'll
fire so this is from six minutes ago and
that it's titled to Trump on whether
he'll fire mullah Muller quote we'll see
what happens and he says why don't you
just fire Muller somebody asked he says
well I think it's a disgrace what's
going on we'll see what happens a
disgrace and Trump is also called that
he's framing it as an attack on our
country that's how I see it that's how I
see it as an attack on the country and
just for all the deals I got to give you
a pre-emptive Dale
okay are you ready for a pre-emptive
Dale here it is Louis you're Scott why
didn't you say the same thing when
President Clinton was being was being
impeached for a Monica Lewinsky thing
why did you save the same thing then
Dale I will slap that beard right off
you I did say the same thing then I
didn't like it when President Clinton's
personal life became public a public
problem and I don't like it now I feel
exactly the same
so before anybody accuses me of being
hypocritical on this same rules if this
were the Democrats if this were Hillary
Clinton going through the same situation
same reaction all right this this is
more about the country this isn't so
much about the politicians anymore all
right this is no longer about Democrat
and Republican this is the Republic all
right this is this is the world you want
to live in this is us getting to decide
is this the world that we can tolerate
can you tolerate this environment I
can't I can't tolerate it so I'm all up
for the firing bring it on and and and
I'll say again as clearly as possible if
the president doesn't do some firing
because of this I'm going to be real
disappointed and when you ask me what do
I think of the ramifications what about
the fallout from the firing what about
all the bad things the marches in the
street what about their protests what
about the violence that would certainly
happen probably there would be protests
probably people get hurt
here's my answer don't care don't care
the line has been crossed all right now
now let's just bring on that stuff let's
get it over with let's bring those let's
let's hurry it up let's have the
protests bring them up bring on the
protest bring on the people who say he's
a dictator he is he's firing people who
are just investigating the law bring it
on bringing it all up
bring it all on it's time to just get
this all this cleared away it's
time now we are still waiting for people
who actually know what they're talking
about to weigh em and that usually means
somebody like Dershowitz I cannot wait
to hear Alan Dershowitz talk about this
because I don't know what at what
Dershowitz is gonna say and this might
be the first time that he and I disagree
I don't know that but it might be
because I suspect that Dershowitz would
give
or it would speak in terms of the law
and what's the best legal strategy that
sort of thing but I'm not really talking
on that level
I no longer care about the law
sorry I no longer care about the law
that's not what this is about anymore
this is not about the law this is about
something completely different
what if he does not fire anyone well you
know I'm not even sure this will hurt
him for re-election because you know it
if these guys you know really dig into
this stormy stuff and they use the stuff
they found from this person the lawyer
to get at him I'm gonna register to vote
man I that's how that's how I agree I
would be do you know how many people
like you get to vote if I tried to it
would be a lot
and this is one of those there's issues
that should cross the aisle at least a
little bit because this is the same
standard you'd want to be you'd want to
see with a politician on either side you
shouldn't care about what team they're
on at this point you will invoke
privilege I don't know how that works
all right so I'm not sure I have much
else to say about that
Dershowitz is on Hannity tonight in
Hannity says Dershowitz is apoplectic is
that true well it's probably true
because the way you said it made it
sound like you just saw so probably
Israel all right I'm clear in my
calendar because I'm going to watch
Dershowitz
his head explode on live TV and if he
disagrees with me on this it'll be the
first time I disagreed with him now it
might be that there's just a terrible
legal peril if he fires them and maybe
Dershowitz just being a good you know
lawyer would say well even though you
might want to don't do it but I'm not on
that team I'm on the team of I don't
care what the consequence is time to
fire time to time just shut it down
DNC is trying to martyr Muller
bring it on yeah so here's the important
thing all of the what-ifs you know if he
fires him this repercussion that
repercussion this repercussion bring on
the repercussions I'm all about the
repercussions now you know don't want
anybody to get hurt
but let's just bring on the
repercussions now in fact I think that
will be my new my new hashtag it's like
you know the repercussions is something
you're supposed to try to avoid no I
don't want any repercussions not anymore
I am Pro repercussions bring them on
repercussion our asses as hard as you
want
I'll take those repercussions with a
spoil all right looking at all your
comments at this point yeah I think all
of you are just sharing the emotion
that's sort of what we're doing here
right because you know there's not much
in terms of information being exchanged
nobody's learning everything but we're
having this this weirdly cathartic
shared immediate experience that it's
kind of unique isn't it I mean I could
not at least what I feel is I feel that
most of you are having the same reaction
I I'm having and that it feels good for
you to see it to see the same reaction
coming out at me there's something yeah
just something necessary about that it's
just something that we all needed at the
same time
repercussions repercussions won't be
good for anyone somebody says fine bring
them up
yeah I'm not sure exactly who needs to
get fired
other than Muller so are they asked to
start there then the question is you
know does Rosenstein or Stein I never
get those right you see part of that is
as jeff sessions part of that we'll see
so by the way I don't think we need to
you know March to the streets or
anything about this what is sort of its
saying am i crying no I'm whatever is
the opposite of that
they've they ban knives in London I
thought yeah you want to be so lucky
that you're the the pro-gun president at
a time when London has to ban knives
because there are so many knife attacks
I mean you can't replace just being in
the right place at the right time tell
you all right so I've never seen so much
agreement on a point which is that this
has gone too far
and I think I'm going to watch a little
news coverage you'll probably do the
same and stay tuned for more tonight bye
for now