I'm open pom pom pom pom hey everybody
come on in here that's my printer you
hear printing off my notes now I know
why you here yeah I do yeah it's for the
simultaneous up you came to the right
place
you don't need much Tyler hey Arlene
John good to see you all and if you're
prepared you may already have a cup of
Megara glass inside the chalice decorate
thermos flask canteen and Grail convict
a vessel of any kind of filling with
your favorite liquid I like coffee join
me now for the unparalleled pleasure
that don't mean yet the thing that makes
everything better
the simultaneous ED go oh one of the
best ones ever now do you have a thing
at your home or workplace called a
printer a printer where things from the
Internet can be put on paper and then
you can look at them I've got one of
those and I almost throw it off my
second-floor balcony every time I use it
and this is just about every printer
I've ever owned I want to throw them all
off the second-floor balcony because
I've never been able to get a printer
that would print out paper and then I
could pick it up where it was printed
and then I could use it
I've never been able to do that in years
and years all the two things happen one
is that the printer is in a place where
somebody else will place something in
front of the paper output and then the
paper will bunch up because there's
something in the way or I'll do it I'll
move it
and it'll bunch up you know all stick or
there's a second possibility if you
don't have your printer where the
printer will come and go bunch up and
not be able to print anything you have
to do method two
which is what I've moved to you can see
here where you print it so that it all
falls on the floor now that looks do you
like a mistake it's not to print
something is on to the floor because
every other way it'll bunch up it'll
catch on something and will catch on the
other paper so I actually have my
printer my printers all print on the
floor and if you don't mind I'll have to
pick them up off the floor now because
these are my notes for the show I'm
pretty sure this somebody should invent
a printer that would have print and then
put the paper near the printer in some
way that's not all bolt up in the ball
all right that's enough of that and CVS
receipts people keep sending names of
people doing ridiculous things with
their 601 CVS receipts which is pretty
much did you all see the apology from
from South Park to China so South Park
did an episode mocking in China and I
gotta tell you I saw the episode it was
brutal it was really brutal and so China
has banned to South Park from from China
now when I watched the episode I said to
myself I think I'm watching the last
episode that the Chinese will sing
because it was pretty obvious if you saw
the episode and by the way you
absolutely should watch the episode even
even if you don't care about South Park
it's I think it's one of the latest ones
maybe it was last week's you should see
her for its political significance you
should you should see it for its
importance you know its actual political
global significance because there are a
lot of people who found out about China
for the first time from South Park
and South Park they did not hold back
they as is their way they did not let's
say they did not moderate their opinions
so they were freaking brutal yeah here's
their apology so China bans was South
Park so Trey Parker and Matt Stone the
creators of South Park they issued an
official apology and it says quote like
the NBA
we welcome the Chinese censors into our
homes and into our hearts we too love
money more than freedom and democracy
out there just taking the NBA and just
throwing them under the bus and like
back up forward back up forward we do
love money more than freedom and
democracy
she president she doesn't look just like
doesn't look just like Winnie the Pooh
at all so if you don't know that
reference apparently there's some
unflattering comparison of the way
Winnie the Pooh looks just physically to
the way President Sheen looks so much so
the Winnie the Pooh was banned in China
so that's part of what the South Park
episode is about is Winnie the Pooh had
it's pretty hilarious so she doesn't
look like Winnie the Pooh at all tune in
to our 300th episode this Wednesday at N
so they're using their apology to
promote their 300th episode everything
about this is right long live the great
Communist Party of China made this
autumns sorghum harvest be bountiful we
good now China we good now China so I
wouldn't be looking for South Park to be
playing in China anytime soon what will
this do to the total viewership of this
one episode of South Park well if the
world works the way I wanted to
this will be the most-watched episode of
South Park
in China because if you want if you want
something to be watched try banning it
in only your country see how that does
to your viewership see what that does
so something tells me that there's gonna
be a whole lot of viewing of that
episode so a good job for the South Park
people we're getting closer and closer
to decoupling from China because I think
it's it's just becoming more and more
clear that whatever they got going on
over there we don't want any of that so
there's this weird situation shaping up
where I think there are going to be two
planet Earth's there's going to be one
planet earth that's everything but China
and then there's going to be sort of a
Chinese bubble where China probably has
the resources and the will to literally
seal up China so that the Chinese don't
know what's happening in the rest of the
world and maybe we don't know what's
happening in China there we may actually
end up having to just wall it off in
other words they would wall themselves
off because they wouldn't be able to
control their population if the
population that had access to
information yeah China might not survive
access to information think about that
in order for China to survive
they have to cut off their population
from information that's like North Korea
same thing all right what did I tell you
about the situation with removing troops
from Syria near the border of Turkey so
the president announced he was going to
let Turkey handle this border region
that we had some troops and and what did
the world do the world did something
like this yeah what did I say I said fog
of war wait 48 hours
this probably isn't what you think it is
there's probably more information
what happened within 48 hours story
totally changed all right now when I say
totally changed I mean there were some
significant facts that we didn't go
before number one there's only 50 people
50 people that was the total number of
troops we were talking about let me ask
you this were those 50 people protecting
that entire area from the army of Turkey
well not exactly I mean it probably
helped because Turkey wouldn't want to
kill any of our troops and if they were
there maybe that maybe that was a little
bit of that of a gaming factor but I
don't feel as though the story is the
same
when you say there were 50 people does
it feel the same as when you thought we
were withdrawing you know some major
fighting force what were the 50 people
doing anyway they weren't fighting much
right well I don't know how much is
fighting what we're doing but 50 people
can't do that much in terms of you know
being an army so that was the first
thing we learned the second thing we
learned fairly quickly is it the
President had said he said it on Twitter
so that Turkey could hear it and I'm
sure Turkey had already heard it that if
they did something that crossed the line
using the president's language that he
would quote obliterate their economy the
president threatened to obliterated any
of Turkey and then he said he's done it
before and he has he has actually
obliterated the economy of Turkey when
he was trying to get back the pastor
whoever it was he actually crashed their
economy fairly quickly and they and they
they gave up their uh their hostage or
prisoner or political prisoner or
whatever it was I forget his name
he was the religious guy anyway I
thought those were the two things needed
to know there's only 50 people
and then he had threatened Turkey that
if they cross the line meaning do
something horrible against the Kurds etc
that he would crash your economy is that
enough well here's the thing if you if
you see people on TV who have somebody
asked me if my polyps are recurring I
went off my meds yesterday so yes so yes
you're seeing me getting allergy
symptoms that are not actually allergy
there it's something it's another story
I don't want to get into that anyway
so here's my here's my thing about the
situation it didn't look like you
thought it did coincidentally the same
day that that story happened was when my
article in The Wall Street Journal came
out and the Wall Street Journal article
I said there one of the things you
should do to avoid loser thing is to
wait 24 to 48 hours after a story like
that breaks to see if you have all the
facts because you almost never do sure
enough the the simulation served up
exactly exactly the story type that my
article was about and it and I showed
the model as clearly as you can see the
model that your first reaction was
completely lacking and important details
now I wanted to show you one of the best
tweets about this that I'm sure I print
it out oh man
and I not print that out what is wrong
with me oh here it is this is from
representative Matt gates so you
probably know Matt gates and it's
spelled GA etz Matt gates so you see him
often defending the president he's on
the news on Fox News all the time so
he's one of the most visible politicians
who are pro Trump I would also say I'm
gonna have to say that I've been
watching him now for a few years and he
has he has become probably
the most effective politician who's on
the right and and that you see often
yeah of the people that you see on TV
and set are the ones that you're aware
of I think he's become the most
effective one and here's a good example
of this so here's his tweet defending
the president's decision about Syria
pulling out the 50 troops then watch how
clever this is so Matt Gaetz tweets so
the nation with quote no-fault divorce
is supposed to stay married to the
Syrian Kurds forever I'll talk about
this this is just a brilliant opening to
a tweet and he says we gave them weapons
money and training to run Isis and of
their region emphasis on their to run
Isis out of their region now we are
supposed to entangle ourselves in their
four hundred plus year conflict with the
Turks do we share values now everything
about this tweet is right this is really
high level persuasive just really good
stuff let me tell you what's good about
it first of all it's three questions not
three statements if you ask if you make
three statements that somebody is primed
to disagree with and they're primed
because they're on the other team so if
doesn't matter who says it the other
team says you make a statement
I say it's false you say a I say a is
not true so the first thing he does
right is he puts three questions and his
tweets instead of three statements and
there are three good questions though
they have to be the right questions or
that's not a smart thing to do here's
the first question again so the nation
with no-fault divorce is supposed to say
married to the Syrian Kurds forever so
the frame that most people who were
critical of this were putting on this is
that the Kurds are allies and you never
leave an ally
you know they fought on the same team
they were helpful they were pro-american
they at least in their fighting against
Isis and we should not abandon them so
that was the frame that the critics were
putting on
so gates puts this frame on it you know
that we don't even stay in marriage
forever that's really good because he
personalized it because most of you have
had some experience with marriage you
know if you're old enough to vote you've
had at least a flirtation with the idea
of being married and then thinking maybe
you shouldn't be I personally have a
divorce of my history many of you do
those of you have not divorced certainly
know people who have and should have
what's the one thing you think when you
get married well I'm not going to get
divorced everybody who gets more married
thinks it's forever and it's not and we
have a we have no-fault divorce because
we know things don't last forever
even things that we we all seriously and
genuinely want to last forever don't
last forever so his first question is
why is the country with no-fault divorce
we don't need to think our relationships
last forever why would our relationship
why would our relationship with the
Kurds last forever it's really clever
flight framing brings it to something
you really understand compares it to it
in a very clever way and now you're
frame because because marriage and
divorce are so powerful in your mind
they just evaporate the other frame and
you just takes you right into this even
marriage doesn't last forever why should
the Kurds very very clever comparison
then he says that we we help them out so
basically that we've done our more than
our duty we drove Isis out of their
territory it wasn't them doing us a
favor it was because we were working
together it was like we did them a favor
they're doing us a favor
but cases framing it as we did them may
be a bigger favor because running Isis
and of their backyard feels like a
bigger deal than it is to us so that's
fair - it's fair that they got more out
of this than we did this is their
backyard
and that here's the clever part he says
in question form we are now supposed now
we were supposed to entangle ourselves
who uses word entangle sort of
uncritically just if you hear tangle
what are you here when you hear the word
entangled you want to get out of it
right there's no such there's no
positive use of the word entangle
we got entangled it's never good
so rather than say we're partners with
them where we've had we've had a
productive you know teamwork any of
those he says weren't angled good word
to just slip in there and uncritically
we were supposed to untangle ourselves
in there 400-plus conflict
400-plus your conflict with it with the
Turks now there you go 400 plus year
conflict with the Turks when you hear
that they occurs and the Turks have a
400 year conflict does that feel like
your problem it suddenly doesn't feel
like your problem does it because you
can solve a short-term problem just sort
of in general generally speaking if
there's something that looks like a
short-term situation that feels like
maybe something you could solve but now
I tell you that there's a problem that's
been the same for 400 years it doesn't
matter what the problem is I tell you
the problem has been the same for 400
years now if you said you had a
scientific solution I'd listen to that
but if it's a political problem
essentially this lasted 400 years are
you gonna fix it this year no all you
have to hear is that as a 400 year
problem and you say ah only a sucker
would try to solve that only a sucker
would try to solve a 400 year problem
that's political
you know if again if it were scientific
and you had invented something sure but
not a political problem because nothing
changed there's just not that much
that's different
there's no it's not going to fix itself
I think the president referred to them
as natural enemies which is also a good
phrase
so I would say whether you like it or
not a or C is the strongest persuader on
the left
I think Matt Gaetz has become the most
effective communicator I'll say
communicator and persuader on the right
and honestly if he's not running for
president someday I would be really
surprised I would be really surprised if
you don't see Matt Gaetz
you know in the hunt for president in a
few years I don't know when so that's my
prediction and here I'll double and
triple down
I predict long-range prediction are you
right are you ready
someday Matt Gaetz will run for
president against AOC and that is gonna
be fun that is gonna be a good time let
me tell you
speaking of a or C she cannot not make
news all right
AMC doesn't know how to stay out of the
news and I mean that a good way she
knows how to keep her name in front of
the news her latest thing was that we
only get the exact quote she says
America needs to quote have a real
conversation about abolishing prisons
now if you hear the a or C wants to
abolish prisons and we've talked about
this before
I think Biden said something about but
when you hear that
that's that's a headline right you can't
get that out of your head
you're suddenly thinking about
abolishing prisons and you're like what
how can you do that now she's not
talking about violent crimes I think I
don't know she doesn't have details but
I've said before now when somebody says
we have to have a conversation about and
it's not real every politician who says
we need to have and they use these words
we have to have a conversation about X
it means that they know that nobody has
an idea for solving it so you don't
really need that conversation you would
need somebody who has a suggestion for
how to do it if you have a
joshan then you can look into it but if
you don't have a suggestion it doesn't
help to say we need to have a
conversation about it um you need a
suggestion so one of the biggest
criticisms about the president now now
that the fog of war is cleared about the
Syria pelant people are saying it's
impulsive the president's impulsive does
that word and you've seen that
everywhere he's impulsive when you see
that the president is being accused of
being impulsive why should you say to
yourself what should be your immediate
reaction to hearing that the critics of
the president are starting to settle in
on saying he's impulsive about some
specific decisions what's that tell you
it tells you it tells you they don't
have anything because impulsivity is a
generic statement and almost never true
Trump has been talking about pulling out
of Syria since he was campaigning it's
literally the thing he's thought the
most about there's probably nothing he's
thought more about how much advice do
you think he's gotten about Syria in the
three years or so that he's been
president and almost present how many
times do you think advisors have given
their opinion about Syria plus the news
plus the pundits this is the least
impulsive decision of all time there
could be no decision I doubt do you
think there's anything the president has
thought about more except maybe the wall
you know border security I don't think
there's anything he's thought about more
so when all the enemies are saying it's
impulsive the first thing you should say
is you don't know that about it another
person we never know how much somebody
thought of something that's not even a
thing hey I saw that you had a sip of
coffee this morning being impulsive
again are you I don't know that I don't
know how you long you plan to be sitting
here this morning
have your simultaneous it how could I
possibly know how much you thought about
something just think about that the
whole notion that a stranger can know
how much the president thought about
something is that not the most
ridiculous thing you've ever heard
you can't know that you know unless he
told you I suppose if he said well it
never occurred to me until today but I
decided to pull out I suppose if he told
you you know maybe that would tell you a
little bit so even then you wouldn't be
sure you'd only know what he told you so
when you start seeing the mind-reading
and this is the category of mind-reading
because to know how much somebody
thought about something is ridiculous
it's just ridiculous in its mind-reading
all right
our to movie situation today is that the
there are two versions of reality on one
on fox news and one on CN about this
whistleblower situation one says that
the whistleblower the original
whistleblower complaint was debunked by
the actual transcript the other says the
transcript says exactly what the
whistleblower said the two completely
different versions of reality one says
that we have a document that says the
president did something awful and you
could read it for yourself the other
says we have a document proving the
president didn't do anything wrong and
in fact his phone call was perfect and
all you have to do is read the document
see it for yourself could there be a
better example of the two movies on one
screen when both of them are saying look
at the same same document it's right
there look at it with your own eyes look
what the whistleblower said comparable
they're either the same or they're
totally different one of those is true
well perhaps neither of them is true
because it might be a subjective world
we're living in more about that later
but it is interesting to me and by the
way I think it kind of boils down to
more of an opinion than in fact
so both of the both sides are reporting
in this fact but really it's sort of an
opinion you could kind of look at it and
say yeah I can kind of see how you would
interpret it that way but I could see
how you'd interpret it the other way let
me tell you what the critics of the
President on his side are getting wrong
so these are the critics of the
president who are Republicans and
conservatives and are trying to support
the President on this whole
whistleblower situation but they're
doing it poorly and I'm not going to
name names but you can you can see them
only because I can't remember some of
the names not done any other reason but
people are saying that sure the
President had a good reason to ask about
the CrowdStrike stuff you know that was
a fair question because I had to do with
legitimacy of the 2016 elections and
it's an ongoing thing and Ukraine is
important to the story so completely
legitimate that he asked about
CrowdStrike but even the supporters of
the president are saying but when he
asked about Biden and having Ukraine
investigate Biden that's not as easy to
defend because that's more clearly just
a political thing about his enemy even
even the president's supporters are
saying that not all of them but some of
them here's where they're wrong asking
about Biden was the highest priority for
the president it was his highest
priority and if that's not obvious to
you I don't know how it's not because
Biden was what it still is he's number
one in the poll to be President of the
United States and he has an obvious on
its face conflict of interest with an
important country that probably is also
a little too close to Russia even though
they don't want to be meaning there
anything that Ukraine knows Russia is
gonna find out right don't you figure
that's true so giving this situation
wasn't that his highest priority to find
out if the at least in the polling the
most likely next president would be
Biden according to the polls and
according to a lot of experts so finding
out if that person is beholden to
Ukraine which would make them very
likely beholden to Russia in other words
if Russia found out whatever blackmail
material or compromising information the
Ukraine had and probably already know it
by now
would we now be in a weakened position
with the President Biden same thing with
China would it be important to the
United States and how high a priority
would it be to to have everybody in the
United States now that Biden might be a
little cozier with China in the past
then the voters would be comfortable
with how important is that for the
public to now and for even the legal
system to look into it it's our top
priority the people who are defending
the the the president on that phone call
are totally screwing the pooch on this I
mean they're not helping him if they're
saying that asking that Biden wasn't the
top priority for the President of the
United States what was because all the
other stuff was kind of you know under
control like yeah yeah the conversations
with their other countries and
negotiations are ongoing there the
economy is looking good pretty much all
the other you know big stuff that
presidents do got a plug in my iPad here
for a second pretty much all the other
big stuff the president does was kind of
limited control but find again if you're
if you're possible or even probable next
president is in the pocket of a foreign
country stop telling me that's a low
priority
stop telling me that the only reason you
could do that is for to win an election
that's not the only reason you do it how
about the reason is it was the most
important thing that the president
should be
finding out if the next presidents in
the pocket of a foreign country how in
the world is that not it's not priority
I just I don't get what his supporters
are doing they're totally screwing the
pooch on this totally all right
Elizabeth Warren makes news not in a
good way
so Elizabeth Warren is getting some
incoming flack for she is she has some
kind of a story in which she was what
long long time ago she was working at a
school as a teacher when she became
visibly pregnant she says the mean old
misogynist principal fired her because
in those days you just fired women for
getting pregnant except that apparently
there's some factual counterfactuals to
this specifically there's some records
that show that she quit and she wasn't
fired at all and that they had a very
high opinion of her and that they would
have definitely hired her back so if you
were to look at this in isolation and
say oh there's a candidate for president
who lied about something on her
biography and pumped it up sort of a
corn pop situation now is that a story a
big deal well probably not you know a
somebody running for president and you
know pumping up the resume making a
story that wasn't quite the way it
happened into something that makes them
sound a little bit of heroic or a little
bit of a victim or or a little bit
understands the voters or something like
that is that a big deal I would say no
in general a little bit of a small a
small inconsistency with your you know
with your story and the facts is not
really too damaging for a politician
because it's so routine we're so used to
it then it kind of just rolls off it's
like yeah okay they exaggerated that a
little bit but here's the trouble
it forms a pattern of of being a fake
victim one when she was saying this she
was a person of color when she said she
was Native American and now the second
story in which she was claiming to be
victimized for being a woman who was
pregnant those are two stories that have
something very troubling in common that
she's a phony
nobody likes a phony why what do even
the critics of President Trump say is
one of his strongest qualifications for
president now this I'm talking about
President Trump's biggest critics what
did they say even his critics say is one
of president Trump's best qualities he's
authentic even though he fails the
fact-checking consistently he does it in
a way that you know is hyperbole you
know you know what his point is and
you're used to it right you're used to
the fact that if 10,000 people come to
his rally he might say 30,000 that
doesn't strike you as inauthentic
because he does it every time and you
know why he's doing it you know the
point in it and you expect him to do it
next time because that's who he is
he tells you he uses hyperbole and then
he uses it right in front of you weirdly
the president has created a brand quite
cleverly I would say too in which he can
fail the fact-checking 10,000 times I
think 11 thousand times now and his
supporters and even his critics will say
well he sure is authentic because he is
authentic he will sit and and I would
expect him to fail the fact-checking
maybe 20,000 times and I'm not going to
care because every time he does it it's
gonna be in the direction that you know
okay he's saying this is bigger than it
is he's saying this is better than this
he's saying he he had more contribution
to the success than he did I get that
that's who he is that's who he says he
is he tells us that indirect language
you know you wrote a book about it you
know the art of the deal he uses
hyperbole and he uses it
for good effect so you've got one
candidate who is probably the most
famous authentic person he swears in his
tweets the the impulsivity that people
accuse him of also comes across as
authenticity even when it's not really
impulsive it's it comes across as okay
that's what he's really thinking the
fact that he tweets directly to the
people with spelling errors does that
make him look like a phony or authentic
it makes him look authentic years from
now historians and experts are going to
look at the president's misspelled
tweets and they're good to say to
themselves you know back then we thought
he should have deleted that tweet and
retweeted it with the correct spelling
back then we thought he should have had
an editor look at every tweet so that
before they go out somebody make sure
the spelling is right but now we realize
that people registered it as just being
a real person real people spell stuff
wrong on Twitter I think I did it
yesterday
pretty sure I think I had a spelling
error yesterday so how do you run the
phoniest candidate we've ever had
somebody who's taken on two separate
identities that just were not even true
against the most the most authentic
candidate we've ever had probably
probably more authentic than will ever
have in his own way you know you know
he's a showman you know he uses
hyperbole but he's always him trump is
never not Trump he never leaves Trump
nice there's never a day when he's less
Trump Elizabeth Warren she could be
whoever you honored to be she could be a
Republican oh yeah
she was she used to be a Republican now
Trump used to be a Democrat but it's not
gonna hurt him at all because you know
you use just more transparent and people
say oh yeah he says he used to be any
change you know he looks like who he is
now but Warren's gonna have a problem
with that witha misty and I think that
makes her electable for a variety of
reasons I'm just an easier it's gonna be
really ugly huh
I think it might be a few more in there
all right just a few more things I
hadn't author come and spend a day with
me
and I guess was over a year ago and
there's an author named as Joel Stein
you probably heard of him he's very well
known a humor writer and he wanted to
include me in his new book so his new
book is called in defense of elitism so
he's he's what you'd call a a classic
anti-trump er and so of his book at
least the part that's about me is sort
of an anti-trump er talking to somebody
who has a different opinion in that case
would be me now one of the things I read
about in my book loser think loser think
which is available now for pre-order
everywhere that you pre-order books
wherever you like and in loser think I
talked about the the Gallo man effect
it's hyphenated gell-mann and gell-mann
was a person who made this observation
you've heard this before that if you
happen to be the subject or or the news
is about something you're an expert on
you can tell how wrong it is because
that happens to be your expertise but if
you are not an expert you couldn't help
so his point is why is it that every
time there's a story where I do know the
truth I can tell that the news is wrong
but then when I read all the other
stories I assume it's the news is right
and I'm probably wrong about that
because I'll bet the people who know
about those topics also think the news
is wrong every time
so there's a fairly lengthy section over
several chapters about me so I got to
read Christina and I spent some time
last night I'm taking turns reading the
chapter about me and we're we're just
laughing about how much of it is wrong
so essentially what he does is he
describes my opinion of one thing or
another and then he says why it's bad
she's crazy except as I've told you
before he never explains my side right
so what he does what he's debunking it
and say how stupid and crazy I am
essentially he's defending his own he's
he's arguing against his own
misinterpretation of what I said and so
he sets me up with all these fake
opinions and a lot of the other facts
are just like totally wrong he says
something about eat right
he got listen listen they're wrong mrs.
he said that I have proposed a 25% tax
on the top one percent for reparations
that's in his book so his book says that
I have proposed a 25 percent extra tax
on the top one percent for reparations
slavery reparations do you think I did
that that's that's best published as a
fact in a book now everybody ariza I
think that's the fact now am I going to
correct it no because I think it's
hilarious it's it's no more or less
accurate than all of the other stuff in
the book almost everything but there
might have been I didn't count but there
might have been something like 25
factual errors just about me something
like 25 of them now let me tell you
where that came from I did write a blog
post some time ago in which I said this
what I said was that for 25 years so the
25 was a reference to years when I was
talking about it he turned it into a
reference to 25 percent so probably he
was working off his old notes
and forgot what I actually said and
turned 25 years into 25 cents so my
proposal was this was more of a thought
experiment because I never imagined it
could be a practical idea but what I
said was that over 25 years so you'd put
an end date on it for 25 years you'd do
a tax on the top 1% I never put a
percentage on it I just said a tax on
the top 1% so that anybody who was
african-american below a certain level
of income could go to college for free
but here's the Cape which was also not
in what Joel said it would also apply to
everybody else who was below that income
that's it so it wouldn't be just for
black people it would be for anybody who
was below a certain income it would be a
tax on the 1% and they get to go to
college for free for 25 years just to
adjust for the fact that some people are
starting from so far behind you'd have
one generation 25 meters in which
everybody would have the same
opportunity for a while
see if it helps you know even things up
and then after 25 years you say ok we're
done with the reparations
we helped poor black people but we help
to poor everybody else at the same time
and that was based on sort of the the
hawk Newsom idea that the best way to
help the black community is to help
everybody else who's in the same
situation it just makes it easier for
everybody and so I was using that now my
my thought experiment was that the top
1% of the ones who always gain the most
from any improvement in the economy and
if you could make a major improvement in
the education of the the poorest people
in the country that the the boost to the
economy would more than make up for for
the top 1% because remember every time
the economy gets better they get richer
and they get richer faster and more than
anybody else gets richer that's always
that always happens so for them it would
be a tax that was wait for it and
investment so they're the only only
people the top 1% for whom a special tax
to help the poorest people get good
education z' would act exactly like an
investment most taxes are not
investments they're just expenses that's
what's special about this if it's just
the top 1% they gain when the economy
goes up and what could it be better for
the economy than 25 years of really
making sure you've educated your best
people the smart people no matter what
their income was so Joel Stein turned
that into I wanted to tax the elite 25%
and then left out all the reasons
imagine imagine what I just described
but without the reasons
what's that was batshit crazy without
the reasons right now imagine that all
the other opinions that he assigned to
me were about that bad here's another
one he mocked me for saying that experts
should not be trusted which I also say
in here with more nuance than he said
while at the same time I go to a doctor
and the doctor key word for example my
voice problems and other problems so he
said that I was being quite silly and
inconsistent those my own words for
decrying experts at the same time that I
use experts so therefore inconsistent
does that sound like me does that sound
like an accurate representation of my
views here's what I actually said when I
talked about my voice problem I said
several doctors I don't have money let's
say half a dozen doctors could not help
me and then on my own I hunted down the
one doctor good and so if you were to
look at experts in general six out of
seven it didn't have anything that
helped me they were all wrong 107 was
right but I didn't know that until
actually you know went through the
operation and it worked and all that I
couldn't be couldn't be sure so what I
say is if you know that six out of seven
experts can routinely be wrong
you know experts were wrong about
the nutrition pyramid you know experts
were talking about the hole in the ozone
that you should not automatically and
here's the keyword automatically to
assume that the consensus of experts is
right that is very different from saying
that the experts are always wrong so
somehow Joel Stein made my very
reasonable statement that there are many
examples in our own experience in which
the majority of experts are wrong they
you should go into every expert
situation saying okay four hundred five
times they could be wrong but I'm going
to check into it there there are
certainly cases where if you find the
right expert and you know you have you
want to follow their advice of course so
all the nuance take it out of my point
about experts and boil down to why do
you think experts are wrong at the same
time you use experts and then he writes
a book about it
now imagine that times I don't know ten
or something for happened for the rest
of the book now here's the point anybody
who's not me who reads that book they're
not gonna know it's all made up nobody's
gonna know that all of my opinions as
represent I think all of them well
pretty much all of them as represented
in the book are not real
nobody's gonna know that those things
become now part of my permanent record
and when I argue with somebody online
from the rest of my life for the rest of
my life if I argue with people online
somebody's gonna say well you said there
should be a tax on the top one percent
of 25 percent explain that cartoon boy
that's why cartoonist should not be
involved with anything though I said the
other thing he mocked me for in the book
was so it was part of the conversation
about next verses and he asked me if I
thought that I was qualified to be
Secretary of State
as an example and I said yes except for
two qualities which actually do you know
make it impossible
one is I don't have the energy to fly
all over the world all the time I just
don't have the energy to do that there's
no way I could live with you know jet
lag all day secondly I have a poor
memory so these are the two things that
I said to Joel that he reported I have a
poor memory and if you're gonna do if
you're gonna be the Secretary of State
you have to remember all these heads of
states and their ambassador and you've
got to memorize their capital in their
cities and you got to know a little bit
about their history etc and so he mocked
me for thinking that except for those
two things I could be such an expert I
could be a Secretary of State to which I
say have you ever looked at all the
other secretaries of state are they
experts is Mike Pompeo an expert on
foreign countries before he was you know
in the CIA and before he did this now
everybody learned their job sort of on
the job
the nature of those jobs is that their
political yeah Hillary was Hillary an
expert in foreign countries was John
Kerry an expert in foreign countries so
without putting if he didn't put that
context in the book that essentially all
new secretaries of state were at least
many of them are not experts they learn
it on the job they have experts who work
for them those experts tell them to lay
of the land for any particular decision
and then they make their decision so it
is you know was I was President Trump an
expert at being president no the most
normal thing in the world is for people
who are not experts to have those jobs
it's the same same thing I said about
1-hundred Biden and you probably didn't
like it when I said about him how
unusual is it for someone who doesn't
know anything about the oil business to
be on the board of directors of an oil
company it's typical that's actually
normal it's completely normal when
people reach a certain level of
executive executives influence that
they're not experts that's actually how
it works that's
most typical way these jobs work and so
Joel Stein mocks me for saying that just
because I'm a smart adult that I could
be Secretary of State but it's not about
me I'm pretty sure anybody who had let's
say a college degree and a master's
degree most people who could get through
a good college you know I went to
Berkeley so that gives me a little bit
of credential right it's hard to get
into Berkeley
I got my MBA there I would say anybody
who's going to a college of at least
that level of that level of filter
meaning that it's hard to get into them
pretty much any of those people could
have done a reasonably good job as
Secretary of State in my opinion so it
wasn't really a question that a
statement about me that I could be
Secretary of State it was more about it
doesn't take that much you don't have to
be born magic you don't have to be a
genius you just have to be an adult
who's seen enough of the world it would
help to be a certain age just to see it
enough but yeah I could be Secretary of
State absolutely I would say that
they're probably quite a few people on
this periscope right now
who if they were look at their own
educational credentials maybe their own
success in life they know how to
communicate you could probably find
quite a few secretaries of states
watching this periscope right now
literally and that's not even an
exaggeration probably quite a few people
who could do that job all right and keep
in mind that a lot of people who do that
job don't do it well yeah Tillerson
didn't last that long
was Tillerson qualified because he was
the he was a CEO of Exxon does that make
you qualified to be Secretary of State I
don't know all right that's all I got
for now and I will talk to you all
tomorrow
make sure the order lose
think if you'd like to support these
periscopes by the way patreon has
largely you know shrunk to nothing so I
used to get funded through patreon and
but patreon D platform so people also
conservatives stop giving money into
patreon so my so patreon is no longer
very relevant I get a little bit from
that and then YouTube D monetize almost
all of the videos now some of them
automatically
they just D monetize them on arrival so
I thought that I could get monetized
through YouTube but I can't they put a
cap on that and that will never be a
significant number no matter how many
subscribers I have so the subscribers
the subscribers keep increasing but the
monetary the ad revenue goes down so the
ad revenues go down every month lately
while the well the number of subscribers
and the watch time goes up it's just
total thanks so that leaves me with
exactly one way that it can be
worthwhile to me to do this now I do it
honestly I would probably still do this
if there was no monetary benefit because
I love it
I actually it's so often the highlight
of my day is doing this I just love this
interaction there's something about the
comments and the fact that it's
interactive the fact that we meet here
every day that does make this kind of
special both ways I don't do it just
because I've got something we have
larger ambition I do it because I really
enjoy it I think he can tell and it
would do me a great favor if you
pre-ordered it because that gives it a
bomb to start and then if it makes it
bestseller list it sells itself so if
you really want to help me out and you
were thinking of buying it later it
would really help me if you preorder it
on Amazon or wherever you do it and that
is all I'm going to say about that and