so there's a big breakthrough in Quantum
Computing some kind of materials
breakthrough with Amino ferine and
graphine and it's a it's going to be a
real big deal for Quantum Computing I I
don't think we have any idea what's
going to happen with Quantum
Computing yeah I've said this before but
I feel like it's the only story that
matters because every other one of our
problems will be folded into whatever
ever happens when we have quantum
computers and
AI
so uh can we make an agreement I I would
like to ask you for something could you
just as a favor to me never mention
sticks his technical setup
again please never never again it's just
different yeah let's just never talk
about it again
all right uh and if we could let the
technical and sound conversation stop
that'd be great because otherwise I'm
just so here's the problem with
it even though you notice that I do a
pretty good job of noticing the comments
as I'm talking about uh the
topics but here's the thing that's not
as obvious to you I can do that when the
topic is about the news so if I'm
talking about the news news and then
you're talking about the news and then
I'm talking about the news I can I can
blend and vend diagram all of that
information but there's a part of my
head that is completely different from
that mode and that's the problem solving
like technical head so the problem is
not that it's a distraction it's a a
specific kind of distraction that uses a
different part of my brain and then the
uh the resources I needed my head
to get from technical problem solving to
talking about the news is such a big
leap that I can't do it in real time but
I can do all of the newsy topics in real
time they don't they don't distract they
actually add more additive does that
make sense it it's a brain processing
thing it's almost like real state in the
brain if you take me to the wrong real
State then I can't I can't use the right
real
estate so that's why I seem um
extra extra prickly about that it's not
that it bothers me it's that I can't do
the job under those
conditions all right
um Mark andreon had this big Manifesto
about everything that's wrong with the
business world and I love the fact that
he says directly that ESG could be one
of the things that's destroying the
world you know it's on his list with
some other stuff uh and he calls it a
mass demoral ization campaign against
progress that has lasted 60
years but he calls out everything trust
and safety and Tech ethics and social
responsibility and ba
basically all these well-intended
things um are basically destroying the
world but I would like to add my own
theory about why Empires rise and fall
this will be the best theory you've ever
heard so you heard P Buchanan's
theory that is war that all the prior
Empires were destroyed by War but well I
I get that I mean it's highly correlated
I've got a slightly different take that
you're going to like better it goes like
this all
Empires are
luck that's it
you have to be lucky to become an empire
in the first place it's not just you
know that you had some good leaders and
you performed well or you had a good
system right it's luck and the one thing
you can guarantee about luck is that it
doesn't
last that's it that's the whole that's
the whole description of Empires for
example it was lucky that the United
States was geographically um protected
from World War II nobody planned it
right people didn't move here because
they said oh in case there's a World War
II it was just luck yet I also consider
it luck that our Founders were alive and
in America at the same time I mean what
were the odds that Ben Franklin Thomas
Jefferson George Washington Monroe
Hamilton what of the odds they would all
be alive at the same time and have the
same the same
purpose what are the odds that Steve
Jobs would meet
wnc what were the odds if you don't put
them to those two together there's no
Apple computer there's no smartphone
maybe who knows so so my take on America
and all the other Empires is that
something weirdly rare had to happen for
any Empire to form in the first place
but that that level of lock that it
takes to stay in power can't be
sustained just nobody can be that lucky
for a thousand years now once you are
successful you can do what any Monopoly
does you can put up walls so you can
last way longer than you should because
you can put up you know ways to protect
yourself but in the long run it's still
luck maybe there's a climate change
thing maybe there's a you know
somebody's nuclear bomb goes off by
accident um there's a pandemic that one
one person mismanaged but another one
didn't I think it's just that it's just
luck so that would suggest that every
Empire goes away
eventually there's a
uh uh but I wouldn't worry about ours
right away
think oh that is so weird that your
comment said something the Warren
Commission that was something I was
going to talk about
today Warren
Commission I'll talk about that right
now actually so I I started watching uh
uh Oliver Stone's update to his original
movie JFK about the
assassination so there's there were more
documents are Declassified Etc so he's
got an updated version of it and what I
always say about documentaries is that
they're 100% persuasive usually they're
100% persuasive as long as you don't see
the counter
argument so I'm aware while I'm watching
it I've only watched the first episode
but I was completely aware of two things
number one it was completely persuasive
of its point of view that Kennedy was
basically assassinated by the CIA and
the mafia now does that mean it's true I
don't know because I'd have to hear some
kind of CounterPoint to really have an
opinion but it's completely convincing
and let me tell you the most convincing
part and this part does not require any
speculation this is a real thing that I
found out yesterday I did not know this
till
yesterday do you know who so there was
this thing called the warrant commission
the government put together in order to
find out for sure who killed Kennedy you
know was it a lone gunman was it a
conspiracy Etc well they came up with
the answer there was a lone gunman no
conspiracy now the thing I didn't know
is that the chairperson of the Warren
Commission was the only person who
didn't have a regular job so he was the
most active because he didn't have a day
job to go to he was the recently
fired uh head of the CIA
Dallas right now you say to yourself
well that's probably a pretty good
person right because it's somebody who's
really connected a high level executive
type wouldn't know all the players yeah
Ellen Ellen delis here's a thing that I
did not know about until
today the chairman of the group who are
trying to find out for sure who killed
Kennedy and just listen to this
carefully it's all you need to know the
chairperson of the group that was by by
far had the most power on the warrant
commission was
also the major suspect in the actual
assassination so the the main
suspect was the person who was put in
charge of the commission to find out who
the murderer
was that's a real
thing I didn't know that till
yesterday that's a real thing
there's no there's no question about
what happened of course the CIA killed
him there's no way that you put the main
suspect in charge of the
investigation
unless unless it's exactly what it looks
like it's exactly what it looked like do
you need to hear anything else is there
anything else you need to hear about
this the main suspect who had been fired
by Kennedy do you know why he'd been
fired as the head of the
CIA so first of all he was a disgruntled
employee so that's a reason to kill
somebody second of all he was a CI head
of the CIA so he had all the ability to
set up some kind of a fake assassination
if he wanted
to and then but more importantly I
learned that Kennedy found out that the
CIA was running its own foreign policy
and even the president wasn't aware of
it and they didn't care about the
president they thought they were in
charge did you know that did you know
that even Kennedy and it's on record
said that he didn't think he had any
control of the CA and didn't know what
they were doing and there were well
documented cases where they were
overthrowing governments and murdering
people without the president having
ordered it they were running their own
government you think that's bad enough
no we're not done yet Jay Edgar Hoover
who ran the
FBI same problem the FBI was not doing
what the president wanted the FBI was
its own domain and uh it was just doing
its own thing so Kennedy had an FBI that
reported to him on paper but didn't and
a CIA that reported to him on paper but
didn't
so it's exactly what it looked like the
people who were really in power didn't
like that there was this guy who was
called president and so they killed him
and covered it
up yeah amazing so uh Earl Warren yeah
it was Earl
Warren so you know I don't have any
question about what happened I don't
have any question about what went down
to me that's confirmed
for confirmation or
something yeah all right well so that uh
begs a interesting question what happens
if uh RFK
Jr had it his way and he could dig into
all the cia's business and suppose he
were in charge of the
CIA that would be
interesting uh but there's a new pole
Harvard uh and Harris poll so I guess
it's a respected poll and they did a
poll of presidential preferences as we
stand now and if it were just Trump and
Biden Trump would win by he's up four
four points now remember these are
National so that doesn't mean you would
win in all the right districts to win
the electoral vote but it does give you
kind of a general feeling of the
attitude of the country but if you throw
into the mix uh
Kennedy um Trump's lead increases es by
50% he goes from up four to up
six
now can
we can we conclude that Kennedy takes
votes away from Biden more than he takes
votes from
Trump I think so so this is the first
confirmation
and uh this is what I thought would
happen I I thought he would take more
from Biden but um if you throw in uh
West so that there are two third party
people running Kennedy and West Trump's
lead goes up to
seven every time you throw in a third
party uh Trump's base tends to be sticky
and other candidates are a little less
sticky so they lose support whenever
there's another person there ornell West
yes
um if Trump ran against against Harris
instead he would be up by
seven and if he and if Biden ran against
Nikki Haley Biden would win by
four I don't know how Trump can survive
I mean I feel like they're GNA have to I
hate to say
it but I don't short of
him you know being the victim of
something horrible how did they keep him
out of office
and can they allow him to get back in
office knowing that he's going to rip
the lid off of everything or at least he
try I don't
know I'm real worried about his health I
gotta be
honest well here's some fake news based
on real news um China has moved multiple
warships into the Middle
East so they're China's big boats are
over there with America's Strike Force I
guess we've got two carrier strike
groups over there but it sounded on
first report it sounded like this was to
counter the American power on second
look it looks like it was just a planned
um they had some planned Maritime
Naval practice what do you call
it what do you call it when the military
practices what's that called exercise
yes so they had some ex it might be just
that um but the United
States does it seem to you like Biden is
stealthily preparing for war that would
involve America when now was saying hey
we're getting ready for
War I feel like there's something
missing in the process as in some
honesty as in if this happens American
boots will be on the ground
I don't like just sort of being over
there and being
ready and then America not being told at
the same time that we don't have a
speaker of the
house I don't like anything about
this I I think it probably makes sense
from a commander-in-chief perspective
you got to put your military where it
might make a difference it definitely
might make a difference at least me
mentally the psychology of the situation
is certainly different because or
military
there
but um I do worry that we're preparing
for
war without the permission of Congress
and without the full knowledge of the
citizens that's what it feels like well
let's talk about why Israel has not
attacked yet in terms of their ground
attack um one theory is that Biden is
restraining them
in other words Biden said don't go in
and kill a bunch of uh innocent people
while trying to get the bad
guys so that's possible so that that's
certainly a force that's working on them
it's not the only Force that's happening
uh anat told lubarski added uh that it
probably takes three weeks after
mobilization to actually be ready to
launch now that that matches my point of
view that it just takes longer than they
have they've had so far to just get
ready because they don't want to be
partly
ready right now here's a really ugly
thought the ground Invasion or not or
how it goes or how it doesn't
go is largely an economic
decision isn't that ugly it's an
economic decision and the reason is
because it would be really expensive to
surround
Gaza and just wait waiting is very
expensive I mean war is expensive too
but if they're going to have the war
anyway you don't want to have the war
plus the expense of The
Siege that's a lot of expense so there's
I hate to say it but there's an economic
Force which is they they can't wait
forever it would just be too expensive
you can't turn it into a permanent
outdoor jail and and just do a better
job of security I think that's the comic
Dave Smith approach just to better
security and not just but that being a
big part of it
um so the the timing of it is going to
be based on economics probably which is
the
creepiest most disgusting thought you
could ever have in your life but it's
also the real world right money is an
asset of the military you don't have
money you don't have an army so it's
always money it's just just that there
are bullets flying at the same
time all
right
um apparently uh Israel has created a
special unit to hunt and kill every
participant in the Hamas terror attack
how would they know
exactly I guess somehow they might be
able to capture a list of who was
involved so I don't even know how they
would know who to go after but that's
very Israel I think the psychology of
that is great
the the psychology of it is to tell the
citizens no matter how long it takes
because they've done this before you
know no matter how long it takes we will
get every one of them and I think they
mean it and I think they will take as
long as it
takes so uh Joel Pollock is over there
now reporting and uh I can't stop
thinking about how terrible that would
be to be over there to to actually just
put yourself in the most stressful
country in the world right now where
apparently the entire country is just in
war mode and everybody's mind is focused
on this as it should be H and I can't
even imagine it just seeing the evidence
of the devastation and uh having to just
put your head in that situation it
definitely makes me feel has anybody had
this feeling this
week that I'd have moments where I'm
just petting my dog and you know
completely relaxed and then I would
think about how bad it is you know in
the Middle East and other places and I'd
feel kind of
guilty and I was also feeling like maybe
it won't last you know I I feel like my
peace is not going to last it feels like
all of this is coming for us I just
don't know when that's what it feels
like uh but we can be smart and and uh
maybe maybe push it back well V
ramaswami is uh very outspoken in a good
way I think he's adding lots of good uh
context and comparisons and giving us
stuff to think about about Gaza and he's
very opposed to combining the funding
package into one big let's go to war
package and I'm opposed to that too on
on system and process grounds that's
different from being opposed to the
funding of each that's a separate
question I'm against putting them
together we absolutely have to vote on
war individually you know what you don't
want to vote on oh how about war but
plus the farm package no sorry get the
farm pack well that's not a real thing
I'm making that up get the farm package
out of there how about war or War plus
climate change nope
nope War has got to be by itself there's
no wiggle R there and indeed I don't
ever want I don't ever want a speaker of
the house if such speaker of the house
is going to put War packages together or
war with anything
else it's got to be War by itself some
of the other stuff you know the the
other uh pork and stuff I can kind of
see why maybe there's some advantages
and disadvantages of combining them
sometimes but you don't bundle
War bundling War together is just a big
old you to the citizens of the
United States that is
disrespectful that's not even politics
that is just
pure
disrespectful and I don't think I've
seen anything like this in politics
before where where it's not really an
opinion or a preference
this is just pure disrespect for the
citizens and the voters that's all I
feel like I feel it's a bad problem and
needs to be solved but my visceral
feeling is my God you have no respect
for the citizens whatsoever to to even
imagine that you would combine these two
things just to shove it down our
throats yeah unacceptable so uh uh I'm
100% behind V on the don't put funding
into one package the other thing he says
and again this is a great addition to
the to the debate one of the things that
V is so valuable for win or lose is that
he broadens and improves the debate
wherever he goes even if you disagree
with him he has very clear points about
it defends his points and even extends
the argument into places where it hasn't
been extended but needs to to be it's so
positive but one of the things he says
is
that he he wouldn't be in favor of I
think funding unless the unless Israel
has a plan for what happens to the
Palestinians after the ground defensive
do you agree with that or not you say to
yourself well screw them it's not
Israel's problem why should they have a
plan now remember the plan doesn't mean
Israel will fix everything doesn't have
to be but it could be a plan for how
Palestinians Will Survive the plan could
include uh we're going to we're going to
build a let's say multi-g
government Coalition of Arab countries
to manage and help the
Palestinians something like that right
so it doesn't have to be on Israel's
dime if you tell me Israel shouldn't
spend a penny to help even the innocent
suffering Palestinians I would say H I
can see that in a normal situation you'd
say Humanity has to win over politics
and all that other stuff but in this
specific
situation uh I think Israel has a right
to walk away and just say you know what
there are a lot of Muslims in the world
if you can't take care of each other
don't ask my religion to do it because
that that's basically what's happening
people are saying hey our religion is
failing can your religion come over here
and take care of us and how about
no and I'm not sure that that's cruel
given that there are many wealthy Arab
Islamic countes surrounding the area
with a deep interest in the well-being
of these
people let them take all of it I think
that's what I do so um I like V's
addition that there should be a plan but
I would disagree that that plan should
be uh increasing ing the taxes on
Israelis you know I I don't think
Israelis should be taxed to take care of
the Palestinians that's too
far under the current circumstance
before maybe it was more of a
conversation before but now nope I I
would say complete divorce and make it
permanent that would be my take on that
uh and I definitely wouldn't open the
border to let anybody come in and work
ever again wouldn't do that just because
of the
risk
um let's see let's also talk about
what's going to happen next let's use I
like to use what I call the
movie um script prediction method I've
talked about this many times it's the
idea that reality follows movies and
movies have this threea scenario and the
key Act is the third act where the
heroes have an unsolvable problem that's
where we are Israel has an unsolvable
problem from a movie script perspective
that is to say if they if they don't go
in with a ground attack that would be
like losing because it would just leave
Hamas intact they would reconstitute
someday they come back and attack so
they can't do nothing they don't they
don't have an option of not doing a
ground attack
but if they do the ground attack it's
guaranteed to have uh you know
unacceptable uh losses on
civilians and you can guarantee that
those unacceptable losses will be
magnified forever to become a a stain on
Israel's reputation that will hurt them
in different ways as much as if they did
you know did or didn't do the ground
assault so they have two ways to go and
they're both losing directions don't do
a ground assault you definitely lose do
a ground assault there definitely be too
many civilian deaths and you lose so
they only have two choices and they're
both guaranteed
loss do you agree so far that's what the
third act looks like no matter what you
do it's all bad you don't have a you
don't have any path to Victory so how
does a movie get resolved when the third
act presents an impossibility to the
hero well it's always the same
way some clever solution that was not
obvious to the viewers of the movie
that's what makes it fun to watch but in
the real world that's also what happens
it's going to be a third option and
here's what I predict I predict the
third
option the third option is that Israel
shows the world the most clever way to
handle this
situation like so clever it becomes a
standard for this kind of Warfare for
the rest of time here's what I don't
think they're going to do knock on doors
and get you know get IED and booby
trapped and take huge losses I don't
think that's going to
happen here's what I think I think that
they're uh getting Super Active the
Israelis and allies and figuring out
Technical
Solutions to Hamas and that would
include i' some people have suggested
ideas one would turn um would be to
filter the good people out of the Hamas
controlled areas which is happening I
call it the filter fence the filter
fence is where you you let all the good
people out so that all that's left is
the people want to be there for whatever
reason and then you just turn it into a
prison now if you make the area small
enough if you can chew away at the edges
then it's easier to control the entire
perimeter of let's say a little piece of
Northern Gaza you know way way easier
than trying to control the entire
perimeter now there's still tunneling
and you know paragliding and there ways
they can get down but if you are super
serious about putting a let's say a
drone permanent drone Army in the air
over it you could probably turn it into
a technological prism where if anybody
gets out drone is activated and hunts
them down and and just kills them where
they where they're
running you could
probably come up with some Technical
Solutions for identifying
tunnels that we've not seen before uh
you want to hear the most low Tech idea
I ever
had you take a
Roomba one of those little uh vacuum
cleaner robots and you put it in if you
find one of the tunnel openings it
wouldn't be hard to find one you just
put the room in
there and you let it you let it map the
entire inside of the uh the tunnels
now you'd have to have some way to get
the signal out before they destroyed it
so you put the Roomba in and it just
goes Roomba Roomba and it figures out
where the walls are it kind of maps the
place you know until the first terrorist
sees it and then blows it up but then
you uh you know send something down to
kill that terrorist and then send it in
another
Roomba you just destroy them with
roombas you know little little robots
with bombs on them
um so the problem with using
robotics or drones is that you will lose
your
signal right if you send in a little
drone like a little flying drone into a
tunnel eventually it would lose signal
but there are new technologies and in
fact I just talked about one yesterday
uh in which you can put
AI onto to the device with the small
little chip which they have an alpha
version of it right now that would make
AI related decisions on its own once it
lost
signal so we're pretty close to you know
Skylink kind of thing because the
intelligence to make their own decisions
is going into
drones and it's happening now like
that's current technology is putting an
entire AI on to a chip putting it in the
robot and then the robot goes off and
makes its own decisions from that point
on that's real that's current
technology
so could it be that some of the robots
that would normally be used clear on the
tunnel normally you would use it
remotely with some remote control but
maybe they send some uh independent ones
down there and maybe they send as many
as you
need you know just keep sending them
just keep making them in s of them and
you know they'd get destroyed but before
they did you know maybe some would get
back maybe some would find out how to
send a signal something like that so
You' end up mapping and killing
everything in the tunnels without ever
going down in a tunnel if you had enough
robots and AI the other possibility is
just
gas um I believe I saw the Bro the son
of the leader of Hamas who is pro-israel
and anti Hamas weirdly so he was
actually saying you're probably going to
need to use
gas to which I said huh what kind of gas
and I thought could be all kinds
somebody suggested uh
skunk why not why not put a smell down
there that's so bad that you just
couldn't couldn't exist without a gas
mask yeah we could drop uh uh Eric swell
down there just dangle him on a
rope let him do the
rest um
or other possibilities are sleeping gas
Etc but uh the one that I like to uh
suggest is they should be running out of
that captagon drug pretty
soon if you wait long enough so that's
the one that makes them you know stay up
all night and want to fight and do
horrible
things uh as I've said before they
Israel should already be making fake
versions of
captagon so that you know four out of
five are either normal captagon or
they're a little underpowered and the
fifth one's just an overdose waiting to
happen you know the fifth one's actually
designed to kill you but it's mixed in
with the ones that aren't so you want to
get rid of all of their legal forms so
that their only choices are uh Russian
roulette with the next pill
because I'm guessing that they're
addicted what do you think you think the
captagon has already made them addicted
like if they run out there's nothing
that they're going to do not to get some
more so if you could give them deadly
Capon at the same time they run out and
they're addicted they're going to start
popping the stuff that kills one out of
five
people right because they're like well
four and a five chance that's not
bad
yeah um the
ADL uh is embarrassing itself in the in
the midst of this Hamas
situation they put on a statement saying
white supremacist is still big
problem not not really reading the room
right what what are the white
supremacist done
lately can you think of anything the
white supremacists have done well I can
think of something let's see if you can
think of something else here's something
the white supremacists have done
recently backed
Israel that's that's all I need to say
about
that all right um and not yeah because I
don't think that they're crazy about
Hamas is what I
think uh well uh my old Nemesis
Chen who some say is a Chinese operative
but Chen says no uh he's just a guy on
on the xplatform saying stuff um but
he's talking about the British
Broadcasting Company which some call the
BBC uh he points out that it said that
uh 1400 Israelis were quote massacred
but 4,000 Palestinians were quote killed
and Chen points out it's extreme bias in
choosing the words is
staggering well
okay it does matter the intention
doesn't
it the Hamas were intending to slaughter
and you know disembowel people that was
literally what they were planning to do
and then they did it the Israelis were
trying to protect themselves and trying
to avoid civilian deaths if they could
not really the same Chen but uh I only
point it out not because he makes a good
point or not even a bad point it's just
sort of a stupid point
but uh is sort of
anti-israel and he's a I believe he's an
approved Chinese voice in their foreign
influence campaign so that would mean
that he's
uh sort of a suggestive of what Chinese
leadership would also
say so they seem to be taking
sides um have you seen the story that's
partially f F news about uh Biden paying
cash for his Beach House the one he uses
now so at some point back in 2017 I
guess he paid uh
2.75 million in cash for his re reoboth
beach
home he paid cash who pays cash for a
house some people um
but it's suggested by the people who are
you know chasing his bad behavior that
this is a uh a symbol of the sort of
thing he's doing with or was doing with
his ill gotten criminal gains from
selling his influence or something like
that but to me it just looks like a
 story you know
why so remember the the propaganda isn't
only coming from the left so this this
was pure propaganda I saw on the right
right so the story starts out saying
blah blah uh Biden crime family so
you're all primed to think this is a
criminal thing and then they tell you
you paid cash for a $2.75 million home
and you're thinking whoa on a on a
senator's salary or a vice president's
salary can you do that and then at the
end of the
article it says that um it was about the
same time he got $1 million in royalties
for his
book um isn't that the whole
story he made a lot of money on a book
and then he bought a beach
house like the the fact that the the
anti-biden people tied together what
looks like a public and completely
understanding source of money but put
that at the end of the
article here's how that article should
have been I forget who wrote it but it
doesn't matter the article should have
said at about the same time he was
making millions of dollars on his book
he bought a beach
house that's it that should have been
the whole story why did we have to why
do why do we assume that this money came
from some other source when he got paid
11
million so the fact that that it was
worded all of his bad behavior first oh
bad behavior bad behavior but he also he
also bought a beach house for cash so
the bad behavior and the cash he paid
for the beach house that must be the
same story right that's what the
Democrats do to you that's what the
Democrats
do you know if you see a story like that
from your own side you know let's say
you lean right and it's a right leading
entity that writes it that's just
 right now I'm not
defending Joe Biden I'm saying you're
going to need to do better than that if
you're proving he made a whole bunch of
legal money that's well
disclosed and then he spent some of it
that should be the whole
story separately maybe he did some you
know scabby things but that's separate I
wouldn't put those
together so the propaganda is not coming
from Just One Direction just be aware of
that um is writing a book a good way to
make a million well let me explain uh
book
publishing number one it could be a way
to launder funds in other words if he
got an unusually high advance for his
book you know way more than they
expected to sell the books that would be
that would be
suggestive that maybe there's a
publisher who wanted a favor from
somebody in the government so they were
willing to overpay a little bit you know
maybe there's a billionaire involved
with the publisher who is willing to
subsidize a little bit of their
overpayment so there are million ways
that you could do some sketchy things
that launder money by overpaying for a
book and that's probably what happened
given the players involved and the fact
that they sell influence for a living
you know legally perhaps I don't know
that Jo that Joe or Hunter did anything
illegal but it's obvious they were
selling influence that part seems well
established by everybody basically so be
careful of that
um
yeah having said
that there's something sketchy happening
with the uh Biden family we just don't
know exactly
what um oh let me finish one other point
about book um advances if you say to
yourself Scott the likely number of
total sales of a Biden
book could never justify an $1 million
or whatever the advance was we don't
know what the advanced was uh could
never never justify that much of a
payment here's what you need to know
about
Publishers for the bigname books and he
would be a bigname book they don't often
they don't always try to make money did
you know
that sometimes they they will overpay
for a bigname author so that they can
tell the next author well we have this
author I mean we just did the big Biden
book so you should work with us it's
almost marketing so a big publishing
house will overpay a big name uh and how
do I know this this happened to
me when when Dilbert was a huge
well-respected
hit uh I I negotiated a big book deal uh
after I'd written the de principal and
it was a number one book but when they
when they offered the advance for it was
like a five book deal even I could tell
they were overpaying I mean it was
obvious to me that I would never sell
that many books uh but the advance was
so good that of course I said yes it was
their it was their risk to take so I
took their money they took the risk and
do you think that they sold enough books
to justify the
advance probably not probably one or two
of the books yes but probably the entire
five book
catalog probably not but they said
directly at one point that they like to
have you know big names in their stable
and as long as I came you know close to
break even then it was a marketing thing
and they
went so I heard that directly so yes
Biden might have been
overpaid uh because there was something
sketchy going on but he could have been
overpaid just because that's exactly how
Publishers operate they overpay for the
big name
books all right how in cost have doubled
since 2019
what uh at least the affordability of a
new home has
doubled uh wait no your dollar goes half
as far as it did at the end of 2020 Yeah
so basically same same
story uh wow
wow all right here's a little story that
uh I have to
wonder about you'll probably wonder the
same thing so Trump has a new video out
campaign
video um in which is shows people being
brainwashed by Hillary and uses and even
Trump did a truth post on it in which he
said
brainwashed so they're using the word
brainwashed and they're using the video
of Hillary saying that she wants to
deprogram Trump
supporters so Trump is going directly at
the brainwashing
propaganda part of the Democrat
engine which is pretty
interesting yeah I don't know that
anybody's going after that directly
before have they but it's exactly what's
happening it's a brainwashing
operation and if he can if he can
convince anybody that it is that's an
interesting line of attack and the
beauty of it is you don't have to argue
about policy if you're arguing about
whether there's a brainwashing operation
because the brainwashing operation you
can simply point to it it's like well
here's another example and and it also
creates a confirmation bias trap have
you ever seen him do that before it's
classic Trump whe when he nicknamed uh
Hillary Clinton as crooked Hillary it
was because he knew for sure that during
the campaign there would be new things
to come out allegations that you would
say to yourself huh that sounds like
Hillary did something crooked oh of
course she's crooked Hillary makes
perfect sense and then your brain stores
all of her crooked Deeds under his
framing crooked Hillary so he's
literally changing the real estate in
your brain with these nicknames that
make all the information seemed like
confirmation but it could be
confirmation bias right so now when he
calls down
brainwashing every time you see
something that looks like it's in that
domain you're going to say instead of
that's a lie which you would have said
otherwise you can say oh that's what
Trump's talking about there's that
brainwashing so he's created another
little uh little rental property in your
head and he calls it brainwashing now
every time you see something that you
would have interpreted as just a lie or
just politics or something like that
you're going to say to yourself hey are
they trying to brainwash me who are they
trying to
brainwash
so this is probably
brilliant probably brilliant the
gaslighting thing never worked because
everybody's gaslighting everybody and
nobody knows what the word means exactly
but everybody knows what brainwashing
means
yeah everybody knows what brainwash is
so that's the perfect Trump frame a word
we all know that's a confirmation trap
for the future he's so good at
this um I have a way to spot the
brainwashed which uh annoys me because I
think that I've used it
myself so I'm going to tell you how to
spot brainwashing people but you don't
need to tell me but Scott I feel like
I've seen you do that to which I say I
have done that was I
brainwashed if you're not at least
asking yourself that question you're
brainwashed let me say that as clearly
as possible if you're not continuously
asking yourself is somebody brainwashing
me right now you know when you're
looking at political stuff you're being
brainwashed the only defense is if
you're asking yourself every single time
something happens which I do that
doesn't it's not a complete protection
you know smart people well-informed
people could be brainwashed but it's at
least a little bit of something it's not
nothing so I'm asking myself this about
this but here's the tell saw this today
on the xplatform a user named James
English so he was in a back and forth
debate with some folks about what is
true or not true
about something Trump related but he
ends he ends with this uh responding to
someone else not to me he goes no it
means I follow facts you follow beliefs
you should seek help there it is you
should seek help it truly is a sickness
or maybe you are a child because only
children follow beliefs adults follow
facts now that's that's a brainwashed
person right so let me break it down so
here's somebody who believes that the
person they're talking
to is the only person in politics who
doesn't think facts
matter and that they're just operating
on belief as just as one person and you
know not not just one but uh and that
that's the only problem here is that one
of them doesn't believe in facts and
they're following beliefs now that's the
most universal thing that everybody
thinks about
everybody but here's the here's the one
that's really the tell you should see
seek help once a person believes that
the other person's point of view is so
crazy that they completely give up on
debating
it there are one or two
possibilities they're talking to
somebody who actually is just crazy and
they're you know in their own little
world or the person who's talking is the
one who's brainwashed and and when
presented with a good argument or new
facts that counter their opinion they
immediately go to the Badness of the
person so here's the
tell if they start with facts but end up
with seek help you don't believe
facts they're they're probably
brainwashed but it
doesn't it doesn't eliminate the
possibility that the person they're
talking about is brainwashed so it's a
little
tricky but certainly if somebody has uh
if you've retreated from let me say this
in a more pris Bo if you've completely
retreated from the
idea of arguing about the facts and now
you've you've gone to there's something
wrong with you you're just
broken uh one of you is brainwashed or
both that's what's happening
there yeah but like I say since I've
been I've been the one to tell people to
seek help because in my mind it did look
like they just had a mental problem some
kind of TDS
yes uh so it makes me wonder huh wonder
if I'm brainwashed when I say that just
something to think
about all right ladies and
gentlemen
um all right I got some questions I
could answer I think we've done what we
need to do today it's time for brunch
exactly you should all go off and have
an amazing Sunday
today um and uh enjoy uh enjoy all the
good
times if you have them because it's a
precarious world I do think the United
States will be
fine uh certainly in your
lifetime but uh we got a lot of stuff to
take care
of have to fix a lot of stuff so let's
go fix a lot of stuff and uh we'll be
fine and I think Israel is going to be
clever so remember my prediction it
won't be a standard ground defensive and
it won't be no ground defensive it will
be the
most
Innovative ground defensive you've ever
seen there will be things you've never
seen
before so look for that and I will talk
to
you maybe in the man cave good night bye
for
now