pom pom pom pom pom pom pom pom pom pom
hey Peter hey everybody come on in I am
coming to you today from my man cave at
Dilbert central and I'm going to share
with you Oh a thousand people do you
have your beverage I'm doing afternoon
coffee but some of you I know might be a
little too late for coffee but join me
anyway and the simultaneous up so if
you've been following me for a while and
especially if you have read win big lis
you know that I make a provocative claim
that reality is somewhat subjective and
we all have our own filters or our own
movies going on in our heads and that
the only way you can tell which is the
good version in other words the movie
that you should consider the real
reality versus other people who are
maybe hallucinating in a different way
is whether or not your filter on reality
does two things does it make you happy
and does it do a good job of predicting
so I've made a number of notable
predictions in the past to make the case
that if you learn persuasion and you
start seeing the world as irrational
people being persuaded as opposed to a
filter in which you see people as you
know rational players who look at facts
and make decisions you'll be very
unhappy and you'll be very bad at
predicting the future if you imagine
people are smart and that they make
rational decisions so compare my model
where everybody's irrational but
persuasion is the main variable in the
world in terms of human decision-making
so I'm going to talk about the Middle
East and I'm going to put the persuasion
filter on it
and I want to make the case that there's
something very special happening that
might be an opening for something really
good not for not very long from now and
I'll go through this using persuasion as
the main theme so that you can see it
through that filter and I'll make a few
confessions right off the bat number one
I don't know much about the Middle East
so I may have you know spelled things
wrong I may be leaving out important
countries I may have I may forget which
religion somebody's got so bear with me
here this is a work in progress it's a
field I don't know anything about but
I'm still gonna put the persuasion
filter on and then make a quasi
prediction it's a little less than a
prediction but maybe it's a sign of
optimism and it goes like this I'm gonna
I'm going to show you the the main
architecture that's happening right now
and I left out a number of countries
just because they're not relevant to the
story I'm going to tell so it's not like
Jordan and Turkey are not important but
for this story they don't have much of a
plus or minus in terms of how they're
going to influence things so let me go
through this and show you how the
elements of this complicated Middle East
architecture are by complete coincidence
just starting to click into place to
create an opportunity that maybe has
never been there before so let me go
through the argument and then once
you've seen it all don't dwell too much
on any part of it what is it look at the
big picture right we've got this weird
situation where this Josh shogi guy was
murdered in the apparently murdered in
the Turkish embassy and this has put a
great deal of pressure on Saudi Arabia
because they're being accused of doing
this brutal murder that's very
inappropriate now what's important is
that they have this new Crown Prince
Prince Salman right and he's a young guy
he's
very bold he's a you know he's willing
to do things that other people wouldn't
have done frankly so you've got first of
all an opportunity and that he's a
personality who wants to do stuff right
he's obviously an active ruler he wants
to change he wants to reform he wants to
fix you don't want Saudi Arabia to be
important and then this scandal happens
and he gets you know pressure from the
United States pressure from the rest of
the world and now he kind of needs to do
something big to secure his safety as
and credibility as the head of the
country so he might be able to hold on
to power no matter what but I have a
feeling with Saudi Arabia is not a
dictatorship like some places are but
rather more like a corporation where the
family is a de facto Board of Directors
and they select a member of the family
he was selected I have a feeling that he
really needs the support within his own
country to really remain the leader so
there's a lot of pressure on this young
guy who has apparently a lot of boldness
and he's willing to be a reformer
willing to go where other people would
not go so I'm just gonna call that
flexible he's currently flexible in a
way that maybe we haven't seen before
all right
Saudi Arabia is in a sort of a proxy war
with Iran they're backing different
sides in this Yemen war the United
States has recently decided to stop
refueling or helping with the refueling
so we're putting pressure on Saudi
Arabia to you know get something taken
care of so it looks like Yemen because
you know Iran is getting blood dry now
here's the important thing Iran is
getting poorer and probably at a rate
they have never seen before now keep in
mind that the direction of things is
very important because if you're a ran
and the direction that you can see
forever is just things getting worse
and they prep that's probably what they
see right now if things stay the same
for Iran it's just gonna get worse
forever so they have sort of a time
constraint they need to do something
they need to fix something they need to
change something pretty soon so it's the
soon that's the important part so I
think that Iran has enough reasons to
get out of this war Saudi Arabia has
enough reasons with our pressure on them
nobody really wants to be in a war
anyway so there may be a chance and this
would be the key to the whole puzzle for
these guys to stop being on the other
side in Yemen now the blue lines here
are sort of the political lines of
influence and then the USA you know is
putting pressure on Iran economically so
recently we saw the Egypt was just
helpful in trying to broker a deal
between Hamas and Israel so here's
another key part the Egypt is a helpful
player that Hamas is sort of in the
position where they they need something
to go right so if something could be
presented that made it look like a win
they're probably ready right because
things aren't getting better for them
things are not getting better for Iran
their sponsor it's got to be tough to be
a mosque at the same time the Israel is
just getting stronger on every dimension
so if Israel is getting stronger every
day with really no end in sight and Iran
is getting weaker every day with no end
in sight that speaks to both of them you
know being ready for something to happen
so so you've got productive people in
between tube entities that have a reason
to work things out if only they could
figure out how it's always that how do
you figure out how part that's the hard
part then of course you've got Russia
that you can count on to follow their
self-interest which is good because
probably following their self-interest
means that they're not being taught
maduk if there's a deal to be had they
might say yes if it's good for them and
why wouldn't it be
alright and then you've got this weird
situation of a president Trump who's a
deal maker who could probably go to
places other people can't go
you could probably threaten people more
than people have been threatened you
probably surprise people in ways they
haven't been surprised he can shake the
box and ways that has never been shaken
so I want you to imagine the following
leaders in the same room just get a
mental picture of this right just just
for kicks imagine them in the same room
president Trump right get that picture
you had Putin Netanyahu all right so now
it's Trump Putin and Netanyahu just
picture him and then Prince Salman put
them all the room and now imagine them
together could those four people work
together yeah they could right just
think of their personalities that's four
people who could make a deal and have an
interest in making a deal they all have
a great interest in making sure that
it's a stable region so we've never had
four personalities like that that all
are all capable of making a deal they're
all flexible they're all fairly
pragmatic they're they're more visionary
than people before in lots of different
ways so probably you have the right
players for the first time you have this
external weird situation that causes
more flexibility than normal
you've got Iran that really needs to
make something happen because it's only
going in the wrong direction forever and
they must know that at some point and
you've got Israel getting stronger which
means that the sooner these guys settle
the sooner they can at least make their
own lives better
because nothing's going to happen to
Israel it's just getting stronger and
you've got age up to being helpful I'm
sure
you know Jordan would be helpful Turkey
would probably play some role there are
other countries of money etc now anybody
who predicts it's going to be a Middle
East peace in three months
that would be a foolish prediction
because it would be the one place that's
hardest to imagine there could ever be
peace but I'll make this one observation
it's possible that we've never been
closer this might be as close as you can
get to an ideal setup where where you
can get something done
now here's another concept that a
president Trump would understand that
not everybody would and it's something
I've said before it's a concept of
negotiating if you're negotiating a
small deal between two entities and you
you can't get the deal done there's just
no way to make a deal that you can see
sometimes it helps to add in new
variables so you might be talking I'll
pay you money for your product but you
can't reach a price so you had in
something else alright I'll give you
money and I'll help you advertise all
right so adding variables when you've
got a standoff is generally good so
instead of looking at the Middle East as
something that Israel and Hamas have to
work out you end up looking at the whole
system and you've introduced this whole
bunch of variables now what happens when
you've got this many variables in your
situation well in most cases in the
normal world the more you complicate
things the less likely it's going to
work out if this were an engineering
project you'd say wow that's the wrong
direction if you add variables if you
add specifications if you add complexity
it's much worse keep it simple if you
can but in the very specific world of
trying to reach a deal internationally
it might actually be an advantage to add
as many variables in here and try to
give something that really just settles
a lot of stuff at the same time you know
it might it might go to
capitols are and might go to who is
funding Eman that might go to what's up
with a mas it might go to security it
might go to you know nuclear weapons
just throw it all in there now in a
normal situation you would never get
anybody to agree when you have that many
variables it would just be too hard to
negotiate with that much stuff the only
way that could work is if you have some
kind of leader who is tested and knows
how to create simple stories and have
complicated situations somebody who
could reach into the complexity find not
only where the money matters but the
emotions matter what where people can be
persuaded and where they can't where the
complexity could be ignored even if it's
important to get to where you need to go
where you could be morally flexible
where you need to to get to a greater
good you would need somebody so unique
that that sort of person could only come
around once in a lifetime do you see it
so you know I've laid it down here and
you've seen that by weird coincidence it
wouldn't you know not really anybody
whose great work or anything like that
just by coincidence it looks to me like
a lot of stuff is lining up for exactly
the players who were important in this
world yeah and somebody said in the
comments Jared so you know Jared is sort
of the the silent
you know broker behind the behind the
curtain and he's obviously got you know
a crazy good connections it looks like
it looks like he's a strong player who
could make everything pull together if
anybody could I don't know if anybody
could so I'm not going to say this as a
prediction because predicting peace in
the Middle East would be not the
smartest thing anybody ever did right
because the odds are always against it
I'm only gonna say
that we've never had this situation
before this is special and maybe it
matters all right I would love to hear
your feedback on this tell me if you
think this is crazy and if you could put
a reason you know a short reason there
that would be good you don't have to do
details but you know give me a sense of
what part of that you think is weak not
crazy yeah it's not crazy right haven't
accounted for China I don't know that I
need to the oil price drop supports my
observation you are correct the drop in
oil prices makes everybody a little more
flexible especially Iran I would think
it's too easy for one party to play the
others that's that's the big risk of
course it's crazy because the
Palestinians don't want a deal does
anybody not want a deal you know here's
the thing if if you thought Israel was
vulnerable and that you really had an
actual chance of destroying Israel if
you thought that was possible you might
you might dig in and do everything you
could you know sacrifice you know live
live in bad conditions take risks you
know do whatever you can if it was your
religion or your cultural beliefs that
you had to destroy Israel but at some
point no matter how much you want to
destroy Israel you're gonna realize that
they're getting more powerful every day
time is not on your side and you're not
getting closer to destroying them you're
getting further away so there is a point
where you realize it just can't happen
so what you're doing if you're a mosque
and you're the leaders over there
you're killing your people you're living
in poverty and you don't have any chance
just no chance
of realistically getting what you think
you want which is some kind of revenge
or taking over israel or or wiping them
out or whatever it is you that you think
you want to do so I think we're there
with a little bit of pressure now one of
the keys that I talked to you about all
the time is that sometimes in order to
make a deal both sides have to have a
story they can tell their own people in
which they're the winners so the ideal
situation is that both side can tell
their side why they're the winners in
North Korea that situation is shaping up
Kim can tell his people hey I'm unifying
the North Korea my nukes really worked
out for me because it got me all these
concessions so he's got a story we of
course have our story which is you know
no more nukes in North Korea right so
everybody can have a win I think what's
been lacking with Hamas is they didn't
have a way to win there was there was no
way to spin this thing into a victory
and here's what I would suggest if a
mosque is part of a larger picture for
something really good in the Middle East
and it's tied to specific economic
benefits then suddenly they have
something that they can shape as a win
and that win might be let's say access
to holy sites or who's in charge of holy
sites yeah they might say well we got
that it's a good thing we put that
pressure on Israel maybe it's something
about travel or water rights maybe it's
about economic development from other
countries maybe Saudi Arabia so you can
imagine a whole bunch of variables going
in in which at least the leaders of
Hamas can say this would be good for our
people or there's enough money to bribe
them or kill them or coerce them because
if you've got if you've got all of the
other countries saying all right the
only thing stopping us is about a dozen
of you leaders in a mosque that's the
only thing that's stopping the entire
Middle East from you know having some
stability it's like 12 guys you 12 guys
pretty sure if every country in the
world wanted them to cooperate they
could find a way all right because the
MAS doesn't have nuclear weapons so I'm
not talking about militarily but they
could be bribed they could be convinced
you know they're they could be Patriots
for their country and just take the best
deal they can get a mas needs a leader
that can declare a victory right and it
does seem to me that they could declare
some form of victory in some way there's
there have to be enough variables where
they can walk off saying look what I did
this is way better
[Music]
all right
I'm just looking at your comics now
comments would Bolton be on board well
you know the beauty of the complexity if
you keep it complicated is that
everybody has a reason to like it and
everybody has a reason to not like it
that's what complexity gives you it
allows everybody to see their own movie
so if you need everybody to see their
own movie this is the way to do it
just throw enough stuff in there that
nobody really understands what's going
on and in that world a President Trump
is the most influential voice because he
operates in that world where people are
confused and overwhelmed and there's too
much complexity and he'll boil it down
to its simplest element and sell the
crap out of it alright I'm going to end
here and keep it short thanks for
joining me in my mancave
one more simultaneous sip afternoon
coffee join me for a toast and now have
a good night