[Music]
hey is anybody there this afternoon it's
too soon to be celebrating New Year's
Eve although I might join you at New
Year's Eve I'm not quite sure yet I just
have a single topic today that I
couldn't wait I couldn't wait
hello Ontario Canada hello everybody so
I'm watching CNN just moments ago and
they're talking about president Trump's
decision to pull out of Syria now since
CNN is the anti-trump Channel they of
course are paid to give it in the worst
possible way in words that you hear
there is I actually heard some a the
pundits say that the president's
decision to leave Syria was quote random
random it was literally a campaign
promise that I don't know what random
means if if it means keeping a campaign
promise so that's interesting now of
course they also call it impulsive and
the biggest complaint is that he didn't
he did not consult with all of the
stakeholders these are all the things
that people who don't know how to manage
anything important say so if you don't
know how things work you've never worked
at a big company you've never been a
manager of people you don't have much
deep experience you would say this about
the president's decision on Syria you
would say that's random which just means
you don't understand it or it's
impulsive which just means you're not
aware of who talked to who about what
and how long they've been thinking about
it but the interesting part arbitrary
yes or if it was arbitrary random
arbitrary and impulsive but now let me
give you the context so the context is
it was the most well broadcast decision
of all time because
been saying is since he ran for
president and I don't think he ever
stopped saying it that getting out of
Syria was an objective once Isis was
beaten down and they're pretty well
beaten down although not completely so
that's the situation is that he said he
was going to do it so it's not random
but there is the issue of did he consult
with the right people in order to make
the decision and here's here's the
context that's important six months ago
now eight months ago he asked for a plan
to get out and he said let's get out in
six months eight months later he checked
him on how his six-month plan was going
and they told him were not planning to
do that it's hard and we have reasons
now if you're a strong leader what do
you do in that situation
what do you do if you've asked for
something very important to be done in
six months and then eight months later
when you check in on it they've done
 nothing nothing do you do what
see it and suggests which is to start
the clock again and just say well I
guess that eight months was a waste of
time let's start the clock again hey
people go figure out I had to get me out
of Syria and then what do you do in six
months when they've done nothing because
clearly they don't want to get out of
Syria
well you're you've wasted another six
months here's what you do
if you're a smart tough leader you turn
to Bolton and you say we're still not
out turkey says talking to the president
of Turkey here and he says they can take
care of what's left
do give me a reason we need to be here
and then John Bolton looks at him and
says or something like that we weren't
in the room but apparently John Bolton
did not give him a good
to stay now imagine your head
it's your campaign promise it's
important you gave them six months and
they not only did not do it they did not
come back to you and tell you why they
couldn't do it they just didn't do it
and now you've talked to the guy who
should know the most who's the biggest
hawk of them all and obviously yes he
has all the information that he needs
and he says what do you think any cuz I
don't have a reason what do you do if
you're a strong leader well the first
thing you might do is fire some people
that could get attention now the the
baddest thing is more of a quitting than
a fired but I think the president needed
to fire him at that point don't you
if mattis had not resigned he kind of
should have been fired for this even if
he did everything else right if the
commander-in-chief gives you an order
and you have a reason you can't do it
and you come back to him with the reason
and say I understand the order but here
are the reasons we don't want to do it
or can't do it
well you don't where that guy all right
that that person is doing their job but
if you check back in eight months and
they've done nothing and they can't tell
you why they've done nothing at least in
a way that was you know convincing the
smartest thing to do is to say we're
gonna do it
alright I'm ordering it it's done now
what happened as soon as the president
made the decision all the people who did
nothing for six months eight months
actually all the people who did nothing
to make this happen suddenly for the
first time got serious so he took people
who weren't taking him serious seriously
and he made them serious by ordering it
it was exactly the right thing to do now
what happened when they started getting
serious they dug into it a little bit
there was lots of push back the Senate
got involved Lindsey Graham
first he did it but now he kind of likes
it because he has some more information
apparently but it caused all those
people who were ignoring the
commander-in-chief it caused them to do
their job for the first time for the
first time they did their job and what
happened when they did their job they
came back and they said you know we
don't want to do this quickly so how
about we take our time and here are our
reasons and what did the president say
when they finally did their job and gave
him reasons and then gave him a
reasonable schedule he said yes the
moment they actually did their freaking
jobs he became the most reasonable guy
in the world when they were not doing
their job he made them do their job
and I'm listening to the folks of CNN
who don't understand how how the world
works there was only one way to do this
and I think he did it he ordered it and
then he knew that would cause a lot of
you know deeper thinking about it he
knew it would cause people to make it a
priority and they hadn't they hadn't
made it a priority before but it's a
priority now and and they're gonna
figure out and do it so what bothered me
about this enough to jump on periscope
to do another one is that he is being
criticized for really doing the right
thing this is it to me that some a lot
of situations could be a gray area you
don't really know if you did the right
thing you have to wait there are lots of
variables involved it's hard to tell you
know you might prefer a decision but you
don't really know if it's the right
decision it's a big complicated world
but if you're the leader and your
employees are not doing what you asked
them to do you light a fire you fire
people or you just order it to happen
and you and it catches their hair on
fire and then stuff gets them
and then you get reasonable after you've
got them to act so it's it's just
mind-boggling to watch the people who
have never run businesses never managed
people never been you know never been
even within a mile of this kind of
problem and this kind of important
decision so that's my argument that
Trump handled that just right now I will
say again that if anybody is an expert
on climate change I would love that they
sign up on the interface by when Hub app
and I will personally give them a call
and see what I can learn but you have to
have some real credentials I'm talking
about somebody who's actually you know
not a skeptic
I'll talk to skeptics separately but I
want to talk to somebody who really
wants climate change I'd love to also
see an expert on the app it's called
interface by wound up and it's available
in app stores I'd love to see an expert
who says that open borders are good for
the world
like real open borders not just the kind
where people get work permits but just
real open borders I would like to talk
to that person because I've never heard
I've never met anybody or talk to
anybody who thought that was a good idea
and yet we're running in the country as
if half the country thinks that's a good
idea I don't believe it's true I don't
believe there are people who have that
opinion until I meet one you know if I
actually talked to a real legitimate you
know serious adult who says yes I do
believe in completely open borders
here's my argument I might agree with
them or it might disagree with them but
at least I would confirm that such a
person exists I don't believe they exist
that's my my my start somebody just said
Jim Davis knows they exist I don't know
how to deal with the people who are
coming into this late I'm not sure
calling me a cartoonist is a
is the best description at this point I
would also like an expert in the Middle
East somebody who knows about Syria for
example and so if any of those people
are on the app today or this week and by
the way if you sign up for the app you
know I'll get a notice if you come
online so I don't have to be available
at that time just when you come on I'll
get a notice that somebody's looking
somebody went to that keyword is online
and I'll catch up to you all right so
let's see if we can get some experts to
answer some questions and for now let's
stop criticizing the president's
decision about Syria because it really
was exactly the right way to play that
and I'll talk to you later