pom pom pom
[Music]
hey everybody coming to you from a
unusual time in space I've got a little
treat for you but I'll wait for a few of
you to get on before we get into it so
how many of you saw the president's
tweet which apparently the
administration has negotiated for
200,000 free AIDS drugs from gilead
pharmacy for people who don't have
insurance you can't afford it now I
don't know if you know how big a deal
that is but if if I'm understanding this
right I think this is the drug that if
you're on it you don't you don't get it
or you don't infect other people but the
so if one of the partners is on it
usually good I think that's how it works
but the problem is that if there are
some people who don't have access to the
drug then it's still going to spread so
the way to take care of it is take care
of all of it and I don't know if this is
as big as I think it is but did Trump
just cure AIDS now I realize that's an
overstatement it would take years to
beat it back and you'll still be big in
other countries etc but this deal looks
like a kill shot for AIDS in the United
States if if it's what I think it is I
hope I'm not over estimating the the
power of this but I my understanding is
that the the current AIDS drugs are so
good that they do stop it stop it from
spreading they don't cure it per se but
there are also drugs for for you know
treating so I don't know exactly how big
a deal this will be in terms of getting
rid of AIDS but between the drugs that
keep it under control and keep it from
spreading I'm not sure how many drugs
are involved here
it looks like we're right at the points
of solving one of the most difficult to
solve problems of all time so we'll wait
for some details on that but I wanted to
tell you a fun little story and then
show you something that I think you'll
enjoy so you'll be glad that you watch
this periscope and if you sign off
before you see the good parts you're
gonna be really mad so I was watching a
YouTube interview with Steve Wynn now
Steve Wynn's is the billionaire who
built much of Las Vegas and so he built
a lot of the big-name hotels as hotels
around the world etc and he was being
interviewed about his career in life and
one of the things he said was that one
of the things that makes his hotels work
so well is that the culture is good and
whenever I hear that you know remember
I'm the guy who writes the Dilbert comic
strip when I hear any any CEO or a
founder saying oh it's it's all about
the culture the first thing I think is
well is it is it really and what do you
really do about that you know is there
something you're doing that's making
this culture yeah so I never really
believed it when people say say those
things but then he gave an example it
was one of the most persuasive things
I've ever heard
so I'm gonna share it with you and
apparently what they do according to
this interview was Steve Wynn is that
each of the work groups get together at
least once a day I think and they share
their what he calls stories so their
customer service stories and he gave an
example of somebody who I guess an
elderly couple forgot their medication
and they got the less I guess and I
realized they really really needed it
before a morning and it was a problem
and one of the employees said I'll take
care of it called his his brother and
whatever city that they were got the
housekeeper to open up the house got to
got the meds and between he and his
brother they delivered him from Los
Angeles or something so and they were
saying that was just one example
the power of the method is that all the
employees hear the story and then they
see that this person gets a lot of
attention yeah they're their photo is
put up on the wall it's part of the
internal communication and then people
think well maybe I could get a story too
you know it could be good for my career
so he makes it competitive without
making it competitive and a story is
really really powerful compared to a
bunch of rules so I don't think it's a
coincidence or just luck as Steve Wynn
says of his own success he attributes a
lot of it to luck and of course you have
to have luck but when I hear that kind
of technique that is science perfect
because the way people are wired that
that should get him exactly the kind of
thing that the story sounds like now
here's the fun part of the story I'm in
a Wynn Hotel right now and we just
watched this Christine and I just
watched it on YouTube and we're down in
Vegas right now and we we got a really
nice room because when I travel which I
don't do a lot I like to make it count
so I always get you know pretty high-end
room and but we we had some concern
because we wanted to be a away from the
nightclub because there's a nightclub in
the bottom floor and it can get kind of
loud so we thought so we you know
Christina was was making the
reservations and she said hey you know
can we you know get something this
higher up or away from the sound that's
our only concern so they said well how
about we upgrade you to one of the the
better rooms and so so Christina said
sure you know we'll take the upgrade
because it got us to the place where we
were away from the noise and really all
we cared about it's all we cared about
was away from any potential noise so I
want to show you the room they upgraded
us to do you want to save the room
I know you do so I don't have to I don't
have to wait for this are they gonna
turn the camera around and then I'm
gonna give you a tour of the room all
right here's the view here's the
chandelier here's the sitting area
but of course oh here's a good view and
see the window you can see how big it is
now this is just one room okay now there
are other rooms for example this room
has two floors so we're gonna take you
upstairs in a minute but let's take you
down the hall so you can see what it
looks like so that's one wing down there
I'll take you there in a minute
this is that this is an elevator I have
an elevator for the room the room has an
elevator this is the man cave so a hole
still so you can see this let's do a
reverse for you
man cave I'll be in here later we'll
take a look in one of the Oh let's go
around the corner we've got as every
good room should have obviously massage
and it comes with its own workout device
there you've got a guest bathroom over
here nobody wants to see that there's
some kind of a butler's kitchen back
here
Baldr kitchen let's go down the hall
alright there are there are three
bedrooms here and then there's a
stairway so I'll take you up the stair
we're in a moment alright so here's one
bedroom it's got a little sitting area
pop-up here's the view so we're looking
at the part of the strip that's getting
some work here's a competitor that's
going up across the way and then I'll
show you the view from here which is the
pool there's the pool area and here's
our reverse the room a little pop-up TV
that TV pops up I just said that twice
right here's one of the bathrooms it's
got all the usual bathroom stuff let's
go upstairs now there's a punchline to
all of this so you have to you have to
wait for the punchline alright so I'm
gonna go up the stairs
so over here is another bedroom that's
identical to the one downstairs here's
the view off the second floor
all right we'll take you down to a guest
room over here so this is the third
third room and then show you a little
bit of the bathroom the earther guest
bathroom so the guest bathroom has a
bathtub overlooking the strip so but
there's there's a funny story that goes
with this so when we got upgraded I said
to myself wow there must be some kind of
a Dilber fan working at the desk or
something because I couldn't really
explain it because by the way there we
got a really good deal on this because
it was an upgrade so they don't charge
you extra for the upgrade so we're just
paying our normal roommate so but here's
the funny part so I naturally assumed
what most of you were assuming right now
you're thinking to yourself it's
probably because you're famous cartoon
this guy but then I thought well it
might be that but it could also be that
Steve Wynn is a I think he's a trump
supporter and I thought well maybe he's
heard of me and he's just a trump
supporter and so he's just being nice or
or there's somebody at the desk who made
the reservation who recognized my name
is the Dilbert guy maybe it was a fan or
something so I was I was saying - so
Christina yes probably somebody there
who just recognized my name and and
they're just being extra nice to us and
she says I booked it under my name so so
they didn't even know I was part of the
deal she booked it under her name it's
the only name that they hurt so getting
back to Steve Wynn's stories so remember
I started this off if he missed it
I started off by saying that Steve Wynn
was talking about his method for
building a culture for his employees and
the part of it was that they tell
stories about amazing things that they
did for guests well this is a pretty
amazing thing that they did for us and
I'm pretty sure that they didn't do it
because they thought we were special
they did it because we've used this
hotel a number of times which they do
know so we were just being treated
really well now as far as I can tell and
I'm just guessing I think they probably
just had this room not booked for the
time that we're here this is just
speculation and that they'd like to have
it filled because you know I'm gonna
tell this story I mean I just told it in
public and showed it to you so Steve
Wynn's
idea of that if you create stories they
traveled you know the story doesn't stay
with the person who experienced that it
becomes part of everybody's imagination
very quickly and that's what's happening
right now so sort of as a homage to
Steve Wynn and also a thanks for for his
his staff being so so good that they
they did this for us
they created a story it was a story that
I didn't expect certainly don't deserve
as I've often said nobody deserves
anything so I thought I'd pass that
along because it was a good story yes
you can see you want to see Trump's
hotel so I don't I don't know if this is
a licensed hotel so that's a Trump Hotel
UT in the top this hotel is the most
penis-like hotel of all the hotels I
know maybe that's just me probably just
me all right somebody says why am I so
darn lucky well
I have a theory that luck is distributed
evenly over a person's life I had an
unusually bad first part sorry so I
think the universe would be a good
second part so the second part is
amazing the the second part of my life
you know I have I have just ordinary
days on a Tuesday that's better than
most people's best day ever
and I'm completely aware of that um can
I sit with the window so there's a
there's a better view behind me well
I'll do better than that I'll just show
you the view because you'd rather see
that than me so that's the view Las
Vegas looks like a wasteland well this
is the the edge of the develop of
civilization here if we were facing the
other direction it would be all
impressive well-lit buildings
looks like North Korea yeah does there
until they keep keep building here now
we heard a funny story about this
building that I'm looking at a lot of
people thought that this was another
wind property because it looks like the
kind of buildings that he builds it
looks like the building I'm in actually
but and so they had I'm told some kind
of disagreement yeah with the company
building this and the company had to
modify it would looked less like it was
designed by the wind organization and so
I think I'm just guessing but it looks
like that red thing that they tacked on
to the edge was probably just a gas but
maybe that's what they had to do to make
it look a little different why not a
Trump Hotel well there's only one Trump
hotel here and they don't have gambling
so there's a little less going on over
there
boo the cat I did not can I show you the
artwork on the walls well this room has
this it doesn't have Picasso's if that's
what you're wondering
you know Steve Wynn's a collector but
they're not in the guest rooms do you
gamble much I do not not a gambler we're
here for the spa's of the food and
visiting visiting locals all right so
that's what we got going on I thought
I'd share that with you and I will talk
to you all later