[Music]
good morning everybody and welcome to
the highlight of human civilization it's
called coffee with Scott Adams because
you know because and if you'd like to
take this uh experience and that's what
it is it's not a show it's an experience
if you'd like to take this up to the
next level and I know you do all you
need is a cover Mar glass a tanker jeal
or Stein a c Jugger flask a vessel of
any kind fill it with your favorite
liquid I like
coffee and join me now for the
unparallel pleasure of the dop ofine end
of the day the thing that makes
everything better it's called the
simultaneous Sip and it happens now
go I'm going to be colonizing twice as
hard
now well today we're going to unravel
the Mysteries of the government and why
it is like it is and believe it or not I
actually have some answers to those
questions today so some of the Mysteries
I've had for the longest time have been
revealed and I'm going to reveal them to
you exciting huh yeah don't go away uh
let's start with the uh the big news
first well not really I I like to start
with pallet cleanser news you before we
get to the hard stuff so ABC bc7 news
eyewitness news reports
that uh cops and bystanders uh helped to
chase down a 100
chickens who escaped from a Chinatown uh
La market so cops and bystanders had 100
chickens and they were running around
chasing them now the chickens reportedly
crossed the
road but nobody knows
why next story um apparently today uh
the apple is releasing the Apple Vision
Pro those VR goggle
things now do you think those will be a
big hit anybody big hit how many of you
are dying to get the Apple Vision Pro
$3500
goggles is there anybody here who's
going to buy them I got one why one yes
anybody else
is there even a single person yeah we
got some a
few you know when I look at a picture of
uh Tim Cook wearing the The Vision Pro
goggles I said to myself I finally
figured out who Tim Cook reminds me
of you remember Steve Jobs and how how
cool Steve Jobs was you had that
Charisma and that just magic gift well
if you took Steve Job jobs and then you
subtracted from him everything that made
Steve Jobs
amazing you'd have Tim
Cook now Tim Cook is a very high
functioning person you know I'm sure
he's great but you know the there was
only one Steve Jobs you know who whoever
takes over for Elon Musk someday is not
going to be Elon Musk I'm just saying so
I don't even think that
I don't know this of course it can't be
known I don't think Steve Jobs would
have launched this product what do you
think because when I think of the iPod
you know you think of the things that
Steve Jobs did uh if you used a computer
before the Lisa computer came around you
said to yourself oh my God who invented
this computer it's so hard to use I sure
wish there was some easier way to do
this and then Steve Jobs and apple give
you an easier way
way then Steve Job says everybody likes
music I like music it' be a lot better
if I had a little device with all the
music on it so it makes an iPod solves a
problem that all of us sort of had which
is I wish it were easier to listen to by
music and then the smartphone comes
along provides all these things that are
real world benefits oh I've got an app I
can book my tickets with them talking to
a person and all these Solutions for
real problems you had like you really
wanted to do stuff and it did
it now let's talk about the Vision
Pro does that solve any problem that you
knew you
had does it how how many of you were
saying to yourself you know what I
really need is something that takes me
out of the world completely I don't even
want to see the real world you know like
you do if you're doing regular gaming I
just feel like
the Apple products that were huge hits
solved an obvious problem we all knew we
had or an opportunity you know to make
something better that we all wanted but
the Vision Pro seems to be like trying
to convince us we want this thing we
weren't thinking about it's not obvious
it solves any problem had they launched
it purely for training
purposes or education I would have said
you know what that might be the thing
because I would rather I would
definitely rather get training in VR
than um travel somewhere I would
definitely rather use VR to show me how
to fix an engine or you know do some
physical
thing but for entertainment I don't know
we'll see I'm skeptical on that one you
probably all saw the clip of Governor
Nome he was on some kind of Zoom call
somebody recorded it and he was telling
the story to the other participants how
he was at some retail store in San
Francisco I think and somewhere in
California and a shoplifter shoplifted
something was it Target store and he was
at the the checkout stand and he said
hey aren't you going to do something to
stop that and the the Checker said uh no
we can't and the reason was the governor
she didn't know she was talking to the
governor which is a funny story but when
she recognized him then you know I guess
it turned into something else but here's
the the bigger part of the story It's
Kind of a Funny Story that she didn't
recognize the governor and he was in the
store when they were shoplifting but the
Amazing Story is he seemed to think that
the store could stop the shoplifting and
it wasn't anything that the that the
government of California did that's
causing this wave of
shoplifting and that he believed that
the California laws were comparable to
other
states now it turns out and I didn't
know this uh I don't think there was
anything that changed recently I kept
hearing about this $950 limit where you
could shop lip up to $950 and you
wouldn't go to jail but apparently that
changed a long time ago do I have that
right give me a fact check on that I
kept hearing the story as if it were a
recent change but I think it changed
over 10 years ago right maybe 10 years
ago two years ago no I do a fact check
on this so
I I thought the reporting said it was a
recent
change but I saw some other news that
said no this happened a long time ago
but for some reason now it's becoming a
problem so there's
a oh maybe something about the da
charging
it yeah so so it might be that the law
was the same but how the Das are
treating it as different is that what's
happening so I don't there there's some
uncertainty there I would say that the
news is not doing its job of informing
us on that however the fact that the
governor didn't understand the situation
much the way I don't right now there's
there's something about it I don't
understand but the governor of
California didn't understand the
shoplifting problem that is causing
these big chains to move out and cause
Food and Health Care deserts in in
underserved communities how do you not
know what's going on in that situation I
mean I understand how I don't know I'm a
citizen but how does the how does the
governor not know that's very
embarrassing for my state and for my
Governor uh rasmuson has a poll on race
relations um let's see if you can
guess what percent of American adults
believe race relations in the nation
today are good or
excellent wow you're good you're so good
you guessed you guess within one
percentage Yeah the answer is 26% of
American adults believe racial relations
in the United
States or
Excellence all right if you're new to
the show we always mock the fact that
25% of the people in the country get
every poll question
wrong that's not just an opinion that's
just wrong you're just wrong all
right um I think I mentioned this before
but there's a new update so Dr Drew is
on Dave Rubin show and I'm going to read
the exact quote because it's just so
well
stated and apparently Dr Drew credited
RFK Jr for uh his personal Awakening
about how fake everything is
and uh so Dr Drew said I'm open to
everything now I realized that
everything in the news is BS everything
there is nothing I can consume on Legacy
Media that I can trust and and that is
shocking it makes you wonder how long
it's been going on for I didn't realize
how much speech was being suppressed now
you heard that before it's well you know
well stated but uh Elon Musk retweeted
Dr Drew's U comments there and said Dr
Drew gets
it now here's the frame I want to put on
this there there are some things that
you can hear a million times and you can
understand it intellectually and it
won't help it's the weirdest thing and
here's the thing I've been telling you
forever but until you experience it it
it's not true it goes like this
everything is fake and always has
been that's not something your brain can
even handle because your brain has to
believe something is true it just can't
go through the day without it now now
there is something true of course
underlying all the the BS but what you
need to know is that all information is
motivated all data all studies all
government statements all politicians
all public figures are motivated by
something and usually it's not your your
best uh
interest even if it is your best
interest they're still going to spin it
the way that gets you to whatever is
that they want to do even if it's your
best interest so even things that are
not bad are also BS it might be BS on
your side it might be BS in your best
interest but it's all Bs top to bottom
everything in the news is fake at least
in terms of its context at least in
terms of what they decided to put in
your head and what they decided to leave
out because that's news too what did
they decide wasn't new news that's
news so once you get to the point uh and
I've described the levels of awareness
you know the Awakening when you're a
little kid you learn that Santa Claus
isn't real and you're like oh man
apparently an adult can tell me
something that isn't true I didn't
realize that and you and then you think
but at least you know at least I can use
my own judgment and my own research and
find out what's true even though people
are not telling me the truth
I can deduce it with my own
research no you
can't you can't if you could do that
then people wouldn't get away with lying
to you 100% of the time I mean you could
try and you should and you can get some
right but the illusion is that if you do
your own research and you get one right
here's the illusion you got it right
because you did your own
research that's not
happening you got to write often because
it's a binary question is something true
or false you did your research and you
picked one of those and then later you
found out you were right so you're like
ah that research sure Works no it
doesn't because we're a whole bunch of
people were right coin flip wise yeah
somebody was going to say yes somebody
was going to say no whoever gets it
right thinks they were a genius and the
process that they used to get there was
completely rational probably not so Dr
Drew and Elon Musk are largely on the
same page of understanding that all
data all studies all
science all all economic information
everything your government tells you is
motivated by something and if you don't
know what it is you don't really
understand what's
happening there's a new poll released
that says uh Trump's leading in every
swing
state by appar more than the margin of
error do you believe that that's true
it's in the news and it's in the
poll so that's true right no no it's not
true it's not true and we're going to
talk about another uh poll in a minute
that'll be a little more obvious now
that doesn't mean that it's
incorrect they it might be
scientifically correct they asked a
question they got an answer they did the
statistic
that might be all
valid
but the way they ask the question always
matters and the samples they choose
always matters and you have to ask
yourself uh I guess this was a
Bloomberg Bloomberg morning consult poll
what would Bloomberg want you to think
in February of
2024 so that's the question you should
ask yourself if it's Bloomberg the
company and they have anything in common
with Bloomberg the person what would
they want you to think is about to
happen they might want you to think
Trump's on a way to win because it could
be that people like Bloomberg and this
is just pure speculation I can't read
any minds but they might want you to
think that uh Trump will win unless you
do something now to change something in
a big
way so it might be simply communication
to Biden it's just a way for a
billionaire to tell Biden hey you either
need to get out of the race because
you're going to lose or you better close
the border tomorrow because you're going
to lose if it stays open so sometimes a
poll is just telling you some
information and sometimes it's a way to
change the outcome of things and it
might be a little tricky I'm not saying
that's what's happening with this one
because that would be mind reading yeah
but just ask yourself who is behind the
pole and what would they like you to
think and did the poll show you exactly
what the people who make the poll would
like you to think that would be a
problem it'd be more believable if the
outcome was exactly the opposite of what
you knew they wanted you to think that
might have some credibility and even
then I think there was money behind
it all right uh as you know uh God hates
mobile home parks um that's why when
there's any kind of a hurricane or twist
he goes right for the mobile home parks
first this is welln this is not the
first time you're hearing it God hates
mobile home parks he's sort of a I don't
know sort of an elitist in that way in a
sense but apparently there's a airplane
that just crashed in Clearwater Florida
and uh took out a mobile home park and
killed some people
tragically um now if you've ever known a
pilot as I have used to be married to
one there there's a qu there's a
something you look for in every
story when you hear that a small
aircraft crashed and it's the making
model of the
aircraft because uh I don't want to get
sued so I'm not going to say this is my
opinion because it's not I will tell you
that there's one one type of small
aircraft that Pilots call the doctor
killer the doctor killer that's all I'm
going to say about
it and I'm looking in the comments and
and you already know which one it is now
you don't all know but everybody who's a
pilot
knows no so and let me tell you what
it's not it's not a
Cessna it's not a Cessna but the the
people who are pilots they're they're
all saying the name of the of the
aircraft in the comments so I'm not
making it up it's a it's a general
statement that the pilots believe
there's one type of aircraft that is
harder to control so I believe it's a
combination of strong engine and maybe
delicate relatively you know delicate
controls yeah yeah you you all know what
I was talking about so I'm not going to
say the name of it because I don't have
any data that would suggest that's a
real problem it's just what the pilot
say right um that's what I know for sure
uh Nikki Hy there's some weird thing
that happened I don't know what what the
story is but Nikki Hilly's X account
printed uh two messages as support from
her supporters there were two personal
messages but both of them were obviously
fake and nobody's quite sure what's
going on because they're so obviously
fake you can't even believe that anybody
thought you would believe them you one
of them is uh handwritten but it's a
computer
font
do you think the person who who wrote
that note used the the handwriting
font no I mean it's just fake and then
the other one was purported to be an
email that they received except they did
a screenshot and the screenshot
indicates that it's from the sender in
other words they wrote a message to
themselves forgot to hit send so it
would end up in their own inbox and they
just took the screenshot before they
sent it so you can see that the send
button was was still highlighted meaning
it hadn't been sent meaning it was their
own message now I don't know what the
real story is I mean on the surface it
would look like they made up two fake
messages and tried to sell them as
real but I doubt that's the full
story yeah I I feel like it might be
closer to a staffer had an
idea somewhere along the lines somebody
lost the fact that they were fake I
don't know there there's more to the
story but it's just a stupid little
story of
incompetence Bill Mah is talking about
uh Trump's uh legal wos and he's been
warning for a while that it'll make
Trump more popular not less and he used
a word that I thought was interesting he
said that that people if Trump gets
convicted his supporters will start to
see him as a quote revolutionary leader
now that actually hits you doesn't it
the the choice of those words yeah
martyr not quite but it's in the right
area but revolutionary leader because
all as Mar points out all Trump has to
do is say that the process was
corrupt and it'll become more popular
because how hard it will will it be to
convince people that the process was
corrupt when it's obviously corrupt it's
not even going to take get any work yeah
let me say it
directly if Trump gets
convicted on any of these
felonies and it's just obviously corrupt
as it
looks
um I'm going to do everything I can to
make him your next president because you
you just can't sit for that that that's
too far you know what I mean there's
some things you can just you know
about but there are some you have to act
on if you put Trump in
jail that that's action time I don't
know what that action would be but you
don't you don't just talk about that
that that's when you get physical in
some way you know not violence
necessarily but physical yeah it turns
physical at that point for
sure one hopes it's just
protests um I finally figured out why
weed is illegal at the federal
level I can't believe it took me so long
now do any of you know why the states
are more open to decriminalizing but the
federal government said no let's see if
let's see if you can piece it
together so the um who was it Health and
Human Services in the federal government
did a study and they recommended uh that
it was time to take the marijuana
schedule from out of the heroin category
and move it into a lesser controlled
substance category that would make it
easier to make it not
illegal so what they said was Health and
Human Services that marijuana possesses
therapeutic efficacy and its harms are
not on par with those of heroin or even
alcohol and that you know nobody they're
not saying it's perfectly safe that's
not the point they're saying that the
relative harm is somewhere in the less
than alcohol level and therefore the
government should reflect it so now ask
yourself if Health and Human Services
does a deep study and decides that it
should be rescheduled to a lesser harm
area what would stop that from happening
how you how many of you are aware of
what the process is next so after the
Health and Human Services says this
should be um descheduled what happens
next if the in the American political
process here's the part I didn't know
they take that recommendation to the
DEA and then the
DEA has final
say do you see it
yet the DEA has final say over whether
it gets
rescheduled do you see
it let me explain it so you go to the
DEA and you say we'd like like you to
consider rescheduling this what does the
da think would happen to the
daa the daa says huh a quarter of my
budget goes to this issue if this
becomes descheduled then a quarter of my
power a quarter of my budget no longer
need to
exist and we're
done that's
it in in no Corporation in America would
this department approve that
recommendation under no situation in
humankind would the head of the DEA in
this
setup approve it because you're asking
them to decrease their own career have
you ever worked in a big company when um
let me tell you a big company works it's
the end of the year and you haven't
spent all of your budget and it looks
like you won't be able to spend it all
by the end of the year what do you do
you go on a buying spree and you spend
all of your money and maybe even a
little extra so that when you ask for
more next year you can say look I spent
everything in a little extra last year
you know don't put me in that position
you you're going to need to give me
another big budget because they know
that if you don't spend it all next year
there's no way you're going to get more
and if you're a shrinking manager you're
not going to get promoted compared to
the growing managers the ones whose
departments grew that year because they
were more important so in a corporate uh
bureaucratic place you cannot ask
anybody to decrease their own power they
will find a reason that it's not time or
you should go SK study it some more now
there might be other forces there might
be cartels doing this or that there
might be the alcohol lobbyists may be
doing this or that because of
competition but once I heard that the
DEA has to approve
it that answered all of my questions so
you have a structural problem in which
the DA has approval now let me ask you
this who's the boss of the
daa who's the boss of The
Da ultimately it's Biden isn't it are
you telling me you telling me Biden
can't just order them
to you know do what they need to do yeah
so I think it has more to do with the
president being unwilling to over
overrule them we have to wait you know
maybe I'll be wrong the DEA will say yes
but I think the DA has been looking at
it for a while and they haven't said yes
yet and it doesn't seem like it's a
difficult question Health and Human
Services did the research so they don't
have to re research it just the
leadership has to talk to some people in
the group and say what do you think and
then they make a decision why is it
taking so long probably exactly the
reason you think because they don't have
the right structure that this going to
ever happen and they'll have to come up
with some reason why they can't do it so
I would predict if money predicts follow
the money should predict the DEA will
reject it and I further predict that the
reasons they reject it will look absurd
to
you anybody want to take the other side
of that bet follow the money and it
should suggest that the da turns it down
we'll
see so uh Mike Lee senator from
Utah sometimes referred to as Bas mikle
that's actually a Zach
handle um he explained to us why
Congress is so broken and he did such a
good job I'm going to read it even
though it's a little long it's a thread
from X but have you ever wondered why is
it why is it that our leaders are voting
on bills that they haven't
read haven't you wondered that I'm not
the only one right what what's wrong
with the process that they have these
giant bills and nobody even has time to
read it before they have to vote how in
the world does that even make sense well
base Mike Le explains it to us and I'm
going to read his explanation word for
word because it's so
good all right he said earlier today a
reporter standing outside the Senate
chamber told me that after four months
of secrecy The Firm which and I'm going
to Define what he means by the firm uh
plans to release the text of the 106
billion supplemental Aid border security
package possibly as soon as
tomorrow uh now remember I'll tell you
what the firm means in a minute
uh wasting no time she then asked if you
get the bill by tomorrow will you be
ready to vote on it by
Tuesday uh the words quote hell no
escape from my mouth before I could stop
them those are strong words where I come
from sorry Mom uh the reporter
immediately understood that my
frustration was not directed to her
rather I was directed at the law firm
and he's using this um in a creative way
not actually a law firm he goes the law
firm firm of Schumer and McConnell you
know the leaders of the Senate and the
house uh no actually the the Senate
sorry um the majority and minority
leaders of the
Senate and um so that's who he calls The
Firm so you know that that's a term like
you know lawyers from some movie or
something but so imagine that Schumer
and McConnell are a Republican and a
Democrat but they're the leers and they
uh uh they're perpetually trying to
normalize a corrupt
approach to legislating now what is that
corrupt approach now here's the fun part
of his message he's going to describe
the
process that is used for
legislation now you ask yourself if this
process could ever produce a good
outcome it can't and this is the actual
process they use number one spend months
drafting legislation in complete secrecy
all right you're already in trouble
number two aggressively Market that
legislation based not on its details and
practical implications good or bad but
only on its broadest and least
controversial objectives there it is
that they'll give the legislation some
name that is the opposite of what it
does and then they'll talk about the
least important part of it which might
even be
positive so that they can IGN all the
rest of it because all the rest of it
you wouldn't vote
for number three let's members see Bill
text for the first time only a few days
sometimes a few hours before an
arbitrary deadline imposed by The Firm
in other words Schumer and
mcconell have you watched that happen
yes you have did you ever wonder why
they do that like why don't they give
them enough time to consider their
legislation if they've been working on
for months why don't the people who have
to vote on have time to look at it well
apparently it's not an
accident I'll read on he goes uh so you
know they have a contrived sense of
urgency Mike says number four forces a
vote on the legislation honored before
that deadline denying Senators any real
opportunity to readed digest and debate
the measure on its merits much less
introduced consider and vote on
amendments um whenever the firm engages
in this practice it largely excludes
nearly every senator from the
constitutionally prescribed process in
which all senators are supposed to
participate that doesn't sound good uh
by by so doing the firm effectively
disenfranchises hundreds of millions
Americans that's how I feel at least for
the purposes relevant to the legislation
in hand and it's tragic it's also
unamerican un civil UNC collegial and
really uncool so why does the firm do it
every every
time why do they do it why do they do it
every
time um and it usually uses this
processed nearly every time and they've
become Adept at a and listing the help
of the freakishly uh Cooperative news
media so one of the reasons they can get
away with this is that the media isn't
hitting them on it and exerting pressure
in a way that makes what you experienced
in Middle School look mild by comparison
so they bully people behind the scenes
the CER
the Senators are getting bullied behind
the scenes by their by their own
leadership and
um and they reward those who
consistently vote with with
them okay that's pretty
creepy and they get you know various
privileges Etc
so and they're uniquely the the leaders
can give you the committee assignments
and all the good stuff that you want so
basically the leaders are just forcing
people to vote the way they want they're
keeping them in the dark so they don't
complain about it and then they're
bullying and punishing and rewarding
them to do what they want
effectively here's an actual Senator
elected by his State who is telling the
rest of us and
Utah I I can't do the job you elected me
to do because my leadership is
preventing me from being an honest
broker of your preferences
that's a hell of a patriotic thing to
say so Mike Ley you earned your based
reputation and now he talks about this
big Bill it's it's still secret they
still don't know what's in it they're
going to go through this rushed process
because if you knew what's in it you
certainly would not vote for it so they
actually are creating legislation so bad
that they have to keep their own members
in the dark to get them to vote for it
bully them uh you know I know probably
threaten them and everything
else and then uh Mike Le says under no
circumstances should this bill which
would fund military operations in three
distinct parts of the world and make
massive permanent changes to immigration
law be passed this week or next week he
says nor should it be passed until we've
had adequate time to read it duh um
and he says there's no Universe in which
those things will happen by next
week um please share if you agree yes
Mike Ley thank you so as a as an
American citizen as a voter as as a
taxpayer there's some work I appreciate
it there there is an elected Senator not
from my state but still works for the
benefit of the country and he's done a a
real good service here he's explained to
us in a way I can understand why nothing
works it's because two people who have
power are using their power to get
what's good for those two people and
maybe whoever whoever is their
supporters and we have a puppet Congress
so it turns out there are only two
people in Congress who
matter and they've been there a very
long time and you know happens when
you're there a long
time presumably you become somebody's
puppet
eventually somebody's going to bribe you
somebody's going to get some blackmail
on you somebody's going to be friend you
and start taking you on luxury vacations
somebody's going to start giving you
stock tips that are kind of
amazing
so there's no way this system could work
even on paper if you were to draw this
up and say hey I about a system like
this nobody would approve that so we
don't even have a system that operates
anything like the constit tion imagined
it's constitutional because it's not
breaking the Constitution but nobody
contemplated that it was two people
keeping a secret and bullying other
people into
agree so we we actually have a
government of bullying and blackmailing
and secrecy and two people making the
decisions on behalf of the
rest
Perfect all
right uh Trump's
Insurrection uh case has been taken off
the schedule not because they don't want
to pursue it but because there are
appeals that are going forward that have
to be resolved first and the appeals
would be um on the question of whether a
president could be
even charged or prosecuted for something
done in office now Trump was still in
office technically you know when when
the things on January 6 were
occurring as it was before the new new
president sworn in
so is this this kind of situ sitation
where you think it makes sense for the
president not to get prosecuted does it
fall into that category where you say
man you wouldn't want to handcuff a
president you know let let's say
something like a um did a military
response to something and there wasn't
much time and it was a fog of war and
they got it wrong right yeah you kind of
want them still to have that ability to
get it wrong if they're legitimately
trying to help the country and they're
doing their best you know sometimes
might have to you know step on a toe or
do something wrong just to protect the
country so you do want the president
have the widest possible range of
options without being handcuffed
especially if it's an
emergency and to me this does fit into
the category to me this very neatly fits
into the category of something you would
want the the president have the power to
do even if it didn't work out and the
even if it didn't work work out part is
the important part because if the
president's doing something everybody
wants and it works out you know it's
less of a problem but if you take the uh
the Democrats illegitimate frame that
what Trump was doing was trying to
overthrow the country well
no no I don't think a president should
have uh immunity from overthrowing the
country even if he's still in in office
no I don't think that that's reasonable
right
but suppose the president was trying to
disrupt a
process in order to make sure that the
country got the right answer on the
election because that's what people were
saying and I do believe that Trump
legitimately believed there's something
wrong with the election and that maybe
delaying to check could matter so under
those conditions if the president does
something that's quasi illegal or in the
gray area or maybe even just frankly
illegal
if he's doing it with a stated and
obvious purpose of fixing the country
not hurting
it I'm okay with it that's exactly the
situation I want my president not to
have to worry about legal Jeopardy if
you were trying to save the country yes
you should have total presidential
immunity if you're trying to overthrow
the country not so
much so everything depends on the
framing
the the question has nothing to do with
whether a president does or does not
have
immunity it really has to do with
whether it was an Insurrection or
whether he was trying to help the
country because I would definitely treat
it as an exception if he was trying to
overthrow the country right and and
become a dictator yeah I wouldn't I
don't think anybody would be in favor of
immunity if that was what was happening
but if what was happening was trying to
fix a broken election process even if it
was to his benefit because you know the
lawyers will tell you it doesn't matter
that it's also to his benefit it only
matters that at the same time it's good
for the country and that would be the
case it would be in his benefit but good
for the country unambiguously if there
was a real problem that he could correct
so that's
speculative all right let's talk about
the
uh uh Biden getting Swift
voted
Swift voted has anybody used that one
yet you know how John Cary when Carrie
ran for
president and they made up some story
about he was in a swift boat and did
something I don't know unbrave I forget
what the story was I don't think the
story was real it was just a political
attack but it was something called a
swift boat in Vietnam that was the name
of the boat but now we've got the Taylor
Swift situation who might be endorsing
Biden Etc now she hasn't endorsed Biden
specifically right I don't believe she
came out and endorsed Biden what if she
does I think that the uh Republicans
will uh reframe Taylor Swift as the
leader of the
awel you know what the awal are a W
fls uh it would be uh affluent white
female
liberals affluent white female liberals
that's Michael malice's uh uh brilliant
acronym
awful um now that I think that's going
to catch on because a lot of people
believe that that's the segment of the
country that's ruining the country the
affluent white female liberals that
they're mostly signaling their
awesomeness and in so doing destroying
the fabric of the United States and
maybe civilization itself so if Taylor
Swift decides to go full out endorsing
Biden then you can expect the
Republicans to go full out trying to
destroy
her I'm not saying they should it's just
the way it works right the same way the
Democrats went full out trying to
destroy me for my political opinions
it's just how it works you don't have to
like it or not like it it's just going
to happen so your opinion of it doesn't
matter um and I think that the the risk
for tell her if she hasn't already
figured this out I think she has is
first of all she could lose 40% of her
potential uh viewers if they haven't
already and
secondly am I
wrong that a huge portion of her fans
are affluent white female
liberals I mean they're they're plenty
of conservatives but wouldn't the bulk
of her fans be affluent white female
liberals well their children but also
their moms I I think it's actually not
children who are main fans I I read just
recently that you think children are
main fans but they're not they're over
20 I think the 20 to 30 are actually
your main fans according to a recent uh
report I saw so if that's true and I
would need a fact check on that if it's
true that her main fans would seem to us
and the important part is does it seem
true even if it's not true if it seems
that she becomes the face of the awful
that's not good for her and it's not
going to help her it's not going to help
Biden at
all so it could go terribly wrong so I
think that Biden could get Swift
abouted I think he's going to get Swift
abouted the the moment she uh if she
does you I think it would be a terrible
mistake if she does um it would be a
terrible career mistake to endorse
Biden um because it's not a regular
election you know because trumps on the
other side anyway we'll see what happens
uh mayorcas impeachment thing doesn't
look like mayorcas will actually get
impeached Republican Ken Buck uh has
already come out and said he doesn't
think it rises he doesn't love my orcus
so he's not happy with mycus but doesn't
think that may mayor's lack of doing his
job Rises to any kind of uh impeachable
offense I don't hate that
opinion I think mayorcas needs to be
removed but if he didn't do an
impeachable
offense I hate it but I'm going to have
to I'm going to have to agree with the
with Ken
Bach we can't live in a world where you
just make up the rules as you go if it's
non impeachable it's just got to be non
impeachable you just got to stick with
it so I hate it but I suspect he's right
I also like the fact that margerie
Taylor green pushed it I like the fact
that he's being questioned about it I
like the fact that it's on the table
because that sends the right message but
in the end if he's not
impeached I I could get over
that I think he needs to go but if this
doesn't work well I'd rather I'd rather
keep the Integrity of the impeachment
process if there's any
left well I saw a post by Alx one of
your better followers on X and he's
talking about
U um governor of New York Democrat Kathy
hokel who is on video talking about how
much she loves immigration before she
decided to hate it
recently and she's on video saying that
you know the Statue of Liberty has this
little poem on it about you know uh
welcoming people the immigrants with
with open arms and he says we will house
you and protect you whatever it says on
that poem on the Statue of Liberty very
welcoming to the
migrants well time goes
by and now Kathy OKO thinks that all the
migrants are uh an emergency in a crisis
and they're way too many and they can't
possibly take anymore but the best part
of the story was not the hypocrisy or
the fact that obviously it was a
terrible idea from the start um I loved
Alex's comments he says uh it's bad idea
to uh base your policy on a
poem and that's exactly what
happened she literally based her policy
on a
poem and then it didn't work out well
now there's a big surprise it didn't
work out so how often do we see the same
pattern that Democrats can't calculate
risks and rewards and they can't
distinguish the longterm from the short
term very consistently they can't
determine the long term from the short
term short term is it good to welcome
the immigrants
sure small rate of flow properly vetted
absolutely come on
in but once the flow and the the amount
of it becomes a crisis well there you go
anyway
uh you might wonder about the value of
the Legacy Media but I'm here to tell
you that they still have a value the LA
Times who recently laid off a lot of
their Workforce uh they're running an
opinion piece now and the title of the
opinion piece is how throwing soup at
the moan Lisa can help fight climate
change no I didn't read that wrong I
didn't read it
wrong how throwing soup at the Mona Lisa
which recently happened uh it didn't
heard it because it's behind glass uh
can help fight climate change I'm not
going to read the rest of that
article but that's where the LA Times is
at there there's your hard news right
there now I assume the article says you
know you got to keep the pressure on and
you know keep protesting but did we need
to read that I don't think that was news
I don't think we need or it's not even a
barely it's opinion so if the LA Times
was doing that what weren't they doing
was there anything that maybe they
should have been doing that was a big
gaping hole that had to be filled by a
concerned citizen because we've all
realized that we don't have a functional
news uh entity and we all have have to
become the news
ourselves well did you see a video in
which Brett Weinstein talks to tuer
Carlson and apparently Brett took it
upon himself uh
in his role as a researcher and citizen
which is good enough Patriot good enough
I'll take that travel down to What's
called the Darian Gap uh in South
America to find the sort of the source
and border the source of the immigration
so here's what we learned here's
something I didn't know from the LA
Times or any legitimate press
legitimate did you know that the way
that uh um people are getting in from
far away countries is they go into
Ecuador because Ecuador doesn't require
a visa to come in and then they work
their way through Colombia and up
through uh the rest of Central America
and up through the Border oh some of you
knew that okay so um well I didn't know
it I I didn't know that Ecuador was the
weak spot maybe I heard it somewhere but
wasn't at the top of my mind so we learn
learned that and we learned that there
you know a growing number of Chinese men
coming through Etc and is it an invasion
or something else and uh Brett concluded
it's maybe both you know there there's
an invasion quality to it but that might
be more of an outcome than a clever plan
by
somebody
um and there are all these organized
entities that are there just to help
people get onto this path all the way
through now the I would recommend the I
didn't get to watch the entire video I
recommend the video because it's one of
the few times you'll you'll hear from a
human being who you can believe because
I don't think there's any doesn't have
any interest in liing to you you know
there's no financial interest in lying
um who you could believe who went down
there looked for himself talked to lots
of different people and tried to figure
it out on your behalf
thank you thank you Brett for doing that
um and the fact that our news industry
has failed us to the point where
somebody's going to buy a plane ticket
to South America to just you know wallow
around in the mud and figure out what's
going on and why the country is going to
hell I mean you've got to really fail as
an industry before somebody buys that
plane ticket and here we are so great
work on that um and I think our
government is lying to us about all of
it there is still some mystery about the
border that we don't know there's still
some
mystery um it could be who's funding it
all or that's probably or
why Alex Jones warns us that you seen a
memo that there's a secret FBI memo
telling border patrol to be ready for a
quote uh imminent white supremacist
attack so wouldn't that be exactly the
perfect political thing to happen right
now when the Border looks like the worst
thing in the world for Democrats and the
worst thing in the world for Biden it
will certainly cause him to lose but you
know what would be perfect wouldn't it
be perfect it was suddenly as if by
Magic there's a white supremacist you
know event at the border because they're
trying to keep the brown people from
coming into the country and then the
news gets to reframe resistance to
immigration as a white
supremacist
opinion now Alex Jones warns us that
there could be a false flag
coming um
wow it sure looks like
it so first of all I believe Alex Jones
when he says he's got a source that says
a memo says there might be attack now
that doesn't mean it's a false
flag it could be there's a false flag
but also the Bemo is real
so there could be any combination of
realities here we don't
know but uh would I be concerned that
something that would help Biden so much
as a white supremacist attack on uh
people coming across the borders that
does feel like exactly the thing that
could happen in a terrible country and
we might be living in a terrible country
because
they why are we looking at that separate
head oh my God
anyway um I guess we'll wait and see on
that but if you see a attack that looks
like white supremacist you know you
should say all right Alex Jones warned
us about this now this is the best thing
about the independent press the best
thing is when they warn you what the
next play is because that's has a real
chilling effect on the next play if Alex
Jones tells you what the Democrats are
going to do and then they do it right in
front of you that really weakens their
narrative like we told you we were going
to do that it's an obvious play false
flag even if it's not a false flag it's
still weakens it as a story because you
could think well maybe it was a false
flag you know it was predicted exactly
the way it happened so the the
predictions of Badness are actually
quite
useful uh I saw a report that Putin
announced that Russia plans to integrate
the those captured you or occupied or
whatever you want to call it Ukrainian
territor is it's Russia by
2030 that is exactly the right way to
play
it that's the right way to play it he's
thinking past the
sale so he's making you think well it's
not a question of whether it's done I'm
giving you a deadline I'm telling you
when it's done and not saying if if it's
done because that's just a given I'll
just tell you when it's done so it's
good persuasion uh if it's true I don't
know if it's true but I also think this
is the only answer for Taiwan and Gaza
as well the correct way to do The
Impossibles is to say you got a
long-term plan now I always mock when I
when people say oh form a committee and
do a report that's just useless that's
useless but you could actually get
utility and I'm saying we have a
hundredy year plan to let's say unify
North and South Korea because nobody can
predict 100 years from now yeah and
you're not going to be held to it the
entire world would be different in 100
years but you can act you can act like
you have a goal so that lets you solve
it today at least psychologically solve
it today and it might even start
aligning your actions in that direction
and maybe something good will happen in
100 years but yeah the the I'll do
something you don't like but it's going
to take a long time is exactly the right
way to handle it so let's do more of
that uh there's some fake Joe Biden news
uh just so you can know that I don't
only call out fake news when it's uh
against Republicans this is something
that the right keeps doing uh and it
starts like this the the reporting is
that Biden says that his son was killed
in
Iraq you've heard that right you've
heard people say Biden says at this
event that his son died in
Iraq I don't think that's true I don't
think he's ever said that here's what he
has said and it's happening again today
he's being accused of doing that again
he said um I SP he was talking to the
one of the parents of the three who were
killed recently in in the Middle East
and he said uh my SP my son spent a year
in Iraq that's how I lost him that's a
true statement as far as we know he
spent a year in Iraq he was allegedly
exposed to some you know burn pits or
something then five years later he died
of a brain um cancer which you don't
know for sure but he has a he has a
suspicion or a strong indication that it
was his time in Iraq that caused him to
cancer now is that unfair to say my my
son spent a year in Iraq that's how I
lost him now it's ambiguous and you
could see how somebody would interpret
it as he died in
Iraq but I don't think that's such a big
stretch to say he he served his country
and because of that service he died
earlier than he needed to I'm going to
accept that I'm G to I'm going to accept
uh Biden's framing of his son's service
because I think that's that's just a
more honorable way to treat the topic if
if there's some other uh person who
served in Iraq and then got an injury
that killed them later I want to fully
respect that I'm not going to nippi and
you say well but you didn't die in Iraq
you know not 100% sure no way no way I
think you got to give the benefit of a
doubt to not only the the Fallen but the
you know the gold star parent in this
case I'm getting a lot of push back on
this you I I think everybody's
disagreeing with him I'm saying F him no
no no way all right I will accept your
disagreement so my my push back on this
is that um I feel it's insulting to the
veterans and it's not about
Biden I think Biden is actually treating
this closer to the way I would have
treated it which to say these two things
are
connected all right well we can agree to
disagree on this because it's very
subjective how you treat
respect and I will accept your
disagreement all right Frank Lun as you
know famous pulser um
says that it looks like Trump would win
unless there's a third- partyy uh entry
you know well even if Trump's going to
win if there's a third party basically
let me say that straighter but he also
said and made some news that Biden's the
weakest incumbent since Jimmy Carter
he's the weakest incumbent since Jimmy
Carter now what he didn't
specify is if he meant Jimmy Carter the
way he was when he was in cumbent or
Jimmy Carter the way he is right
now so I think Biden is weaker than
Jimmy
Carter right
now just saying all right
um the uh Libs of Tik Tock uh was
talking about a they have a scoop and
they got some internal documents from
Southwest Airlines that uh are trying to
double the racial diversity and increase
their gender diversity in other words
they're going to discriminate against
white men in
hiring now I saw Megan Kelly um re
repost of this so the libs of Tik Tock
Creator is um I believe an American
woman am I
correct and uh Megan Kelly is an
American
woman so the libs of Tik Tock American
woman who says it's a scoop the South
West Airlines is just ating against
white Ben and Megan Kelly wants to make
sure that people you know know this this
news and so she reposted it let me tell
you what's bothering me about
this you didn't know that this has been
the normal case for 30
years this is the normal case exactly
like this no different nothing's changed
for 30 years
for 30 years white men have been
overlooked for gender and racial
diversity purposes in a massive way in
every large company U every public
company now what's different is we have
some names for stuff and maybe they put
it in writing a little bit more but
whether or not whether it was in writing
or not it was exactly the same
policy in
1990s my boss called me in and you I've
told the story too many times and said
we can't promote you because you're
white and male and we've got to get our
diversity and our gender balance up and
then when I changed companies Pacific
Bell told me exactly the same
thing this is in the
90s nothing
changed
so the the thing that's blowing my mind
and I'm trying not to use the FW because
this is usually where I would use it a
lot to underscore that just how mind
blown I
am how did the libs of Tik Tok a very
well-informed person living in the
modern world and Megan Kelly extremely
well-informed person living in the
modern world do they not know that
nothing changed this is exactly what
it's been for 30 years let me tell you
what's
changed 30 years ago I would never would
have talked about this in
public 20 years ago
I never would have talked about this in
public it would have just been bad for
me 10 years ago I kind of mentioned it
didn't go
well didn't go well everybody said I was
lying or that I must be a uh black men
mostly said I was obviously a a mid what
do they call it like a midwit or
a they have some insulting word for
white people like a medium or average
what's the word something like a like an
average person or mid or something like
that um yeah mediocre I guess mediocre
so they tried to spin my story as really
I was lying and that the only reason a
white man would ever be overlooked in in
Corporate America is that they were
actually bad at their job but they were
spinning it to say it was some racial
thing there's not a single person in the
corporate world who thinks that true
none and then they asked me I remember
people in fact even just a year ago uh a
writer for the Chicago post was
challenging me to prove that there was
any such um
discrimination 30 years ago when I was
experiencing it and he said he wanted
like a witness and at first I thought
huh you know they're private people and
I know their names I don't know how to
find them you know my bosses I don't
know if they're alive that sort of thing
but then I thought I'm not going to play
your game I'm not going to play your can
you give me one witness so instead
here's the f word it's coming I can't I
can't stop it and so
instead how about you just walk out in
the street see any adult male white male
who's 50 or older and you say excuse me
uh have you ever worked at a big company
well yes I have have you seen that
massive discrimination against white
men what do you think he what do you
think he's going to say do you think you
could find one person who would say no I
don't think so I don't think you could
find one anywhere in America who had
corporate experience who would say no
that doesn't happen you might find
somebody who said it didn't happen to
them that could you totally fine but you
won't find anybody who doesn't say yeah
it's massive it's been there for 30
years it's no different different than a
evered every single one so why is it
that there are millions tens of millions
of
witnesses and most of the world doesn't
know it Megan Kelly you know I don't
want to read her mind she may may have
been fully aware of this
forever kind of unfair of me to imagine
they didn't know it but the way the way
it was posted it was like here's some
new information about this one company
doing something unusual no Southwest is
every company all the time for 30 years
every company all the time for 30 years
and if you're just waking up to
that let me do a call back to Dr Drew
and Elon Musk if you're just
figuring that out you have been asleep
for 30 years 30 years
you've been asleep and it's time you
wake the up so that's what I'm here
for to wake up the
sleeping um
Jonathan Turley and others have reported
that the uh young gentleman who had some
sex in that Congressional room will not
be charged because there's no particular
crime um and uh you know when the two
guys had sex
there um the only thing I have to say
about it
is you know what they say about
Congress nobody wants to see how the
sausage is made
okay next story uh the US plans to uh
Target multi-day strikes in Iraq and
Syria against multiple targets including
Iranian personnel and facilities and
blah blah blah and then Lloyd Austin
says that they will act I'm paraphrasing
at the time of their choice the targets
of their choice you know wherever they
choose so our our take is that we will
be um generic and we'll say you know
watch out we're going to get you but
they also said um I also saw a report
that said you know Iran can't completely
control its
proxies so we're going to bomb the
proxies but you we can't be 100% sure
that Iran told them to do these things
they just provided all the weapons to do
exactly this so that's a crazy thing to
say but let me give some persuasion
advice or maybe it's just a question for
Lloyd Austin I think he needs it compare
these two
approaches number one uh we will attack
something unnamed at an unnamed time in
an unnamed
way and then there are people all over
the region who say I suppose it could be
us but probably not there's so many of
us got proxies all over the place
and I'm not really connecting it to what
happened like we're just minding our
business over here and something
happened somewhere else somebody else
did it and now you're going to bomb us
it's sort of you know it's a little
generic let me tell you what Trump has
done and probably would do and what I
would do and I believe this is better
persuasion do you remember when um Trump
tells us that he was talking to Putin
and he said if you do whatever it was
was it invade Ukraine I forget what it
was he said I'm going to take out
Moscow and then Trump you know laughs at
it he goes only a 10% chance he believed
that but that's all I needed you know
which always makes me laugh because he
tells you exactly what he's doing like
in public I'm just I just want to give
him a 10% chance it's going to happen
which is just blows my mind that he says
that in public and it is exactly what
he's
doing well this isn't uh now I don't
don't think we should nuke Moscow so
that was just a bluff but here's what I
would do I would do what I call the menu
approach the menu approach and here's
why I think it's superior but maybe
they've tried it before and somebody has
better information all right if you say
I'm generically going to do a thing at
my time in a generic place in time it
just it doesn't have that
fear specific tip fortat cause and
effect element to it the only way it
does that is through your talking about
it later well you see the thing we did
over here is conceptually attached to
the thing over
here it's not enough to really change
anything compare that to this hey Iran
here's a menu at the top of the menu is
the thing we're going to destroy first
if you do X and let's say x is send
another missile from the hoodies or
allow the hoodies to send another vessel
at a ship so you might say at the top of
the list the first time another missile
comes from the hoodies we're going to
take out your tanker and here's the name
of the
tanker and then you do it then you do it
and then you say next on the list and
you can see the whole list right so it's
all published in advance next on the
list is um this this Hezbollah camp or
whatever you know maybe it's an
important one
and then you take it down now you might
say but Scott they'd have time to move
the tanker and they'd have time to you
know reinforce the camp and stuff like
that yes doesn't matter here's what
you're doing what you're doing is you're
creating a
proponent within the
Iranian uh constellation so going back
to my example if you say if you if you
hit what any ship in the in the U in the
area we're going to take out this
specific tanker there's a person who
owns that tanker or
entity that entity immediately becomes
the uh the the Persuader within Iran to
cut it
out whoever could own a
tanker whether it's an entity or person
or a company or whatever it is or just
somebody in charge they don't even have
to own it they just have to be in charge
of it the first thing they're going to
do is call up somebody they know in the
administration and say are you freaking
kidding me my tanker is on the top of
your list whatever you do like I'm on
your side and you're going to let them
take out my tanker because you're going
to let the hoodies send a the stupid
missile in what are you gaining by that
stop it I don't want to lose my tanker
and then let's say a few tankers go and
then the next thing on the list is car
Island now car island is where ran you
know primary energy infrastructure
exists if you take that out r a business
but if it's Fourth on the list and you
took out the first
three I think Iran just does anything
you want after that
point but if every time a Rand does
something you do a a a surprise thing to
a proxy somewhere and you killed a few
people or maybe you didn't or maybe they
moved or you're not even sure how does
that get you
anything so compare the menu to the will
strike when you don't expect it I think
the menu gets you there faster but you
got to start with some things you're
really going to do because car Island
might be something you really really
don't want to do because that's you know
that's all that war but you put it
fourth on the list and you do the first
three and Iran is going to be okay they
really mean they're going to take it on
car Island and and we would maybe maybe
we would take
that all right so that's a persuasion
advice uh apparently Iran's going to
begin construction on four more nuclear
power plants
what Iran can build nuclear power plants
and I'm talking about the technical
knowhow and the ability to get it
improved approved and we can't in this
country so the United States can't
figure out how to build these and they
got
four
God all right uh I'm going to remind you
again that the uh
cyber the Cyber uh mutually assured
destruction that at least we have with
China where China basically has
infiltrated all our systems they can
take the whole country down anytime they
want we could probably do the same thing
to them with cyber stuff so I think that
makes the odds of a nuclear war with
China basically
zero because you would do the Cyber
thing first if you were going to do
something
extreme so and that would get you know
that would sort of make nuclear war
unnecessary I think it's enough of a
threat uh but Iran May might not have
the same cyber capabilities so maybe a
nuclear bomb if they could get one might
still be on the table in their specific
case which is uh
dangerous all right
um so Biden is decided to sanction some
Israeli uh people who were doing
terrible things in the settlements so
they were doing some crimes against the
Palestinian in the area now I'm not
going to you know obviously I'm not
going to endorse their crimes you don't
you don't know what need to know what
they are but they were pretty bad um but
Biden's decided to sanction these Israel
citizens for some crimes they did in the
West Bank I guess
how does that make sense private
citizens doing
crimes uh do it do we police other
countries all the time why in the world
are we involved in an individual crime
in another
country can anybody explain that there's
something to this story I completely
don't understand why in the world would
we get involved at that
level I'm not you know certainly not
defending whatever these guys did but
America has to do that that's crazy
there's something missing in the
story um and then I guess the IDF
israeli's military took out a Belgium
building uh that was still standing in
Gaza because Belgium apparently is one
of the countries that refused to cut
funding to
unua the group that is in the United
Nations and gives support to the
Palestinians historically so do you
think that's a coincidence that Belgium
decided not to back Israel and then
Belgium's building just
disappeared it actually could be a
coincidence because 60% of Gaza is being
destroyed so I don't think they care too
much what building it is I think they'll
all be destroyed
eventually um is that a fair Target do
you think if Belgium was still paying
money to unra which we know now was
involved in the planning of the uh
October 7th do you think they're a fair
Target they're building not the people I
say
yes oh it's it's a
enra is that the correct pronunciation
enra that might be
it I'd say it's a fair Target uh because
it's an economic Target if there were
people there I'd say absolutely not but
but as an asset
sure
um here's a a fake poll so you can learn
to spot fake polls the
AP uh which nobody trusts if you're
paying attention you know that it's sort
of a they're very Democrat leading let's
say so here's what they they
report uh they report that half of us
adults say Israel has gone too far in
their war in Gaza so that's an AP n orc
poll half of you adults say Israel has
gone too far do you immediately see what
the problem with the pole is before I
even tell you what the answer is do you
see the problem let me tell you if you
ask the question that way has Israel
gone too far your human brain goes
immediately to all the people dying at
the moment in Gaza and your natural
human reaction is oh my God that's too
far because nobody presented the the
alternative path you're just asking if
this one thing seems like much and of
course it does if you weren't if you
weren't considering any history or
predicting what would happen if they
didn't do these things uh if you just
said does it seem too far anybody who's
a human being could predict you get a
lot of people saying it's too
far so that's the way the aps it so
that's how you you rig a pole to get
answer that pushes the news the way you
want to push it so they seem to be
pushing the news to think that Israel
needs to slow down and you know that
would be consistent with what the
Democrats are saying right
now now how could they have asked the
question to get a different answer from
the same
people well this is you know a fake
example but just to give you a feel for
what they could have done uh suppose
they had said
this um
uh imagine instead that I ask you to
predict what happens to Israel later if
it stops fighting and returns Gaza to
its prior situation so suppose the
question was this uh if
Israel uh stops fighting and returns G
Gaza to what it was what would happen to
Israel in the long
run right if you ask that question
you've automatically put the the
benefits and the on the table at the
same time if you say have they gone too
far your brain is biased toward just the
cost you're like oh yeah I'm a human
being I don't like killing too far if I
say tell me the two paths One path is
they keep going hard at Gaza and then
dominate it and control it totally and
then the other is they just sort of hit
them hard put them back to where they
were tell me what what you think happens
if they put it back
together now is anybody going to say oh
I think they'll all learn to live in
peace because after being brutalized for
you know a year they're not any angrier
than
before like who in the world could even
have that opinion of course they'll be
angrier of course they're more
radicalized of course they are you can't
just put it back together like it was
whatever it is it's not going to be like
it was that's the one thing that's not
going to
happen so learn learn how to find these
fake polls now is
Scott um outside of his area of
expertise is Scott talking about polling
in a way that he does not
understand yes but I will tell you where
I get it um I had a friend who was a
pollster uh I still think he's a friend
he doesn't love Trump so it could be
different on any given day but a long
time ago he taught me because he was in
the business of forming um poll
questions it was his job to actually
write the exact question and he would
tell me how easily you could do it wrong
if you didn't know the science of how to
write it right that it's really hard to
write a question that doesn't bias the
the answer in a way you don't want to
bias them and when I look at the AP
thing to me that looks like somebody who
knew what they were doing and knew it
would bias the answer and chose to do it
now that would be mind reading and
speculation and so I can't allege that
that's true I just say it looks like it
I can't imagine a professional pollster
not knowing what this would do so this
morning I asked a professional pollster
do you see this too and the professional
pulser who should remain anonymous said
oh yeah
definitely yeah so if you ask somebody
not me somebody who actually knows this
field they'll they'll back me up
so if you know anybody asking this
question you know show them this one and
say is this one of those polls where
you're trying to force the result just
ask you you'll be
surprised and then I take you back to Dr
Drew and Elon Musk that all the
information is biased but all the
polling is too now that doesn't mean
it's all wrong but you should assume
that every poller has a preferred set of
questions that they're comfortable
asking and a set of questions that that
particular pollster would never ask
right uh it's it's helpful if you're
looking at polls that are showing both
sides you maybe you can triangulate you
also want to look at who's got a good
track record all right does quinac have
a good track record of presidential
polling for example you tell
me quinac because quinac had a different
result than the other pollsters
recently
Quinn AAC I'm seeing yeses and NOS which
means that it's not generally known if
it's say um if their accuracy has been
good in the
past some say they've been
good others don't know some say not I
don't know I haven't looked it up
but if you see a poll result on a
presidential election and you don't know
their historical
um record you don't know anything you
got to know
that all right um and that ladies and
gentlemen concludes oh way too long I've
gone over my limits I'm going to say
goodbye to the platforms of X and Rumble
and YouTube thanks for joining if you
were on the locals platform I would see
your comments first and I'm going to
give them a little extra time as I
always do so if you want to join the
locals people they get to see a little
extra bye for now thanks for joining
I'll see you tomorrow
morning