bum you and you and you come in here
grab your beverage oh I see you already
have your beverage some of you some of
you just getting up and running for it
right now quick quick grab your
beverage do you know what one of my
favorite words in the world beverage do
you know why beverage is one of those
words that nobody
dislikes nobody says I think I'll never
have another beverage nobody ever says
that you can think of almost anything in
the world that some people like and some
people don't like but Everyone likes a
beverage different beverages but they
like their beverages so grab your
beverage grab your cup your mug your
glass your chalice your Stein your
container your thermos fill it with your
favorite liquid I like coffee and join
me for the simultaneous
zp oh yeah well I'd like to start today
with a lesson on face
reading now in the news you've
noticed that there are apparently some
people who are excellent face readers
they can look at faces and they can tell
the uh complicated internal thoughts
associated with the face so I'm going to
give you some uh different
faces uh starring my uh my capable
partner Dale so Dale will come on here
in a moment and give you some faces and
I want to see if you can read them all
right face number one what is Dale
thinking okay do you have
it what was Dale thinking read the face
if you didn't see it the first time here
it is
all right the answer is Donald
Trump is
terrible he's very orange and orange man
bad did you get that how many got it
right did everybody get that right all
right so let us go back a few
years and think about a a prediction
that I made a few years ago when Donald
Trump came on the scene and I was just
starting to write about this topic I
predicted loudly and multiple times and
in public that Trump would change more
than
politics I said that he would change how
we understood
reality
yeah sounded weird when I first said it
didn't it everybody who heard me say
that or
RIT probably said to themselves yeah
yeah yeah Donald Trump is going to
change reality Scott no no I don't think
so I think he might run for president
and obviously he's not going to win but
I'll tell you one thing he's not going
to do he's not going to change how we
see
reality that's not going to
happen and here we are how much has your
understanding of
reality changed in three years here are
some things that I think are at least
partly my
influence have you seen how many people
are talking seriously now about the two
movies on one screen phenomenon now they
use different analogies and different
words but did you really ever see that
maybe you've ever seen it but but did
you did you notice people talking about
that commonly prior to Trump you did not
you did not it is now commonplace to
look at uh Yanni and Laurel or to look
at this situation with the Covington
kids or to look at Mueller and Russia
and I could probably come up with 10
more examples but it is now common for
people to understand they can look at
exactly the same stuff and and have a
different opinion it is now common for
people to use the phrases confirmation
bias and cognitive distance now of
course those phrases were always around
and you always heard them once in a
while but it's now the routine way that
people explain their
reality that's all
new um how many times are you seeing
people say that the facts just don't
matter how many people have now realized
realized that AOC as you call her and
rpos as I call her is another one of
these how many people have now realized
oh crap she's just female Trump and
she's a Democrat she's using the same
technique how many of you now can see
clearly that Cala Harris has been chosen
by who ever is doing the choosing the
few billionaires who do this sort of
thing and that the media entities are
lining up behind her and that the public
will imagine they chose her for their
candidate but that nothing like that is
happening that in fact our opinions are
being assigned to us in this case us as
the
Democrats and you can see it now right
in a way that you could never really see
it before because before you always had
another reason oh Hillary's good at uh
fundraising Hillary put in the time you
know there was always a reason why you
thought the candidate was the candidate
but this one's really clear isn't it
this time you can see CNN and the New
York Times Etc I tweeted a few things
from Michael try showing showing this
effect but you can see it really clearly
now can't you and you couldn't see that
a few years ago so your ability to
understand your reality is now far
different far different than it was 3
years ago this is one of the biggest
shifts in human
consciousness of all time the fact that
facts don't matter because we see them
differently your fact and my fact just
don't line
up um and the fact that reality is as
subjective as it is and the fact that
this entire thing we call the Republic
is absolutely artificial that the real
decisions are made somewhere and they're
assigned to the people and then the
people imagine they made those
decisions that is
unfortunately the universe you live in
let's talk about some more fun
things um how many of you are now seeing
references to mind
reading the the effect where you think
you can see somebody's face just as I
was talking about and then you can
imagine what what they're thinking how
many times have you seen
that something that I I think I
introduced you to most of you and now
you can see it everywhere can't you try
turning on any news story or or any news
um Channel whether it's fox or CNN or
MSNBC and watch how many times people
will imagine they could read somebody
else's inner
thoughts once you notice it you real
realiz that that's a big driver of why
we're living in different movies it's
the illusion that we can understand what
people are thinking by looking at their
actions we can't now um some of you may
have noticed that CNN um I don't know
what she would be called CNN analyst
maybe Kristen Powers uh got into it with
me on
Twitter because I made the statement
that there was confirmation involved in
people's initial reaction to the
Covington boys and especially the one
with the smirk on his
face and Kristen Powers uh came in and
said how do I know that she or people
have the same opinion are the ones with
a confirmation bias how do I know that
I'm not the one with a confirmation bias
fair
question fair question and I would like
to answer that for you so let's say that
you and someone else have completely
different
worldviews and you trying to figure out
wait why am I looking at this and I'm
seeing one movie you're seeing another
movie yet we're standing seemingly in
the same reality which of our movies is
the right one which is the wrong one and
how do you decide I'll give you a couple
of um ways now the first rule is that
you can't know for sure all right so
rule number one you can't know for sure
so I could be the one experiencing
confirmation bias in this
example um but I'll give you a couple of
clues for figuring out uh which one is
likely to be the one who is closer to
reality number one I on this exact
situation the Covington boy situation I
have experienced both movies so I've
lived in the world where I looked at him
and said it's obvious it's obvious what
that smirk means
it's obvious they're surrounding this
poor Native American guy it's obvious
that they have bad intentions it's
obvious I've lived in that world for
about about a
day and then when I saw the larger
context I moved instantly from that
world to a whole different reality in
which none of that none of what I first
saw is either true or at least is not
confirmed by anything that we
saw so if you've lived in both realities
you probably have a little bit of an
advantage seeing past your confirmation
bias because real confirmation bias the
kind that you're locked into you just
can't get out of but you saw me
effortlessly I mean l literally
effortlessly switch realities right in
front of you now you saw a number of
other people do it too cuz people were
issuing their apologies Etc so I would
say the first rule is and this one is
not like a 100% confirmation kind of
rule but it's a good hint that if
somebody has lived in two realities on
the same topic they're probably a little
bit advantaged in in recognizing their
own confirmation bias but not guaranteed
number two here's the second way you can
sort out which of you is experiencing
the confirmation bias
prediction you've heard me say this many
times if your view of the world predicts
accurately you probably have the better
view in this case let me give you an
example I had told you on an earlier
Periscope that soon after the the
Covington kids thing happened and soon
after we got the new video that showed
the the Two Worlds and I and I switched
worlds um I was exposed to two
photos that alleged that these kids were
terrible kids and I made a prediction
now I did it privately uh so you know I
can't demonstrate that I really did that
for you well no I think I did it
publicly I take it back I think I told
you publicly that there were some things
coming out that I couldn't even describe
at the time I didn't want to give them
oxygen but that I I believe they were
fake I think I said that publicly on
Periscope so that was a
prediction one of the things I said was
the fake was the picture of the kids in
blackface
allegedly allegedly in blackface at a
basketball game now the picture showed
the coach literally right next to a kid
who was alleged to be in
blackface and I
said not likely to be true so unlikely
that it's it's beyond belief so here's
another tell here's another tell if the
thing you're looking at is unbelievable
by its nature
it's probably not
true here's what would be
unbelievable a Catholic
School in the year 2019 or maybe the you
know even if you imagine the picture was
taken in the last few years but modern
day a Catholic school with all kinds of
adults and chaperons and coaches allowed
children to wear racist blackface
costumes to a public event at a school
that wasn't even slightly believable all
right so one of the ways you could tell
you're in confirmation bias is if you
believe the unbelievable so if somebody
said hey I saw a unicorn flying by my
window if you believe that based on all
of the other evidence you had that
unicorns can fly you should ask yourself
wait a minute wait a minute step back if
somebody told me a unicorn flew B my
window on the surface would you believe
it I mean sometimes we can be surprised
by amazing things but not a unicorn
flying past my window to me the idea
that these kids would be allowed to
dress in racist blackface in the modern
day in front of a bunch of adults at a
Catholic school at a Catholic school for
God's sakes right that is a flying
unicorn story so if you're not in
confirmation bias it's kind of obvious
that that wasn't real now I had to wait
a few days to find out specifically why
it wasn't real and it turns out that
this school has a a deal where they all
the kids dress in the same color and
it's a different color on different days
they've done the white day the blue day
you know the nerd day so they have
themes that they all dress up at this
one just was the color black
and there was at least one kid who
colored his entire body as I'm sure
there was at least one kid who made
himself entirely blue one day so was it
a good idea for that one kid to put his
entire body in the color that they were
all celebrating that day well no but
that's still a flying unicorn if you
imagine he meant it as a racist
statement
now the second picture was the uh
allegedly the kids in basketball
uniforms making a white power sign now
I'm not going to do that I was this is
me being a little bit more experienced
in the media I'm not going to make the
sign because if I did then I give
photoshopped all over the internet but I
said to myself huh it does look like
there are a bunch of uh kids making the
racist symbol with their hand but my
my movie predicted that it was fake so I
told you there are a couple things
coming out that I think are fake the
moment I saw them I said I believe these
are fake I don't know exactly why but
these seem obviously fake to me first
impression a prediction right now it
turns out that the sign that they were
making with their hands was a sign that
uh all professional basketball players
make when there's a three-point uh play
so if if somebody makes a long basket if
you're not a basketball player from a
certain distance you get three points so
when somebody makes it the the people on
the bench as exactly what this picture
was showing the the kids who were not in
the game raised their hands and they
made the three-point play symbol which
looks a lot like the the racist symbol
now my my movie predicted that those two
pictures were fakes
someone else's movie the person that I
first saw them from predicted that they
were a bunch of racists doing over
racist things right in public and right
in front of their handlers and that that
was somehow okay with them all and from
that point of view her prediction
was that both of these pictures were
also true and that we had discovered
this pocket of overt racist behavior in
a Catholic School turns out that was
exactly wrong all right so
prediction is the your strongest sign
that you you in the right movie or the
wrong movie and the ability to move from
one to the other um or somebody saying
that the hand signal is a 4chan hoax um
so I I'll add that clarification that
it's not at all clear that there's any
such thing as a as a as a racist hand
signal so that might not exist but I'm
sure that there your racists who have
probably tried it out just because they
heard it was a hoax and so I'm sure
somewhere in the world somebody's made
that hand signal in the racist
way all right
um
next uh you saw the president's tweet he
says his new slogan is uh build the wall
and crime will fall so people were
having fun with that now if you don't
know uh there is science about Rhymes
when Johnny Cochran was uh handling the
OJ trial he said if the glove doesn't
fit you must
acquit there are there are a few
different pieces of magic in that slogan
the first magic that Johnny Cochran who
was a persuasion genius uh one of the
things was he knew that rhymes register
in our minds as more important and more
true so anything in a
rhyme irrationally registers as a little
bit more true than something that didn't
rhyme there's no reason for it no reason
for it at all but it's a truth you know
we can we can demonstrate that so when
Cochran said if the glove doesn't fit
you must acquit he rhymed it and it was
clever here's what Elsa did what Elsa
did was it took this big complicated
trial where the you could depend on the
jury for getting 90% of everything they
heard which is typical by the way if if
people are presented with a big
complicated PowerPoint presentation or a
trial they actually sort of forget 90%
of
it so Cochran did this clever trick
where by using the rhyme he made us give
more Focus to the thing that was best
for their side
that's my cat boo um and so so it was
brilliant the rhyme was brilliant CU
Rhymes are good but the rhyme also
focused you on the one part of the case
that was the strongest for the defense
and it was also visual what have I told
you about visual stuff if you say to
yourself um the timeline doesn't you
know work out that's a concept you're
just imagining time which is hard to
imagine but if you imagine OJ trying to
put on this glove that's visual so
Johnny Cochran had the visual he had the
rhyme and he took all the focus from the
things that were hard to imagine the
concepts and put them in this little
visual rhyme perfect perfect persuasion
it was so strong it got a probably got a
murderer off I mean That's How Strong
the persuasion was President Trump has
borrowed from a well-known persuasion
technique to put it in the form of a
rhyme it will make you focus on the
crime and even if you say to
yourself there isn't that much crime or
even if you say to yourself they're not
bringing more crime as a ratio and even
if you right about all that stuff it
will still make you focus on it and what
you focus on is what your brain will
irrationally imagine is more important
and more true so the presidents build a
wall and crime will fall um
would have been brilliant had he done
this earlier
on arguably the fact that he's doing it
now might work against him because the
word wall has become the biggest problem
now it could be that he's decided that
they're not going to give
him anything so it doesn't matter what
he says I don't think he's thought that
you know my my guess is he's still
pushing hard I can't read his mind but
um at this point I think you'd have to
ask yourself is use of the word wall
helping or hurting I would say it's
unambiguously hurting at this point so
he's got this great rhyme which under
normal situation let's say he started
saying this two years ago it would have
been super it would have been really
solid but saying it now when the word
wall is the only thing that's keeping us
from getting this
done that's kind of a uh that's it's
tough to score this one because it's got
some plus and it's got some minus now in
his in the president's defense I would
say that um the public I would say the
public has largely started to think
about the wall as being a word that
describes a variety of different
solutions for a border
barrier but still using the wall by
itself without that larger
explanation yeah all right let's go to
the Whiteboard I've got a couple of
Concepts I've talked about before but I
want to give them a little more
love here's one of the reasons that we
cannot agree on anything it's one of the
one of the biggest reasons behind why
we're looking at the same information
and coming to different worlds and I'm
using this example of a well I call it
the self-research well and the illusion
that this talks about is the illusion
that a person can do their own research
and get an answer that's closer to the
truth I might be the only person who has
ever told you this and it might be the
thing that you disagree with me the
hardest but over time you're going to
see this over and over and it's going to
sink in and someday in the future you're
going to say to yourself damn it that
cartoonist guy was right about this
until you see it you can't see it so
it's invisible until you see it for the
first time and then you'll see it
everywhere and it goes like this it
doesn't matter what the topic is if it's
complicated and people are disagreeing
it's going to look like what I'm going
to describe doesn't matter if it's
climate uh science debate doesn't matter
if it's the Covington kids are they good
or are they evil it doesn't matter if
it's um if it's gun control it doesn't
matter if it's border control it doesn't
matter if it's almost anything all all
of the big agreements where we're living
in two different worlds follow this
pattern and it goes like this you start
down the well of trying to research it
yourself and let's say the first thing
you do is you talk to an expert and in
this context I'm going to say the
experts on one side of the debate and
the skeptic is on the other again it
doesn't matter what topic there's always
two sides let's call it the expert and
the
skeptic the expert will say this is true
and you say to yourself wow that sounds
very convincing by itself it's pretty
convincing but what do other people say
so you keep researching it and you find
a skeptic and you see that the skeptic's
argument is pretty good by itself but
you don't know what the expert's
response to the skeptic is so you keep
going and you find and you find that the
expert has a good explanation for what
the skeptic said and then you say but is
that true and you go back to the skeptic
and you say but what about what the
expert said about what the skeptic said
about what the experts said and that
sounds pretty good too and at some point
in every situation you get to a
place where one or one of these two
things is true as you go down the well
from expert skeptic expert skeptic
looking at the point Counterpoint Point
Counterpoint you will always get to this
point in which you reach things you
can't understand let's say science
things or you know uh economics just
something you don't
understand or things you can't check and
you don't have any way to
check
always if you're watching the climate
debate that I've been hosting on my
Twitter feed you you're watching this
happen in real time you're watching the
claim counter claim claim counter claim
and
always always it ends up at the bottom
of the well sometimes the well is tall
sometimes the well is short but has a
bottom and then the
bottom is something you can't understand
or you can't check or both
right once you reach this
point um somebody says you're
projecting um I'll get to you in a
moment the person who says I'm
projecting um your time will
come hold tight I'm getting to you so
what do you do if if you're a human
being with a human mind and and you
continually encounter this scenario what
you do if you're completely
normal is you default to one of these
levels that agreed with wherever you are
already leaning so if you are leaning
toward the Skeptics one at some point
you're going to stop researching at one
of the skepticals at one of the skeptic
levels if you believe the expert in the
beginning before you even went into the
well you're very likely to end up
wherever the last argument was that the
expert made a good point so
your your uh your illusion is that
there's something called doing your own
research and that if you do that you
will go down the well until you found
something like the
truth that's not a
thing if the the next thing you need to
understand about reality is that reality
hides from us all things that are beyond
our level to understand things we can't
understand let's say it's too scientific
it's not a field we work in or things
that we just will never have a way to
check and this is what keeps us from
ever knowing the reality of anything
because we have this illusion that we
can do this thing called doing our own
research it's just not a thing it's
something we imagine as a
thing now almost all of you should be
disagreeing with me at this point all
right I would expect that nearly all of
you are thinking yeah that certainly
applies to other
people almost all of you are thinking
that's not true I can tell the truth
when I see it so if I see an argument
that's solid I can identify that that's
what most of your thinking
right watch for this watch how often you
go down the well and you can see that
the last person you talk to is very
convincing until there's something you
just can't check or can't
understand um that was called pacing and
leading not mind reading once you learn
the difference between those two
things yeah you will come out ahead all
right
now I'm going to change to a slightly
different
topic the how would you
determine how would you determine the
truth or the nontruth of the question do
97% of scientists agree that climate
science is a big problem CO2 is driving
it all or driving most of it and that
we're all in big trouble
many of you have said that's not true
it's not
97% um recently I saw Tony heler um
present a graph that showed closer to
50% of Meteorological Society people
agreed with the consensus on climate
change so do you say to yourself wait a
minute well there's a study where only
50% agreed with this climate consensus
but then you you look into what's the
definition of being in the
Meteorological Society it turns out you
could be a student you just have to be
interested in meteorological stuff so
the fact that a bunch of people who are
simply weather people and students and
some scientists had some percentage of
belief in something didn't mean anything
it had it had no no meaning whatsoever
so here's the question or maybe the
challenge how could you ask the question
correctly and do a proper poll of the
proper people meaning really just
climate scientists people who work in
the field and are close enough to have a
a legitimate opinion suppose you could
do a poll what would be the question you
would ask because if you ask the wrong
question you're going to get the wrong
answer and if you say do you think
CO2 is increasing warming in the planet
you probably get something close to 97%
I think so if you ask is is it true that
CO2 has an impact on warmth probably 97%
would say yes to that because a lot of
the Skeptics probably the majority of
the Skeptics believe that's true to a
point but here's the question all right
here's the question um suppose you ask
the question this way is helping the
poor directly more important than
slowing the the uh the climate change
now this is the bad version of the
question that the idea here is if you
had a trillion dollars to
spend you Mr climate scientist hey
climate scientist you personally if you
were the boss of the world and you had a
trillion dollars to spend you didn't
have two trillion and you'll never have
two trillion but you got a trillion
would it be better in your opinion to
spend it directly helping the poor the
people who are literally going to die in
the next few years for lack of resources
money health care and food just directly
helping them or let's say indirectly
helping them by keeping the the economy
humming which tends to to lift people uh
the rate of I guess the rate of
desperate poor has gone from 30 some per
to down to 9% lately because of
capitalism so do you do you take your
trillion and keep the capitalism running
to take that 9% down to closer to zero
Mr scientist or would you take that same
trillion
you know whether it's in opportunity
cost or actual expense to really make a
strong push right now to to lower the
risk of climate disaster which would you
do with your trillion dollars do you
think you could get 97% of scientists to
say yes it's very clear that for the
benefit of all people even including the
desperately poor that the very best
thing we could do I'm very sure is to to
put all of her money uh in the climate
science bag what percentage of people
would say that that's an unambiguously
Clear Choice would it be
97% well I don't know I would hope that
half of the scientists would say you
know I can only talk about the science
I'm not really an economist and I think
you can say some things about the
science but I don't know you can
necessarily be as confident about uh
where to put your money and you know the
future and the the the economic outcome
80 80 years from now my assumption would
be and this is what I'd be looking to
check is that if you ask the question
correctly and the only question that
matters is not does co2 warm the
environment because everybody's sort of
on that page you know they they differ
about how much and how much it matters
but we certainly all agree even the
Skeptics that all things being equal a
little extra CO2 is is probably going to
raise your temperature a little bit at
least so so at least that much we all
agree on
um so that's the first thing I'd want to
know is is if he ask it in terms of
economics which is the important you
know ultimate outcome of this what would
these scientists say here's another
thought I had if you trying to find the
scientists who were the least biased by
money how would you identify them how
would you identify someone who's working
in the field of climate science knows
enough they're close enough to it and
they have reasonably current
information and they're unbiased well I
would argue that The Closer a scientist
is to retirement let's say this is the
retirement line the closer they get the
greater their
bias and I say that because the the last
say five or 10 years of your productive
career are when you earn the most and
you're probably locked in the most you
know to your prior opinions you're least
likely to change in the years when
you're making your Peak income and you
have your Peak reputation and you're
you're locked into your old point of
view but at the moment of retirement you
still know as much as you knew you know
the moment before retirement so your
your knowledge is very similar the
moment you retire versus the M the
moment uh before
these people however have no Financial
incentive anymore they already made
their money they're living off their
their Investments or the retirement plan
or whatever I'd love to see a poll that
showed the people 10 years before
retirement and the people 10 years is
probably too long cuz the way
information changes but maybe 5 years 5
years before and 5 years after show me
that do they have the same opinion
because if there's a difference and it's
consistent you know may maybe you're
starting to see at least a suggestion of
how big the money bias part is so I
would be interested in that by itself it
would not conclude anything but I think
it would be uh somebody says people uh
don't change well here's the thing I've
noticed and maybe you've noticed that
the if you look at the Skeptics climate
Skeptics
um you would notice that there seem to
be a lot of retired climate
Skeptics and I wonder if that's a
coincidence is it because they're older
people and they're you know not as
they're not as uh tapped in anymore
could it be that they're just older and
that explains why they don't agree with
the people who are you know working in
the field currently maybe could be part
of the question but it's starts to look
like a coincidence to me that people who
are retired and no longer have any
monetary incentive are slightly more
likely anecdotally just anecdotally so
that's why you'd want to test it but my
impression is that retired scientists
are more likely to be Skeptics I'd like
to I'd like to measure that measure
that all
right I would like to
also see um I'd like to see the
difference in opinion
with people who know the most about it
so within the climate science Community
surely there are huge differences
between the people who know the most and
the people who know the least even if
they're all in the same same field
probably a gigantic difference wouldn't
you imagine the person who's been in the
field for a few years and maybe worked
on one one little corner of the field
versus someone who has a sweeping you
know broad experience and is this
smartest person in the field what
wouldn't you like to see the smartest
people and see if they have the same
opinion as the people who just entered
the field that would tell you something
right I mean at least it would be a hint
of where to look next for getting to the
truth all right
um how do we deal with the
well so the way to deal with it is to
understand um understand its
nature if you understand its nature and
then you start to notice it in other
Realms then you can more easily police
your your own confirmation bias if you
know that you're going down the well and
you and you start noticing that wait a
minute the last person I talk to is
always convincing and they're on
different sides so really it's really
just about the last person you talk to
that's all that's happening here and I
seem to always agree with what I started
with surprisingly before I went down the
well the well I was biased in One
Direction surprise surprise After All
This research in my head I came to the
same opinion I wanted to come to all
right if that's happening to you you're
probably in uh you're probably in the
confirmation
bias Scott do you have biological
children not that I know
of uh that's the answer um older people
have more skill being diplomatic well I
don't know that that's been
proven but let me summarize a few things
here so we're seeing people realizing
that they don't have the power of
reading Minds this Covington kids thing
has really brought that to the four so
we realize we can't read minds and we
all think we can that is an enormous
tear in the fabric of reality the
reality you you used to think you lived
in where people could look at faces and
know what they were thinking or they
could look at somebody's action and
knowing what they were thinking it's now
beginning to to
feel
absurd it's beginning to feel absurd
when you see somebody pretend they can
read a stranger's mind it didn't used to
look like that even one year ago you
would not have thought it absurd to see
a pundit on TV saying well the president
is thinking this or that or he's his
secret thoughts are this or that right
now it's starting to look absurd because
you can you can understand the world a
little bit better secondly you also
understand that when somebody is seeing
a completely different world than you
are looking at the same facts but seeing
a completely different
movie you no longer think
necessarily that they're stupid
most of you probably still do I would
say still the dominant thought is that
if somebody is seeing something you're
not seeing they must be stupid or evil
or they're pretending or it's just
political but now you're seeing more and
more people say wait a minute they might
actually believe what they're seeing and
they're not they don't have low low IQs
and if you're watching other people
believe what they see and be completely
wrong as far as you can tell and also
being smart people who who normally
would not be so wrong it starts to tell
you maybe your view of the world in some
cases in some cases needs a little fact
checking and the way you can check your
version of the world is by predicting
all right so here are the predictions
that I've made so you can get a you can
get a uh an understanding of this I've
predicted that
president Trump's um skill persuasion
would make him president when few people
thought that was the case the the other
view of the president was he was a crazy
old clown with no chance I said no he's
a clever Persuader who has way more game
than anybody sees coming and then I made
a prediction therefore he will be
president chew it off I made a similar
prediction with
AOC if you you can remember right out of
the gate there were people like me Mike
cerovich who has essentially the same
skill set that I have and from our
perspective with the same skill set
about persuasion the moment we saw her
act we said uhoh here it comes so Mike
cernovich and I made
predictions that this was not this is
not a flash in the pan it's not a a
weird little news story that's going to
go away that AOC who I call
rpos was going to make a big splash and
now you see that the prediction is
correct you see that her her social
media impact is bigger than anybody's
you see that the entire party has to
respond to her even if they're not
responding to
her
um all right so that's a prediction I
have been predicting that the uh Russia
collusion story
was not um was not real and it was based
on confirmation bias and and politics
and that President Trump himself would
never be implicated in an actual Russia
collusion crime now predictably people
are people are trying to reinterpret any
anything from what maniford did to what
these these lesser lesser involved
people did who talked to Russians Etc so
predictably people are trying to make
their their movie
work but that was never my prediction I
I certainly never made a prediction that
nobody on the Trump campaign were
associated in any way ever talk to a a
Russian who had any Authority I
certainly never said
that but the prediction is you're not
going to see a conviction or or
impeachment of this president for any
Russia related stuff um
all
right thoughts on the Mexico would pay
for it argument yeah so you see the the
Democrats have started to retreat from
their notion that you can't have good
border security because it's not really
defensible it's not really defensible in
the sense that uh many of them supported
border security in the past and there's
no real way in a practical world to say
you don't want border
security
um so they need something so if if
you're in a political contest and your
your best argument is we should not
protect our border you don't have a good
argument but you got to you got to still
make an argument that's what the
political process forces us to do so
they've retreated into a ridiculous
argument which is that the president um
said Mexico would pay for it now unless
your
argument depends on it being too
expensive it's not even relevant it's
just a thing that he said as part of the
fund that may or may not ever happen but
it's the least important part of the
question if if the president were asking
for you know a trillion dollars or
something it probably would make a big
difference if if we were paying for it
or someone else is paying for it but if
5 billion it's in the round rounding so
once you agree that that dollar amount
is in the rounding it's sort of
irrelevant to the the US budget it's not
terribly important who pays for it and
it's certainly not important that the
president optimistically said and I
would say persuasion said you know
because it's a persuasion thing to say
Mexico will pay for it because it makes
you think past the sale if you're
talking about who's paying for it you've
already uncritically accepted that
there's something like a wall
up so they have interpreted his
persuasion technique because it was fun
and people like hearing it and it was
provocative and you couldn't look away
because it seemed so wrong you so it had
all the persuasion elements that that
make it powerful but the Democrats are
trying to take that
literally and the the best example of
confirmation bias I saw was I I saw one
of CNN's uh sarcasm
uh packages I'll call it a sarcasm
package so a package in TV talk a
package is a a video montage right so
CNN did a video montage or a package
that uh alleged to support the point
that the president had said that me the
Mexico would write a
check so the claim was that the
president said no I didn't mean they
were going to literally write a check
and they said oh yeah oh yeah so it's a
sarcasm package because the way they
dealt with it was so president Trump
said he's not going to write a literal
check or that Mexico is not going to
write a literal check to pay for the
wall did he oh did he let's go to the
sarcasm package and then they go to the
video that's a montage of President
Trump talking about it as a
candidate and he says well they'll pay
for the wall one way or
another and I say to myself wait a
minute you just showed a video that
supports the president's version that
it's sort of a one way or the other it
doesn't have to be a direct
check at the same time you're putting on
sarcasm oh yeah he said he he didn't say
it's going to be a check well let's go
to the video and then the President says
well they'll pay for it one way or the
other and I think to myself what did you
see when you saw this
video when you know did did the CNN
producer when they saw it say ah he's
saying they're going to write a check
and then they show the video and it says
exactly the opposite and I thought to
myself what's happening to me like can
they not see that the very thing they
said this video would do was the
opposite of what they just said it was
going to do but then they go deeper it's
like oh okay it's not just not just that
one clip we also found that on uh the
campaign
the Trump campaign's website there was a
reference that said Mexico is going to
pay for it with a check Case Closed with
a check that's right the small print on
the Trump campaign website from back
during the campaign said Mexico would
pay for it with a check do you see any
any problem with
this do you think that president Trump
then candidate Trump read or
wrote the small print on his campaign
website do you does anybody believe that
President Trump then candidate Trump
ever read what somebody else wrote on
his website not a
chance there's not a chance that that he
was necessarily even aware that they
said that on the on the site so they
showed that which also did not support
their claim that he keeps saying that
they're going to write a check now I
think they did come up with one if I
recall there might have been one video
that was sort of closer to their point
but my point is that they showed at
least two video segments that disagreed
with their point and I don't think that
they could say could tell because of
confir information bias in their world
in their world it did
fit so let's call that the sarcasm
package all right I uh I tweeted around
just before I got on here uh a photo of
um let's see let me let me just call it
up here Allison Cado from uh
CNN and I want to show you
the the expression she was making
because it was great so she had on um
some democrat racist I forget I forget
his name doesn't
matter where are you hey how come I
can't find my own tweets that's
weird my own tweet is missing there it
is so uh the headline
is uh I don't know if you could tell
that says a democratic representative
stands by remarks calling Trump a quote
Grand wizard by say but says president
isn't a
racist so this uh
representative it doesn't even matter
his name he's he's just a racist I'm not
even going to say his name so This
Racist refers to the president as the
grand wizard the you know the head of
the Klux Clan as being president Trump
now here's the
thing if president Trump were not not
white would you call him uh would you
refer to him by the KKK no you wouldn't
so any reference to the KKK which is a
white organization when when applied to
a white person in a insulting fashion
it's nothing but racist the comment
itself is racist because you simply
wouldn't call a black person the head of
the KKK you wouldn't call you know you
wouldn't call anybody else the head of
the KKK so it's a racist statement but
this comes this comes right after the
the media has had the worst week they've
ever had so the media is just getting
slayed just getting slayed for fake news
and for bad reporting uh first there's
the BuzzFeed thing that they all fell
for and then there was the Covington
kids and they all fell for that so
they're just getting beaten up and then
CNN puts on their puts on their network
uh this uh this racist who's who's who
then tries to walk it back and saying
that no no no he's just calling the
president of the United States uh the
head of the KKK but he's definitely not
saying he's a racist and I'm looking at
the
expression of can you see this
expression that's her looking looking at
his answers
because uh you know arguably the person
she's interviewing is sort of generally
on the Democrat team and CNN is clearly
on that team as well so she's listening
to somebody on her own team who's making
her look
like I'm not even going to say it right
if somebody on your
team is is this
bad it's just embarrassing
and I think uh so since we're all good
face
readers um let let me let me not say
that I can tell what's in her mind I'm
just saying it was hilarious to see that
expression because it's hard for me to
believe she was having a good day
listening to this guy uh basic so
basically you know they their integrity
and their reputation as news providers
is just totally you know in the toilet
and this guy comes on making it worse
and I'm thinking you know if I were in
that situation here's the face I'd be
making why are you making me look so bad
why are you making the news look so
stupid why are you making Democrats look
like idiots why can't you say something
smart so I can so I can act like I agree
with
it all right
but again we can't tell what's in her
mind I just was amused by her face given
that the context of the day is that we
can tell people's Thoughts by their
faces
um why do I watch CNN thank you for that
question all right so I've been uh
beaten up pummeled if you will I've been
pummeled for being fooled by a CNN story
The Covington kid story and people say
Scott how could you be so dumb as to
believe
CNN and let me give you the full
explanation number one if you're saying
you won't watch CNN or MSNBC or the the
other side of the media if you say that
that's smart you got a lot of explaining
to do if you're not watching how the
other side is framing things which is
different from believing them
but if you're not continually monitoring
how the other side is framing events so
that you can compare it to how your
preferred B is framing events you don't
know what's going on so if anybody who
said to me why are you watching
CNN you're not really part of the
productive
conversation all right you have
failed in the most
basic basic element of understanding the
world and you should not in my opinion
nobody should listen to your opinion so
if you said to me why are you watching
CNN no one should ever listen to your
opinion again on anything you you you've
shown a level of understanding of the
world so primitive that no one should
ever pay attention to you again that's
different from saying CNN has all the
correct stories if you're not watching
all sides to see how they framing things
you don't know what's going on and
you're not even going to ever get close
you have decided to be a puppet of one
side of the media and if you've decided
to be a puppet Don't lecture me on how
to think all right it is a conscious
decision to cut yourself off from half
of the half of the framing of the world
as opposed to half of the
truth so that's number one is a total
total thinking mistake to not look at
the other
side um number two people said why did
you believe something that was on
CNN here again let me remind you that
the vast majority of what CNN reports as
news is
true I know you hate to hear that the
vast amount of what CNN reports is
true it's the the the way they interpret
it the way the pundits interpret it the
the emphasis they put on things and
every now and then a story from an
anonymous source or something that's not
true but if there's an earthquake and
CNN says hey there was an earthquake is
it likely to be true yes if there's any
kind of natural disaster and they report
on it is it likely that that natural
disaster actually happened yes was there
an event um was there you know something
that happened in a certain time did they
report it yes so the vast majority of
what CNN reports just like the vast
majority of all the other networks Fox
MSNBC the vast majority of the facts are
true so if you ask me why do you believe
something on CNN well how about because
most of it is true just like the other
network now am I
aware am I aware that a
solid I don't know 5% it could turn out
to be wrong yes I am and I the way that
I distinguish you know what that 5% is
likely to be is if somebody if it's an
opinion I discount it if it's a partisan
opinion I discount it twice if it's um
if it's a uh secret Source I don't count
it all if it's mind reading I don't
count it at all if somebody is
speculating well if this is is true I
don't count it at all so there are a
whole vast category of things which
whether it's CNN reporting them or any
other network by their nature I would
say okay I'm not going to buy that when
I saw the photographs of the Covington
kids one that purported them to be in
blackface but wasn't and one that
purported they were showing some kind of
racist hand signal but they
weren't photographs taken out of context
I know to not trust so when I looked at
the photographs I was like no first
first reaction no I don't care if these
were on CNN I don't care where they are
I'm not going to buy these photographs
and sure enough they were not true but a
video where I watch an event with my own
eyes can be a lie this one was right
this is the perfect example of something
where a video you think you're watching
it with your own eyes but it turned out
to be not true I would say most of the
time the video is going to be the the
truest expression of reality and
still and still it could be wrong a lot
now was it my
mistake that I uh I found credibility in
what I saw with my own eyes on the video
in retrospect total mistake because I
did in fact object objectively speaking
got it completely wrong so my eyes
fooled me but they're still just about
the best we have so here's my here's my
bottom line of this if you get fooled by
something that is a good
trick you do what you can do when you
find out if it was a good hoax and you
got fooled well you got fooled do what
you can make your apologies make your
Corrections you know make it right if
you can but there is no shame in being
fooled by a good
hoax now a bad hoax would be the the
photographs I mentioned those were bad
hoaxes if you got fooled by them you
have some explaining to do but if you
saw the video and a context and you were
fooled by that that was a really good
hoax right that was really wellmade
that's exactly the sort of thing that
nobody is smart enough no nobody is
smart enough to always get that one
right all right so you got to make a
distinction that was one that was
unlikely to be wrong but it was it
turned out it was completely wrong you
got to you got to play the odds all
right
uh now to all the people who say you
were not fooled by it you cannot tell
the difference between always taking
your side's
side and getting this one right so to
all the people who say yeah it was
obvious to me the moment I saw this the
moment I saw this video you know the the
little short one the moment I saw that
short video I knew it was a hoax
really really now I do believe you were
confident it was a hoax but do you also
agree with your own side every time no
matter what the information or evidence
is cuz I think many of you do if you're
like everybody else in the world right
if you're normal you agree with your
team pretty much all the time so if your
team had a point of you and you agreed
with it and it turned out to be right
this time you don't have anything to
celebrate about you have nothing to hold
over me you just agreed with your team
and that's all you know the fact that
was also coincidentally correct in this
case means
nothing and it will never mean anything
and if you're claiming it as your your
pride well I got this one right you got
this one wrong look at me I don't think
that's reason to
celebrate
um now if if you said let's wait and see
I would say that you are just smarter
than me all right so I'm I'm going to
give give some credit here for those of
you who said yeah I I see it does it
does look the way it's being reported
but let's just let's just wait 24 hours
if you had said that you would have been
following my own advice which I didn't
follow for
myself cuz this one looked too obvious
to even have to wait but that's the
trick right so anybody who said I'm
going to wait you were smarter than me
on this topic there there's no I'm not
going to qualify that all right if you
said I'm going to wait you were up here
smart I was down here not as smart so
I'm going to there's no reservation in
which I would say that you weren't
smarter than me on this point now uh one
of the questions that people ask is was
I embarrassed by this incident now here
I took a very uh very aggressive public
stand based on my first incorrect notion
of these Covington boy behavior and then
I had to quickly walk it back and
completely completely say I was fooled I
I was not thinking well I made a mistake
I contributed to you know bad outcome
for these kids it's 100% on me was I
embarrassed by
that
nope what of the reasons that I'm able
to change opinions in public is that I
don't have any sense of
embarrassment and I talk about this and
I write about it a lot you can't get
there easily right that you it's it's
hard to be born without a sense of
embarrassment and you might be a
sociopath if you are but you definitely
can
practice and you definitely can you know
learn how to frame your impressions
until embarrassment is just not a factor
so some people said to me oh you did it
because you want to uh make the make the
left love you and that will never work
and I thought to myself me have you been
watching me for the last two years I've
been doing nothing but making the left
hate me if if I'm the guy who's acting
because I want the left to love me I'm
doing a terrible job of it I've Done 3
years of completely doing the wrong
thing
because the left hates me more than
anything it costs me probably 30 to 40%
of my income because I so don't care
that the left hates
me so that the the idea that I was doing
it to make friends on on the left um
doesn't just doesn't hold water and the
notion that uh I did it to avoid
lawsuits so that was the other thing
people said people said you don't really
mean this
apology uh or this diretion you you're
just trying to do it to avoid
lawsuits to which I say now I deal with
this world for my work like the you know
the whole world of what is parody what
is defamation this is my job right for
30 years I have operated in a world in
which there are such things as
defamation and liel and you know and and
those things I'm pretty good at identify
when there's a problem and this wasn't
one of them if I watch the news and it's
fake news and I am fooled by it and I
comment on it my liability is nothing is
nothing I have no liability if I comment
on on something that I believed in the
news there's no liability there because
there's no intention and especially if I
corrected it there's no intention so I I
can tell you honestly that when I issued
my uh correction SL apology I never even
thought about a legal element of it that
was never even a variable in my mind it
it was literally irrelevant then and I I
contend that you would never find a
lawyer who would find a problem with the
way I handled it all right the way I
handled it would never be any legal
problem whatsoever all
right um I will talk to you all later