how do you do while you're all getting
in here I'd like to do my impression of
Mark Zuckerberg testifying before
Congress boop boop beep boop beep boop
beep boop that was my that was my
impression all right now I I haven't
watched most of the Zuckerberg testimony
but I did happen to catch the little bit
where senator Ted Cruz was talking to
him
and oh my god did you did any of you see
Ted Cruz cross-examining if you will
Zuckerberg that was like watching a
hunter clubbing a baby harp seal on live
TV so I have a several things to say
about it the first is that it's the best
I've ever seen
Cruz on TV you know including all of his
running for office and various
interviews and stuff and I think I think
what made him so effective is that first
of all his material was great the other
questions he asked the way he presented
it was you know every bit the trial
lawyer that I think he was right I think
he wasn't he a trial lawyer already some
kind of lawyer but he dialed back his I
guess he dialed back his emotions and
just delivered it like like a surgeon so
it was just so surgical without any any
emotion in it that it was it was almost
hard to watch he just dismantled poor
Zuckerberg and here's the part where the
Zuckerberg had what I would call his
failure to deny the KKK moment
I'm not sure if other people will see it
this way but what I saw was Ted Cruz
give him multiple opportunities to
either confirm or deny that they are
unbiased in terms of the political
speech that they cover and each time the
Zuckerberg was asked to simply ask the
answer the question is it your intention
to be unbiased or which is equally legal
and allowed is your intention to use
your First Amendment rights to to be
more about the message very simple
question
Zuckerberg avoided it several times and
what he offered something that sounded
like an answer here's what he said he
said that we see our platform as a we we
see Facebook as a platform for all ideas
that was his response which is not an
answer to the question is it your
intention to be an unbiased platform
because here's the difference yes it's
true that they are a platform for all
ideas but do all ideas also get the same
amount of attention are they treated the
same that's the part that Ted Cruz's
question gets to you know is there bias
there Zuckerberg hadn't he had a chance
for several layups if the answer was yes
we we were trying to be unbiased you
know we don't always hit that mark but
that's what we're trying to do we'll do
better there were lots of ways that
Zuckerberg could have answered the
question are you trying to be unbiased
you know or is it even an attempt is it
a goal to be unbiased and he wouldn't he
wouldn't say that that was their goal
and instead he said it's a platform for
all ideas well yes it is I would agree
that to say Facebook is pretty much a
platform for all ideas - you know the
terrorism and the suicide stop
the stuff nobody wants to hear or at
least most people don't want to hear but
it's not the answer to the question
about bias it's because the bias would
come in with you know how much attention
each of those messages get so and
unfortunately the Zuckerberg looks
panics his actual face looks like he he
looks like he's ready to show something
flopsweat there
he's pretty shiny and he's clearly
insanely uncomfortable so you know I
think I hate to see Facebook go down but
this is not a good day for for them at
the moment
[Music]
[Music]
okay just look at your comments yeah
it's not a comfortable place for an
introvert but you have to say you know
on the plus side is very smart very
capable and he's very game it's pretty
brave even the show up he probably could
have done something not to show up maybe
not I'm not sure how that works if they
tell you you have to show up do you have
to maybe you do so I'm gonna watch a
little bit more of that
I just wanted to pop in and say so far
it looks like a disaster for Facebook
but I'm not sure everybody else is
seeing the same thing I'm seeing so
we'll just keep watching