hey everybody come on in it's time for
self swaddling you know warm soft
blanket with Scott Adams still working
on the branding I know it's not catchy
it's not crisp it will never be a famous
international brand but it sure feels
good
all right happen if you have tried it be
honest when I told you it just feels
good to wrap yourself in a nice soft
blanket and you'll just feel better how
many of you tried it if you did you have
already realized that it works
somebody's saying that Greg Gutfeld is
on well you should record that or watch
me on recording after you watch that
that is the beauty of technology you can
have it both oh yeah you could have it
both ways but one of us has commercials
and the other doesn't and if I were get
a record one I would record the one that
commercials sorry Greg but Greg's got
the number one show in his time slot in
addition to his other number one show in
his time slot so I think he's doing okay
I would like to give a special shout out
to the people who are going to work the
ones were running the essential services
because there are a lot of us and if you
if you're being honest about it the
first several days of the stay home not
so bad at all
not so bad a lot of people will admit
that stay home for a few days if they
can afford a or if they're still getting
a paycheck pretty good deal but there
are other people and we should now
forget them not just the men
professionals of the front line not just
the first responders who have their own
job plus you know this on top of it but
just the the people were keeping the
lights on there are people who still
going to work still thinking the chance
and they don't really have much of a
choice about it because you need your
water you need your electricity you need
your essential services and so special
thank you from all of us who've got to
stay home and be safer because of your
good work so thank you so I'm seeing
lots of people prognosticating about
where it's all going and I feel as
though they're all making the same one
of two mistakes so I haven't seen
anybody make both of them but maybe I
have but they make at least one of these
two mistakes in the analysis and it's a
mistake by omission in other words if if
these two variables didn't exist then
everything they say would it be quite
sensible but the two variables that keep
getting left out are how effective are
the pills you know the what is that the
chlorine oxy hydro clunk la whatever it
is and the is this - I think I said them
both correctly but we know there's this
cocktail the president tweeted about it
the the professionals the experts doctor
foul cheese playing it down as you
should because remember he's a smart guy
so if you see two smarter people and I
would argue that the president is quite
brilliant in his you know his field
ouchy is brilliant in his field if you
see them seem to be in a different page
you have to sort of you know dig a
little deeper and I think what's
happening here is that the president
wants to give the country hope so he's a
little biased or the the Hopi side of
things but that he's been told there's
reason to have hope
I don't think he's making it up you know
I don't think you wouldn't rogue pretty
sure he's talked or you know real people
who said yeah this combination of pills
looks pretty promising but here's the
thing everybody in the world wants those
pills and they want them before they
even have the coronavirus right because
I mean you know seriously if you could
you know on the down-low get a little
batch of that medicine so now you do it
once you just to keep your family safe
if not yourself and you'd say well if I
got enough of it I think I'll just be
chopping these for a while because they
they don't have a gigantic risk unless
you take them for a long time and maybe
that's not your plan so if you could
hoard them would you oh yeah oh yeah you
would be a hoarding son of a son of a
beehive wouldn't you
my kids my children who are awake late
and home from school yeah so here's what
I think is happening and the media is
reporting it like it's some kind of a
mistake of communication or something I
think they're missing the whole story
which is the president sort of depending
the good cop you're not used to that are
yeah when was the last time the
president Trump played good cop right he
usually plays bad cop but he's playing a
good cop you know I feel good about this
I'm no doctor can't guarantee it but
feel good about these these pills and
doctor foul she's playing bad cop
productively productively if you said to
me Scott you know I'd really I'd be a
lot happier if pouchy just agreed with
the president or conversely I'd be a lot
happier if the president just said
exactly what foul she said there was
just no difference would you would you
would you be happier I wouldn't because
I think that they got their act exactly
right you know I doubt they talked about
it and say
you do this I'll do that and I don't
think it's like that but I think it's
just two smart people who knew that they
had a slightly different job so they did
they're slightly different jobs did them
well ouchy kept us from you know having
a run on these things
president Trump said there's a reason to
be optimistic I kind of like those dual
messages actually that works pretty well
for me but so here's the first thing
when people say where it's going to go
they kind of discount the fact that if
the early reports are right the pills
are kind of a solution it's a way out
now you'd have to design your path out
but it's the variability you need to
complete the designed because right now
without without the pills and without
the testing kits which is the other
variable that people forget actually the
testing kits people act as if they exist
and and very smart people will say
people people I don't know what you're
all missing here all we have to do is
test like crazy and then we can all go
back to work
yeah with the non-existent tests now of
course they exist in great quantity but
the quantities we need are even more
vast than the tremendous amount that
we've been able to put together so far
so yeah there's nobody there's nobody
who has missed that trick if you're
explaining to us that we need to do
massive testing I don't know what you're
really telling me because I think that's
what every single person in the world
wants to do if we add massive number of
tests and are pretty sure we're working
pretty hard on that so any analysis of
where this is going needs to mention
those two things that the pills will
probably have I'm guessing sooner how
hard it is it to print additional pills
I'm guessing is something you do do
pretty well I mean it feels like you
could you know you just crank those
babies out like crazy couldn't you
so if I had to guess we're
get enough pills way before we're given
get enough test kits so I see it as sort
of a two-phase thing which is phase one
if we're happy that the pills work then
we can say okay if you're young healthy
and under sixty under these conditions
and in these places give it a shot go
back to work you know and as soon as you
get a symptom boom go and get a pill
because we have enough of them now so
that's phase one phase two is the tests
and you have to have enough of them and
you have to they have to be used in a
statistically wise way which we can
figure out and then you can start to
free up the over sixties and the people
at risk
you know you need the tests to get to
that last level but you could rescue the
economy before you get as many tests as
you need and this is what I think it
would take I think it would take pop-up
tents staffed by your nurses and you
know maybe retired medical workers who
know enough to put on a mask so do we
have enough and they know enough to you
know keep to keep a distance from people
and then make them drive up and and this
is just how I would do it and this is
only because it's an emergency right so
if it were not an emergency this would
be way too reckless but although all the
rules are suspended in favor of what
makes sense at the moment so we're not
we're not just going by the rulebook and
now we're going by what works you know
what's my risk balance and that might
make you know it might be different in
any moment so here's what I can imagine
a set of rules that would be something
like this you you feel like you've got a
cough you drive immediately to one of
these pop-up tents that's ideally it
would be walking distance from a major
hospital in case anything needs to be
quickly identified for escalation you're
right there you drive up you get a line
behind the other car so you're not you
know you're not being contaminated by
someone who has it and maybe you don't
have it so you're not staying in your
in your car as the car as the cars move
up the medical professional says
checklist have you filled out the
checklist that we you know that we put
through a crack into your window while
you were you're waiting earlier so you
had time to fill it out and the
checklist would be you know a prior
medical history trying to find out if
there's any reason these drugs would
kill you
I do you have any underlying conditions
you know what kind of symptoms are you
having and then when you get there maybe
you don't even hand the paper to anybody
maybe you just hold it up to your closed
window and you say you know here's my
deal and if there's just a one-page
checklist the medical professional from
6 feet away says all right looks you
know looks good you you qualify we don't
know if you have coronavirus but here's
here's the important part of the idea it
doesn't matter if you have enough of the
meds and they work and and we have a
good feeling about them being safe
enough in short-term doses so then let's
say that you've held up your thing you
your checklist looks good the medical
professionals 6 footed way behind behind
there your glass window they don't know
if you have it or if you have seasonal
flu doesn't matter because they have
enough pills so everything depends on
having enough right it's all about that
and then you say ok you qualified the
checklist works pop your trunk so
without getting out of the car you pop
your trunk they they throw the pills in
the back with some instructions and want
to take them they close it with their
elbow and you're off no physical contact
not even not even a hand off contact
nothing changed places come somebody
says no trunk I don't know I don't know
why I mean you can just throw it in the
backseat the point is you could do it
easily without any contact and then you
can and then you could just start
cranking now now the big variable is is
a safe enough is it efficacious is it
will we have them in large numbers and
do we know who it would be dangerous for
exactly you know do we have enough so
those are some big questions but they
feel very solvable
that's so you know the reason that I I
try to draw the picture this way so you
can actually visualize it because I hope
I drew a picture where you actually
imagine the cars in line you saw the
pop-up tent
you saw the professionals and you saw
the whole scene and the reason I do that
is that if you have a problem and you
can't even imagine how it could be
solved that's just the worst kind of
problem so whether that's the solution
as I described or a go to some other
path we're definitely going to get to
the other side of it that's the only
thing that's beyond question we'll get
to the other side of it you know one way
or the other
but if you can imagine this series it
should make you feel comfortable because
it's pretty practical and then you know
you do that get the economy back to work
that new 75% and a few few months later
you've got enough test kits to start
phasing in the over-60s
so that's how I see it going down and
that's all good I told you to put some
questions in my Twitter feed and so I'm
going to answer some of these questions
tesla p90d says what would need to
happen for quarantine to end next week
well I don't know if we're calling a
quarantine but I know what you're
talking about what would need to happen
to I don't think there's any chance it
ends as a complete thing next week so I
wouldn't want to give you any optimism
then next week it's just all off hey
everything's back to normal
I'd say that's a zero chance but I'd say
there's at least a 50% chance that in
one week the medical profession will say
yeah we don't have the the largest best
longitudinal studies in the world for
these meds but darn it
seeing such good results we just have to
go with it it wouldn't make sense to
hold off at that point so then it's a
matter of do you have enough pills and
pop up tents or whatever your mechanism
is to get it to people doesn't have to
be tense all right so I'd say 50% chance
you'll have really good news next week
on on a path out but really bad news
about number of people infected that's
just going to keep going up for a while
aren't they what do you think
contributed to New York's current
situation the most well it's probably
not one thing it would be density would
be one it would be a climate where
people are still kind of indoors a lot
for another it would be more
international travel than maybe any
place else in the country it's a large
population you know crowded areas is
basically everything you know every
possible thing that you could have there
would make things worse except elderly
right now I'm talking off the top of my
head but having been too you know mostly
Manhattan but been to New York lots of
times I'm often struck by how young it
is San Francisco is similar so it could
be that New York will have you know just
tons of infections and baby because
they're you know they have also the
first-class hospitals and I think a
lower percentage of elderly somebody's
saying true in the comments but you know
I'd have to see a source all right
alvaro says el faro says is Trump going
to be a really always liked to express
that in a if nothing changed which is
ridiculous right because everything will
change nobody saw nobody saw the corona
virus coming a month ago but from day
one when people have been asking me
about reelection I always say if nothing
changes and of course it will so sorry
useless too
for prediction when you know
everything's gonna change and it will
matter it's going to be big stuff but if
you straight lined it and just said what
we know today is just exactly the only
things we'll know on Election Day you
would win in a landslide it wouldn't
even be close and that's already and
that's before we get any kind of a good
result with this by Election Day will
will certainly be on top of it
so yeah he'll I think it will just might
be one of the biggest it's possible it
will be one of the biggest blowouts in
election history it's possible I
wouldn't say that's probable but it's
very definitely possible
all right Marsha asked me have you
stayed so upbeat during a turmoil
practice you know a lot of it is just
being able to see the field you know I
talked about this almost too much which
is you know the longer you live the more
things you've seen so I just have a
larger framework of things I've seen but
on top of that my actual life experience
is really varied you know from corporate
and economics our marketing you know
branding
persuasion communication so I you know
I'm not I'm not like world-class of any
of that stuff but I've done a lot of it
and I've I've seen a lot of it so when I
see our current situation it would be
how do I say this without making me
sound like a genius
there's nothing like that going on it
would be like a chess player who's
experienced versus a brand-new chess
player so I can I can just see a few
extra moves because I've studied
economics and you know the few other
things that inform my opinion so when
you can see a few extra moves and it
looks like there's a path out and it's a
path out a certain this is a weird
problem because as enormous as it is our
victory over it is actually not in doubt
and it's hard to think of any other
situation where that would be true
almost any situation we say to ourselves
well it's a big problem we're gonna work
on it and we just don't know how this is
going to turn out but this virus is very
different we actually know how it's
going to turn out we went we don't know
how long we don't know what it'll cost
but we win so it helps to know you win
and it helps to know that there are a
number of winnable paths beyond that
part of my technique which I've been
recommending all week is that you just
you treat your nerve management you know
your own just a sense of anxiety that
where you used to think that was also
important it's like well I got a lot of
things I need to do I got to work you
know take care of my family whatever but
I you know it also like to you know work
on relaxing so you know I'll spend half
an hour exercising that day that's not
what I'm talking about now this is a
major worldwide psychological phenomenon
if you have the time and a lot of us do
because we're locked down if you have
the time your full-time job should be
taking care of your own mental state
because we need you at your best and
it's also how you stay healthy so your
your immune system will just be better
if you keep your attitude good and your
you're working on your your stress
reduction and your fitness and
everything and and I've been saying this
for several days now and it's it's
actually getting truer every day I've
never been so healthy I'm like crazy
healthy right now I don't know if you
can tell you know because I've had a
rough several months just you know one
little nagging thing after another
nothing important but man I mean I'm
exercising just right I'm sleeping well
I've gotten rid of a lot of other
stresses in my life just because life
simplified so much I just have less to
do and I'm just taking it like it's my
full-time job I talked to you I do my
cartooning but other than that you know
it's a nice warm shower a nice long walk
outside play with the dog it's my
full-time job so if I see him I seem
like I'm handling the stress well that's
not that's another a genetic gift that's
the result of hard work and in a
strategy and working on it literally
every day and putting lots of hours into
it
somebody says your your polyps sound
worse well do they do buy polyps sound
worse I said I feel like I sound a
little less nasally to myself but you
know you can never hear yourself exactly
so what was I saying
Oh so in terms of relaxing so because
this might be a little bit too much
behind the curtain information but watch
out it doesn't change anything because
those of you are regular viewers of my
periscope have formed a relationship
with me and I don't think that's too
strong a word you know that you know I
I'm always you know gagging when people
on TV say oh we're all the family and
stuff like that but I think you would
you would agree there's something about
this medium the live-streaming and
especially the way periscope does it
their interfaces is just tremendous that
makes this personal this feels like a
personal connection and because we have
a personal connection that sets up what
a hypnotist would describe as pacing and
leading you've heard we talked about
this before
so because you've pasted me meaning that
you know you sort of you know you've
done the simultaneous if you've done
what I did you you meet me here in the
morning 7:00 a.m. my time whatever your
time and because it's part of your
routine we formed like a connection as
if by an invisible string you know when
you pull I go you know and you're
pulling as well as I'm pulling because
I'm reading your comments and responding
to them in real time and you can feel it
you can feel you you know
commenter will pull me and i'll go and
then I'll pull you and then you'll pull
me we're just connected by this
invisible stream and because of that
that created an opportunity that I could
relax myself and it would relax all of
you and that was actually a conscious
part of my strategy now of course I
would have done it for myself under any
under any circumstances but but I
realized consciously that because of
this connection we informed the more the
more relaxed I am the more you will
automatically be relaxed you know almost
independent of what I say about things
as long as I don't you know whip you up
into a frenzy so it's all very
intentional and I and you know I'm not
trying to hide anything I am trying to
pace you and lead you to relaxation and
I hope that I'm doing that so let's look
at some more questions are you using
let's say Simon Says are you using your
same movie slash story slash narrative
framework you know what I mean says
Simon for understanding coronavirus and
how humanity responds well so for those
of you don't know what that question
means I'll give you a little framework
I've I've often said there for reasons I
can't explain and it's it's entirely
most likely confirmation bias so there's
a little bit of sort of an illusion
about this or maybe not if we're a
simulation maybe it's not a coincidence
but here's the concept that real life at
least that the public stuff the you know
things we watch like elections and stuff
like that conform to with the three acts
of a movie so often that it's hard to
explain how it happens on its own unless
of course is just selective memory and
confirmation bias so there are lots of
reasons I can imagine it's happening but
if you were to somehow scientifically
measure it you know you wouldn't be able
to find it but with with Trump
i early on in the process I predicted
because I'd seen this pattern so many
times in life I predicted that it was
starting to shape up like a movie and
the way you know it's a movie is that as
three acts and there's something special
about the third act and the third act as
they call it in script writing is where
the hero is in so much trouble it's
impossible to get out and you the viewer
watching the movie and you go well I
know this is gonna take some fancy
script writing because there's just no
way the hero can get out of this mess
and then it happens and that's what
makes it a movie so when President Trump
was running I had said there's going to
be a third act and it's going to look
like it's impossible
and then somehow he'll win anyway and
you know you could argue what was the
third act you know the in the summer
before the election the the Democrats
and Hillary Clinton started saying it's
dark it's dark and and it looked like he
was just gonna be branded as racist and
he made fun of the the gold star family
and you just thought I there's this is
the third act it can't get worse than
this and then the Access Hollywood tape
came out and I said to myself darn it I
got fooled because I've been telling
people also that a good movie has faked
third acts things that you think are
shaping up to be impossible to solve but
then your hero salsa you know it's it's
not until you get the to the real third
act that is really looking unsolvable
and that of course was the Access
Hollywood tape and I remember the day I
I heard that I just thought oh no I'm
watching this movie and there's no way
anybody anybody could recover from that
but a few days later I don't know why
but my confidence returned and I said to
myself
you know I actually think he is going to
beat that I think the movie is going to
be a movie a proper movie
and I feel like I was the narrator of
the movie at least for some people who
are watching me at that time so back to
your question is the coronavirus taking
a three-act structure and I don't know
what you would identify as the third act
because most of its been a little bit
predictable I would say in other words
smart people were saying early on this
is the way it's going to go and then it
sort of just it's going just that way
yeah you could argue about the pace and
and the scope of it but it's basically
going the way smart people said it would
go if it were a movie there would be
still ahead of us maybe you know in the
summer there would be something that
made it look unsolvable and I don't know
that we're gonna hit that because if you
ask me everything does look solvable and
we can sort of see it from pretty far
away so it would be a crappy movie if
you could see how the movie was going to
resolve itself from you know six months
away and that wouldn't do it so I love
the question by the way and I had been
thinking about it in those terms but
it's not shaping up like the like a
movie a favorite NBA player growing up
what a random question which I'll answer
Walt Frazier on the Knicks and at Larry
Bird I was just watching ade I was just
watching an old I don't know some
YouTube clips of Larry Bird have you
ever watched Larry Bird play basketball
I'm not even like some big basketball
fan but oh my goodness it was like not
even possible the things he did I mean I
guess you could say you know Michael
Jordan was was similar but Jordan looked
like he had monstrous talent you know
and the whole game of s was a monstrous
talent and you could and just look like
Talent but when Larry Bird played and I
was watching when he just
of old clips and it's just jaw-dropping
because it doesn't even look like talent
it looks like magic you know I guess
that's why I'm a Jew
Magic Johnson guy has his nickname
because his plays look like magic but
you really get that sense when you watch
Larry Bird all right have you ever met
Gary Larson I'm not I of course know
people who have met Gary Larson and you
may I don't know if you know it but
might be some news about Gary Larson
might be some news about you could be
seeing a little bit more of his stuff
don't know the details but there's some
some motion in that direction
somebody says Nico says if you get a
mild case of CO fit and recover are you
immune I will tell you my non-scientific
answer subject to fact-checking the
answer is maybe kinda so here's the best
I can determine I've been looking for
that answer myself and asking it and
looking at different people's answers
and I don't know if I've ever talked to
you know I don't know if I've asked the
right expert about this but here's my
best understanding that you do get some
immunity but it's not permanent in other
words you know couple years later if you
are not a tree exposed to it it might
might bite you again and by then maybe
it's morphed a little or evolved a
little so it's slightly different I
don't know I don't know the details so
you should ignore anything I say on this
topic but my understanding subject to
somebody please fix it is that you do
get immunity but it might not be forever
let's see all these masks and
respirators is all based on demand cases
in the future will we need that many
they don't see it happening
the vast majority of people would get
infected recover well I've seen
anecdotally I've seen some reports from
in fact
may have tweeted it I'm not sure if I
did or I just read it but there-there is
a doctor who goes to the math of it and
the thing we don't understand is how
often they need to change them because
if you're dealing with one infected
person you need one set of protective
equipment and masks and gloves but as
soon as you're done you have to toss
that stuff or whatever you do with it
but you can't wear it a second time if
you're doing things properly so
apparently the number of masks gowns and
stuff that they go through is just
incredible yeah we're talking about tens
of thousands of them you know per one
hospital in a very short amount of time
tens of thousands tens of thousands of
masks in one hospital in a fairly short
amount of time I don't know if that's
you know a week or a month or whatever
but it's tens of thousands so you know
you get the big numbers really quickly
because that's just one Hospital Taylor
says is this the Black Swan event for
blockchain crypto Bitcoin you know it
feels like crypto has to prove itself
maybe that's why you're asking I feel as
though if if Bitcoin had gone up when
the market went down I would have said
you should never again not own Bitcoin
if it's the last thing you do make sure
you go a little bit about in Bitcoin if
they had done that but in fact it did
the opposite and attract the market so
why do I need something that tracks the
market you know unless I want to I don't
hide something or you know I find some
other advantage of crypto but it did not
did not perform as an asset class in a
way that you would want it to see well
we got a lot of questions there probably
won't be able to get all these estimates
a time of return to normal if ever that
will be a a phased return and if I no
human being
by Election Day we're gonna want to have
it kind of wrapped up if you know what I
mean so you have to assume that the
administration being you know human
animals who win elections
as well as help the country recover you
know that it's not it's not
inappropriate for political people to
act politically in a political season
you know you they're doing a an okay job
I would say of keeping the politics down
to an annoying you know kind of
acceptable and annoying level but you
know if we start getting let's say 70
percent control on it as if you could
measure it that way if we started
getting like 70 percent control on it
over the summer there's going to be all
kinds of push to get it done before
Election Day
now the excuse of course will be so
everybody could be safe to vote but of
course the president would have you know
a second benefit from that that you
can't really ignore so to answer your
question I would expect based it based
entirely based on what the medical
profession says about the efficacy and
availability of the meds
if you get a good answer about those in
the next week or two I think you see
people to start going to back back to
work in the third week if they're young
and depending on where they're going
then lots of accommodations and
somewhere around Christmas time things
looking kind of normal but on our guard
because it could flare up again in the
winter so that's my best guess
so I'll say that again serious returning
to week to work in three to four weeks
based on the the pills being good that's
the big assumption there but not over 60
is necessarily right away and will phase
them in by Election Day ish that's just
a prediction by the way so and I think
nobody who nobody will go without food
and we will recover fairly quickly
actually impressively as my guess