bum bum bum bum
come on in here gather around
grab your cups your mugs your chalice
your Stein's grab your thermos fill it
with your favorite liquid it's time for
a little bit of coffee with Scott Adams
and if you have your container and if
you've filled it with your favorite
liquid I like coffee it's time to join
me now for the simultaneous sip the best
part of the day Oh bliss so have you
noticed that the news just sort of
stopped recently that's been happening
more often there'll be a bunch of news
and then you wake up in the morning and
you check see then you check Fox News
and there's no news just all the new
stopped isn't that weird that all the
news stopped think about all of the
things that people were afraid about
this president when he got elected take
your mind back to travel with me in your
mind back to 2016 what did people think
was going to be happening about now I
think what people expected to be
happening in 2019 back when Trump got
elected is I believe the I believe the
oceans were going to rise and take you
out our coasts I think the economy was
going to be in a depression we should be
in a full nuclear war by now
race war of course and I don't think any
of our allies would be talking to us and
Isis would be be landing on the beach in
the Northeast
did any of that happen seems to me that
there's nothing better for President
Trump than no news because everything's
going well the news is all about stuff
that that goes wrong today the news
there's a you know tragedy with a
aircraft but you know the world is full
of accidents we care about airplanes
because they happen all at once but you
know in the time that we were talking
about the poor souls who perished on
that one airplane five times that many
people died in automobile accidents so
the world is actually looking pretty
good you know give or take tragedy
centers sprinkled around but I want to
talk to you about the fine people hoax
now anybody who's new to this a lot of
the world believes that the President of
the United States called neo-nazis fine
people at Shell this film that of course
never happened it's a hoax he was
referring to the people on both sides of
the Confederate statue issue more
generally as fine people on both sides
of that question but then the news said
oh you must be talking about the people
marching with tiki torches and saying
anti-semitic things did you just call
them find people which he clarified he
did not but they still report it like he
did even though he clarified he did not
and even though it was obvious he did
not because who would so here's the fun
part
I have been practicing in public seeing
if I could deprogram people who have
been you know let's say programmed into
the cult of believing the fine people
hoaxes and I don't know if some of you
have watched you know what happens when
people bring up the fine people on
social media anywhere around anywhere
around my account
and then pretty soon people are joining
me and piling in to correct the hoaxes
and I've been trying specific methods to
deprogram someone from that belief and
here's why this one's fun there there
are a lot of things that you can't prove
conclusively is a hoax for example I
could tell you that I believe that
chemtrails are not real I could tell you
that I believe QED is not real but to
find a proof that something is not real
is nearly impossible
it's very rare but in this one case with
the fine people we have the actual
transcript and then we also have some
common sense although common sense is
largely an illusion but let me tell you
the process I've been using to deprogram
people and specifically about a
conversation I had with David Pakman now
David Pakman is the host of the David
Pakman show he's had me on his show a
couple of times he's very anti trauma
and he brought up the fine people hoax
as if it were real on his Twitter and
then a number of people pointed me at it
and they were already telling him it
wasn't real but let me show you an
exchange because I want to point
something out if you've been following
me for a while you know that I like to
highlight
whenever somebody gets tipped into
cognitive dissonance because there are
some tells there are some things that
people do that are kind of easy to spot
once you know them and my favorite one
is the word salad tell now word salad
means that people are using words and
they're forming sentences and the
sentences make sense at least in the in
the way that you know verbs and nouns
and stuff fit together but if you if you
read it it just is nonsense
so if somebody starts out with a
rational argument as David Pakman did
you know hey he said this I heard it
myself that's a rational thing to say
even though it's wrong and then he's
presented with the counter-argument now
the first first response to the
counter-argument is no that can't be
right
so anybody is the first response is it
can't be right that has been reported as
fact that he called neo-nazis fine
people and it's all over CNN reports at
MSNBC it's in most of the media
it can't be reported as fact in all
those places where they were actually
being a fact right so the first time you
tell somebody is not a fact they're
their reflexes well that can't be right
I mean that's nonsense
everybody knows this is a fact we all
live through it we all saw it it's
reported in all the media and then you
point them to the actual quote and it's
pretty obvious it's not a fact and if
it's not immediately obvious I follow up
with this all right so this is what I
said in a tweet after a couple of
exchanges with David Pakman I said you
think the President of the United States
intentionally praised neo-nazis in front
of the world and figured that would go
well so I put it in the form of a
question this is more powerful it's in
question form so I'm asking him to state
directly his belief that he thinks the
President of the United States
intentionally in public praised
neo-nazis I thought that would go OK
because that's what he's claiming so I'm
asking him to say it directly and then I
go out and say and Israel didn't notice
so his belief I'm trying to make him say
directly is that the president United
States intentionally praised neo-nazis
who were marching saying anti-semitic
things that he intentionally praised
them in public thought that would be
fine and then also
has to explain why Israel didn't notice
didn't notice it was the biggest news
story in the country and they don't have
a problem with it how come they can't
see it and he explained that so I said
that's not a credible position compared
to the obvious context so I said that
that position believing that that
actually happened and Israel didn't
notice I said that position is not
credible compared to the obvious
interpretation which is that he was
talking about fine people on both sides
of the statute question now having said
this what is somebody gonna do right
what would do well would David Pakman
response be what I've said say directly
that you believe the president United
States have said this in public and
thought that would turn out okay and you
also believe that Israel didn't notice
or decided not to make a fuss about it
say those things if that's what you
believe what do you think David Pakman
response was I will read it to you he
said any understanding of the propaganda
model and of how consent and dissent are
manufactured in a geopolitical world
would more than explain those apparent
incongruencies merely pointing out that
Trump's daughter is Jewish is a very
myopic argument do you see it yeah now
I'm gonna read it again because the
first time you heard it you were
probably waiting for waiting for it to
make sense so you're you know the
sentence starts and you go okay let's
see where it's going alright I think I
see where it's going wait are you done
talking because it didn't go anywhere
it's word salad all right let me read it
again so you can get the full
deliciousness of it and let me let me
give you mine and then his so you can
see the the juxtaposition all right my
kill shot in terms of the argument is
you think the president
intentionally praised neo-nazis in front
of the world and figure that would go
well and then I said and Israel didn't
notice now those are pretty solid points
put in the form of a question now if you
ask a question that directly do you
think the president did this and do you
think that your interpretation as the
Israel was okay with it confirm that is
that true or false
instead of confirming it or even denying
it his answer was any understanding of
the propaganda model and it's how
consent and dissent are manufactured in
a geopolitical world would more than
explain this apparent incongruencies
merely pointing out that trumps
daughter's Jewish is a very myopic
argument that's the end of the argument
right as soon as one person goes into
word solid there's nothing else to say I
don't I don't need to continue the
argument because it's already over now I
I just tweeted this morning to him to
invite him on the periscope to see if we
could come to a some kind of final
understanding on just this this minor
question I don't know if he'll you know
feel want to do that but notice how
effective that was in my experience and
you could maybe some people who follow
me on Twitter can confirm this some of
you who have gone through the cycle just
like this you've used the same arguments
I've seen them and you've argued with
people who thought fine people really
happened haven't you noticed that when
you do it the person either changes the
subject or or ends up with word salad
have you all noticed that try to try it
yourself try it in your personal life
and make sure you you know once once
you've explained what the real context
is that it's about both sides and people
on both sides of the statute question
and then go with the do you believe the
president intentionally said this in
public I thought it would go well and
then and that Israel was okay with it
and didn't notice didn't seem to have
any problem with it was that what you
believe because nobody's gonna say I do
believe that and if they do they're
gonna their brain is gonna explode all
right this isn't it's enough on that
here's a question I see some of you
prompting me that Candice's and hog
Newsome's that that interview went down
or got that was I guess released yes
today must be released today so I
haven't watched that yet but I will
and here's the question to you what
happened to black lives matter do black
lives is everybody agreed that we're all
good now on that black lives matter now
what why don't we see them anymore yeah
this is another one of those the dog
that didn't bark
have there been no high-level police
shootings of the type that black lives
matter mostly concentrates on didn't
they just sort of disappear so it looks
to me like black lives matter just sort
of disappeared and I don't know why
could it be that there is no longer this
feeling about this president is it
possible that people see good things
happening on criminal justice employment
they see strong border stuff which by
the way if you were not aware of this
the African American community is not
big on letting people come in to compete
for jobs you know that the African
American community kind of likes a
border they like a border on average so
it feels to be like black lives matter
just sort of went away how about an Tifa
do you remember that an tyfa big
gathering this weekend
neither do i
are they starting to peter out I think
they are have you seen a March with the
pink hats lately not lately now
maybe it's because it's winter you know
that could explain a lot actually it
could be that it's just winter and
things slowed down a little bit
nobody wants to be outdoors but it feels
to me like the president is entering a
really good period his his approval is
up not as high as you know you might
want it to be but it's up what about the
NFL protests and if he'll protests
stopped didn't they they'll just stopped
so it seems to me that the a lot of the
was a symbolic resistance has petered
out we don't see much from Anti Fog we
don't see black lives matter at all we
just sort of disappeared we don't see
the NFL of kneeling why what what
changed well I think what changed is the
longer you go without the president
doing something that confirms their
deepest worst suspicions the more it
doesn't seem realistic somebody said the
Super Bowl ended but they weren't they
weren't kneeling in any way so yes
people are saying the funding dried up
that's possible
so now on top of the fact that the the
protests seem to have died down in this
country for whatever reason have you
noticed also that the president has not
created any new outrages lately now he
comes up with some good nicknames the he
called Ann Coulter wacky on Twitter he
called Bernie crazy he called somebody
else something else but have you noticed
that President Trump is - is staying
within the lane
it's his lane meaning that he's got the
nicknames and he'll still give you his
opinion etc but he's not really leaving
the lane is he he's not saying things
that are taken out of context that I
guess all the insider books have been
debunked people are getting tired of the
anonymous sources just stopped working
have you noticed that the anonymous
source stuff just stopped working and
then there was the the Russia collusion
that just stopped the obstruction of
justice looks like that's going to be
nothing because you can't obstruct an
investigation well you can't
since the mauler thing is not a Justice
job it's that it's a different animal
you can't really obstruct it and I don't
think League of probably go with
perspective so the president has now
this yeah they're they're these 80 80
some 81 requests for just looking for
stuff now correct me if I'm wrong if
you're the Dems and you struck out on
collusion and you struck out on you're
gonna strike out on the other stuff that
we know about and you send out 81
requests for people and entities and
you're basically ruining these people so
I don't know if you know about Michael
Caputo Republican consultant type who
has just refused he got hit with one of
the the requests and he just said I'm
out because I'm not gonna ruin my family
with legal expenses for a witch-hunt so
he just said I'm out I'm not not
complying now I hope all 81 do the same
because it would be a tragedy if he
would if you were the only one who said
no and then and then he gets some kind
of penalty for that it would be a
tragedy on top of a tragedy I'm hoping
that other people take the same stand
which is this is enough you know the
is just so naked League so nakedly
political that it doesn't help the
country doesn't help anybody it's just
all bad now it seems to me that Jerry
Nadler who I like to call old nads
old nads has in my opinion overreached
because I think even if you're an anti
jumper and you're watching him
you're watching old nads and his 81
people he wants to talk to you just in
case don't you know that that's
illegitimate even the people who wish
that they could find something untried
Trump even the people who wish Trump
would leave office even the people who
are sure that maybe there must be
something bad there if you look hard
enough you'll find something even the
people who think there's something there
and they wish Trump would go even they
know this is too far don't you think
don't you think that they hold
simultaneously you know well I hope it
works but I have to admit this is way
beyond this is way beyond the pale I
think people have both feelings I don't
think anybody's thinking I don't say
anybody but I think the majority are not
thinking this is legitimate even the
people who are anti Trump though they
could probably feel it and so it feels
to be that the old nads empty of the
clip
throw everything at the monster
technique youth is probably going to
hurt the Dems because it reduces them to
what would be the word nitpickers or it
reduces them to basically you know in
the Philippines there's this thing
called smoky mountain have you ever
heard of that a smoky mountain is a
literally a mountain of garbage and
people are so poor that they that there
are poor people climbing through the
garbage on Smoky Mountain looking for
any you know any food or anything and it
feels like old nadz is just on Smoky
Mountain looking for
there must be something in the air about
Trump we could find something and it's
all becoming weak and pathetic and it
looks it makes them look like yeah I
feel like there's an analogy here that
would be funny something about their
they're literally looking for the fleas
you know they miss the dog they're
looking for the fleas instead of the dog
I guess at this point something like
that I'll work on that analogy anyway so
so I checked the news today to see what
what they're hammering on Trump for
because you know there's gonna be
something right you can't open up it's
impossible to look at the news on CNN
and now see some Trump bashing so here
was the worst Trump bashing he signed
Bibles that's it the worst thing they
could come up with about Trump this week
is that he signed Bibles for people when
he visited as a disaster zone so first
of all he visited a disaster zone so
that's you know that's a good look for
any president and second of all he was
signing a Bible do you know what people
hear when they hear that story now
apparently you know people are saying
that's bad for him because you didn't
write the Bible with you you're not God
why are you signing the Bible but when
you hear the story all you hear is Trump
Bible it's all good it's just all good
the worst thing that could say about him
is a good story you sign the Bible all
right there's a story now about North
Korea is fixing up one of its missile
rocket launching facilities and so
people are looking for why this means
President Trump is failing in his
negotiations now the first place I saw
this report was NBC and I don't know if
you have the same feeling I do but Glenn
Greenwald has completely ruined me on
NBC so
NBC News breaks a story and it's bad for
Trump the first thing I say is outs CIA
you know it's just a BS story from an
NBC my first thought is that it's not
true before I even look at the details
of the story I swear to God and I don't
I don't have this feeling about CNN all
right so as much as i mock CNN if
there's a breaking news on see it in I
usually think it's probably true you
know everybody's got their fake news
problems but if CNN breaks the story I
think it's probably true but when NBC
breaks the story I have the opposite
feeling as soon as I see NBC on it
that's the first thing I look for words
that come from I see the NBC and ago
there's just something that somebody's
making up could he be an ambiguous story
from a satellite
could it be an anonymous source you know
typical NBC story so this story says
they're fixing up this facility that
apparently could launch ICBM missiles
for testing but it also could be a
rocket for satellites now I'm not too up
on what North Korea did with satellites
but I think they would be allowed to
launch a rocket for satellites I don't
know that that's probably but in any
case it makes sense that they're fixing
up that facility even if it's just for
negotiating purposes you know even if
they're just trying to you know hint to
trump well you know you haven't given us
what we want maybe we'll just fix up
this missile facility we won't we won't
necessarily be launching a missile but
let's just fix up this facility so in
the context of the negotiation no big
deal probably is exactly what they
should be doing to create a little doubt
in our minds so there will be a little
more flexible now have you noticed that
Bernie Sanders looks moderate lately and
wondering how that's going to play out
because Sanders looks moderate compared
to the AOC s and the and the further
left group and it feels to be like
that's that's an important story because
his the Bernie proposals went from crazy
far to left to somewhere in the middle
but you know we didn't change well I
guess we did change mentally he didn't
change and now he moved from the far
left to sort of the middle just because
other people got left of him and it
makes him look more moderate than he
would have looked before and we're also
getting used to the ideas the more you
think about stuff even if you don't like
it the more normal it becomes just
because you're thinking about it a lot
so the first time you ever heard free
college your you know your hair caught
on fire and you thought we can't afford
that that'll never work blah blah by the
millionth time you hear free college you
start thinking to yourself well maybe
there's a way you know maybe we can get
there somehow so I like to use the the
catch phrase that capitalism delivers
what socialism promises and if Trump
takes some version of that as his slogan
socialism is just going to be wiped out
socialism can't stand up to that framing
so if Trump adopts as a aspirational
goal that people should have good health
care and they should be able to afford
college and have a good wage he can say
I embrace every one of your goals I have
a way to get as close as possible and
somebody says that's a Prager at you
quote I haven't heard it from Prague
review but I would not be surprised if
they have a similar thought and maybe I
saw it there and I don't remember but
the idea of it is wrong that capitalism
delivers what socialism promises
I wouldn't just say capitalism delivers
and then period socialism promises
that's weaker than to say capitalism
delivers what socialism promises it's
the what socialism promises that's the
the the powerful part is that you're
talking about the same end state the
same end state is everybody's happy with
their healthcare everybody's happy with
the college everybody's got a good wage
that's the end state everybody agrees on
that
it's just capitalism delivers what
socialism promises please consider
moving your mic away from your throat
away from my throat I think what I might
need to do is put a topper on my
microphone because it's a little too
sensitive I've been I've been hearing
that comment now all right so I want to
talk about sports and how a sports are
broken and I'm going to come to this
through the side door I've been having a
fun conversation with people on the
question of trans a Thwaites
specifically people born men who become
or make the transition I guess to
identify as women and then play women's
sports and people who are conservative
mostly say damn you Scott how can you
support what they would call men but I
would call women because they've
identify and they've transformed as much
as they can and they say that's not fair
because it's there's such a difference
in their skill level it ruins the sports
well let's dig into that a little bit
number one what if women tried to play
professional
football well I think professional
football is a sport that should stop
anyway because of the head injuries
likewise I think that professional
boxing and and cage fighting what do you
call that
Ultimate Fighting what's that called I
think those things are unnecessary
sports I have no problem if somebody
wants to do it and somebody else wants
to watch it but these are completely
unnecessary sports so do you care if and
and there's not much of a women's
football league anyway now let's say
that a somebody born a man transitions
to identify as female and then goes into
a cage fight with a woman why would the
woman take that match omma so I guess
that's the what I was looking for so
let's say you know some biologically
born man transitions to woman and and
then wants to fight with only women well
the women have an option of fighting
they could just say now we choose not to
and then then the capitalism takes care
of it there's no fight nobody nobody
takes the fight that's the end of it now
let's take badminton is is it a problem
if a biologically born man who
transitions to a woman enters the
women's badminton league probably not I
don't know
probably doesn't make much difference
about ping pong no probably not doesn't
make much difference how about bowling
probably doesn't make much difference
yeah how about soccer in theory a male
should have some advantages on average
over the average female
would it ruin soccer well in my
experience I've played far more I think
this is true I played a lot more co-ed
soccer than I have played all men on the
field
and soccers my favorite sport and I
would say that co-ed soccer is actually
way more fun now if you were doing a
competitive and it was professional well
you've got different standards there but
why do we need that so the next thing
I'm going to say is that schools that
push this high level competition for the
kids are more bad than good in other
words so if people say to me well what
about high school in college you know
you can't have you know somebody you're
such a strong player or be on a woman's
team it would ruin the sport to which I
say maybe it needs to be ruined maybe we
should not be driving kids all over the
state every weekend to pail to play
sports at some high level when it gives
them basically no beneficial no benefits
for the rest of their life
sports are great but here let's compare
these two things if you said hey we're
gonna have these teams they're co-ed
you've got to have at least a few women
on every team will have these friendly
friendly league will have a good time
compared to you're gonna be on the
competitive team you're gonna work every
weekend you're gonna be up till midnight
by the time you practice and then do
your homework and then every weekend the
whole family has to drive you around the
state to go to your highly competitive
match does you're in the Elite League
you're one of the good kids I don't know
that those kids have a better life I
don't know that anybody's better off
from that it's a big burden it's a big
expense it's now fair to the kids who
don't have enough wherewithal enough
income to do these higher league stuff
it's basically you should just go away
now here's the other thing sports in
high school less so in college but
sports in high school are primarily
about humiliating the people who are bad
in sports let me say that again sports
in high school the primary thing that's
happening is the humiliation of the
people who are not good at sports
because for every team that has some
really good players on it most people
are not them most people are just being
that they were not born as good-good
athletes so you have a situation that
for the benefit of the few elite
athletes who really do enjoy the whole
thing and there's certainly some people
who can you know love the competition
you know they they thrive in it they
they learn what it's like to be a winner
and sometimes losing they get better
character all those things are true for
about five percent of the kids the other
95 percent are just continually reminded
that they're not as good as those five
percent as something that isn't that
important so we we first of all take
sports and we blow it up like it's
important because it's fun but it's not
really important we blow it up like it's
really important and then we say these
few stars are that good ones oh man
they're great this is five percent
they're great in sports so that we can
humiliate the ninety five percent we
just were not born with the interest the
knee of the muscle structure the anti
coordination to do that stuff so it's
the cruelest most unproductive thing
people get injured for no good reason
etc I think the whole sports world needs
to be retooled especially in high school
now let's take sports themselves I would
say tennis is a completely broken sport
tennis started out as a great idea to
people will hit miss ball back and forth
but then the equipment got better and
better and as the the quality of the
racket improved the speed of the serve
got so fast that mostly tennis is
watching somebody serve and they either
hit a ace the care returned or they
double fault so that the serve which
started out to be just a way to get the
ball in play turned into the thing that
ruins the sport because the rackets got
so good and people got so good at
hitting it fast that it just ruins this
more so you should get rid of the serve
and and by the way there is a 10
game where you do get rid of the serve
somebody starts the ball and you have to
hit it by the third hit the ball is live
but you just start it from your hand
so tennis is broken because the
equipment got to good and then the serve
just ruins the whole game take
basketball is it fair that short people
play basketball and tall people play
basketball too that was that fair
basketball should be in your own height
there should be no such thing as
somebody who's under six foot playing on
the same field with somebody who's over
six foot you say should make it a you
should constrain basketball by height
you should just shouldn't have different
heights in the same field in soccer it
should be co-ed and get rid of the and
you should make the goals bigger imagine
taking soccer and just making the goals
wider so that the end score is you know
12 to 15 the how much not fun is it that
you know it would be fun is to have a
goal for for soccer that's a big goal
where the keeper is and then there's a
shorter extension that's you know maybe
only three feet tall so you've got a few
ways to score and the keeper can't can't
cover at all but the other players could
now take baseball baseball is barely a
sport baseball if you like baseball you
probably like the atmosphere you like
the statistics you like I sort of as a
hobby but as a sport
it no longer keeps up with the modern
modern sense of attention span so how
many how many biologically born men who
transitioned to women are ruining
women's professional Major League
Baseball it's sort of like not a problem
is it
so so sports are largely ruined what's
another sport um yes illicit football
should just go away because all it is is
a way to injure the the brains of
children and adults
let's take golf alright
golf golf is broken because the clubs
are different lengths do you know how
much easier it would be to play golf if
your clubs were always the same length
so you never had to figure out where the
you know the distance from you to the
ball is golf is a stupid idea and it's
got all these rules that make it less
fun that it should be yes high level
competition is great for a small number
of people and for the rest it's just a
way to feel bad so then some people who
said to me when I said well why can't
you have you know transgender competing
in the women's in the women's divisions
and people said to me well if you're in
favor of that if you're in favor of that
are you in favor of athletes using
performance-enhancing drugs how about
that Scott huh if you're in favor of
transgenders you wouldn't you also be in
favor of performance-enhancing drugs
Scott to which I say yes of course I am
I'm very much in favor of
performance-enhancing drugs so long as
everybody's on the same you know same
rules right now we have a situation
where people use them cheating and other
people don't want to cheat so they don't
use them have you seen the muscle
structure of some of your famous top
tennis players you try to tell me that
the top tennis players both male and
female are not taking
performance-enhancing drugs maybe maybe
they have sudden muscle growth in their
30s
maybe maybe they got a a better trainer
maybe when they turned 34 they finally
discovered how to workout efficiently
and their muscles started growing
quickly
maybe I don't think so
to me it seems that most of the major
sports the you know many of the stars
are juiced and so you should either say
everybody could do it or nobody can do
it here are the risks here are the
benefits so when you ask me am i okay
with professional athletes taking
performance-enhancing drugs
I say you mean the current situation
that's the current situation now if you
if you don't play tennis it's a little
less obvious so how bad it is but you
can it's easier to identify people who
have gone on and off steroids or some
kind of performance-enhancing stuff all
right question I was considering giving
a drum lesson on periscope one of these
days now I'm taking drum lessons so I'm
at I'm just a total beginner but I'm
taking online drum lessons and the
reason I would do it would be not so
much to teach you how to play drums but
to show you an 8020 rule and the 8020
rule is that I believe I could teach you
80% of what you need to know to play the
drums in 20 minutes that's not what the
8020 rule is but for my purposes it is
so would anybody would be interested
people who do not play the drums would
anybody be interested in a 20 minute
special periscope in which I teach you
in 20 minutes 80% of everything you'll
ever need to know about playing the
drums not that you ever need to play the
drums just as interest to see if I could
do it let's see if I could fit it in 20
minutes
so I just want to get a sense of
interest would that be something people
would watch
what I would want to the thing that I
would want to demonstrate by teaching
you drums even if you don't care about
the drums is that the the state of
online training is very primitive and
I'll show you a demonstration of how
good it could be by modeling some of the
things that I think are coming right so
the the basic setup is this online
training is just an extension of
in-person training usually where you
just film or video somebody who's just a
human doing the same thing they would
have done if they were in person but I
think there is a huge untapped potential
to have those online trainers be the
best trainers in the world because if
the best trainer in the world is
teaching you something you're probably
better off well I'm seeing they there's
a little delay in your comments so I'm
seeing all the yes is coming through is
hypnosis involved no oh okay a lot of
interests one of these afternoons I'll
do that so it won't be a morning thing
I'll take you to my drum set and in 20
minutes I'll teach you 80% of everything
now here's the lesson before I do it
that I would propose showing you so one
of it is part of the lesson is to
actually learn something about the drums
but moreover the bigger bigger picture
is I want to show you how effectively
you could learn something if it's done a
certain way so it's the certain way I
want to demonstrate so I want to show
you how how effective an online training
course could be if it's done the way I'm
going to do it so it's a little test I
think it will be effective but we'll do
this in a day or two all right I see
that there's at least one person who is
signed up to ask a question I'm gonna
test something now in which I'm going to
pull my microphone and be test
so can you hear me now
and so I may have lost sound may have
lost sound so I'm gonna invite somebody
let's say Barry and I want to see if you
could hear me and the guest hello guest
Perrier Gary are you fine
hey Scott I this is a little bit of a
technology test because I pulled my
microphone and I want to see if in guest
mode you and I have a similar volume
level because that was a problem before
when I had the microphone so I waited
for the audience to tell us if your
volume in my volume are similar now but
did you have a question
well the came up last night I wanted to
ask you your perspective on how someone
like Jim Carrey got to where he was and
then in the past like Trump era how he
unspotted came undone basically well let
me say this you probably have seen a
number of Jim Carrey's artworks which he
does disturbing looking our intensity
anti-republican the first thing I want
to say about that is as an artist every
time I see one of his his works I say to
myself damn that's really good what you
know I gotta say he's a legitimate
artist I mean seriously
on top of being you know there's other
skills so first of all total total
respect for his pure artistic ability
part of what I like about his art is
that it it projects his inner insanity
in other words you know you see a
picture and it's about a subject but
you're also seeing a picture that's
telling you about the art
in the same way that let's say an event
van Gogh if you see van Gogh's art you
looks a little crazy but that's why you
like about it because you're you you get
to see a world through somebody else's
eyes you can see the worlds through the
artists honest and Jim Carrey does that
too but unfortunately his vision is sort
of dark and dangerous and a little bit
crazy yeah how crazy is he really
because go back and look at some of the
YouTube videos of him in the 90s and he
is a an excellent persuader like now
that I have your lens on the world
he's like beyond Trump skills like he's
insanely good well yes the one thing I
wouldn't take away from them is that he
seems very smart you know in his own
wedding is you know his you may have you
know a narrow channel of what he knows
about yeah he may not be anything but
seems pretty smart um so I'm not sure
that I'm not sure that I have a smart
answer for that in terms of yeah but I
would note that he probably is taken in
by the the same influences to take in
the rest of the country I you know he
probably believes that the president
said there were fine people who are
neo-nazis he probably believes that's
true
maybe the news said it was true so is it
possible to be so good that you go off
like you're beyond the pale so you you
just go up to a god level and he just
like went off into a black hole like
he's just too good oh I think maybe what
we're seeing is something like honesty
yes nobody nobody is accusing Jim Carrey
of lying about anything right and these
seem to be his honest opinions of things
and I think maybe he's just at a point
in his career where he is opening the
door a little bit wider you
you see a little bit more of the the
troubled mind that that has created so
many good things that entertain us you
know that it's it's no surprise that
performers and artists are a little bit
crazy
I don't know if that's aI don't know if
science can confirm that or not but it
anecdotally it seems like a lot of them
are a little bit crazy and maybe that
the craziness and the creativity seem to
be related to because if your mind is
unbounded and you're you're allowing
yourself to think anything's possible
can make you crazy so I think being an
artist and being crazy
pretty darn related if you don't mind
one last question just that really
random scott adams question do you think
it's possible that you could in your
context like coax yourself to have your
sense of smell back but do you think you
could trick your brain persuasively to
to regain your sense of smell who can
experience what hypnotists called the
phenomenon which means that you can see
and sense and touch things as if they're
real when they're not in other words
you'd see an elephant standing in the
room most people could never be
hypnotized to that level
some people can if I were in that group
in theory you could hypnotize me to
imagine I'm smelling things just because
I remember the smells soon so I could
smell a rose and I would have the
impression of smelling it but it would
be an illusion so in theory if I were in
that category which I'm not that could
happen but you I couldn't rewire my
brain to to gain that function if
there's something physically wrong which
I assume is case you know there's an air
gap there somewhere but thank you for
the question and thanks for your time
you're the best thanks let me see who
else is on here I can take virus Joe
because let's see what virus Joe has to
say hey Joe I got a question yes I do
always watch you every day I'm glad I
get to talk to you for once and that's a
amazing thing simultaneous it with you
but uh my question was again that you're
of your persuasion and your mindset is
definitely changed my life and I had
said before to you as well - I really
appreciate it thank you for that
adopting the non lose our philosophy on
life and I was wondering if there was a
any other I guess any other philosophy
that you would you would say helps I've
heard you talk about a lot of other ones
but that maybe aren't in your books
aren't as how I did as much in your
books that are as powerful as that can
be well that's perfect setup to tell you
that I just started my first draft for
my upcoming book is called loser think
and the idea there is that there a
number of unproductive ways people think
which is different from being dumb and
different from being uneducated which
are their own separate problems okay but
there are smart people who have not been
exposed to the various ways that people
think in different for example you could
be really good as an artist and be very
smart and good at what you do but if
you've not been exposed to the
economists view of what a sunk cost is
it wouldn't be obvious to you how to
deal with the sunk cost so so the the
general answer is that by exposing
people to the most basic thinking
processes across different fields you'll
become a better thinker and that should
they have all kinds of benefits so I'll
teach you how to do that in a upcoming
book that will come out in October but
beyond beyond that it's you have to look
at every
individual situation hard well thank you
very much are you ever gonna work for
Trump in his campaign pitch one I can't
I can't see that as a possibility
honestly if I were the Trump campaign I
would invite meeting to help that's what
I do
but I were to but but given that I give
away every good idea you know if he's
also good at making deals why would he
pay me for something he's getting for
free so sure I think I have a value as I
was doing what I'm doing so I think I'll
probably stick to what I'm doing
thank you very much thank you all right
you take one more question from I prefer
people who have a profile picture Dale
day hey how are you
oh nice to see you again anyway I just
want to give you a quick comment he
sounded better on sound balance when you
were using your microphone than when you
unplugged it
so so the sound was more even with the
with the guests when I had the
microphone in that is correct okay thank
you good to know and I that was your
only comment I so that was it just
thought I'd give you a quick one
all right thank you appreciate it all
right we're gonna end on that and we
will talk to you tomorrow