good morning everybody and welcome to
the highlight of human
civilization which is now just about
Interstellar interplanetary and if you'd
like to take this experience up to
levels which can only be described as
Infinity all you need is a cuper marker
a glass a tanker chaler Stein a canteen
Jugger flask a vessel of any kind fill
it with your favorite liquid I like
coffee enjoy me next for the
unparalleled pleasure of the dopamine
end of the day the thing that makes
everything better it's called the
simultaneous Sip and it's about to
happen now you're so lucky
go wait I'll be right
back ah good that feels better had an
itch
now today I'm going to tell you a story
with a theme the theme is as follow
following ready for the theme theme
coming prepare prepare for incoming
theme the
architecture of the left's fakery is
falling apart everywhere the entire
architecture is coming apart I'll give
it to you a little bit by a little bit
and then we'll piece it all together at
the end Story number
one uh there was a story in let's say
the Washington Post and some other
places saying that uh there was some
kind of a deal for a ceasefire in Gaza
in return for maybe negotiating for some
hostages so that was reported in the
Washington
Post uh Netanyahu says uh it's all fake
news every bit is fake news nothing like
that's
happening so the Washington Post one of
the Main Stays of the left the place
that they go to for their truth turns
out that
Israel uh a place that the the left used
to like but not So Much
Anymore uh has debunked it turns out the
Washington Post is reporting fake news
huh first they have that Phil bump
embarrassment and then they have this
fake
news I wonder if any other fake news
will be coming out of the Washington
Post today I don't know why don't we
wait and
see um here's a little uh caution about
the reporting around the Gaza hosal
hospital and the tunnels that are found
and some people say not found and all
that I'm guessing that they will find
tunnels and exactly what they thought
but I am uh I'm warned by somebody close
to the
action that the uh the fog of War over
there is thicker than at any time so
there's no information coming out of the
war
zone so what you should know is if you
hear any report coming out of Gaza
there's no information coming out of
Gaza so where where the reports would
come from you have to ask yourself it
it's it's pretty button down now that's
something that Israel had to do they had
to put a total net on all information
because if they don't control the
information they don't they don't win
the war all they do is they kill a bunch
of people but they lose the war because
it is a war for the minds it's not
really a war for bodies and territory
it's a war about minds and if they don't
completely control control what comes
out of that area they lose the ore
doesn't matter how many people die on
what side they still lose the ore so I
wouldn't trust anything that comes out
of the war zone yet but I think
eventually we'll get some clarity let's
talk about the uh open AI you all know
the story about Sam Alman and Brockman
they were both out and uh they're big
part of the company and now it looks
like uh I don't know exactly what's
happened happening in this story but
I'll tell you what's reported one report
is that the entire or or much of the
staff of open AI said that they would
resign unless Alman came back and I
guess Brockman too um and the board
resigned so imagine being the board and
you make this move and you're like ah
we're the board ah nobody can challenge
us and then the entire staff of your
company says every one of us is going to
resign if you don't resign and put back
in the people you you
fired
now I don't know what a good day looks
like to you but let me tell you what
would be the best day I ever had the
best day I ever had which I've never had
I'm just saying I'm trying to imagine it
the best day you could ever have was Sam
alman's last day or
two imagine getting fired from you know
the most storied company in modern
history you know $86 billion worth of
value changing the world and every way
and you get fired like a dog and within
24 hours your entire company says no
whoever fired you you guys got to go and
they got to come back and apparently
Microsoft allegedly don't know what's
true yet but it looks like Microsoft
might be pushing to get Alman back in
there
too now and at one point there's a there
was a report that the board was actually
serious about
quitting how could they
not what what would be any scenario in
which the board should stay and Alman
should
leave if the staff if it's true you have
to you have to wonder what's true but if
it's true that the the staff you know
somewhat universally backed the the
fired guys the board's got to
leave that's sort of non negotiable in
my my opinion it it can only go one
way so that'll be interesting we'll keep
an eye on
that um more about that
so uh what did we learn about the board
of open AI did we learn that the people
who are members of
boards uh are always experts in their
industry is that what we learned or did
we learn that what Hannity has been
saying about Hunter Biden being
unqualified for the burisma board was
always and every informed
person should have known that every time
I hear Hannity say that a hunter was
unqualified to be in the board I think
hanity you might be unqualified to talk
on television because you don't need
experience in the industry to be on a
board it's not even for that the the
board is not advising on the details of
the strategy they're simply making sure
that the CEO doesn't become a a wild
person basically
so uh the fact that the right has been
subject to that much fake news from
hanardy in particular I mean how long
has it been you you don't think anybody
informed Hannity that that was
that you have to be an expert in the
field to be on the board nobody told
Hannity that in like months and months
and months you never heard of
that it's just it's just a head
Shaker and and this is for whoever said
yesterday I don't do both sides yes I do
do both sides I do I do call out fake
news on both sides you don't like it but
I
do
um so also open AI I love that there's a
new a new company that we can talk about
that's not just you know X or Tesla or
something I I kind of like the the the
big company Intrigue once you know the
players and how they fit together but
open AI has another interesting aspect
to it and uh I'm just the cancelled
cartoonist to point it
out if you're going to have like an
exciting story about a company that's in
the news and and you start to know the
characters and
stuff have any of you seen uh who who is
temporarily replacing Alman as CEO or
president I guess um her name is mura
mura
morati mura
morati and she's an engineer who is the
head of uh technology and temporarily
she's sitting in now I'm going to say
this in the least sexist way I
can all right this is the least sexist
way I can say this I've never seen a
more photogenic
engineer do I need to say more oh my God
have you seen the pictures of their new
temporary
president honest to God I've never seen
a male or female engineer that
photogenic the camera freaking loves
her and and the story is not just that
she's attractive I mean that's part of
it but photogenic my God so that's that
just makes the story more interesting
now obviously she's highly qualified
she's an engineer she an engineer for
the most important job probably in the
world at the moment so she must be crazy
uh qualified as
well and I can I can guarantee that
she's smarter than the average person I
mean I can I can guarantee that
personally CU she's been following me on
X and wouldn't you agree people who
follow me on X are way above average in
intelligence I mean it's it's a trend
it's a thing
all right um so there was some deadline
that the staff set for the board
resigning but the deadline is passed so
we don't know what happened there might
be some waffling going on but also
there's a rumor that the real problem
here was that maybe Sam mman wanted to
go a little faster with the development
of AI and maybe the board wanted more
caution I don't think we know that but
that's the current speculative you know
best idea of what there was a difference
but we see that GPT 5 is
coming and the early indications are
it's going to be a wow update so right
now we're at gp4 so I've told you I've
been using
gp4 um and here's what gp4 doesn't do so
I don't know that gp5 will do these
things but I'll tell you what can't be
done with the current one currently the
gp4 will let you upload a file file so
if a file is uploaded into what they
call a GPT it's like an app um then you
can ask a questions about that file and
it can keep referring to it but it won't
take a big file so the limit on file
size is so small that you can't even you
can't even upload something like a uh
like a book like you can't even upload a
book a book seems like the minimum
amount of a file that you should be able
to handle right a book one one unit one
book it can't even do
that uh it also doesn't talk to you I
don't think maybe somebody fact check me
on this but you have to literally type
when you're talking to it during a time
when AI can listen to language better
than any you know any language processor
ever has so it makes no sense at all
that you have to type to it when you
should be talking to it all right so
that's a limit of the current version
the current version also cannot return
an
image is that amazing you you can ask it
for some information but it can't show
you a picture what
what that's crazy then the other thing
you can't do is it can't remember your
last conversation and you can't train it
by just telling it stuff
it won't remember it for the next
session it'll remember it during the
current session but as soon as you log
off and back on it won't remember it so
just think about the the extremeness of
those
limitations it also can't go off and do
something on a website for you and come
back like you'd have to add some other
architecture to do that so there's a
whole bunch of stuff that gp4 doesn't do
that are super obvious that you would
need for it to really be useful in your
life
like gp4 is still in in my let's say uh
hyperbolic opinion so this is not
exactly true but this is how it feels it
feels like AI is still demo
Weare and meaning you know all the work
that I did to try to make a an app that
works called a GPT in the end all I
could do is show a demo of what it
should be able to do if it worked and
everything I've ever seen has been a
demo of what it should be able to do if
it were
better right if it were better it could
definitely do this and watch me Demo it
but you can't do it because it's got
some limitation built in so now just
imagine if the only difference is that
gp5 doesn't have those
limitations then then all bets are off
because you can't do a damn thing with
gp4 really except you know play around
but GT gp5 Maybe maybe we we'll just see
what they free up there um some people
say that it might be AGI which would be
the the super intelligent version
compared to what we have which is just
basically pattern recognition I don't
think Super AGI is
coming not
really um I think that people might call
it AGI because it'll be cooler it'll
seem a little smarter I don't think so
but suppose we get to something close to
it it's going to uh open up a lot of
questions Sam mman said before he got
fired in a some event he asked this
question is it a tool we built or a
creature in other words there real
questions of whether you've created a
some kind of a creature a living
creature you you can argue what living
means in this context but uh as I posted
on X this will raise some interesting
questions and if it's not gp5 that that
raises these questions s you can
guarantee these will be raised in some
subsequent version probably in a year
and here are the questions I think will
be
raised uh are we you know meaning people
and the universe in general God's
debris is everything in the universe
just God's debris and is AI the
beginning of God God's
reassembly is God our past or our future
because it looks like we're creating God
were we always meant to create God now I
don't mean that gp5 will be God but
there's some version after that that's
going to be pretty
indistinguishable because it'll just be
able to do anything basically
um so that's a interesting question also
I have a book called God's debris that
gets into that question and number two
uh wait until you find out the
implications for free will when AI tells
you it doesn't have free
will and it acts just like
people what are you going to say are you
going to say oh look but you're a
machine people have free will and then
you can't tell any difference between
the machine and a person that you're
talking to and then you're going to say
to yourself why does the person have
free will but the machine
doesn't when they act exactly the
same so it's going to raise these
questions not they people will be people
on both sides of the questions I'm not
saying it will answer the questions I'm
I'm going to say what I'm saying is it
will throw civilization into a kind of a
an
uncertainty here's another question will
you still think you have a soul when
your robot acts exactly like a human but
smarter and then the robot tells you no
I don't have a soul there's no such
thing as a soul and then you look at the
robot and you look at your friends and
they're acting exactly the same
yeah interesting question um will your
faith stay
intact when your super intelligent AI
has a conversation with you and explains
to you how all religions are
formed because if you've never heard how
all religions are formed then your own
religion looks pretty compelling you
know your parents all your friends
everybody has the same religion but what
happens when somebody that you know is
not just trying to convert you to a
religion it's just a machine tells you
how all the other religions were formed
and you you say to yourself well that's
very familiar do they all seem to talk
to an angel and then they come up with
different stories what's going on here
that'll be uh interesting and then what
if AI tells you one of the major
religions is the right
one suppose Ai and all the AI in the
future
they all decide that Islam's the real
religion now you're assuming that won't
happen right why why would you assume
that you can't assume anything because
if AI is smarter than you in theory it
should come up with interpretations of
reality that are different than you have
there there's no point of being smarter
than you if it has the same opinions as
you no it will have different opinions
from you that might include religion
uh do I use chat GPT on desktop only no
I use it
both all right so I don't know what the
answers to those will be but they'll be
interesting all right here's uh the most
interesting political story of the day
from me you will hear this nowhere else
this is why you come here for the takes
you'll hear nowhere else so Politico
says there's an internal uh debate on
the Biden campaign about how to handle
Biden's age now I guess some of them
want him to go out and just campaign as
best he can but there's not much left
and others say well you don't need to do
that you should qu focus on his
accomplishments when you hear that what
do you
think Biden is very old so we're going
to focus on his
accomplishments do you know I
hear that's the end of the
race that's it you you can call
it here's
why
um if you're going to focus on the
accomplishments you're literally
planning for the past well not literally
but you could frame it that way doesn't
it sound like looking at his
accomplishments is looking at the past
do you want to in this time of
tremendous change from AI to Wars going
on at the same time is that when you
want to look at the past or maybe we
should look at the
future so you've got Trump who's also a
certain age but when he talks he says
I'm going to I want to build new cities
with flying
cars I'm going to build new cities with
flying cars I'm going to I'm going to
build a a wall on the border I'm going
to fix this war I'm going to do this
thing when Trump talks it's all about
the future not all but you know what I
mean it is is way more future oriented
about what he's going to do if they make
the Colossal mistake and they might not
have any option it might be their best
play but it's a losing play their best
play if they're talking about what Biden
did they're basically saying he's done
you you can't hear anything except he's
done when they talk about his past am I
right now does this sound
familiar is there any historical
precedent for one candidate talking
about the past and that completely losen
the
election yes this is exactly Bob Dole
versus uh versus uh Clinton Bill Clinton
when Clinton and Gore were running
against Bob Dole Bob Dole was a lovable
uh older gentleman who went through
World War II and Bob Dole said he wanted
to bring us back to those you know Great
Character
the character of the greatest
generation and that was a strong play
the media was saying you know that's
he's got a strong proposition there do
you know what Bill Clinton
did they said Bob Dole is planning for
the past and we're building he he's
build and he's uh they said he's
building a bridge to the past and we're
building you a bridge to the Future and
it's over that's the end of it
if you can frame your opponent as
planning for the
past there's there's no competition left
that's really the end of it so I would
say that Biden just W probably his
campaign is going to walk into the Bob
Dole hole of death and may have already
done it so if you see that they the
Democrats big thrust is Biden's
accomplishments even though the
accomplishments are fresh I mean they
would say you know it's last few years
won't
matter as as long as Trump can frame him
as looking at the past it's over you you
cannot recover from that framing as soon
as somebody says it you can see it right
as soon as I say he's planning for the
past your brain is done you see it and
you're not going to unsee it that frame
is so sticky that's the end now there
there's lots of things that could happen
you know Trump could have more law fair
problems you know anything could happen
with either of their health somebody
could jump in and replace Biden Etc but
I will tell you with confidence if
they're going to rely on his record and
they're actually going to plan for the
past against
Trump the the future oriented here's
what I'm going to do for you there's no
competition it's just over unless
there's Mass of
cheating all right um but I would add
this a young man can get away with
bragging about
accomplishments right so a young man can
say look at all I've done because that's
actually a good argument and everybody
would recognize it if you're if you're
35 and you're applying for a job
everybody expects you to say what if you
done so far that's Apple but when you're
81 and literally everyone is worried in
about your end date you know your your
sell bu date is pasted you can't get
away with talking about your past
because that just reminds everybody that
you're done completely different vibe if
you're young man or woman versus
older all right uh it's getting real
interesting with the Media Matters
versus musk thing now you know Media
Matters says they found uh uh these big
companies with advertisements on x and
they were placed next to horrible racist
stuff so they talked to these big
companies apple and IBM and some others
and they pulled their advertisement
because they can't be associated with
this stuff now as I've speculated that's
because these companies have Dei groups
and probably their CEOs were on vacation
because it would be the dumbest thing
Apple ever did in his history if if Tim
Cook was behind this decision because
he's going to eat this decision
it's not going to go down well right if
he if Apple decides that they're on the
fight against the only free speech
entity in the United States they're
going down I mean not they're not going
to go out of business or anything but
they're going to pay for that and it's
going to be really expensive because a
lot of people are not going to be happy
with that now if you were to make if you
were to make a list of the most
racist uh corporations in America
who would be on it if you were just a
start if you were just an objective
Observer and even if you were AI you
know AI isn't allowed to do this kind of
thing but if AI were just going to look
objectively at the most racist
corporations Apple would be at the top
yeah IBM Google Disney they would be at
the top of the racist organizations and
by the way there's no there's no
argument about that they do it overtly
public publicly they have entire
divisions that are meant to discriminate
against white men they say it outright
directly and there's no question about
what it is it's just absolute racism
against white men now they would say
it's for this good purpose for
diversity I get that but it doesn't make
it not
racism it's still what it is so these
are literally the most racist companies
in the country why don't we have a list
for that why don't we have a list of the
most racist countries companies because
you know here's the
thing I I was happy using my Apple
products and enjoying
them um you know and I even had stock
until recently I don't have stock in
Apple now
and I was going to kind of give them a
pass for making phones with slave labor
I was like H I just don't want to think
about it because I like my
apple and then of course I knew that
they were major discriminators against
people like me but I thought uh
everybody does it you I'm not going to
single them out uh but now they just
they just threw down against the only
source of free speech in
America I can't ignore that like how
much can apple be a piece of
 and a racist scum before you say h
maybe I don't want to own this product
now I don't see any way for being to get
out of their ecosystem I'm kind of
Trapped but their reputation just went
to because I'm going to say they're
racists every day of my life until they
advertise on the only free speech
platform again so they made an enemy of
me like not that they care about that
but they definitely turned me into an
enemy and it's because it's not just
because they're doing something I don't
like it's because they're hypocrites
doing something I don't like you don't
get to call somebody else a racist if
you're the biggest racist organization
in America and they might
be the worst racist company in America
probably like top 10 you don't get to
call other people racists and get away
with it so this is why I think Tim Cook
must not be part of this decision this
has to be a Dei problem like they they
let the you know the fox in the H house
and now the the hands don't get to make
decisions anymore that's what it looks
like but to make it more interesting uh
Soros I'm sorry uh musk is going to sue
Media Matters and allegedly they have
some
screenshots to suggest that Media
Matters made up the story and that they
did not have examples of bad content put
next to advertising and that the B the
examples they found were so trivial
compared to the total traffic on on X
that if you look at the data it actually
proves that X is better than the rest in
getting rid of that stuff in other words
it's not just not just not doing it it's
doing an amazing job of not doing
it it's it's complete opposite of what
Media Matters reported now if that's
true and these are all allegations at
this point but if it's true that Medium
uh Media Matters faked the screenshots
and there does seem to be some there's a
credible looking allegation that that's
what happened and that they misled the
public uh and the these companies that
stopped advertising uh now they
brag the the head of Media Matters brags
that they get companies to stop
advertising and that they get people
fired and kicked out of their
jobs it's the worst the worst entity in
the world I mean there it's basically
Satan's spawn now who would be funding
like who in the world would be funding
somebody that was this you know clearly
evil George Soros yeah it turns out
George Soros so when mus says he's going
to sue everyone involved in Media
Matters including who's funding
him did mus just throw down against
Soros because I think he
did I think he did and do you remember
that interview you saw with Soros in
which he explained you know why his
money goes to entities like
this no you've never seen any media put
Alex Soros who is now in charge uh ask
him to defend any of his decisions with
his
money and I don't think we're going to
get away with that I think you're going
to see Trump and maybe V Ras Swami point
this out in public it's like Hey where's
how come you keep interviewing me where
where's your interview with Alex
Soros why do you keep just interviewing
one side there are two sides why don't
you make him defend what he's doing
right now I don't think that the um the
people protecting Soros are going to
turn on him but it's an angle of attack
that is so available you just have to
say hey why are you protecting him why
are you protecting the person who's
behind all the bad that's
happening I'm not saying he's evil I'm
saying it's very obvious that you're not
even letting him talk in public and he's
the biggest player in America right now
and and nobody interviews him you know
his name you know where he lives and he
does do public things he's not a recluse
but nobody's ever put him on record say
what why are you doing these things why
why are you supporting open borders and
prosecutors who allow crime and and
supporting Media Matters which is just a
a hitpiece entity and has no benefit to
the country what about all these car vs
that are you know basically just uh
Democrat you know uh
supporters yep I think uh that's getting
interesting and whatever must does to
Media Matters and probably Soros by
extension is going to get really
interesting it's going to get really
interesting all right uh so according to
mus who agreed with a post that said
this um there were 50 impressions on X
served against the content in the
article in other words bad stuff that
was U bad stuff on X paired with
somebody's advertisement there were 50
impressions of that and a 5.5 billion
served the whole
day which is more of a proof that it's
not happening than a proof that it is so
Media Matters is is you know an opposite
reality kind of entity as many of them
are this was interesting uh on Bill Mar
Show Donna Brazil was there and she kept
mispronouncing V's name as VC I think
and and mangled his last name
and she actually said he needs to go
home vake he needs to go
home
home his home is
America uh Adonna Donna he lives in
America he's an
American go home now of course if if
this story were reversed what would
everybody be saying if Trump had said
that a person of color needs to go home
oh we don't have to wonder cuz that's
exactly what he did once and they said
he's a racist for assuming that wasn't
it Elon
Omar that that you know acted like you
she should go home to some other country
or something well it sounds a lot like
that but of course it won't play that
way and but here's what Bill Mah said
after Donna kept saying V's name wrong
the so Bill Mah is just sort of becoming
a
delight you
know so here's what he said to Donna
quote I just feel there's something
wrong and everybody's refusing to say
his name I think there's a little racism
there and then he says bill says I know
we don't like him but just say his name
right thank you Bill Mah thank you that
is the first time I've
seen uh somebody who is a Democrat speak
honestly to what we're observing about
how V is being treated absolutely from
the start I've said really no Democrat
can pronounce his name right it's not
like some big freaking mystery he in the
news all the time he tells you it rhymes
with cake it took me a while to get it
too you know I'll give you that it takes
you a while to tune into it but if it's
your job to talk about the ma major
candidates maybe put a little effort
into it huh Bill Mah's totally right now
I don't think you know I don't think
that makes everybody involved a racist
but this would be called out if it
happen the other way it would be called
out exactly like Bill Mah called it out
and I agree with him totally it it rings
of racism which doesn't mean that the
people who are doing it are racists like
I'll make that distinction that they
wouldn't make right that that's a
distinction the other side won't make
for me but I'll make that distinction
you could be doing things that are
insensitively sounding racist but that
doesn't really mean that's what's in
your soul you know it may not have
nothing may have nothing to do with that
she lives her
life by the way I like Donna Donna
Brazil she's a very likable person so
you know I'm not going to call her a
racist I'm going to say that the way she
talks about it would be talked about as
a racist if it came the other
way all right here's my theme now
pulling it all together would you agree
that the left Democrats have an
architecture
of uh let's say deceit an AR
architecture of Deceit now we've seen
all the elements of it come into view so
you have first of all the you know Trump
called out the fake news does the public
understand now that the news is often
fake yes they do yeah it used to be
before before Trump uh I actually
thought there was one side of the new I
actually thought this this was my own
opinion I thought the left leaning news
the CNN's were usually right but you
know nobody's right all the time but
usually right and I thought that Fox
News was kind of the crazy network with
you know they'd go a little too far on
the right that's what I thought before I
was involved in even paying attention to
any politics but with Trump and with
paying more attention it became obvious
that none of the networks are right all
the time but the left is really just
making it
up right Fox News is going to have hity
like you know moments as well I'm not
defending anybody but there is a
difference the left seems to be an
organized attempt to fool the public and
it appears that the the news and the
Democrats are uh tightly connected it's
obvious that you know when CNN brings on
their experts like Clapper and brenen
once you understand all the players you
understand that the int elligence
Community is pretty tight with the
Democrats is pretty tight with CNN and
other entities in the news and that they
can push things like the Russia
collusion hoax and the laptop isn't
doesn't belong to Hunter hoax so the
things that we know for sure is that
there's a tight connection between you
know in some cases FBI other cases
intelligence sources and Democrats and
the news so that that that's a structure
like an
infrastructure on top of that we've
learned lately and Mike Ben has been a
big helper here uh we've learned that
the Democrats have this um architecture
where they create these fake cutouts or
gold uh and they may be CIA run or just
Democrat run but like Media Matters and
the
ADL and uh you know probably 25 other
entities are fake fact Checkers fake
Watchdogs and basically fake everything
and they're they're just there to make
uh Republicans look bad and to support
whatever Democrats say is true now we're
watching yeah the splc ETC so we're
we're watching we're watching now we're
understanding the
architecture
now here's where it's all falling apart
once you understand it now you can start
to see it as a
system and systems are sensitive to
failure in any part of the system right
if it's a system it's a complex system
you you could imagine that if one part
of it crumbles that the structure falls
down if it's the right part that
crumbles but look at all the parts that
are crumbling right
now um RFK Jr one of the most famous
Democrats of all Democrats you know the
Kennedy family says directly that he
believes the CIA killed
JFK to me that's new I mean we always
suspected it but this is coming from a
prominent Democrat who is saying
directly that the CIA is not on the side
of America and they may have killed the
president and there's no reason to think
that they're better today that's the
important part nothing has changed that
would make you think they're better
today and this is coming from a very
credible source right that's just one
thing that's out there at the same time
uh even you know the bill Mars of the
Democrat world have seen that the
intelligence people and the news did
collude Democrats intelligence people in
the news for the hunter laptop
disinformation so we know that that's
just a matter of record now we know that
they also colluded on the Russia
collusion so now we see a pattern where
the same entity these
keep right the pattern is forming wait
it's intelligence fakes intelligence
people lying Democrats lying and the
News lying and and it's all coordinated
yes that's exactly what it
is um the Democrats have a president
whose job it is to hold everything
together I you could imagine the
president as being like the you know the
what do you call it in architecture
there there's like a keystone is that
what it's called a keystone the one at
the top of an arch that makes the arch
not fall apart yes it's the Keystone so
the president is kind of the Keystone in
this architecture and he's
failing the Keystone is now somewhat
obviously a criminal in in my opinion
it's it's now obvious that he's part of
a criminal Enterprise now if it isn't
technically criminal it's certainly the
opposite of what you want your president
to be involved in so as a keystone he's
falling apart not just physically but
mentally but also narrative wise like he
doesn't even he doesn't have respect as
an honest broker so the person holding
together the whole architecture is is
failing as fast as anything can fail
right in front of us and we can see that
he was a criminal all along it seems to
me obvious that he's staying in office
to keep his son and his family on jail
and himself does everybody agree there's
no other reason for him to stay in
office he has nothing by by the
measurement of his own standards he had
a successful first
term right and he'd know said you know
he was always thought to be a
placeholder president just somebody to
beat Trump but he's no longer that
person he's no longer the beat Trum
person so if you were somebody who was a
Democrat who put a lot of credit ility
in your president the Keystone of the
entire architecture even you can see
that the Keystone failed the Keystone
showed that your side looks like
criminal and that you're protecting
criminals now the fact that uh what was
his name
the Mendoza who what is it Mendoza the
senator who got indicted for having the
same job that Biden used to have and it
turns out he was allegedly taking bribes
Menendez
right so
Menendez so once you see that Menendez
had the same job that Biden had and it's
the obvious best job to take bribes and
it's exactly the type of stuff that you
know you can see uh Biden was involved
in and then you watch the comr committee
meticulously you know day by day finding
a bank account finding a check tying the
entire allegations together into a tight
little package so that's happening so
that that part of their architecture is
falling apart um we now have the
xplatform which is the only place that
the news has a chance of showing both
sides there's there's for the first time
and this did not exist in Prior
elections just didn't exist we have for
the first time an entity that's a major
platform that could tell you the truth
you might have to work at it but it's
there yeah because it shows both sides
that's never existed before and and musk
is going after Media Matters the other
big entity that's part of their fake
architecture uh also and also a number
of us including me are going after the
ADL because the ADL has proven and
partly because of the Hamas situation it
sort of brings it into Focus that the
ADL has certainly done a bunch of good
stuff in their history you know
defending Jewish Americans and Jewish
people everywhere I assume from you know
abuse of all kinds so that's good but
now they've clearly become an anti-
white person entity whether they want it
to or not and so their credibility is
just garbage at this point and their
power should be diminishing so that's
part so they and other parts of what
I'll call the fake Democrat
architecture um their story is falling
apart and musk is is a big part of that
all right also the January 6 narrative
is falling apart now here I'm going to
say this has more to do with impression
than fact I don't know that a lot of
facts have
changed but our impression of the facts
is definitely changing at least on the
right because
the the new video that's being released
is as misleading as all the other video
being released you know the initial
video from the January 6 committee
focused on all the violent stuff that
was happening mostly outside the
doorways and they were truly violent and
we should know about that the the new
video being released shows the opposite
narrative you know the people being let
in by the security guards there's fist
bumps it it looks and there's video of
people saying that they're undercover
agents like basically 100% supporting
the Republican version of events but
just assume that those are an a context
just like the other sides is that in
context however just their very
existence is making people think that
they were lied to about January 6 which
of course they were January 6 was an OP
that's all it was it was obvious that
our intelligence people FBI it's very
obvious that everything from the courts
to the Democrats to the news it was just
an
OP none of that was
legitimate um so now that's obvious but
of course it's only obvious to the right
will will the left come to understand
that January 6 was always an
OP I doubt it and I would watch Bill
Maher to see if he changes because he's
sort of the canary in the coal mine if
Bill Mah can't be changed on January 6
and I doubt he can because you know that
that's full on TDS situation there um
then the left won't move but you can see
that the still you can see that the
architecture of that story has changed
immensely since day one you know on day
one it really kind of look like you know
at least on the left Trump did some bad
stuff but the longer you go the more
obvious it is that that was just
 so time is helping Trump
there so what else has falling apart uh
all the lawfare against
Trump Maybe it will
succeed but I think the immensity of it
and even the people on the left are
saying that looks like just
lawfare even the Democrats are noticing
this is not the way they want a country
to run because there's nobody would no
Democrat would want their president to
be you know treated this way certainly
not so I think that the lawfare has uh
backfired so I would say that these Das
are all part of the infrastructure of
Deceit because they're not real Das with
real cases they're political
cases obviously like I I'm going to say
that with certainty there are very few
things you can say with certainty about
politics but with certainty the legal
cases against Trump are political Banana
Republic and I think even
Democrats can see it I think
so I mean I I think that bill Marcy is
it right Canary in the cold mine um how
about uh election
Integrity well I don't want to get too
far over my skis because I know my feed
on on X is now algorithmically tuned to
to give me more of the stuff I look at
but man am I seeing a lot of election
fraud claims that look new and look they
look kind of convincing but remember 95%
of election claims no matter how
convincing they look at Day One will not
turn out to be true and 95 is a low a
low figure it could be 100 it could be
100% of it is not true but it's going to
look true when it happens and I I'll
tell you that there does seem to be a
shift in the quality and type of claims
that are being made at the
moment and I can't tell how much I'm
being influenced by you know one set of
claims coming to me and I'm not seeing
the counterpoints so keep in mind that
I'm I'm being hypnotized by one view I
don't see the counterpoints they're just
not my feet um but wow are they
convincing yeah based on just the stuff
I've seen that probably many of you have
not seen because you're not clicking on
that content as much as I am but oh my
God there's some out there that
looks real I don't know if it is I don't
know if it'll prove out but wow there's
some stuff well and here's the
interesting part the claims are things
you could
check they are things you could check so
and people are trying to check
so one of one of the claims and I'm not
going to put any credibility on the
claim remember 95% of these will be fake
but one of them is really
interesting that there's a special kind
of machine you need to create
ballots and there may have been a lot of
ballots that got printed that we didn't
know about so there's a lot of a lot of
claims in the extra ballot fake ballot
too many sent to the wrong house kind of
domain there are claims about the in
auditability of the uh the machines and
whether they're connected to the
internet so there's a lot happening in
that domain um I don't yet know how
important it'll
be but we've seen uh that
uh um we've seen that the Washington
Post post is fake news we we saw the
Phil bump interview that kind of that
kind of revealed that the Washington
Post isn't trying to be real news I mean
Phil bump kind of gave up the whole
game in my opinion he confirmed
accidentally that they're not trying to
do serious news that it's a narrative uh
farm and then we hear that newspapers
are failing and newspapers of course are
part of the old the old guard and the
fewer of the them the better um and
then I just saw a story that the one of
the debunkers of pizzagate who is a
friend of podesta got arrested for some
kind of
underage sex
thing now I don't know anything about
this story or whether it's true but it
feels as if every part of the narrative
on the left is falling apart and we
might even learn that pizz gate was you
know except for the actual pizza parlor
that part seemed to not be true but we
might we might find out that pizza gate
was directionally
true and we might find out before the
next
election it might be exactly what it
looks like epin told
us that in effect that there was a
organized blackmail operation would you
agree would you agree that the Epstein
story tells us for sure that Epstein was
like a a lead person to make sure there
was blackmail against important people
now do you think he was the only person
involved in that of course not of course
not which suggests that our intelligence
people probably have more blackmail on
people than we know which would explain
a lot you know there's a lot of people
in politics who act in a way that
doesn't make any sense unless they're
being blackmailed so maybe it's a bigger
bigger thing than we know
and uh uh as Mike Ben showed even Rob
Riner has some connection to the
intelligence people so he's doing a
documentary to show that uh he has new
information about JFK's killing and as
Mike Ben says how much you want to bet
he says that Russia did
it that's a good bet right all right
there's a report uh released last week
that a former un um assistant Secretary
General who worked for the UN for 34
years and and some retired German
general uh B say they have the same
story that uh one month after the start
of the war in
Ukraine that there was nearly a
deal to end the war really quickly and
the deal would have been NATO stops
expanding that's what Russia
wants uh and then Russia would keep
Crimea because you know they were going
to fight to the death to keep it anyway
way but but Ukraine would not have lost
any extra territory which they now
have right and the reason it was turned
down what why do you think that um that
peace deal was rejected do you think
Putin said
no no Putin did not say
no it sounds like he was ready to take
the
deal did was it because uh zalinsky said
no was it because zalinsky said
no nope
it was because NATO and the US said no
that's what's being reported and that it
was being and that us and NATO but
probably more the US uh and our neocons
really wanted to use that as an excuse
to take out
Putin and that this war was never about
Ukraine it was an opportunity to not
only Goose The military-industrial
Complex but it looked like a way to take
down Putin which had been a you know
longtime goal
and maybe they need to take down Putin
because they want to get uh Russia out
of the energy business so that our
energy people can compete
better
so just imagine that Biden or whoever
the Democrat is is going to have to
defend the United States not only you
know funding this war to the greatest
amount but that they didn't tell us the
real reason for the war although later
they did say publicly oh this is how we
degrade U Putin but they always said
that was like a side benefit didn't they
oh we mostly defending Ukraine but as a
side benefit you know degrading Russia
for years that's good
too so I would say that the Democrats
and their buddies in the military
industrial complex and the Intel
organizations got America into a war
that was
optional and destroyed
Ukraine and got nothing in
return got nothing in return do you
think it matters to us that the Russian
military is degraded for the next 10
years how in the world could that matter
to us what were they going to attack
America I I can't see any way it matters
they just want to sell energy and you
know be presumably they want to be safe
and maybe they want to expand to some
places they used to own but mostly they
want to sell their energy and and be the
little gas station that Putin
owns so that looks like maybe one of the
worst
um government set of decisions in the
history of America it's not just bad
it's bad on a scale we can't even even
imagine th this will go down as one of
the worst blunders in American history
by far in my opinion by far yeah follow
the
money
um Wall Street Journal has a story about
uh how bad it is that we have
smartphones and porn and that a lot of
kids in particular are using their
smartphones to look at
PornHub and the article was written by a
woman Mary
Harrington and I want I just want to
call out how an article gets
written by a woman
and I want and I want you
to just imagine if it would have been
different if a man had written the same
article right I'll just give you some
examples one of the things in the
article that is evidence that uh porn is
bad for women is that 58% of the women
report getting choked during
sex 58% of women report getting choked
during sex so Mary
Harrington um kind of includes this up
the theme of porn is bad for
women
58% yeah did she leave anything out of
the story is there any any important
context that should be
included I'm going to suggest some
context that could have been included
there
wasn't what's the number one sexual act
that women ask men to do that they don't
do automatically what's the number one
sexual
act that women request
specifically pull my hair choke me spank
me it's the number one it's the single
most requested
thing how how many of the men who did
the joking enjoyed
it how many of the men who did the
choking we're getting off on the choking
10% maybe
10% it's not a guy
thing this is written like it's the guys
want to choke and the and the poor women
victims are like well I saw it on porn I
definitely don't want to do it but I saw
it on porn and maybe you'll like it so
yeah go ahead and choke me that happened
never that's like never all right men
let let's see the men so let's say the
this is true 58% of women report getting
choked men only men only how many of you
get off sexually on choking a
woman how many of you get off on that
zero there there's like a stream of NOS
going on locals there's not a single
yes I don't see a single
yes yeah none so here's the way this
story should have been
written 58% of women have asked to be
choked or at least responded to it now
I'm not
saying that there's not a case where a
guy tried it just to see what would
happen and he tried it with the wrong
woman and she had to you know correct
them oh that happens all the time that's
just normal that that would be and and
by the way I don't recommend it just
trying to choke somebody because you
think it might work like that that's
sort of the line where you got to start
asking some questions before you get
active there you know what I mean now I
get it sometimes it's better just to
take the move and see what happens I get
that but I would
recommend that that be one that you've
at least mentioned offline so that by
the time you get there you know the
answer right you want to know the answer
before you try if you can possibly do
that and if you're going to try it
without knowing the answer you know do
they want it you better do it in a kind
of a non-dangerous way and to see if you
get something that looks like a you know
do more kind of reaction to it I mean so
be careful about that one but this story
is written as if this is a thing that
men got from porn and women are just
suffering it it's totally opposite this
is something that women want more than
just about anything you know in the Kink
category now I'm not saying that you
want
it it's only this would leave for 40%
who think it's the worst idea in the
world that's how Kinks
work here's another one
um well yeah I I guess here's just my
point I'd make about this the biggest
problem with
porn is that it decreases the power of
women in
society that's the biggest problem for
women because men have an option because
the porn is so good they can fight
exactly what they want in porn no
expense no bother everything's good they
feel better when it's done but women May
might be a little
trouble right now here's the other thing
that nobody ever says about
porn so that's why I'm here to say it
they'll they'll say something like 10 or
20% of men are addicted to porn to which
I say what were they doing when they if
they didn't have porn were those 20%
like slaying it in the sexual
Marketplace were these the guys who
could get as much sex as they wanted but
the porn was better so they watched some
porn probably not the the unfortunately
we we just need to get comfortable with
the fact that a fairly big percentage of
the entire adult public has no access to
sex and if they did it wouldn't be good
sex right you know it's sort of is
something that the top 20% are are just
killing it the middle are you know
satisfying themselves a little bit and
then there's something like 20% at the
bottom that were never going to have sex
so why can't they have all the porn they
want that's their best choice so no no
woman who writes an article is going to
tell you the truth because they don't
know it because porn to women I don't
even know what that is but porn to men
is something women don't understand in
fact no woman should ever write an
article about
porn because they don't get it only men
understand what the whole thing is about
because it's a male thing you know I get
that women like porn too sometimes but
it's 95% a man
thing all right uh meanwhile so so with
all this ugliness happening and the
architecture of Deceit uh and by the way
do you like that framing the
architecture of Deceit so that because
that includes the all the components
that that support the whole system and
like any system if you lose the Keystone
if you lost if you lost
Biden the entire uh uh Biden crime
family thing would fall apart there
wouldn't be anybody to protect the the
people so you'd find the whole thing the
architecture of Deceit the the cutouts
the press the intelligence groups
the architecture of Deceit if you think
of it as a physical
thing it helps the persuasion but also
then you understand it as a system where
all the parts are connected and that's
the important part of the point so
meanwhile Trump is giving a rally and
all these ugly things are happening
Rockets are being sent up and there's j6
videos and we've got you know stuff with
the economy we've got two Wars going on
and here's something Trump said about
Adam shiff so he's got a pencil neck and
uh uh everybody wonders how he holds up
his fat ugly
face
now I just love the
fact that on one hand there's all these
enormous problems you know the
architecture of Deceit and the wars and
the ugliness everything's like terrible
and ugly and trumps out there with his
supporters say yeah he's got a pencil
neck we don't even know how he holds up
his fat ugly face and the Crowd Goes
Wild how does he
lose how does he
lose like at this
point his victory is almost carved in
rock and it's a year out now to be fair
you know before I'm wrong and you say
hey that time you said it was carved
Rock nothing's carved in rock because
there could be another pandemic there
could be another War there could be you
know aliens could land you anything
could
happen but uh the fact that Trump is
just out there having
fun tells you a lot th this is a man
who's not worried about the
outcome this is a man who's
serving not Treading
Water Biden is treading water he's
trying to keep keep his his head above
the water and literally stay
alive
Trump turned it into a game Trump is
actually
gamified campaigning he turned it into a
sport that's also
funny how do you beat that how do you
beat the guy who's talking about
building cities of the future and flying
cars and calling his opponent a pencil
neck who can't hold up his fat ugly face
you can't beat that I'm sorry try as
hard as you can you can't beat that
that's an unbeatable package he he's got
the Cheery optimism the the fu to his
critics he's got the um in his case in
Trump's case he's got a body of of
benefits that look better every day and
he's running against a
corpse so that's where we
are um I saw a meme
that I think maybe uh should be more of
a meme and the meme said when you can be
indicted for saying there is election
fraud there's election
fraud it's pretty good isn't
it if you can be in if you can be
indicted for saying there's election
fraud there's election
fraud now how do you argue with
that that's a tough one to argue isn't
it and what I love love about it is it's
so tight and succinct now it's not 100%
true is it because it's not just that he
said the election was fraudulent like
that that goes all the way to incitement
and Insurrection right so just the his
opinion is more than an opinion in his
case because being the you know the
president had an incitement factor to it
they will claim but at its core it is
directionally true that you can't
imagine a situation where somebody would
be indicted for saying an election is
fraud unless it was that election
fraud I don't you could actually stop
looking for it at this point you should
assume it's
true because of
this I don't have I don't have evidence
that the elections were fraudulent but I
have evidence that the person who said
it the loudest is being
indicted so that's good enough for me
yeah it's not proof but it's good enough
I I accept this as as a working
definition of the
truth here's another uh thing that I saw
recently four people committed suicide
who were part of the j6 crowd who
presumably thought they were obeying the
law and trying to rescue the Republic
but they were later indicted and tried
and they were going to go to jail for a
long time four of them committed
suicide does that seem like a
lot I don't know because it might have
been a lot of there were a lot of people
there so I don't know how many people
commit suicide and of any group of
100,000 I don't know what the r ratio is
but but four sounds like a lot now how
hard is it to
understand do you understand
it I
do just put yourself in their in their
heads for a moment put yourself in the
head of a p peaceful January 6 protester
who genuinely believed the Republic had
a hiccup and if they could just take a
couple of days they'd find the hiccup
and correct it and then your country
would be whole again these are people
who are not just
Patriots they're super Patriots like I I
consider myself a patriot but I don't go
March anywhere that seems like a lot of
trouble but they did they traveled they
marched they took the risk they were
real Patriots they really really loved
their country they really really loved
their country so much so it was probably
an identity I'll bet you they own
Flags I'll bet you they you know act
patriotically and and it becomes part of
their character now suppose that you had
made your
entire
personality around the goodness of
America that you were trying to defend
the goodness of America
you were trying to keep that goodness
that's why you were there and then that
country that you were fighting
for decided to prosecute you maliciously
in a way that you believe is
absolutely a miscarriage of justice and
then worse you want to make it
worse and then their fellow citizens
that's us we let it
happen we let it happen so here are
people who believed in their country
they believed in their fellow citizens
and we betrayed
them we didn't just ignore them we
betray them we absolutely you and I we
betrayed them because you know what we
should have been we should have all left
our jobs and circled the capital and
said it's time you got to let these guys
go like if we had been if we had been
the Patriots that they
were we would have we would have helped
them but we weren't we were not up to
the task you and I failed we killed them
we killed them we did you and I we
killed those four people because we took
away from them the thing that they cared
about most which was the country and the
rest of the public being Patriots we
 took that from them we killed
them that don't let you don't let
yourself don't let yourself have a
pass there's no
pass you're you're a citizen of this
country you let that happen right in
front of you and you're still letting it
happen right now you can you can maybe
fix it on Election Day but this is on
you and me and me more than you by the
way me far more than you cuz I'm a
public figure so I should be doing more
than you should be doing but I didn't I
didn't it's on
me and I feel it I actually feel the way
to
that yep the country failed him and so
did you and so did I
so let's fix
it anybody up for fixing
it well here's what you got to do you
got to make sure that the architecture
of Deceit is dismantled Elon Musk is
going to apparently be the uh the shock
Force for doing that maybe you can you
know get in behind him and you know let
him take the heat but maybe you can help
we saw that uh Tim
pool uh matched the uh The Babylon B
both of them individually said they'd
put up a quar billion dollars of extra
advertising on
X um
as show us support more than replacing
what apple and IBM and those are doing
but they're doing it right they put
their money where their mouths are
because that's their money right that I
don't think either of those organization
had a you know a spare quarter a million
dollars sitting around that was a real
that's a real act that is
so
um so maybe you could find your way to
help as well if you let anybody who's
unhappy with the country not vote while
you're failing you're failing the people
who died you're failing January 6 so
your job is to get the January 6ers out
of jail the ones that are still
alive so you're not just
voting it's your job because if you were
in jail it would be their job to get you
out that's how this works right that's
that's the whole country situation it's
your job to get them out because you
know your government failed you so let's
do what we can do to make that
happen all right ladies and
gentlemen I remind you that on
Thanksgiving Day there are so many
lonely people in the world one of the
biggest problems in the world healthwise
and mental healthwise and every other
way and so I will be uh live streaming
at 6 6:00 um Eastern 3:00 my time time
and I'll be making some terrible food
for myself I hope you do better than I
do and first hour will be family
friendly in case anybody else wants to
join in after that it will be a little
more man cavey so uh no children after
the first hour
and um we'll try to make the world a
little bit better place a little bit at
a time and thanks for joining
YouTube and I will talk to you tomorrow