subject periscope by popular demand as
you might know there's been some drama
with the patreon app that's the app
where people make donations to creators
such as myself I'm listed on that app
and you probably heard the story of
Sargon of Akkad he was a a let's say a
conservative who got kicked off a
patreon for something he said a while
ago on a completely different platform
now the backstory is that the thing he
said sounded offensive deeply offensive
if you heard it out of context if you
understood it in context you would know
that he was awkwardly trying to make a
point against racists but if he hear dat
a context it seems the opposite it
sounds like he's using some bad language
and he got kicked off of patreon a
number of people said hey that's no fair
you can't be kicked off of a platform
for something you said about in an
entirely different platform which by the
way if you heard it in concept if you
earned it didn't if you heard it in
context wouldn't even sound that bad I
see one of you saying that sort of Godin
is actually a liberal and that wouldn't
surprise me at all
but anyway whatever he is that doesn't
matter what matters is he got kicked off
of patreon and that caused about a 30%
drop I think last I looked on my patreon
income because the people who would use
patreon left the platform so they could
no longer support other people including
me
now people said Scott you should support
free speech on the big platforms and you
should get off a patreon and my first
instinct was I've got a lot of things to
disavow I'm sort of exhausted from
disavowing things but I gave us a
thought and a lot of people twisted my
arm and I appreciate that actually and
they said find out a way that we can
support you without pay
Triana and I'm gonna tell you how to do
that and at the same time fix the hold
are in the world and I'm not even
kidding you might actually be able to
fix the whole darn world so in my
special case I have a startup called a
wedding hub that you that created a a
cryptocurrency that is a what's called
the utility token meaning that it's
something that's that's useful within
the app the app is called interface by
when hub and it allows you to contact
experts of any kind for a live video
call right away now the big news on the
app is we've been a little silent on it
lately because we added major upgrade
which just launched and the major
upgrade was that you could schedule the
experts so our big problem with the
first version is that people would get
on they'd look for an expert but the
expert wasn't there when they needed
them so we just changed that and added a
scheduling option so if the expert
allows is scheduling they have to
activate it but if it's allowed then
they can you can see their schedule then
you can schedule so that's the new
upgrade I hope y'all check it out it's
called interface by when hub and it's
available in stores now now how would
that change the world well it would
change the world by for example and this
is just a small example some of the
experts were bringing on and we don't
have many yet but we're bringing on a
bunch will be doctors so there's a
telemedicine trend that's happening and
when people can get to a doctor on an
app for a reasonable price
then the whole health insurance thing
starts to change because doctor visits
are a real big part of that now it's not
the whole solution to health care but
imagine imagine a world where your
doctor is just as far away as your hand
and you've got a live video call and you
can show them that suspicious mole and
you can talk through stuff suppose you
just wanted a sec
opinion let's say you've got health care
and you like it but you'd really like to
get another opinion it's pretty
inexpensive to get another opinion this
way you just pick up your phone and say
here's the deal now that's not the only
type of app the the app allows any kind
of expert
some of the experts were talking to but
haven't signed up yet would be experts
in government grant writing so let's say
you're in an inner city and you want a
government grant for your small business
how do you get one how do you do it how
do you write a grant it's very hard but
if we add our experts available on the
app people would just say oh I'll just
ask an expert and they could walk you
through it
and then your small business could get
past the biggest obstacle to getting
funding that's appropriate for your
situation now there are grants of all
kinds from the government including and
here's the fun part
there's a huge bunch of technology
grants not technology a huge amount of
money that's available from the
government if you've got medical related
startups but people don't know how to
write those grants don't have to find
him don't have to get them so just
imagine that it would be easy to get
government grants for something that
important you know something that's
critical to the world now imagine that
all of those things that you can't find
on the internet suddenly become
available to you at a reasonable price
there's a lot of stuff you can't Google
because Google will give you too many
responses it doesn't work for this
version it doesn't quite answer your
question and you can't you can't hire a
personal expert for every little
question so we're going to fill in that
gap between what Google can't do and
what hiring an actual expert to just
work for you would be too expensive so
if you need an expert for a ten minute
call or whatever you decide there it is
all right so that's what the app is and
the big change is that we've released it
with a scheduling feature I hope you all
download it and try it but let's go back
to patreon because the app comes with a
cryptocurrency this
one of the ways you can pay your experts
you can just pay them with a credit card
like any other and the other app but you
have the option of paying in
cryptocurrency that is called the when
whe M and it's already been issued the
app is up and running and the the
cryptocurrency is trading on two
exchanges that I'll tell you about in a
moment
now let me let me walk you through it
because it sounds complicated but I've
made it really easy for you alright so
on on patreon you have the option of
continuing to do that because for the in
the short run I'm going to in the short
run I'll still be there
I'll screenshot the whiteboard as well
but here's the here's the URL where you
can go and use your same credit card to
buy the when tokens that directly
benefits me and here's the best part it
cuts out all the middle BAM there
there's nobody taking a cut except the
credit card company of course so if you
go to this link it's just by dot
remember the dot there's a dot here by
dot one token calm sign up put in your
credit card and you'll and you're gonna
have some wet tokens as much as you want
so you can buy as many when tokens as
you want alright so some people are
telling me my video froze and there was
a lost some video there for a second so
let me just reiterate that the interface
by when hub app is out it now has a
scheduling feature so you can schedule
when to talk to your experts if you
wanted to you wanted to in cents me for
these periscopes but you don't want to
use patreon because you've got a problem
with it for whatever reason you can do
it by going to one by one token calm buy
as many tokens as you like or as few and
here's the cool thing if you in sent me
this way
if you incent me this way first of all
it will help the startup
and the startup has tremendous potential
for everything from telemedicine to
getting government grants to finding
technical information to any kind of
mentor so the the benefit to society for
the app is fairly tremendous in terms of
the potential well here's the best part
if you were to support me on patreon you
give your money and that's it you've
just given money and you hope that
that's part of what incensed me to make
more of the periscopes but if you were
70 by buying the when tokens there is a
nonzero chance that they will become
worth more than you paid so you can
actually end up with more money than you
gave me now I'm going to be as honest as
possible this is not an investment
crypto is not an investment but it is
true that the value of crypto can can go
up and down so you have a nonzero chance
that can become real money now if you
buy your tokens at this URL which is as
easy as putting in your credit card then
to actually have access to them all you
have to do is download the app it's in
the Apple Store and the Google store and
make sure this is important use the same
sign-in for buying the tokens as you use
for signing up in the app and then that
will download automatically your tokens
into the app and you're done you don't
need to you don't need to understand
wallets or any of that now if that's all
you want to do you're done but if a lot
of you do it the value of each when
token will go up because they're
designed to have a limited permanent
quantity so it's by design if a lot of
people want them and buy them for any
reason you know if a lot of people buy
them to support me then the value goes
up if a lot of people go to the exchange
and buy them then the value goes up if
if the app we're making is successful
then the value will go up
now because it's a start-up and because
there's crypto involved just know that
most times that doesn't happen but if
you're trying to decide what are the
odds that it would happen in this case
here are a few things to look for number
one most crypto currencies are the the
so-called I SEOs or initial initial
offerings of these crypto products for
the most part they're based on just an
idea
for creating a company so if you bought
crypto currencies based on that white
paper of just an idea you had a much
lower chance that they will ever become
worth something then if you bought them
from a company that's up and running
such as our app so we're up and running
and that's by far the biggest hurdle for
it for any crypto currency ever having
value now the other things you would
want to look for is is your crypto
currency listed on an exchange because
until it is nobody can really buy them
and trade them from real money so that's
a big big big deal if you're trying to
figure out good crypto investment not
investments but good crypto from bad
crypto you want a company that exists
and then this is actually a hard bar to
cross but we crossed it recently which
is to get on two exchanges one of them
is called la token calm
another is coin pulse dial so both of
them carry the when which means that you
can exchange it for ether or other other
crypto such as Bitcoin if you wanted to
turn that into actual of money you would
need another another exchange so you
take your cryptos let's say you turned
it into ether you took your when you
turn it into ether and then you went to
this place and by the way you don't need
to do any of this you don't need to do
any of this if all you want to do is
support me the same way you're
supporting me on patreon just put in
your credit card here and you're done
that's all you have to do but if you're
an expert and you think you might want
to make money on this
all right I'm back i cleverly didn't
talk while it was frozen up so I think
we're good to go again anyway I was
going to say that there's an expert path
if you already know how crypto wallets
work you can actually buy these same
when cheaper by buying them on the
market so you don't have to go through
went up at all if you already know how
to do when hub and I'm sorry if you
already know how to do crypto wallets
and you're comfortable with exchanging
things you're all set just go to one of
these exchanges and buy it and it'll be
it'll be cheaper than if you bought it
directly from us in the long run those
will end up being the same you know the
prices will converge but because there's
not much trading at the moment there's a
difference in price but you don't have
to do any of this you don't have to do
any of the expert stuff you could simply
buy your tokens sign up with the app and
it will just magically appear along with
some other tokens that we give you for
free just for signing up as long as you
use the same sign-in for buying as
signing up for the app so yeah hardware
wallets work for crypto is in general
yeah
so you can get a hardware wallet that
works yeah I've never seen my feed
freeze like this before either so this
is new I don't know what that's about
anyway so the bottom line is this if you
want to help the world by helping this
app succeed and I do think it's that
important because if you can fill in
that that expert gap that most people
need but don't have access to that's
going to make a big difference in the
world it would certainly make a
difference in healthcare and that's
gonna happen fairly quickly and if you
wanted to do something that was helping
me as a creator but you were doing
something that might make you money
it might again this is not investment
advice and cryptos are not investments
the greatest likelihood for any crypto
is that you never make money
that will always be the greatest
likelihood of any crypto but in the
context of supporting me as a creator
it's a perfect solution alright so that
is the whole story
what kind of token is when it's a
utility token and we just got an opinion
from expensive lawyer that it qualifies
as a utility token and by the way if you
follow crypto stuff
yes it's I think it's the ERC twenty is
correct
and it's built on the etherium platform
yes I am NOT a hundred percent owner of
one hub my partners and co-founders are
also co-owners but I'm the primary
funder of it so anything that you
anything that you do to buy when tokens
benefits me directly because that's less
money I have to put into the company and
and patreon doesn't take it cut am i
closing my patreon here's what I'm gonna
do I don't want to commit to closing it
because there's still a lot of people
who want to use it and I don't see a
good reason to take that option away but
if this works out better meaning there
are enough people who go this path then
I would close it but I don't want to
give you a level of you know how much
this has to be before I close the other
thing but it would be my intention if
this worked out really well I would
definitely close my patreon account and
so if you want to help that happen
you can now here's the other beauty of
this by spreading the word of this app
telling you friends over Christmas or
whatever you can make your tokens worth
more so the more people you get to do
this the more people you get to use the
app or to buy the when either one they
both work the more likely your tokens
will actually someday become worth
more than you bought them for so for
those who are confused maybe he came in
late I'm gonna simplify it to the point
where it's not confusing at all there it
is if you were if you were sending me
money through patreon but you don't want
to do that anymore because you're you're
mad at patreon for freedom of speech
reasons you can go to this URL with your
credit card just sign in and it'll say
do you want to buy these crypto
currencies you just say yes and follow
the directions very simple just like
buying anything else it's just a product
and then go to your your store for your
Apple apps or your google apps and
download interface by wind hub make sure
you use the same sign-on in both cases
and the tokens you bought will appear in
the app you won't need to get a separate
wallet you don't need an exchange it's
nothing you just need a credit card and
a URL and you're good to go
now the other thing is if you but if you
buy these tokens you can use them for a
lot of the experts on the app so some of
the experts accept both cash and when
tokens so you automatically have an
asset you can use the moment you buy
them and patreon doesn't give you that
can they be gifted all crypto can be
gifted but to gift it you would first
have to go to an exchange and probably
turn it into a more common crypto you
might want to do that I'm not positive
that's necessary but you might want to
do that so yes you could all right that
is all for now I think we have a PayPal
link on there for now let me tell you do
we have a PayPal link I'll answer that
question while you're here yes so we do
it you can also pay by meta mask which
is a you know a wallet type so credit
card or PayPal or meta mask any of those
will work
was this helpful I will just ask you
that before I leave
was this helpful this is not direct pay
to Scott but also benefits the other
token holders well it benefits all the
token holders yes
but it it is a direct to benefit to me
because every dollar we get through
tokens funds the company and that's a
dollar I don't have to put it into the
company so it is one for one one dollar
you put through here does actually give
me exactly $1 worth of benefit with no
nothing but the credit card fee taken
out what's the ticker the ticker is when
WH en and it is a utility token the
company is called when hub and the app
is called interface by when hub signing
up now your flowchart is a bit off I
think it's close enough for people to
get what they need so that's my response
to the patreon situation I hope it's a
win-win-win for all of you and I would
certainly like to see the when tokens be
worth more in the future and I'll be
working toward that and by the way I
might I haven't decided this but I might
schedule myself on my app to be
available to say Merry Christmas 20 big
fans so on Christmas Day if I have time
I think I will I'm gonna make myself
available on the app for anybody who's
let's say you got a father who's a big
fan of Dilbert and I'll just come on for
five minutes and say Merry Christmas
so you basically you can you can buy me
on Christmas so I'm not positive we'll
do that but I think I will and I will oh
and thank you for those who have already
signed up I see somebody already signed
up and bought some tokens I hope that
works out for you as well and have a
terrific rest of the day
you