but a boo-boo oh yes it's me again
because I'll tell you why because you
can't get enough of me and because I
have another topic but I've already had
my coffee for today so I'm moving on to
something I like to call the tears of my
critics you might call it water looks
and tastes like water but it's not it's
the tears of my critics mmm good two
years hmm so I've been watching with
puzzlement the reporting about North
Korea and where we're at with them today
is news is that the president has made
it official that we're going to at least
temporarily discontinue these the quote
of war games on the border of North
Korea and his critics are saying my god
you're giving them everything and we're
getting nothing the president of course
is saying what do you mean I'm giving
them everything all I'm doing is showing
good faith and saving some money on
these war games it's exactly what I
should be doing in his critics say but
you've gotten nothing in return we have
we have no validation etc what is
missing in the pundits and the news
coverage there's something the president
Trump did in Singapore that's the only
thing that matters and is also the only
thing that's not being reported all
right so that here's your your challenge
I'll tell you in a moment but I want to
see your answers what's the only thing
that mattered the only thing he had to
do in Singapore which he did he
accomplished it the only thing that
mattered and the only thing that isn't
being reported
so you're saying trust
log closed mutual respect closed you're
in the ballpark yeah so somebody got it
there let me put a word to it
he took away
North Korea's reason he took away the
reason the reason that they had nuclear
weapons was to do things like get world
respect Don they have it they just had a
good meeting they had nuclear weapons to
protect themselves from the United
States does that matter anymore
no that reason was taken away now is it
important that we get to the stage of
you know validating that they're doing
what we want etc yes we're still
important but can you get there unless
you first done the most important thing
which is you've taken away their reason
they no longer have a reason for nuclear
weapons because they have all the things
they want no risk of us attacking
because the president I believe has
successfully sold that reality and it is
reality we don't have any reason it is
genuinely true the last thing we want is
to attack North Korea it's the last
thing we want and I think for the first
time North Korea believes that's true we
took away not we the president took away
the reason it's the biggest story in a
hundred years well maybe not but it's a
big story have you ever seen this happen
before where somebody goes into a
gigantic you know potentially nuclear
problem and simply
quietly while everybody was looking in
the wrong place took away the reason the
reasons gone now part of the problem
that people are missing the most
important point that the reason is gone
is that we we tend to equate every
problem with every other problem you
know that all problems conflated in our
head is the same thing so if we were to
do something similar with let's say Iran
Iran has we believe some ambitions about
destroying Israel and maybe growing
Islam or whatever I'm not entirely sure
they really believe any of that stuff
but let's say that's our current
thinking if we were to reach some kind
of a similar pre deal with Iran in which
someday they'll do something to to give
up all of their you know nuclear
potential and to stop messing in the
area etc in that case you couldn't take
away their reason in that case you would
absolutely have to have ironclad
inspection rights etc because the reason
that Iran was a problem hasn't changed
all you've done is put enough pressure
on them that maybe or maybe not they'll
let you inspect to the point where you
can be confident they don't have those
weapons but the reason that they might
want those things to destroy Israel etc
it's not changing alright North Korea
had very specific reasons that were not
based on you know a religious doctrine
or anything like that and the president
of the United States by accepting the
deal went in and changed the most
important part he took away the reason
now if North Korea still wants to have
nuclear weapons without having a reason
it's gonna cost them everything they
thought they got so a hundred percent of
the things
they've allegedly given to us you know
blowing up some things etc are things
they can take back and a hundred percent
of the things that we've offered them
are things we could take back so at this
stage basically nobody's given anybody
anything the the one exception is that a
meeting happened but that meeting in
which kim jeong-hoon
becomes you know more credible in the
world and gets gets you know some
prestige that didn't hurt us what did
that cost us nothing that was just
something we did to get what we wanted
which was to take away the reason the
reason is gone it's the biggest story
why is nobody talking about that that
North Korea just doesn't have a reason
anymore for these things now of course a
million things could happen for this to
go wrong I'm not saying that there will
be no hiccups I'm not saying that you
know North Korea might get hinky
whatever but man if you're missing if
you're missing the biggest part of the
story by far by far the biggest part of
the story is that President Trump went
to Singapore and took away their reason
everything else will follow from that
all right it might be that it takes them
a long time to do what we need them to
do in terms of verification etc but
during that time we'll have our
sanctions on them that just don't need
to be there those sanctions don't need
to be there we don't want them right we
don't have any reason to keep sanctions
on them should they you know do what
they say they want to do which is
denuclearize we've completely eliminated
the reasons for being enemies if good
things happen after that
I think that shouldn't be a surprise
that's what happens when you get rid of
the reasons and oddly I don't see Fox
News reporting that I don't say you see
and then reporting that and it's the big
story anyway yes so we're getting some
remains back from soldiers etc and what
is what is CNN report about the remains
coming back oh he said parents want
their children back and the math doesn't
work out because those parents would be
dead by now okay I guess that's
important
explosive kites yeah so I wanted to come
on and really just say that one thing
because it's just it's driving me crazy
I have said this before on periscope but
I wanted to make it a singular periscope
about it because maybe that'll be a
little more effective all right that's
all I had to say on this topic and you
said isn't Kim still worried about US
Russia having nukes and not him well do
you think Russia is going to take over
North Korea right on the doorstep of
China I don't see that happening I don't
see South Korea letting it happen China
letting it happen I don't see the u.s.
letting it happen and by the way why the
hell would Russia want to own North
Korea you know why I'm not worried about
it because they don't have our reason
Russia has no reason to own North Korea
no reason that's all all right
that's all I wanted to say thanks for
joining me a second time today