[Music]
bah-bah-bah bah boom boom boom hey
everybody
yeah it's time for coffee with Scott
Adams
I'm Scott Adams this is my coffee and I
know why you're here partly it's for the
amazing content and provocative thoughts
but mostly is for the simultaneous sip
which you are going to enjoy right now
but only if you have a cup of mug a
glass possibly some kind of a Stein or a
tankard maybe a thermos or a flask fill
it with your favorite liquid I like
coffee
and join me now for the unparalleled
pleasure of the simultaneous it well in
a few moments I'm going to invite a very
special guest that you can enjoy a lot
and his name is Michael Shellenberger
and I'm going to invite him now and
while he's coming on I'll give you the
intro so Michael Shellenberger is a Time
magazine hero of the environment Green
Book Award winner and the founder and
president of environmental progress and
Michael can you hear me I can hear you
can you hear me Scott I can hear you yes
let me finish your intro and then we'll
ask a few questions he's one of the
world's leading pro-nuclear
environmentalists so it's exactly who
you want to hear from and he's a leading
energy security and environmental expert
he's advised Poly's policy makers and
countries around the world and he's
helped saved nuclear reactors around the
world from Illinois's in New York to
South Korea and Taiwan
thereby preventing an increase in air
pollution equivalent to adding 24
million cars to the road and he's
written a number of books including eco
modernist manifesto and he was called
prescient prescient by Time magazine and
the best thing to happen to
environmentalism since since some other
book alright Michael did I leave
anything out that the you already
alright
so I've I've seen a number of your
articles recently and people will
forward them to me because they know I'm
on the page of saying that whether or
not climate change is the big problem we
think it is it still makes sense to
pursue nuclear in the smartest fastest
way we can I'd like to start with
getting a grounding on your view of I
know this isn't the main pot topic but
for the context for the audience where
do you stand on climate change I mean I
think um you know I basically agree with
the mainstream climate science you know
I think it's a you know long-term
environmental challenge I don't think
it's the only environmental challenge
that we have I don't think that we need
to sacrifice a high standard of living
in fact I think that to deal with
climate change we need to accelerate
human progress and economic development
because that's what's gone hand in hand
with decarbonisation which is the
reduction of intensity of energy
alright so climate change is a risk in
your opinion and do you have an opinion
on whether the the dire predictions of
the majority of climate scientists are
credible or not credible would you say
we should worry about it or definitely
worry about it I mean I think you have
to put climate change in the context of
other risks you know if everybody if we
were to try to you know radically
increase the cost of energy or reduce
the amount of energy we use that would
create other risks I mean I think most
climate scientists are are quite quite
consistent with the mainstream science
there's just a small handful of pretty
misanthropic scientists out there who've
been
vocal but the truth is we work with you
know more climate scientists and Queen
James Hansen who are very Pro nuclear
who understand they need for a high
energy civilization so I don't gift but
the activities of a small group shape
our perception of everybody all right so
for the benefit of the audience in terms
of credibility Michael believes that
climate is a risk that needs to be
addressed but there are other risks and
there risks of addressing it as well so
all the risks have to be included but I
think that gives you credibility because
anybody who believes that the climate
science story is something we need to
worry about and is also on the on the
page of nuclear is sort of unique that
do you find that there aren't many
people in your camp or is it a growing
number it's definitely growing and I
think we're actually starting to see it
in some of the polling data
I mean Gallup just came out with a new
survey that shows increasing support and
they mentioned in there that supported
that maybe increasing because of
concerns about climate change so I mean
I think the thing you have to remember
is that a lot of the people that got
concerned about climate change
we're anti-nuclear to begin with I mean
when when the Cold War ended a lot of
the anti-nuclear weapons and nuclear
energy activists kind of glommed onto
climate has another apocalyptic threat
so the policy framework really came from
the anti-nuclear movement and it's
really taken a while for people to
understand that nuclear energy is the
best and I think really only solution to
significantly reduce our emissions well
let me ask you this I I believe you've
said some things about the potential
economics of wind and solar or green
energy in general and and you've pointed
out their limitations but would you say
that we should still do everything as
fast as we should in other words push
every and every energy source we can as
much as we can and still be safe would
you say that that or would you say we
should maybe move our focus away from
the green stuff well I think we should
we should focus on what works I mean I
always point out there's really a
real-world case study that we've had
last 20 years France and Germany France
a little bit more than half as much for
electricity as Germany and yet its
electricity supply produces one tenth of
the carbon emissions and so what's the
difference well France to 75% nuclear
and Germany's getting out of nuclear so
sometimes people say what we should do
at all but you know when France tried to
integrate a lot of unreliable solar and
wind into its grid it actually had to
use more natural gas more fossil fuels
and do less nuclear well but let me let
me push back a little bit let me be
devil's advocate here if you were to
look at any one of these technologies
you know nuclear solar or wind you could
quite reasonably say there are all kinds
of problems with each one and we haven't
fully solved them but we think we're
getting closer to you know improving in
all of those things wouldn't you say
that all of the major solutions to
energy have pretty big engineering and
practical and maybe legal and public
problems involved with them but that
they're all improving is that not true
well that used to be my view and so in
the early 2000s I was one of the
architects of the original green New
Deal which was focused on solar and wind
and I thought that technological
innovation could improve solar and wind
and what I learned was that the problems
with solar and wind aren't essentially
technical they're natural so it's the
low it's the energy dilute nature of
sunlight and wind that make them require
450 to 750 times more land than nuclear
it's they're essentially unreliable
anyway but but let me let me pause just
so we don't lose this point the fact
that wind and solar require lots of land
does that really matter because we're
not really running out of land yeah we
actually first of all it matters in a
lot of different ways I mean the first
way it matters is that indeed land is
scarce in particular land near places
where we use a lot of energy like cities
and industry we don't have a lot of land
even in California where people said we
have all these huge deserts well it
turns out that there's a lot of wildlife
in those deserts including some pretty
rare and threatened wildlife and so what
really changed my mind was the fact that
much of the opposition to build
big solar and wind farms is coming from
conservationists it's coming from people
who are concerned about the natural
environment plus you know the other
problem is that you just get much larger
transmission costs much more much higher
costs with the unreliability so the the
physical nature of renewables which is
that they're unreliable and energy
dilute stands as really a physical a
hard physical barrier to being able to
scale them up and don't take my word for
it the University Chicago just came out
with a study showing that solar and wind
are increasing electricity prices across
the United States specifically for both
the unreliability and because of the
large land use demands now in in the
interest of you know me being the
independent a question asker here I have
not reviewed the economics of any of
these technologies but every time this
topic comes up there will be somebody
who will point me to an article or a
study this says here's the study the
show is absolutely green energy is less
expensive or at its current rate will be
less expensive than so then nuclear
energy and then I see people in your
camp who have sources and in estimates
and links to exactly the opposite so
what do you agree that there are there
are opposite messages out in the world
and people like me can't tell the
difference is is that is that fair to
say there are directly opposite messages
on which ones of these are the
economical ones well I think what you're
seeing is that people will use they'll
basically say when solar panels are
producing electricity the electricity is
really cheap and that's true the problem
is is that we need electricity 24 hours
a day seven days a week 365 days a year
and so that's why I always point to
national level comparisons so when you
look at again you know if nuclear were
so much more expensive and if renewables
were so cheap you would expect Germany
to have cheap electricity instead it's
electricity prices increased fifty
percent over the last decade it will
have spent five hundred and eighty
billion dollars on renewables on the
related infrastructure by 2025 and its
emissions will
they're B flat or have gone up meanwhile
France generates one-tenth the carbon
emissions and pays about half as much
for electricity so you have to look at
the set sort of national levels
otherwise there's too much it's too easy
for people to cherry-pick data
yeah look um the other thing that I
heard the other day which I forgot to
include in my understanding of this is
that when you're looking at solar it's
not just the case of whether the whether
it's daytime or nighttime or cloudy or
not not it's also the season right there
there are seasons when there just isn't
going to be as much Sun and so what do
you do then is that first word yes sure
like we measured how much if you used
every battery in California and we've
spent more on batteries than any other
state including every battery in every
car and truck you would only you would
have less than a half an hour of
electricity from the grid backed up well
you need thousands of hours to make it
through the windless and sunless days of
winter so any thousands of hours we have
less than half an hour you're talking
trillions of dollars really not even
even even renewables advocates don't
think that we're gonna just be able to
get our way there with that so so would
it be fair to say that all of these
comparisons they do apples and oranges
because you know the Apple in this case
is nuclear which once it's built
it's just continuous and you know
doesn't have a slight low patch versus
the green energy is they just sort of
leave out the batteries or assume that
someday we'll invent them
how do they even compare these things
when it's it's like comparing a bicycle
to an airplane you know that the
airplane isn't going to improve to the
point until it flies you know are they
literally being that disingenuous that
they just leave no batteries and leave
out the fact that they're not continuous
power is it that simple there's actually
two they do two things the first is that
they will just point out how much
electricity costs when the sun is
shining on a solar panel the other thing
they do is they will construct very
elaborate models that allows them to
hide the assumptions and those models
just assume a lot of things that don't
exist right now assume for example all
of our hydroelectric dams are used
for storage this was what the Stanford
professor mark Jacobson did is that he
he estimated that we would have really a
hundred times more storage or I'm sorry
I think there's more like a thousand
times more storage from hydroelectric
dams than was physically available and
he got called out in a Proceedings of
National Academy of Sciences report and
you can sort of tell by people's
behavior he then in filed a lawsuit
against the people that wrote the paper
debunking him I think that sort of
speaks loudly about the confidence that
they have in those models well alright
so it's scary when you hear that such a
major decision is probably being
dominated by economic analyses that are
would you say fraudulent intentionally
can we even tell or are they just
incompetent well what it is is that
there's a there's a deep ideology behind
moving towards renewables that is really
quite it imagines that we're all gonna
go live a very low-energy lifestyle that
we're all going to voluntarily decide to
live with a very small amounts of energy
it's a very sort of it's both dystopian
and utopian at the same time so it's not
like it's I mean yes I think there's
some dishonesty in it but I think you
have to remember that it's incredibly
motivated by a very dark ideological
underlying kind of structure ok now my
audience here on periscope and in
Twitter we've had the benefit of one of
my nuclear well my only other nuclear
adviser Mark Snyder and he's been
educating us all on the potential for
generation for now we understand
generation four to be sort of that an
umbrella that would include a number of
new technologies for nuclear can you
give us your opinion or whether the
generation four is where all the action
should be or is there something that's
more more already ready to go that you
recommend or both yeah I mean so I think
it's important to stay really close to
the data on this issue so what the data
show is that the the cheapest nuclear
power is is the is the nuclear
that we have a lot of experience
building operating and regulating it's
water-cooled it's not cooled by any
exotic materials or metals or gases
basically it's experience experience
experience you know if we had decided in
the 1950s that we were going to use that
everybody in the world would use a
different kind of nuclear then that
nuclear would probably be cheap although
there's even some doubts about that I
mean I sent I forwarded to you a graph
that basically shows that you know we
did that Britain for example used non
water-cooled reactors they used gas
cooled reactors they just turned out to
be more complicated more expensive they
they don't last as long so it just turns
out that the water-cooled reactors that
we have which can run for 60 80 maybe a
hundred years are the best of the
nuclear technologies we tried so many
technologies over time but the
water-cooled are the ones that the
public is going to be scared to death of
is that Truluck is well yeah the public
is scared of nuclear for reasons that
have to do with the associations with
the bomb has to do with manipulations of
public fears but yeah I mean if you if
you tell people that we've got some new
nuclear that has that doesn't create any
waste that doesn't have any risk of
accidents and I can't be used to make a
bomb if you lie to people then yeah you
might be able to win them over the
problem is is I don't think lying is a
particularly good marketing strategy
well let's say instead of lying let's
say optimism and my understanding is
that there are gen 4 technologies that
are going into production I'm not the
expert but I think Canada has one that
they just put into production is that
true so Canada uses heavy water-cooled
reactors I think they're great they have
a lot of experience making them the
reason that the the reason the you the
non-proliferation community doesn't like
them is that there is there it does seem
to be a little bit easier to make
plutonium and hide the creation of
plutonium for weapons using that kind of
reactor so it's not a favorite of the
international community but wait a bit
there wasn't there a Gen 4 that just
came online which is now yeah isn't is
it can do what it what is the site that
just came out yeah can use our heavy
water reactors they're great I think
they're really they low-cost Jen I think
generation four you should realize is
just a marketing term it's just two it
actually refers to I mean really the
reactors that who will refer to as gen
four existed before we move to light
water reactors I mean we had the
predecessor to chemical cooled reactors
we had gas cooled reactors we had sodium
metal cooled reactors all before we used
white water reactors in fact the French
and British wanted to go to gas cooled
reactors the United States went to water
cooled reactors France followed Britain
didn't and France has just a much more
successful program than Britain the
Russians have the most advanced sodium
metal cooled reactor and it's just much
more complicated and expensive than
water-cooled reactors so how might now
my understanding is that the Gen 4 stuff
was the the big win should it ever come
to pass would be that they could make
them smaller and simpler and then
reproduce them in mass so that they're
sort of pre-approved we know what we're
getting and and the economies of scale
come down now why is that not true why
is it generation four not yet ready but
we should be able to iterate our way to
do the smaller reproducible economical
model at what part of that story is yeah
credible half of what you said is
correct that's pretty good for me making
so we know what makes nuclear cheap as
making the same kind of nuclear reactors
and nuclear plants over and over again
that allows stand that standardization
allows the experience that brings the
cost down that's occurred in in Korea
and in France and in some periods in
Japan and in those situations they do
end up manufacturing a fair amount of
the components and factories on this on
the issue of size the data is
overwhelming that moving to larger
reactors makes for cheaper
tricity why is that well it's because
you don't need you can increase the size
of the reactor the Koreans went from a
thousand megawatts to 1,400 megawatts a
40 percent increase without
significantly increasing either the
number of workers you need to build it
or the number of workers you need to
operate it so small I think we kind of
end up thinking that energy is like
information and computing technologies
like microchips it's completely
different it's about a transformation of
natural energy stocks and flows into
usable electricity totally different
physical processes I think we have to
remember that when it comes to energy
bigger makes things cheaper if you can
make more of the components and
factories great but even that is no
guarantee there's a lot of what you what
you really need is you need a lot of
repetition you need a lot of quantity so
a one-off project building a factory
could end up being more expensive than
just something built in the field well
the the comparison is that the the ones
building the factories they make more
and more of them until the price comes
down so it's a question of quantity is
it right and so right there we have a
problem right because we are now making
more and more the Russians for example
are making a big investment to make a
lot of light water reactors that's
what's cheap and so if you were to say
well let's let's make a switch to some
completely different reactor first of
all those those different reactors have
been more expensive to build in the past
in part because they're more complex
both in terms of the science and the
engineering and then also it assumes
that somehow we're going to have a huge
demand you have a chicken-and-egg
problem so why do we think we're gonna
have more demand for some alternative
design than we have for nuclear today
wouldn't wouldn't the demand be the same
which is that we need energy anywhere we
can get it so if we can get it from this
design versus that design it should be
the same demand it's just a different
solution right so I mean I think just
look at what we have me so if you kind
of go there's two leaders in building
nuclear plants the Chinese and the
Russians the Russians will build you a
sodium-cooled
reactor on
cooled reactor or they can build you a
water-cooled reactor the reason people
are the reason that countries by the
water-cooled one is because it's a lot
cheaper the risks are a lot lower they
actually are making a lot of those
components in factories whereas the
sodium reactor it's just much more
complicated much more difficult much
more expensive and really there's no
need for it I mean you get all the same
benefits from the water-cooled one well
isn't the is it true that the benefits
of generation four are that it's safe
from meltdown versus the water-cooled
which can have a higher risk which which
I'm sure you would say is overblown in
terms of the risk and I wouldn't
disagree with you there but isn't there
a big difference in the risk I mean I
mean the truth is that you can have
accidents including fires with all kinds
of nuclear plants and under that
situation the radiation can escape the
plant just like you can with a
water-cooled reactor and there's a
difference so let me just check some of
my facts here my assumption
my belief is that if a generation four
had a problem the problem would cause it
to stop being a reactor whereas the
water-cooled
if it has a problem the reaction is
uncontrolled so that one of them is
inherently safe the one that if
something goes wrong it just stops
working now if it leaked let's say
terrorists got to it or something
wouldn't the generation four have a
pretty small footprint for that
radiation leak compared to a larger
pressurized water cooled situation well
we don't really know I mean we haven't
we've first of all we've had pretty bad
accidents with both gas cooled and
sodium metal cooled reactors in the past
including people being killed and
they're being fires so I mean there's
there's a lot of reasons to be
suspicious of the claims that we're
going to get some sort of perfectly safe
reactor when radiation escapes from
existing nuclear plants the truth is is
that it's just very small amounts that
caused
a little harmine I I don't even think
scientifically you could say that the
reactor is safer without running it for
a hundred years because so few people
have been killed by our existing nuclear
plants I mean well look but let me make
I shouldn't use analogies but if you're
comparing a hand grenade that's loaded
to you know a bowl of Cheerios you
wouldn't have to run test forever and it
seems to me that the generation four
would be built by design so they
couldn't at least explode and send
radiation of our distance is that is the
problem with the water-cooled
that people imagine that if the worst
case happened which I believe has never
happened right there's there's never
been a worst-case scenario that the kind
we imagined involved with the older
reactors has er well I mean I think you
could argue that Chernobyl was the worst
that could that you could imagine it's
hard to see anything getting worse than
that and I mean in terms of the inherent
safety so look at Three Mile Island you
had the worst possible disaster with
that reactor with one of the two
reactors the reactor melted and the
containment structure worked if you're
standing right next to the plant you got
less radiation than you would get from
an x-ray so I think you have to kind of
ask yourself you know what are you
hoping how what kind of safety benefits
are you hoping to get I think what we
see from the accidents is that the vast
majority of harm is caused by people
panicking you know so you see people in
Fukushima they're pulling people out of
nursing homes out of hospitals a
completely unnecessary overreaction
because of exaggerated fears of
radiation that's what caused all that's
what caused I mean there's likely to be
no deaths from the radiation from
Fukushima but 2,000 people will have
died in the evacuation so do you think
the new nuclear new nuclear plant a
generation forward we call generation
four plan if there were an accident can
you be sure that you won't have a panic
because that's where the harm comes from
I think the assumption that you wouldn't
have that panic is wishful thinking I
think the fears of nuclear
have basically come from people thinking
that nuclear plants are sort of like a
bomb and that a nuclear accident is sort
of like a bomb going off yeah the the
psychology is always gonna be the tough
part let me see if I understand this
fine point if we were good to start
building nuclear right now to really get
aggressive and address climate change
and just address even just address
pollution and the need for more energy
in general I think your point is that
the only technology that could do that
right now as the technology we've used
and has worked for a long time and has
been way safer than people imagine but
here's the question
first of all did I get the first part
right yes okay the second part of my
question is there is always a better
technology so and I'm sure you would
agree with the general statement that
whatever technology you're talking about
so if you wait long enough that people
work hard enough they're gonna come up
with one that's safer cheaper better you
know you don't believe that we have the
ultimate solution right now is that
correct right and I think that we are
getting great progress but it's within
the water-cooled designs so we've had a
huge number of changes to make them much
safer over the last several decades and
many of the important changes have been
human factors it's been improved human
performance checklists Trent worker
training things that aren't as sexy
maybe but have actually been the
difference in terms of increasing the
safety and performance yeah you know the
trouble is that as soon as you say we
got our checklists and our human
processes are much better I just see
Homer Simpson like you you you can't
tell the guy who writes Dilbert for a
living well we'll bring the people
better that should keep us safe from
nuclear disaster so there's there's a
natural problem with that even if
everything I'm assuming everything
you're saying is 100% true I don't have
any reason to doubt it and it seems
obvious that that's true but your brain
can't wrap around oh people will be
smarter therefore we're safe from a
nuclear disaster that's exactly the
so there's I say we can certainly yeah
so I could only point you to many
technical changes that have been made in
the plants but I do think it's
interesting to point out that when Three
Mile Island happened in 1979 American
plants were running about 50 percent of
the year after that accident and then
many ways that Three Mile Island
accident was the best thing to happen to
nuclear the performance improved so much
at the plants that they now run over 90%
of the year so those were changes made
mostly by improving the the operations
of these plants you know jet planes it's
a similar story with jet planes we've
had a huge decline in jet plane crashes
over the last you know 70 years or so
some of that is because of improvements
the technology but another big part of
it is just the improvement of the
operations and maintenance of those jet
planes yeah
I would I would caution you against
using that analogy because when people
think about it they think about the
crash not the success maybe you're right
but I have to say I think the the reason
I like it is because I think we all we
all fly a lot these days and I think we
get on airplanes and we look over at the
pilot and the pilot comes out to meet us
and we feel like we're in safe hands we
know that there's a risk but I think
most of us that fly a lot we go hey this
is this is run by people that know what
they're doing and yeah there was a crash
with a newer technology I mean and I
think that's a notable thing right newer
technologies often bring with them
problems like we've seen with the new
Boeing jet so you know I mean I think
like like you would expect that a
radically new technology which is what
nuclear power was in 1957 would take
some time for humans to get used to
using in the same way that it's taken us
some time to get used to you know
dollars and making operating and flying
jet planes no but but check my thinking
here there are something like a dozen
generation for startups is that right
yes
and and is that just the United States
where's that worldwide well in that's
just just in the United States I mean I
think internationally though you have
smaller players but they tend to be part
of much bigger company so like I said I
mean okay the Russians are the ones that
are out there with a sodium-cooled
reactor right now and then so we we've
got ten dozen or so startups working on
it and Bill Gates is Pro generation four
is he not or at least pro development of
it not he's now saying it's ready to go
is that true or not true he has had yes
so he had a joint venture in China that
was using a sodium-cooled reactor and
they've not built a demonstration
reactor yet and like I said the Russians
actually have one they're building and
we've been doing sodium-cooled reactors
for a long time and they've just proven
to be much more expensive so the thing
that we can't know is how how effective
those startups are at accomplishing the
hard part which is making it simpler and
safer at the same time now that's the
magic bullet right simpler and safer
simultaneously I think that the I think
the I think we should measure progress
by results and by performance and so you
have a lot of people with designs but
you have to remember we've also done a
huge number of experiments I mean we've
had now almost 70 years of nuclear
research development demonstration
experimental reactors all over the world
not just in the United States so now you
have people that kind of come back and
they say well I'm gonna try this older
design but I'm gonna call it Gen 4 and
somehow it's all going to be different
this time I think it's fair to say
there's a lot of wishful thinking in
this community as well but how do how do
we as citizens
you know we're standing on the outside
and we're looking at this and it seems
to me that you you could have said at
any time in the past you know before the
the Wright brothers well we've tried
these flying machines for a hundred
years and people just fall off a cliff
and they kill themselves
why would it work
so you know most of us have in our heads
multiple histories in which things
didn't work until they did and when we
see that there are a bunch of startups
working on it and the startups are not
the dumb people you know it's not a lot
of dumb people who went to work for a
nuclear startup Bill Gates is not a dumb
guy and he's putting his money into it
so we look at this and we think yes you
know I I definitely believe that
believes that what we have now if we
were to start today would be
unambiguously using the stuff we know
that works but it feels to me like if
we're looking at a climate change and
we're doing 80-year predictions that new
technologies of nuclear is just
guaranteed to be a big part of that
am I wrong about that well I think you
might want to ask yourself so we have a
particular kind of jet plane right now
right are there alternative ways to have
jet travel well there are actually other
than using the jet turbines that we have
there might be other ways to there's
other ways to create nuclear power but I
think you have to ask yourself in the
case of jet engines have after we had
after we invented jet engines and
started using jet engines after World
War two did we need to switch to
different engines to get these
incredible improvements in performance
the answer is no so the question is why
do we think we would need to with
nuclear when we've had really major
performance improvements with existing
water cool designs well I think people
think in terms of stories and you know
narratives and histories that they've
seen before and everything we've seen
before is that there's no such thing as
a technology that doesn't improve and
and for example you know the electric
car was not a great thing until Tesla
you could argue so why wouldn't there be
a Tesla of generation for nuclear in our
40 year future doesn't see it I mean
maybe there will be other questions let
me ask you this renovation
we asked you this specific question then
you over a 40-year period would you say
is closer to a hundred percent chance
that we'll have safer different designs
than the current ones or would you say
is closer to zero well I think that we
will continue to have a lot of
technological innovation and that the
nuclear plants that will continue to be
the safest the cheapest and the highest
performing ones are going to continue to
be light water-cooled reactors I mean I
think you gotta remember you're you're
imagining that these folks are trying to
invent something new when the reactors
that they're trying to that they want to
invent we're all already experimented
and developed many years ago and and
okay so here's the problem
just the it's always hard for we as
observers to look at this complicated
area because we're always missing
something and and here's what I'm
missing in in no reality I can imagine
could there be twelve startups and Bill
Gates investing in in these newer kinds
of technologies and I think even the
Energy Department just approved a thing
a facility for testing you know Jen for
fuels and iterating there's no way I can
conceive that all of them have missed
the obvious which is that it can't be
done that I guess that's not conceived I
do you think so then what's your
explanation for why over the last sixty
years
we've demonstrated every single kind of
reactor that you're talking about gas
cooled sodium metal cooled chemical
cooled so so why why did they not why
have they not been able to succeed up
until now and what makes you think that
another demonstration reactor which by
the way we're not we're nowhere close to
building not even an experimental test
reactor what makes you think another
experimental reactor is going to make a
difference well remember for thing we
are not talking with technical expertise
so we're just saying sort of generic
things which are always true in every
situation which is when you've got this
many smart people who are sure
to change their jobs that invest you
know Piper millions of dollars in it
when that many people think something is
probably going to happen sooner or later
with some amount of Federation they're
almost always right let me you know I've
lived through for example smart phones
being invented and and even yeah
basically I worked at the phone company
when we're trying to invent a handheld
device so that everybody could have a
wireless phone and all of the talk at
the time was yeah we've had wireless
cell phones for 30 years
they're never gonna catch on and then we
just made them smaller and cheaper and
put a screen on it connected it to the
internet invented apps and suddenly you
can't live without it so if you have
like I have live through a number of
time where even the smartest people in
the field said you can't really have
cell phones and everybody's pocket
because the the radiation will kill you
they had lots of reasons they were all
bad reasons but well this doesn't look
different than all the times people said
well you never make a plane the flies
okay there's a plane to fly as well you
never have an electric car okay you have
an electric car you'll never be able to
have cell phones and everybody's hands
with no wires well okay that way I'll
have one why would this be different and
then by the way I'm not doubting those
if it's not it's not different actually
I mean I'm pointing out that actually
it's it's the same in fact you know
we've had a huge amount of innovation
with water-cooled reactors over the last
60 years we've done all sorts of
experiments with other kinds of reactors
and so and light water have I mean it's
like light water er light water reactors
that we have or like the smart phones I
mean I mean so I guess the question is
back to you why are you so pessimistic
about the progress of light water
reactors so here's why if you said to me
yeah you got your smart phones and
everybody's using them and they all sort
of look the same whether it's an apple
or an Android they're sort of the same
but there are 12 startups who are
working on a direct brain interface and
if you're 20 years in advance you're not
going to have
thing in your hand it's gonna be a
direct brain interface and we know that
because there's so many smart people
working on it we don't know which one's
gonna win but the one thing you could
say for sure is that in 20 years you're
not going to be holding something in
your hand that you call a phone now I
don't think there are 12 startups doing
that but if there were I would say yeah
if you look in 20 years out you're not
gonna be holding you're not gonna be
holding a piece of equipment in your
hand that is very unlikely and so I just
extend the same thing
likewise with electric cars you know I
don't think anybody will be driving in a
car in 20 years I think they'll all be
self driving an electric probably so I
guess the central question is whether
there's something special about the the
water-cooled versus the other Cooling's
that means that forever the other kind
will be complicated is it is it such
that the current technology by its
nature doesn't get complicated and we
can figure out and do it better for a
long time whereas the new technology
just by its nature can't be solved is
there something that the nature of the
distances it's a little bit of both and
it's not entirely clear I mean like I
said the British we have we have two
other experiments right so we have the
British and the Canadians who have done
different kinds of designs the Canadians
have done a heavy water-cooled reactor
that's been amazing great program it
appears to work as good if not better
than light water reactors it's fabulous
the British did gas cooled reactors when
you get them up and running and you kind
of get better at using them they operate
pretty well but they've had a shorter
lifespan because of some inherent
physical problems the graphite bricks
have been cracking it's sort of the
biggest one whereas with the light water
reactors in the United States we can
refurbish them we can upgrade the parts
and they can run for 60 80 100 years so
to some extent there's a physical
difference you know if we had all been
using sodium-cooled designs for 60
they might be as good the problem with
fast reactors where you're not slowing
down the moderators is that they are
just much more difficult to manage so
there are reasons to think it would have
been harder with sodium called fast
reactors
those are incidentally the kinds of
reactors you need if you want to reuse
the so called waste so to some extent
it's a problem of just experience and
lock-in and to some extent inherant
physical problem so if you had a choice
between these two strategies one is that
you try to convince the public that what
we already have is good enough or you
convince them that there's a new
technology that solves all the
psychological problems they had before
meaning that the new reactors could eat
nuclear waste instead of creating it in
some cases and that it would be far
safer if built correctly then from from
a meltdown because if you lost your
power you wouldn't have a meltdown
necessarily as I understand it which of
those two do you think you could get you
to the end zone do you think you can
after all of the hard psychological you
know barriers that people have in their
minds and in the public about existing
nuclear technology do you do you
optimistic Leith Inc that can be solved
versus maybe taking even a greater risk
and a greater cost to move to generation
for a little early so that the public
can say oh that's a different thing
now I don't I'm not worried about the
waste transport and I'm not worried
about the meltdown as much it's going
from something I worried about a lot
even irrationally I'm not saying that
they're rational but now they they have
a new story that that problem has been
fixed which of those do you think could
get you to the the end zone the others
like it's it's less interesting kind of
what I think and more what the market is
choosing and the market is choosing the
the plain-jane old-fashioned
water-cooled designs if you're a hold on
but yeah but the market wants those but
the public is such a resistance has such
a resistance that
presumably the government has to follow
the public to some degree there isn't it
sort of impossible to go big with the
current technology because of the public
resistance even if the market meaning
the energy companies etc have all agreed
that this is the way to go this is the
public gonna stop this not really I mean
I think when the public I mean around
the world when when public's and
governments and and people are deciding
what kind of reactors to get they want
to get they want to get nuclear plants
that we have experience building and
operating safely for many decades they
don't want to make big risks if they did
then they would be buying the Russian
sodium-cooled reactor rather than the
water-cooled reactor I mean if I were a
policymaker having to make a decision of
how to spend ten or twenty billion
dollars I'm gonna go with the kind of
plant that we know how to run now with
some radically experimental design so
the way people process risk if you gave
me these two options look I'll give you
a traditional nuclear which is really
really well defined and there's never
been even in the worst case scenario
there's never been you know a horrific
accident and in fact the evacuations
have killed more than the the actual
accident itself so you've told me this
is the risk but but I see have in my
mind that in the worst-case scenario
which has never happened that there
could be something catastrophic that
could take out you know a county or or
you know half a city so that's what my
mind says is the risk and there's
literally nothing you could do to talk
me out of that would you first of all
would you agree that's how the average
person is thinking right now no I don't
actually I mean you have what you I mean
basically what you have is you have a
minority of people that that are
adamantly anti-nuclear and that think it
poses a catastrophic risk you have a
majority of people that kind of go yeah
there's good and bad parts of it and
given that we need to deal with other
problems like air pollution and climate
change
um it's worth it so I don't think you
can generalize to a majority of people
in the world the fears of a minority of
a nuclear people let me let me I did a
bad job than explaining it and
so your your correction was accurate let
me say it differently nobody wants it in
their neighborhood so won't that stop it
almost entirely
I mean if but it's not true that nobody
wants it in their neighborhood in fact
what we find is that support for nuclear
power is higher in the communities that
have nuclear plants near them so there's
a lot of benefits to having nuclear
plants nearby well but in order to stop
something what does it take ten percent
of the public to be deeply invested I
mean it doesn't take much in terms of a
percentage to stop a project because
they're they're more active what what do
you think is the sort of the tipping
point you know if you if you said let's
put a nuclear reactor in your backyard
and your public was ninety percent in
favor of it would that be enough well
obviously for a lot of countries that
are building nuclear plants it is and
for a lot of the places that are not
building nuclear plants it's not so I
mean you have situations where people
are comfortable with the risk they tend
to be places where that are developing
economies they tend to be places with
you know very significant levels of air
pollution and the places that don't want
in our places that tend to be rich that
have abundant energy and don't think
they need it so obviously people have to
think they need nuclear in order for us
to be building a lot of nuclear and I
think when people you realize it's a
technology that people they think it's
something that it's not I mean even your
language where you say there's a
catastrophic risk it's kind of like well
what is the what is the most
catastrophic outcome if the most
catastrophic outcome is Chernobyl then
you're talking about incredibly small
numbers of deaths nobody but nobody is
saying that people are saying that
there's a potential that's worse than
Chernobyl that's that's either true or
not true but we don't really know do we
I think we do actually I mean you have
Chernobyl as like as a reactor that had
no containment and was on fire
that's just not a accident that we can
have anymore given the state of the
technology and you got to remember I
mean like 7 million people die every
year from air pollution so you're
talking about you know 250 people I
think something like 250 people died
last year
you know getting hit by cars while
looking at their smartphones well that's
about the total number of people who
will die from Chernobyl over 80 years
clearly people are have a fear of the
technology because they think it's like
a weapon or like a bomb and so I think
we have to we have to do more to help
people to see what the technology is and
what it isn't you know that would be an
interesting framing because I've never
seen anybody try to sell a nuclear plant
by saying we're going to build a plant
the most people who have ever died for
nuclear is X this will save a million
people per year or something you know
the way it was that's the way it's been
that's actually the way the new I mean
the first nuclear plant at Shippingport
Pennsylvania was precisely sold as a
clean energy alternative to the heavy
coal plant pollution that was
contaminating Pennsylvania at the time
in fact most nuclear companies
throughout most of the history have sold
nuclear as as the clean energy source of
electricity that it is so the pollution
benefits of nuclear are really front and
center I mean if you ever go to I mean
we live in the in California right so
our air is pretty clean but when you go
to really polluted places deli
you know India Beijing China what you
experience is really toxic levels of air
pollution and when people understand
that nuclear plants don't produce that
air pollution they're much more excited
about it so going back to a point you
made originally it does seem like this
amazing irony that the thing that will
make nuclear and by the way I think it's
there's no question that far more
nuclear is in our future and there's no
question about that is there well I mean
it's been coming back a bit I mean we
had a you know the the share of
electricity from nuclear globally has
declined from 18 percent to 10 percent
since the mid 80s so we have had a
decline in share of electricity now it's
it also had a net decline over the last
ten years some of that was due to
Fukushima it's been coming back a little
bit since Fukushima the Chinese and
Russians are building what but but
what's demand is much lower than then
then what wait any of us would like it
to be well but
you say at this point that Congress is
both sides my understanding is there is
bipartisan support for nuclear energy
that's true isn't it there's bipartisan
support for nuclear research and
development as there has always been
what we find is that Democrats
progressives liberals tend to be more
anti-nuclear and right now there's
efforts to shut down nuclear plants all
across the United States and replace
them with fossil fuels and renewables
those efforts are mostly led by
Democrats and it tends to be Republicans
who are the ones defending nuclear so
but doesn't it seem that if if nothing
surprises us in other words if the
variables that we see in the world today
are largely the same variables that are
still here in a few years which seems
probable isn't it likely that the fear
of climate change will guarantee a
switch in the public mood toward nuclear
because there's just no question which
which of the risks is bigger come you
know if you're gonna be pro science the
people who are worried about climate
change are they balk they literally mock
the people who don't believe it's like
you got to be pro science or you're a
so therefore believe in climate change
risk but you have to to be consistent
you also have to say and the scientists
don't know any way to solve this except
nuclear plus whatever else we can make
work is that is that fair to say
yeah I mean I think that the big change
that makes me optimistic is the fact
that Millennials grew up more afraid of
climate change than they did of nuclear
war and so what we see is that when I
talk to like I'm Generation X but I talk
to Generation X or baby boomers it's
very hard to get over their associations
with nuclear whereas Millennials just
don't have those associations they're
much more pragmatic much more open to
nuclear so yeah I basically agree with
your point I think it will look her over
time I just think it's going to take a
while you know I wonder I spent a lot of
time thinking about the persuasion
aspect of this and
my great hope was the generation 4 was a
way to change people's minds even if the
technology ended up not that different
and you know even if that's a marketing
term in the end but I'm also wondering
if the the climate risks just opens up
the box to just say there's there's only
one way to solve it and if you're if you
want to be consistent about being Pro
science there's only one way to do it
would you say that you if you're
anti-nuclear that you're I know this is
more of a political statement but
wouldn't you have to be pretty anti
science to be against nuclear energy
well I think yeah I mean yes in a sense
I think that you know people people use
and abuse science and they try to
justify their views on that but I mean I
wrote a column for Forbes called the
real reason they hate nuclear is because
it means we don't need to use renewables
I think that the desire for renewables
preceded in many ways the fear of
nuclear and the problem with nuclear's
of course if you're like France and you
just get all your electricity from
nuclear
you don't need solar and wind in fact if
you add solar and wind you just increase
the the air pollution you the same
doesn't work in Reverse there are no
major economies that can run on solar
and wind if there were Germany wouldn't
you know be producing 10 times more
carbon emissions than France
so I think that the desire to harmonize
with the natural world is behind a lot
of the love of renewables there's all
sorts of political motivations as well
but I think it's not just the denial of
science I think its desire for it to
kind of shape society in a particular
way isn't it almost a lifestyle choice
which people are bastardizing to you
know to make it a you know a policy for
the world you know it's like like
blogger at Fox named Dave Roberts he's
their environment blogger and he just
tweeted post agricultural human
civilization was a mistake I mean just
contemplate the irony
of somebody on Twitter condemning
industrial civilization I responded life
expectancy in pre-industrial
civilization was under 40 I mean are we
really having an argument about whether
or not we should have industrial
civilization or is he's sort of engaging
and is this just a kind of like fantasy
I mean if you can't tell yeah it
wouldn't matter I wouldn't care if it
wasn't part of an effort to shut down
our best and largest source of clean
energy yeah all right I want to wind
down here and I want to thank you very
much this was amazingly useful I think
the I could tell from the comments the
the the viewers were getting as much out
of it as I was this this helps a
tremendous deal we'll keep working on
the what is the best way to persuade in
that direction because it seems
inevitable in the sooner we get there
the better so thank you much very much
and by the way give it give a thought to
being on my app interface by one hub
where anybody can call and talk to an
expert and you set your own price yours
could be zero if you just want to make
the world a better place and then in if
you do Mark Snyder's on there so will
we'd have at least two people who are
pro know clear who experts and
journalists could contact and they can
schedule their time so you don't have to
be live the whole time
but anyway consider that you don't have
to answer it right now and I hope this
helped the world a little bit and thank
you very much Michael thanks for having
me on Scott I take care