hey you few people who were awake now
coming to you at my non-standard time
because I'm traveling doing my book tour
for hey Peter doing my book tour for
loozer think which is available in
hardcover and Kindle and audiobook I'm
hearing a lot of people enjoying the
audiobook on long drives people
reporting in I have to tell you well
let's get to that in a minute
we have to enjoy first the simultaneous
it now the great thing about the
simultaneous sip is you can do a later
on replay it's still simultaneous in a
weird way but if you've got a copper mug
or glasses dying to tell us a canteen a
shot glass a vessel of any kind fill it
with your favorite liquid well I like
coffee
and join me now for the unparalleled
pleasure the dopamine hit of the day the
thing that makes everything better
the simultaneous sip go I think my
testosterone level just dropped about 3
points using this dainty little hotel
coffee vessel but like I say a vessel of
any kind as long as it's not leaking
it's working so I've got another full
day of media interviews wonder how many
I have lined up saying so somewhere in
the neighborhood of maybe 25 interviews
today do you pity me yet most of them
are gonna be your radio hits so I'm
going to be sitting in a room for much
of today taking calls from radio
stations or placing calls to them and
doing these quick little hits on radio
all over the country I believe I'm gonna
be on
Dana Perino shadow either today or
tomorrow
I thinks tomorrow so look for that and
the Greg Gutfeld show I'll be taping
that that will be fun
so lots of stuff coming up if you don't
have a loser think you should get it now
the thing I was gonna say is I've never
seen this kind of response for a book
certainly I've never seen it from my own
book but I've never seen for any book
people are posting a package opening
videos they're they're posting pictures
of them reading the book people are
reporting in where they are people are
recommending the book after reading a
third of it so I've just never had that
experience before it seems to be that
the best received thing I've done so far
so we'll see let's talk about the news I
guess everybody's heard the name of the
alleged whistleblower by now so given
that everybody's probably heard it
already it's this guy Eric charmella I
guess the the interesting thing about
this is that Mike Tsarevich was writing
about this guy back in 2017 fairly or
charmelo somebody was saying he was
writing about this charmella guy back in
2017 but he wasn't getting much traction
he was sort of the mainstream media was
just sort of overlooking it so that's
why I tell you you should follow him
there are things that I sometimes hear
you know way in advance if you're
following the the right people you just
have to wait for the mainstream news to
catch up one of my favorite headlines
from CNN the anti-trump Network is this
headline front so this is written by one
of their frequent contributors who is
the most anti Trump person I forget his
name but here's the headline that was
given for his article the Giuliani
factor that might condemn Trump to
impeachment
does it seem to you they've moved on
does it seem to you that the whole phone
call thing didn't work out and now
they're like well alright it wasn't the
phone call but what about Giuliani yes I
need to move on to another thing so
here's a little here's a little
persuasion / psychology tip that I think
the Democrats are starting to understand
and it goes like this people the you
know most voters are not going to really
follow the details of a complicated
story
you could probably as a rule of thumb
say that the average public will take
away maybe 10% in terms of understanding
a complicated story so you have to
really ask yourself uh-oh what part will
people get about the Ukrainian phone
call we're what will they understand
versus what will they not understand
because the complicated stuff because
the only stuff this is gonna matter is
that little part they think they
understand even if they're wrong and it
seems to me that given that as far as I
can tell even the Democrats are not
really making a strong case that there's
any kind of crime involved I think what
people are going to remember is that the
president made a phone call and there
was no crime involved how would you like
to defend impeaching a president because
he made a phone call in which no but
everybody agrees no crimes were
committed that's a tough one what would
happen hypothetically I don't think
there's any chance it could happen
because the the Republicans in the
Senate will stop it but what would
happen if you actually had an
impeachment and the only thing that the
public could remember is that they
didn't like the way he worded a phone
call it had no effect on anything yeah
there didn't cost us money didn't affect
the economy
change our our security didn't change
our international relations didn't have
any effect had no effect on anybody how
would the public feel about removing a
president because he worded something on
a phone call in a way that people didn't
like but there were no other
consequences that's the very definition
of illegitimate now I get that the anti
choppers can piece it together with
words and make it sound like it's bad
and they might even be right I won't
even
I won't even debate the the substance of
it but what the public is going to
remember is that they tried to impeach a
president for the way he worded a phone
call that's all they're gonna remember
they don't care who Bill Taylor is whose
name I just bothered to bother to learn
today I've been watching this story
because you know of course I do these
periscopes and talk about it all the
time but even I as much as I'm
interested in this stuff and I'm I'm
probably in the top I don't know 2% of
people who care even I wasn't even
learning the names of the players I'd be
like yeah there's a guy that guy
diplomat said some stuff didn't matter
and then there was the other guy who
talked to the guy he heard the guy and
doesn't matter just doesn't matter
so I asked this provocative question on
Twitter and of course if you've followed
me for a while you know that the way you
frame something ends up being the answer
so if you frame something right you you
require people to think inside your
frame if they're dumb enough to accept
it and then they're trapped in your
frame and they're going to come to the
conclusion you want them to because they
move their brain over to your way of
thinking that leads to the framework so
here's the framework that I put on on
Twitter yesterday
just for fun I asked people what percent
his risk of an economic collapse would
they be willing to endure to remove
Trump from office now think about it
think about it do you think there's no
risk to the Republic or at least of the
economy do you think there's no risk of
removing a president for the way he
worded a phone call that's a pretty big
risk you could impeach a president for
an actual crime and the on the side that
didn't like it would still live with it
they would still live with it because at
least it followed the rules if there's
one thing I can tell you about
conservatives and Republicans having
sort of lived among them for so long
they like rules if if you break the
rules there's going to be a consequence
if you break something that's not a law
such as the way you worded a phone call
no law broken conservatives are going to
be very reluctant to punish you for not
breaking a rule but but man could you
imagine what would happen to the country
if the if Republicans felt that a
president was removed without without
proper respect to the Constitution now
if you think that's zero risk to the
Republic or to the economy that's hard
to support now it might be a 1% risk it
could be a 10 percent could be a 50
percent but it's a risk and so this is
an example that I talk about in my book
loser think the specific example of
loser think here is that there's there's
no consideration of the cost so the
people who want impeachment are thinking
of the benefit at least as they see us
the benefit is they remove President
Trump
and they're really focused on the
benefit but there's either a cost or a
risk of a cost which can be treated the
same by the way if you were if you are
trying to calculate what this looks like
you do you would do a calculation in
which you would multiply the the risk if
something happened times the probable
cost if it happens so if there's a 1%
chance that you would lose a trillion
dollars you would treat that as an
expense of 1% of a trillion or whatever
that is
what's 1% of a trillion it's not a
billion I can't do math in the morning
so let's say you thought the risk to the
Republic was 2% would you still want to
remove the president it turns out at
least online people will say yes and
there even people who said that they
would take a brief recession because hey
it'll cover
Ilyn recover and other people say well
president pence isn't so bad in terms of
it's not going to destroy the economy if
you go to president pence but that's not
really the question the question is not
whether pence could manage the economy
I'm sure he could yeah I'm sure he
wouldn't break anything the problem
would be that hypothetically an American
president was removed econ 101 is wrong
learn about real options and read talib
I blocked a Talib for you don't need to
know but I don't consider him a
legitimate voice on a lot of stuff
that's a longer story we don't need to
get into it I just no longer respect his
opinion so I shouldn't have said that in
public actually if I could take that
back I probably would so there's
risk if the president is removed I don't
think people are considering that risk
it's not zero I don't know what it is
but it's definitely not zero here's
another fun story CVS the the pharmacy
chain CVS has delivered their first
prescription by drone now what the story
doesn't mention is obviously it's a
three drone operation one of the drones
from CVS delivers the actual medicines
and the prescription but then there are
these two other drones that follow it
and approximately a quarter mile
distance from each other and one has
each end of the CVS receipt and then
they they fly over the home and then the
first drone delivers the package and
then the other two that are holding the
receipt about a quarter of a mile apart
one will drop it and then the other one
will fly up and be directly above the
chimney and then drop it and then the
the CVS receipt which is a quarter of a
mile long we'll slowly snake itself down
the chimney and burn up in the fireplace
because who needs a piece of paper
anyway it's a digital world but so CVS
says that it's sort of a three-three
drone operation damn it all right so
here's a funny Pole likely Iowa
Democratic caucus-goers
and by the way today I learned that
caucus goer as one word I guess that's
the thing now there's such a thing as a
caucus goer there was a poll and they
say then here's their priority for the
candidates
so people were voting for Democrats have
these these priorities in Iowa 33% said
their top remark priority is one who can
win okay that's good they want somebody
who can win and only but only 25% to
have their top priority one who's honest
keep in mind the primary reason they
want to remove the president as they
think he's not honest but only 25% care
if the person
replaces him is honest are you following
this 100% of Democrats or something like
that would like to remove the president
for not being honest but only 25% of
them ranked as their highest priority
that who replaces him is honest but it
gets better here's the next priority
below honest is one who cares about
people I don't know what that means
have we ever had a president who didn't
care about people do you think Trump or
anybody else doesn't care about people
it's just a stupid question everybody
cares about people and it's and it's a
top priority
all right does it is that shouldn't even
be in the poll and the and then the
fourth priority that got only 15 percent
votes is one who has good leadership so
they're prioritizing ability like fourth
place in their own candidate their own
candidate they're not looking for
capability that's what the poll says the
poll says that they don't put a priority
on capability it's like fourth well you
know as long as he wins doesn't have to
be that honest I mean I'm not I'm not
obsessive about it it doesn't have to be
completely honest and caring about
people I'll be nice I'd be nice about
leadership and capability yeah yeah not
so important what we really need is to
get rid of that Trump monster so that
was pretty funny the simulation is so
entertaining because there are days when
I wake up and I have this thought in my
head and then I laugh about it and I you
know move on with my day but today I'm
gonna tell you what it is which is how
would you like to be a Democrat who is
also in the LGBTQ community because you
kind of conflicted aren't you because if
President Trump is removed
hello president pence
is the LP gqt community waking up
everyday and fighting hard to make Mike
Pence their new president because it
feels like that it feels like that and I
think to myself what what kind of mental
process is happening that would allow
you to I don't consider that as your
worldview they're working waking up
every day and fighting hard to make Mike
Pence your president is a good thing for
the LGBTQ community now to be fair I'm
fairly Pro Mike Pence I think he's been
a terrific vice-president one of the
best the vice presidents I would say
he's doing a solid job and I think that
his views on the LGBTQ stuff probably
are gonna evolve you know I have I have
some optimism that he doesn't have any
bad feelings about anybody and that his
religious beliefs and modern society may
come and they may they may line up a
little bit better in the future so but
it's just weird that the the outcome of
a successful impeachment would be
President Mike Pence there's a very
funny compilation video going around I
just tweeted it before I came on
periscope of showing the Democrats
pretending to be sad about impeachment
and there are all such bad actors you
know the and so it's it's funny because
it's a compilation clip so you can see
them one after another saying the same
thing this is a solemn day I take no joy
we cannot be happy about an impeachment
vote
it's very solemn a sad day for the
country and you look at it and you think
to yourself there's such bad actors you
know I realized that all politics is a
show but like do you practice that in
front of a mirror
I do do the Democrats actually stand in
their bathroom before they go on camera
and think crap how am I going to sell
this is a bad thing it's very sad it's a
very solemn Davis mm-hmm
[Music]
so and then of course because they're
all using the same words both the media
and the politicians it's obvious that
they're all working together so that's
pretty funny
anyway let's see what we got here oh the
of course the whistleblowers attorney I
swear Twitter has caused more problems
for people than just about anything in
the history of civilization people who
have made tweets that they wish they
hadn't made so Mark Zaid the attorney
from the whistleblower said back in what
was it 20 17 or something he said
hashtag COO has started first of many
steps hashtag rebellion hashtag
impeachment will follow ultimately this
was 2017 so the lawyer is admitting that
the impeachment the impeachment started
before the evidence before the Ukraine
phone call that you know it was an
impeachment in in search of a reason and
then they they grabbed on this little
phone call thing and they're gonna ride
that see yeah let's see how well that
goes so there's a story today about
China cracking down on fentanyl now you
know that this is very personal to me
in fact so personal I said that if the
United States signed a trade deal with
China prior to China cracking down on
their fentanyl I would I would withdraw
my support from the president grudgingly
and reluctantly but that would just be
personal yeah sometimes
those things were personal and honestly
I wasn't expecting anything I was not
expecting that China would do anything
but apparently working with the US
authorities they seemed to have followed
up on the leads and seemed to have
jailed at least one guy one guy I think
got sentenced to death but it looks like
it'll be turned into a life sentence
probably and some others got some lesser
lesser jail sentences but here's the
thing is China just sort of going
through the steps so they can get the
trade deal
it's obviously tied to the trade deal is
this real what I can't tell is you know
where there may be because it's because
there's this one guy in China who's
known to be the top fentanyl king and I
don't believe he was part of this so if
you remove the lesser dealer who's
selling fentanyl but you leave in place
the top fentanyl dealer in China does
not the top dealers business improve
because the competitor is gone so could
it be that China knows this will have no
impact whatsoever on the amount of fence
and all that comes from China and gets
into Mexico and then shipped to the
United States and they're just doing it
for a show so I can't remember his name
I've tweeted it in the past and the
United States Department of Justice has
named him very specifically we know who
he is we have a picture China knows
where he lives and I don't know that
this makes any difference it looks like
it could be all they did is do a favor
to the top fence and all dealer in China
does now he doesn't have competition if
that guy goes down and is executed
especially I'm gonna say huh this looks
real now but if the top fentanyl dealer
is still in business simply because the
United States has not made it you know
put together the case against him I
suppose that's possible if that guy
stays free I don't know if he could take
you seriously
so I'm cautiously optimistic that China
knows they need to cut this out and
maybe they've started to do something
but I would say the evidence we have so
far is a little bit ambiguous I don't
quite trust it
there's what I'm saying I think that's
about all I wanted to talk about because
I've got to go do 25 interviews today
does anybody have a question on my book
have I mentioned it loser thing I'll be
happy to answer a couple of quick
questions oh let me see what time is
this I think I have to run pretty soon
yeah I think I need to get going so why
are you up so early oh I'm in New York
different time zone I'm in New York City
doing interviews today for loser think
somebody says there's a hard to
manufacturer's fentanyl well I believe
that you need professional
pharmaceutical making equipment and of
course the odds of killing yourself just
by sniffing it is pretty high so I think
if it were easy we wouldn't be importing
it for China I think if it were easy it
would be like meth labs in the United
States so I would have to say that meth
is probably a lot easier because you
know people are doing it in trailers all
over the place but I'm not aware of any
major fentanyl lab in the United States
because I think we control access to the
equipment a little bit better will I be
doing any book signings I might do some
more digital ones but not in person and
do I cab or uber usually over you can
submit ideas every now and then I will
do a tweet ask move for suggestions and
you should submit them in a comment
no no public events in New York City all
right that's all for now I gotta run
I'll talk to you all later