hey David come on in here and the rest
of you
too it's time Tyler I see you come on in
here josea shot
Miriam simper arene and Brad it's time
for all of you to grab your beverage
container I know it might be a mug a a
glass it could be a Stein aalice some
kind of
container I like to fill mine with
coffee your mileage may vary but what
might not vary is your love for the
simultaneous Sip and here it
comes oh I hope you ready for that cuz
that was a good
one oh
yeah there is so much to talk about I
almost don't know where to start hey
Norm hey
Dorothy so let's start with
uh oh let's start with
vaccinations vaccinations um my only the
only thing I'm going to weigh in on on
vaccinations is that it's like so many
other topics we're seeing in the news
where there's sort of a pretend debate
where people are actually talking about
different things but we treat it like
it's debating the same thing my
understanding is that the
antivaxers so-called antivaxers probably
not a not a proper
term but they say things such as yes
we've tested all the vaccinations
individually but we give them as a big
group and nobody has tested what happens
if you give them as a big
group that might be a good point might
be a good
point I don't know but it's different
from saying you shouldn't vaccinate all
right those are not the same thing it's
maybe the way we're doing it should be
spread out is a different statement then
you should not
vaccinate then there's the Rand Paul
objection which is
apparently uh apparently it's the maybe
the only medical procedure where you
don't need the parents approval to uh to
treat the
child and that's a tough one because I
think the medical case for vaccines is
pretty strong and
therefore you know you can't really let
some people say no because if some
people say no then everybody is is more
at risk so I'm not sure people are
always talking about the same
thing
uh somebody says false false now I know
some of you antivaxers and there
probably are some of you here think that
the the science doesn't make sense I I
would tell you that probably what's
going on if I put the what I would call
the um persuasion
filter on the vaccination
question if you're a parent and you have
a kid who has some kind of medical issue
and you have two choices you can even
you can blame yourself maybe your choice
of a partner your genetic makeup that
created this kid or you can blame
science for giving your kid a bad
vaccination in theory if you took
millions of people and put them in this
position say okay something something
bad happened with the health of your
child you've got two two ways to go you
can blame science and say science is bad
and it damaged my child or you can blame
yourself
you should predict that some I don't
know 20% of that population just to pick
a
number uh would say it's got to be
science because the way humans are wired
it's not easy to blame yourself for
something horrible that happens to your
own child so my guess is that at least I
don't know 80% of what drives the
antivaxers is is is that psychological
phenomenon that you can't you can't
blame yourself for something so bad
happening to a child even if really you
shouldn't blame yourself either I mean
it's not like you intentionally passed
along some Gene that might have had an
issue or it's not like you intentionally
raised your kid in a way that that damag
them uh so that's my guess of where that
vaccination stuff is all about all
right let's talk about R
Kelly did you all see the R Kelly clip
of talking to Gail Gail Gail I forget
what her last name is
um and R Kelly is put on quite an act of
being innocent now here's the
interesting thing so we're watching R
Kelly and we're we're watching there's
this special about Michael Jackson
accusing him of
pedophilia Gail King thank you Gail King
interviewed um AR Kelly and here's the
thing in any other time if you had gone
back say 5
years um if you gone back 5 years you
probably would have seen the Michael
Jackson um thing and you would have said
that's that evidence is solid he's
definitely guilty five years ago you
would looked at the arelly thing and
said well I saw the special I watched
the documentary there is no
way there's that they are anything but
guilty no way they're anything but
guilty but here's the thing it's not 5
years
ago now you have a better
understanding that both the Michael
Jackson thing and the R Kelly
thing could be complete
 now my personal belief is that
they're not my personal belief is that
the evidence is overwhelming and that I
would just be I would be blown away if
either of those documentaries about R
Kelly or about Michael Jackson are
fundamentally wrong they might have some
details wrong but I would be
amazed but here's the here's the lesson
of the day my
certainty is not an indication of
reality and that's what that's a little
lesson that you should take with you all
the time the fact that I'm positive
they're both guilty is in no way
evidence of their guilt and in fact
since I can look at even a very recent
case the Covington boy situation where I
was completely fooled by my own eyes I
thought right I thought I saw something
with my own eyes and I was
fooled so here's the cautionary lesson
if you are positive that arelly is
guilty and you're positive that Michael
Jackson is guilty because you saw those
documentaries you haven't learned
anything
you haven't learned
anything the odds of them being guilty
pretty darn high but if you're 100%
positive you haven't learned anything
because you could be fooled by either
one of those situations I think that's
very unlikely but you have to at least
keep that open keep that possibility
open it keeps you safe for the next
situation where you can at least ask
yourself what is the other case now I
told you that with the Michael Jackson
case there's there's a pretty persuasive
evidence on the other on the other side
it's pretty
persuasive I'll bet you that when R
Kelly is done presenting his defense it
will be persuasive to at least some
people it might not persuade you it
might not persuade me but I'll bet you
the fact that he's pleading innocent
suggests that his lawyer has an angle on
this thing and the and the angle might
be that you know there are so many
witnesses that say it didn't happen so
don't be surprised if you're feeling
about how definitely these people are
guilty starts to shift over time when
when the persuaders weigh in on the
other side don't be
surprised let's talk about aanka and
Jared's security
clearance so apparently the president
has the authority to order somebody to
get security clearance even if they
haven't been cleared he did something
like that with both Jared and aanka and
everybody's upset about
it
why why does anybody care about that do
does anybody think that the president of
the United States doesn't have a pretty
good sense about his
daughter and you know his son-in-law who
he's been close to for a long time I
would think that he has a pretty good
idea what those two are up
to now and and I guess there's some you
know understanding that they both had
International you know
dealings um so that story is such a non
story there's so little to it uh that
it's it's telling you something that
that's a story the fact that it's even a
story tells you that the Democrats are
running out of ammunition and that's
sort of a theme of what I'm going to
talk to talk about next um
here's a
rule I want you to test going forward so
I think this is a predictive
rule in fact I'm quite certain this is a
predictive rule so I'm going to make a
prediction about the future based on a
rule and then I want you to track it and
see if this rule you know comes through
so there's a question about the
president's uh cam um whether he
violated campaign Finance laws by making
a payment through Cohen to Stormy
Daniels and so the people who are who
were critics of the president say he
violated campaign law now there are
lawyers who would agree the lawyer there
are lawyers who would say yes that is if
if these facts check out that's a
violation of campaign law but here's the
thing there are other lawyers who went
to law school who who passed the bar who
have practiced law for many years who
look at the same set of facts and they
say even if all the facts are true it's
not clear that there's any law
violated now hold that thought right all
right so with the with the stormmy
Daniels payment they're lawyers on both
sides not of whether he's guilty here's
the key point they're not arguing
whether he's guilty they're arguing
whether it's even a
crime now let's
uh let's go to the um obstruction of
justice
claim there's a claim that the president
may have acted in a way that obstructed
the Muller
investigation and so some lawyers say if
that happened and those facts can be
demonstrated he's he's committed a crime
obstruct obstruction of
justice other lawyers who also pass the
bar who also are practicing professional
capable lawyers look at the same
situation and they say the Mueller
investigation is not a criminal
investigation it's an intelligence
investigation and there's no such thing
as a law against the boss having
influence over an intelligence
investigation and therefore we're not
talking about whether he's he's guilty
or innocent we're talking about whether
it's even a
crime so here's my
predictive um predictive
variable if smart
intelligent working experienced lawyers
are on both sides of the following
question is that even
illegal nobody's going to
jail you can take that to the bank I
think now track this and see if I'm
right in my opinion and I'd like some
lawyers to weigh in on this given that
these sort of things you know always end
up in the Supreme Court if if they have
that capability you know if that track
is available because it's a president
and because the stakes are high and
there's some ambiguity you know you end
up in the Supreme Court in what world
does somebody get convicted of a crime
in which there's a universe of lawyers
who went to law school looked at the
facts everybody agrees on the facts and
they say there's no crime this is not
even illegal we don't even have to we
don't have to ask ourselves if he
committed a crime because there's no
crime described it's not there's no
illegality to be had no matter what he
did because there's no crime here in my
opinion you can make a prediction that
there is essentially no chance that the
that the president has legal
any kind of significant legal um risk
for either the stormy payments or for
obstructing an investigation because
there are smart lawyers who say we don't
even know if this is a crime so I'm
going to say that that's predictive and
you could you could Bank on that you
know you don't even have to worry about
those two things anymore there might be
other things you know that might be
related other things but those two
things I have zero worry about and
that's why
why all right um I saw that there was at
least one adviser I can't remember his
name adviser to the Trump campaign at
one point Who's Who got this who got the
document request he was one of the 81
people and entities that the Congress um
asked for documents and I believe he
said he wasn't going to do it and he
said it because it would just be a a
crushing financial burden for all the
lawyers and that it's a Witch Hunt and
he's just not going to do
it um Caputo yeah I think that was his
name and Michael kaputo to which I say
Michael kaputo is now my
hero he's my hero I assume that this is
a risky play I assume it's risky to say
I know you're asking for these I know
you have a legal right and I'm still not
going to give it to you I really respect
that and I would respect it even more if
the other 80 entities said the same damn
thing because I think this one's worth
fighting over I think you know there's
everybody talks about the slippery slope
and I always say there's no such thing
as a slippery slope because as some
point resistance appears maybe this is
it maybe this is it you know maybe
kaputo stand is is what gives other
people a little backbone because if all
81 of them say all right
I wanted to swear there but I I pulled
myself back I hope you appreciate that
I'll will say what if all 81 say screw
it let's let's take it all the way I'm
not even going to hire a lawyer you know
what if all 81 had said I'm not even
going to spend a penny I'm just going to
ignore this put it in a
drawer what would happen I don't know I
mean because this you know Congress does
have oversight but they don't have the
right to ruin the country for political
reasons
and if it becomes obvious that they're
trying to destroy the government for
political reasons a perjury trap as
somebody saying in the comments if it's
sort of obvious that that's what's going
on does anybody have a responsibility to
comply let me put it this way you're a
citizen of the United States you're a
patriot and you're a patriot first let's
say just a mental experiment you're a
patriot first that's who you are that's
your identity and you get this subpoena
and you know that complying with it will
make the country worse
off resisting will put you at risk but
if everybody else
resisted maybe the country is better off
because it you know it stops The Witch
Hunt at least this part of the Witch
Hunt I would go with the Patriot I would
say that Michael kaputo is a patriot and
I support his T if he decides to not
give them any documents uh I very much
support it I support it for his his
benefit I support it for the benefit of
his family because there's a financial
implication and I support it for the
country so there's that um let's talk
about the humanitarian crisis at the
border
um
so Brandon Derby who I've had on my
periscopes who is a expert on all things
border on the uh on the southern border
um I I Look to Him for the reasonable
opinions on all things border so
whenever whenever everybody gets a
little crazy everyone every now and then
you need to you know reorient yourself
towards somebody who actually knows what
they're talking about you know has lived
and breathed that atmosphere for a long
time as an expert on it and is
reasonable and that's Brandon Derby
writes for
Breitbart and he tweeted something that
I retweeted and uh this is really
important so this is from the White
House so it's not from the president but
it's from the White House so same family
and the White House tweeted uh human
cargo all right just catch the drift
here right human cargo sexual assault
filthy stash houses debt bondage all
Horrors that would have no place place
to hide in a modern safe and secure
immigration system the truth is that the
crisis at our border hurts US citizens
and migrants alike and then there's a
graphic that one out of three women are
sexually abused uh on the Jour Journey
to the border so in other words the
White House has started to frame this as
a humanitarian crisis I'll read it again
so instead of saying criminals are
coming across the border and they're
going to M you know Murder Americans
that was the old thing or that's maybe
the president still says that we don't
know but the White House the official
thing concentrated on the human the
humanitarian element of it that the
migrants themselves are suffering
greatly because of the
situation uh Brandon retweets that and
he says imagine if you folks talking
about the White House imagine if you
folks had presented this humanitarian
argument for border security from the
get-go
yeah imagine that how much better that
would have been uh we'd have the needed
barrier built by now I hope you continue
with this focus and I would like to
amplify that thought same one that I've
been saying largely you know in a sense
taking his
lead so um what I've been saying for a
while and some of you um I
always morning allergies I always like
to uh remind you that I do criticize
the president's choices sometimes
because people say he you're you're SE
in the bag for him all you say is good
things we can't trust you but here's
one the uh here's a situation in which I
criticize the president's approach I
think his talking about crime was a
great thing to get elected but once he's
got to govern the whole country I think
talking about the humanitarian crisis is
a stronger way to go because it's less
susceptible to the the racism um charge
so at this point I think that uh I do
have a Netty Pot for my allergies it's
great but I use it after I do these
things that's the next thing I'm going
to
do um
so so my point being that if the
president takes the lead that maybe is
just being tested out by the White House
Twitter account I think sometimes you
know the president a little AB testing
coming from other accounts so if he sees
something from the White House and the
White House says let's focus let you
know let's look at this humanitarian
element if that gets a good response you
should expect that the president might
want to adopt that you know based on how
it how it works out so I hope he does
because that would be the most healing
thing that could happen is if the
president just focused on the
humanitarian element and probably would
get us to the same Place uh I saw
there's some some potential contractor
for building the wall who offered to do
it for a much cheaper price than what
the budget looks like right now so
that's an element that's kind of
interesting
too
um now let's talk about a little more
racism somebody says cannabis is good
for your allergies yes it is if anybody
doesn't know that if you have bad
allergies by the way
um if you smoke a little
weed in my case I can't speak for other
people and I certainly would not give
you medical advice so don't take any
medical advice from cartoonist but I'll
tell you my experience is that we'll it
stops an anal it stops an allergy cold
like it stops it immediately and it's
just over just no more no more allergies
is just gone as soon as you as soon as
you
smoke
um so but not what I wanted to talk
about I want to talk about
representative
Omar now this is interesting so as you
know representative Omar has said a
number of comments about Israel and
About the Benjamins so to speak meaning
money and about the is Israel Lobby
running Congress and buying them off and
such and of course the critics are
saying you anti-semite these are
anti-semitic Secret
whistles so it seems the secret dog
whistle is in the other mouth now
doesn't it does it sound
familiar yes it does sound familiar so
the
president
tweeted let's see do I have his tweet
yes so then there's a a bill that's been
considered in the house to condemn
anti-Semitism and Nancy
bosi uh sort of got cornered by this and
now she has to condemn
anti-Semitism but the the bill got shot
down now from a political
perspective is there anything more
entertaining than watching the the you
know the Charlottesville fine people
hoax being put on the other
foot because the Democrats now have to
either condemn their upand cominging
stars because if you condemn Omar you're
sort of condemning anybody who supported
her such as
AOC they either have to do that and have
this big split where they're fighting
with each other but if they don't
condemn them they have to explain why
they're not willing to condemn
anti-Semitism it's just like this
perfect political
setup you know it feels like the
Democrats have been herded into this you
know this small Ravine and then you know
the SHO is going to
start I shouldn't say anything with
shooting in it when I'm talking about
politics so remove the shooting that was
a bad analogy
um so the
president weighs into this and he says
in his his tweet he goes it is shameful
the house Democrats won't take a
stronger stand against anti-Semitism in
their conference anti-Semitism has
fueled atrocities from history and it's
inconceivable they will not act to
condemn it exclamation mark so the
president sees this opening and and he
walks in and it it's perfect all right
so I I just criticize the president for
his handling of the border the Border
stuff how he frames the Border problem
but this he
nailed and I usually don't I usually
don't you know do the gotcha Sports you
know I don't like it when somebody says
Ah you hypocrite you did this and now
we're doing this but this is so clever
and so perfectly symmetrical meaning
that it's it's a it's it's a perfect you
know structure just like the attacks
against the president for the past three
years that it's too delicious not to
talk about so the Democrats have have
formed this circular firing squad and
the president is sort of like the
narrator you know just just imagine this
that they so they've got this circular
firing squad the Democrats do and and
the president's like and they've lined
up in the circular firing squad he's
like the narrator and it looks like uh
they're loading their weapons well I
shouldn't use weapons again let me take
guns out of all my analogies I've got
some kind of a gun analogy problem this
morning but imagine I didn't say
anything about any of
that so the president's having a little
bit of fun with this you have to assume
uh and the people who bought into the
the fine people hoax from
Charlottesville you know the hoax where
CNN and MSNBC and the anti-trumpers
reported the fake news that the
president had
called the marching
anti-semitic uh White
nationalists the the fake news was that
he called them fine people when in fact
he was talking about people who were on
both sides of the statue Confederate
statue issue he wasn't talking about the
racist in particular so
uh so that
hoax um is still out there and if you
believe that hoax as probably 80% of the
country did if you fell for the fine
people hoax the CNN and the others were
serving up how do you explain that he's
now tweeting against
anti-Semitism like it how do you explain
that Israel loves them how do you
explain that his his grandchildren are
Jewish you know how do you explain
anything so the president is continuing
to you know add you know add
another I don't know uh let's see what
would I say it's more like Jenga it's
more like he's taking another block out
of
their of their fake news uh
hallucination that he ever called the
racist fine people just one by one he's
like did I call the anti-semites in
Charlesville fine people did you know my
daughter is Jewish takes in a Jango
block well not enough did you know my my
son-in-law did you know my grandkids are
Jewish did you hear that Israel loves me
and I move the our Embassy to
Jerusalem still not good enough not good
enough how about I condemn anti-semites
in Congress and force them to to change
their ways how about that take that one
out still there getting a little wobbly
little wobbly and
then um you may have seen Joel poock uh
tweeted today it's day nine since he
called out in Breitbart in his article
called out to fake news about the quote
fine people that hoax and he's waiting
for C then to run a correction but of
course they won't not only will they not
correct they will not address it it's
this big
long Cricut Fest chirp chirp chirp it's
like it didn't even
happen so so he and I and others are
calling the fine people thing a hoax and
there's no push back because there can't
be as soon as they push back it'll all
fall apart because pushing back will
draw attention to it and if if you put
any attention to it at all it just falls
apart all right so that's
interesting
um I was I had to look up the word
Allegiance because wasn't that
Omar's uh complaint that there were
members of Congress who were showing
quote allegiance to Israel and I
actually had to look up the word because
I wasn't
sure I knew EX exactly what that meant
so here's a definition Allegiance this
is the first
definition is a loyalty or obligation of
loyalty as to a nation Sovereign or blah
blah blah and and so I said okay
Allegiance is
loyalty to a to a nation for example
which would be the case would it be true
that American Congress people have a
loyalty to Israel and I thought I better
look up loyalty just to make sure right
so you look up loyalty and the
definition of feeling or attitude of
devoted attachment and
affection would it be true that American
Congress people have a feeling toward
Israel that could be described as a
feeling or attitude of devoted
attachment and
affection I would say yes wouldn't you I
would say that we have that feeling
against all of our allies not against we
have that feeling
about England you know Great Britain we
have that feeling about Japan we have
that feeling about South Korea we have
that feeling about France we have that
feeling about Germany we you know we
have close
attachments uh we have attitudes of
devoted attachment and affection
and
affection for all of our close allies is
Israel a close Ally yeah sure so why
wouldn't we have affection for Israel um
but there is another definition of
Allegiance and the other definition is
where you treat them as your as your
boss
basically so one definition of
Allegiance is essentially affection
which I would say is fair another
definition
is is uh sort of fty to or obeying and
that would be the second definition um
and that one doesn't seem to apply in
this case
so uh do we have affection for the
Saudis not as much I think that would be
fair to say not as much all right uh now
Cala Harris had a quote about this and
she said that here's the quote from
Kamala Harris she said I am concerned
that the spotlight being put on
congresswoman Omar may put her at
risk the spotlight on congresswoman Omar
may put her at risk true or
false I'd say
true what did Cala Harris say about
President
Trump she quoted the fine people
hoax and me at
risk me
personally I am personally at risk
because of what Cala Harris says in
public um in which he spreads the fine
people hoax because since I say good
things about President Trump on a
regular basis I say I criticize as well
as you saw in this Periscope already but
mostly I say good things about his skill
level because he has a good skill
level it puts me at risk as a supporter
when she goes on television and says
that uh the president called racist fine
people which simply didn't happen it's
fake news
so Cala I agree with your
point Kamala Harris has a really really
good point that the uh putting the
emphasis on congresswoman Omar may put
her at risk at physical risk it's a good
good
point she put me a
risk she being Kamal Harris not Omar
Kamal Harris put me a physical risk
she's one of the reasons that I don't do
public
events and she continues that
hoax and it's one of the most dangerous
things in the country so I I take her
point that it does put Omar at risk now
uh nobody wants anybody to be um
physically touched certainly but Omar
certainly has a political risk all
right
now
uh you may have seen uh some teasers on
the internet for a new show um on the
internet with Candace Owens so Candace
Owens has um her own show
uh I don't have the details of it but if
you Google Candace owens's show I'm sure
it'll come up and I saw a teaser that
she's going to be talking to uh Hawk
Nome you could not there's nothing you
could do to stop me from watching
that oh it's somebody says it's on
Prager you I think that's right um oh my
God I so want to watch that uh but they
they had a little teaser
and I want to talk about that for a
moment so in the teaser and it was
edited so you don't know if you got the
whole context but um Candace was talking
about the importance of fathers and I
assume the context was inner cities you
know the
African-American um
situation and it looked like Candace was
saying something that would be a typical
Conservative Republican thing to say
which is um we need to put more emphasis
on father because that will help
things Hawk it looked like he was
pushing back and here we don't have the
full context so let me not you know I
hope I'm not misrepresenting either of
them but I think this was in the Hawk's
comment was in relationship to the same
conversation and he talked about the uh
his importance or his priority was uh
food equality meaning that if
African-American kids specifically I
think is the is the idea if they had the
same
nourishment their performance and their
behavior and everything would be
different to the point where that would
be the biggest lever that you could play
with so you got hog Newsome saying fix
food equality and you've got Candice
saying we need you know more fathers
fathers need to stay around these single
mom families are you know having a
problem and
you for those of you who don't know my
history I had been working with Hawke
trying to get a constructive
conversation going for for months and
months but he sort of made a strategic
pivot toward being a little more uh
anti-white if I can just say it that way
so when he was trying to to push for
equality I was Allin and I wanted to
help as much as I could but when it
became sort of anti-white I said sorry
Hawk we have to Parkways you know that's
that's the end of the road for for us
now I can't read Hawk's mind and I won't
try to I will point out that he may have
to act strategically in terms of things
he does to satisfy his base those are
his decisions I don't I don't have an
opinion on it right now I just couldn't
work with him so it's not personal it's
just he and I could not have a continued
conversation once he became um overtly
anti-white in the way he was framing
things so I don't know what he's
thinking I won't say he has personal
thoughts like that but politically he
was framing it that way so I was
out Candice just so you have a full
sense of my bias before I give you make
my point Candace I'm a big fan of I met
her in person when I did um Fox and
Friends a few months ago uh she
introduced herself gave me a big hug she
makes the best first impression you've
ever seen in a human being you know big
smile comes over gives me a hug we
exchange some compliments so I have a
really positive feeling about her and I
got a bit of an attitude about Hawk
because he went in a direction that I
can't
support but on this point the one point
about fathers the value of fathers and
then the other view which is not
contrary but it's another view Hawk's
View the foodie equality might be the
bigger
lever I might be leaning toward Hawk I
might be leaning toward Hawk and let me
run through this for you so you can see
now I will accept that uh a father a
good father and a good mother is sort of
an ideal situation for kids so I think
that's just a
given but let me say this historically
you pretty much had to have two parents
and one of them needed to be a dad to
survive and and do okay because women
couldn't earn as much money they weren't
safe if a man wasn't around I'm talking
about
historically but time goes by right and
now women can earn as much as men uh and
you can hire a housekeeper and you can
use door Dash to feed your kid and maybe
you're maybe you're maybe the
grandparents are watching the kid so
today I would ask you this question in a
generic sense if you had to choose
between the these two choices and this
is all you knew you could have a kid who
has one good parent and I'm going to
I'll Define good as somebody who has a a
good income loves the kid and doesn't
have any abuse problems or addictions or
anything like that so that's a good
parent they love the kid they do what
they can they make a good income the kid
is taken care of and maybe the
grandparents are part of that too
compare that that's a single parent
situation with an
average two parent situation and the the
key word and the trick word is an
average two parent situation which is
better the good one parent who has a
good income and means well and doesn't
have any problems or an
average two two parents because if you
take the average of any two parents
one of them's probably going to be
bad one of them is going to be a
jerk on average on average one of those
two parents isn't going to know how to
be a parent on average one of them might
not have a job and bring down the income
of the whole deal on average one might
have an
addiction on average one might be
cheating on the other one on average one
of them might be an abuser
so on average one of them might be
really dumb and not be able to teach the
kid good lessons so I would argue that
historically and really historically all
the way through maybe the 80s it was
unambiguously true that a two parent
situation is just just going to beat a
one parent situation not 100% of the
time but you could depend on it to be a
pretty good rule of thumb and so it
would be worth shooting for that as a
standard in the
past but
today I would argue that one good parent
if you knew one was going to be good is
a better situation than two average
parents because the average is one of
them is going to be bad and that's a
terrible situation to grow up in one bad
parent is is a big big problem that
affects everybody so I would say and let
me let me end this a little bit because
it's
2019 uh two women let's say two women
who are
married could they raise a kid as well
as two
average you know man women combinations
probably in most cases you get a great
outcome so I would think that the the
old rules of if you need a dad in the
situation was definitely true from you
know something like the 80s all the way
back to the beginning of time it was as
true as anything could be
true but in
2019 you can be a single parent if
you're a good one and you're going to
get a pretty good result now I would add
to this conversation that um over in
Great Britain there are uh you know
there have a situation where the kid
reaches a certain age and they send them
off to boarding school now the boarding
school has neither a mother or a father
just a boarding school now I haven't
seen the statistics but I have to think
that that situation does pretty well in
raising a kid I mean they still have
parents but they don't have much contact
with them when they're at school they're
at boarding school and so I would say
that we do have evidence that the the
you have to have a dad in the
family can be a real advantage and maybe
even more often than not but I don't
think it's the golden bullet it used to
be so I'm going to give you this summary
of that having a a good mother and a
good father or two good Mothers or two
good Fathers great
situation the kid I think will Thrive as
long as the two of them are good two is
better than one right for income for
caring for all kinds of reasons Two Is
Better Than One I agree with that as a
general rule but there problem lots of
cases where one good parent is way
better than one good one and one bad one
better than two bad ones better than two
average ones so there there are a
growing number of situations where the
one parent situation unfortunately you
know nobody would prefer this maybe but
unfortunately there are plenty of
situations where that's the case now
let's talk about um so so I'm going to
agree in general with Candace's view
that having a good dad and and a good
mother or any two all extended this is
my own I don't know what Candace would
say but I think any two parents
depending doesn't matter the gender
would do a great
job now let's talk
about uh Hawk's idea which you don't
often see which is if you fix
nutrition you get a lot of big
benefits I think he's right on that but
here's the better part it's
testable so Hawk has proposed a testable
hypothesis that I think has enough
scientific backing that is worth trying
so I would love to see some
philanthropist say Okay Hawk let's just
test this we'll we'll pick a group of
people we'll have a control group and
we'll give um I the billionaire we'll
make sure that this group of kids this
family let's say they get good nutrition
I I'll I'll just send them the food and
they'll have good nutrition
and then you just you just check their
grades you check their performance you
check you know their uh let's say uh
legal issues what they have and you just
track it you could probably track it for
I'm no scientist but five years in five
years would you have a pretty good idea
if nutrition changed
outcomes now whether that works or
doesn't work I think Hawk has presented
a testable hypothesis that has logic
behind it it has you know experience
suggests it's a smart thing to do and it
also suggests uh that it's
testable so I got to say I give an A+ to
Hawk's proposal it doesn't solve every
problem but it's not meant to as a
testable High leverage potentially High
leverage thing that is very um
accessible we could test that it's very
very testable and and so to me it seems
almost um
irresponsible if we don't if if there's
nobody testing that hypothesis I would
find that irresponsible and I would back
walk 100% on that proposal which is not
to say that a great dad wouldn't be an
advantage
too yeah there's plenty plenty of
evidence that um
plenty of evidence that good nutrition
changes outc comes plenty of evidence of
that all right uh Hawk has a legal
background somebody somebody asked what
was his background he's a
lawyer all right
um I think we've covered all our points
uh I'll give you one little tease uh
after I talk to you Dr Shiva on the
topic of climate and I asked the
question uh is there any kind of gold
old standard any any one testable part
of climate change where both the
Skeptics and the climate scientists who
say we have a big problem is there any
one thing we could all look at where we
would say okay if this happens then
climate change is real and if it doesn't
happen climate change is definitely not
a problem is there one easily tested
hypothesis because no matter what you
look at there's always something else if
you say hey we tested the ice cores
somebody's going to say those ice cores
are wrong and then you say well we check
the thermometers and somebody will say
those thermometers are wrong so it's
kind of this whacka mole thing but is
there any one thing and I will tease
this to say that uh Dr Shiva called me
yesterday and said he had an idea for
that one
thing and I'm not going to tell you what
it is yet because he's going to
summarize that for me and then I'll um
you know invite him on and we'll present
it to you maybe I'm not sure if he needs
to be on for that because it could be
just one sentence but we'll see what he
comes up with but what we talked about
did in fact sound to me like a totally
testable hypothesis that if it if it's
not true and we could observe it if it's
not true climate change is not a problem
and if it is true climate change is
definitely a problem and way till you
see it and uh so you know you'll have
your chance to weigh in as to whether
it's a good idea or not but I was
surprised I have to admit I was
surprised to find
out that there might be something
objectively testable that everybody
would agree with there might actually be
that thing and so we'll we'll find out
soon all
right
um somebody said how could there be one
thing we could test see that's the trick
I'm teasing it but I don't want to tell
you the answer there is a pretty good
answer and it will surprise you because
it surprised me it's not going to be as
obvious as just measuring the
temperature all right and I will talk to
you all later