doo-doo-doo-doo-doo bumpo pom pom pom
pom pom pom hey everybody come on in
here yes I am in a new location but that
won't change the deliciousness that is
coffee with Scott Adams it's good
anytime anywhere so join me if you will
and lifting your cup your mug your class
your container your stein your chalice
filled with your favorite liquid I like
coffee and join me for the simultaneous
epic
now I realize I might be in the wrong
time zone for many of you and I believe
I am but that's because I'm in the wrong
time zone so at the moment I'm in Utah
and Cristina's still asleep
so I'm I'm gonna make it a quick one
this morning so we got a few topics this
morning one of them is the provocative
arrest by the Canadians who are going to
turn over to the United States an extra
bite the CFO for Chinese tech company
whose name is pronounced away I don't
know how it's pronounced hua WEEI I'm
gonna have to watch the news today to
see if anybody can pronounce it yes I'm
in Park City so you're probably thinking
to yourself this is a very this is a
very provocative booth that we would
actually arrest a top executive of a
main Chinese company and I guess
somebody's saying I pronounced it why
away the name of the company and the
interesting thing about this is
apparently the charge has something to
do
of trading with the r and so this
Chinese company you why away if I'm
pronouncing it correctly was alleged
alleged to be trading with with Iran now
I don't know how that makes it against
American law I'm a little unclear on how
a Chinese citizen can be accused of
breaking a law that America can
prosecute if they didn't do it in
America and it didn't have anything to
do directly with Americans so I'm not
even entirely sure how we have the legal
standing to arrest a CFO of a Chinese
company but in any case we have now
what's interesting about her is
apparently her father was the founder of
the company and it's a major company so
there's very little chance that this
does not catch the major attention of
President Xi and and the Chinese
leadership but I think this is an
amazingly gutsy move because one of the
things that Trump is good at doing is
taking things to the home-field
advantage you notice that when Trump is
doing anything in public and he's
tweeting he has sort of a home-field
advantage and you can see that again
with this situation because where the
president is strongest is when a topic
is in the news when everybody's talking
about it
and this arrest takes something that
which Ivan was doing and moves it from
some kind of a background law
enforcement thing government to
government and it elevates it to the top
headline news now if you're negotiating
with China and there are a thousand
things they're doing that you don't like
and you're trying to negotiate one after
another don't you think they're just
stalling you know don't you think that
the primary the primary you know
strategy for China is just to
stall maybe you say oh yeah we'll do
that and then just don't do it and then
it's another year goes by and you bring
the back and say hey I thought you said
you were gonna do X but you haven't done
it oh yeah yeah let's talk about that
some more so what are the primary things
you would expect given that there are so
many topics that China is allegedly
violating in trade and trade with Iran
trade agreements in general stealing
intellectual property so this is
gigantic range of things that are doing
that we don't think they ought to be
doing and as long as it's a private
conversation government-to-government
they really have the upper hand don't
they because they can just sort of stall
you know we can't we can't do much about
it
but by arresting this super high-profile
executive in Canada it shows an entirely
different level of well let's say
badassness but more importantly it moves
the topic from government to government
to headline news and that's where China
doesn't want it to be the last thing
China needs is for the things that our
government knows that are doing to
become higher visibility so one of the
things that this move accomplishes is it
takes a ten of the the home field
advantage of China which is
government-to-government a let's keep
this quiet
let's get this taken care of why do you
keep saying you'll do things and then
not doing them that's their advantage to
the public domain where now it's a
headline so every time there's a
headline the citizens of China get to
learn for the first time what their
government is up to so I don't think
that the Chinese government wants their
own population to be fully informed
about what they're up to
so this is this is fascinating so we'll
keep an eye on this my first impression
was probably the same first impression
most of you had which is oh no it's
going to be war
now that's an escalation my second
impression after thinking about it a
little bit was that we've probably we
probably just shook the box and got a
better better set up but we'll see now I
have a prediction about the outcome of
the Muller investigation are you ready
you're probably wondering Scott since
you're so good at predicting things can
you tell us how the Muller investigation
will turn out well
have you noticed how everything else
turned out I'm gonna make the bold
recommendation of the bold prediction
that the way the Muller investigation
turns out will be exactly like
everything else has turned out why would
it be different how did everything else
turn out reality split into two movies
when the president got elected half of
the country thought he's not really my
president and they went into this whole
movie where he was going to be leaving
office in months and it you know it's
just some temporary problem they could
they would get rid of and then half of
the country had a new president said hey
eight more years so every time we have a
situation where we think we're gonna get
a clean result we never really do do we
we don't get a clean result with China
hey let's do something about fentanyl
well they said they will but I'll bet a
lot of days are gonna go by where we
don't see anything happen and then we
thought we would get a Supreme Court you
know nominee who was on the court but
it's always in question maybe he's going
to be impeached we thought we would get
a clean we thought we would get a clean
midterm election
so many elections are being challenged
and so if it's like everything else the
Muller investigation will go this way
the people who think Trump is up to no
good will believe that's what they saw
the people who think Muller is going to
say terrible things about Trump will
believe that's what the report says the
people who think that Trump didn't do
anything you know beyond what you
imagined he would do which is keep his
options open for business a lot of
people talking to a lot of people but
none of it
criminal so I think the world will split
once again into two clean and different
versions so the only thing that can't
happen is that the president can't be
you know can't be in serious legal
trouble so the only thing that can't
happen is a molar investigation that
makes it look like the president will be
jailed instead it will be an ambiguous
report in which everybody sees exactly
what they want to see Trump supporters
will see will say well it's just a bunch
of blah blah blah but there's no legal
jeopardy it was a waste of time
there's nothing related to the central
question of Russian interference
meanwhile the anti-trump errs we'll look
at exactly the same report and they will
report and conclude that it was a
damning report that shows that the
President did everything he was accused
of doing before whatever reason bla bla
bla they can't put him in jail so I
think there's no chance that it can go
any other way you know it will give you
both worlds simultaneously and they will
just stay there we will perpetually have
two completely different views of the
world and people will be locked into
them and they won't have to solve you
know one of them will not have to
disappear in favor of the other so
that's my prediction
now I've got a question about the way
the anti jumpers are talking about
Russia so the the most common statement
about Russia is that we now know beyond
a shadow of a doubt that they were
trying to influence the election and
that they were trying to influence it in
favor of Trump winning but here are some
questions that are outstanding for me
number one little endless look at the
evidence so one part of the evidence was
that they ran ads on social media that
were Pro Trump this we believe to be
true I don't think anybody's doubting
that but here's the problem they also
ran ads the same group of people who ran
ads for Trump ran ads in favor of
Hillary were they cleverly trying to
hide their Pro Trump focus by running
ads that were also Pro Hillary how do we
explain that it was the same group of
people did some of them get the wrong
memo oh my god you're a bad employee we
told you to make pro-trump ads why did
you accidentally make pro-hillary ads
okay that doesn't make sense does it and
these are the facts that are not in
question we know for sure that they made
ads Pro Hillary I don't think that's in
question right we've actually seen them
so the first part of evidence that the
trolls were Pro Trump seems to be
violated by the evidence that we have so
a better a better interpretation would
be that they were trying to sow chaos
and get the country battling each other
the next thing is the you'll often hear
well Don junior went to that meeting
that meeting didn't have any information
the Russians didn't have anything so
there was no collusion
there was no possibility of collusion so
they're trying to connect that Don Jr
might have wanted to hear some
information that would be helpful to
Russian collusion and it's a real
stretch because if somebody tells me hey
if you walk down stairs literally it was
in the building you worked in I believe
that's true
that meeting with the Russian lawyer was
in his own building if you walk down
stairs you might hear some stuff that's
bad about Hillary that could be useful
of course you take that meeting anybody
who doesn't take that meetings an idiot
now if it turns out that something comes
out of that meeting that the FBI didn't
know about that's the second decision
but you definitely take the meeting
so conflating that with these ads is
weird and then there's a whole Russia
hack the DNC now here's the problem with
the Russia hack the DNC and therefore
they must have been Pro chump don't you
think they would have hacked the
Republican Party too if they could have
is isn't the only thing to stop them
from hacking both sides that one side
had better security there is no evidence
that they only wanted to hack one side
there's only evidence that they only
could hack one side that's completely
different than evidence they only wanted
to hack one side so it's being reported
by all the smart people that that the
evidence is clear and unambiguous that
Russia was trying to influence the
election that part's true the second
part that they were trying to do it to
get Trump elected that's really not in
evidence
what is it evidence is that they were
meddling that part week we can pretty
pretty sure about so every time I see it
reported as fact that they were trying
to get Trump elected I look at all the
individual pieces of evidence and say I
don't see it
you know the the facts that are in
evidence don't don't indicate that at
all they do indicate that Russians may
want to mess with us and and create
dissent
now what about how did how would you how
do you score this let's say you're
Vladimir Putin and you know that
President Hillary Clinton is the worst
thing that could happen to the world
let's see let's say you think that
President Hillary Clinton would be bad
for Russia but also bad for the United
States just bad for everybody because
she was going to cause trouble and
destabilize things is it the same as
saying that you're Pro Trump to say that
you're anti Hillary Clinton would Russia
have put the same amount of effort into
absolutely anybody who wasn't eldery
clinton and my guess is since there's
some suggestion that they heeded heard
more than other people that trump just
happened to be the candidate had it been
any other candidate wouldn't they have
tried just as hard or wanted just as
much that the President of the United
States beat anybody by Hillary which is
really different from trying to get
Trump elected those are not the same
anybody but Hillary is different than
let's get Trump in there he's our guy
very different and sure enough we're
seeing that Trump is put in putting more
pressure on Russia than anybody ever has
before so that's consistent all right
I'm gonna keep it short today and
there's not much going on there there's
a whole bunch of just shogi stuff in the
news all of the jokey stuff just feels
like another way they attack Trump it
doesn't feel as important as it ought to
be so we'll see how that plays out
anyway
I'll give you more information about
Utah at another time I got to go do some
stuff and I will talk to you later