bum bum bum bum
hey everybody come on in here hey Jan
get in here do you have your soft like
it it's it's time for this imal taneous
swaddle and questions yeah questions
there is so much news that I've got to
do this twice a day just to get it all
in two hours a day of live streaming and
I love every minute of it cuz I get to
spend it with you now if I were
President Trump and I was trying to tell
you how good the simultaneous swaddle is
well I would say things like this I
would say it might be the best ever it
could be could be the best ever
simultaneous swaddle everybody's telling
me everybody's telling you they've never
seen anything like it
I mean they've never seen anything like
it it's the simultaneous Waddell and
even my critics are saying you know they
can't believe it they can't believe it
nobody's done this before it's that's
the most amazing thing we've ever seen
yes if I were president trumpet that's
how I would sell this so some of you may
have questions let me mention a few
things before we do that if you're
trying to guess how long it will take
you to get paper goods on the shelf
let's say toilet paper as a prime
example I have an estimate and the
estimate is approximately one month from
whatever the shelves were mostly dry and
the reasoning is this if you were to
guess of all the people who did a little
hoarding and all the people who didn't
because surely there were people who
didn't do any or didn't do much if you
were to take the average I think the
average is that each family had about a
month of supply now that's a guess of
course but it feels about what people
would do on average some people would
have six months some people would forget
to go to the store there kind of balance
each other out so let's say a month so
if things were normal it would take
about a month but of course as soon as
they got here they would be hoarded
unless the stores put a limit on it and
say well you know two toilet papers for
you and at which point the problem is
solved so I think it's a month from the
day that it started so that's my
estimate for that have you seen some
news about Joe Biden in the comments
because I looked for the news on the
front page of CNN and Fox News and I
kept looking this was earlier maybe
there's something there now and there
was no mention of a little story about
Joe bun have you heard it well I don't
know what really happened or really did
not happen but there's a me-too
accusation that has the patina of
credibility the patina of credibility
you don't get to say patina too much in
public but anytime I get a chance I'm
gonna go right in there with the patina
so if you haven't heard the accusation
there is a set of the kids way send the
children children go play with your
screens get away from this adult
activity so there was a woman who worked
as a staffer I guess in the 80s and 90s
in his office and she alleges alleges I
say that he forcefully tried to kiss her
and let's say that he put a part of his
hand in a place that she didn't want now
I haven't checked yet but I'm gonna
guess that the hashtag will be trending
by tomorrow
hashtag finger begging finger banging
Biden that was that amount a winner
finger bang and Biden you might have to
spell it with the G or Nothing G I'm not
quite sure yet but is this story true I
don't know who knows
who knows apparently she had
contemporaneous reports and she was
backing up somebody else who had similar
reports and blah blah well I don't know
about any that but what I do know is
that I can't quite imagine him getting
elected at this point it went from hard
to believe - okay that's all -
impossible so I just tweeted around to a
video that cam lares just did she was
talking about the vote for the the
relief package whatever it's called and
long ago I had predicted that she would
disappear after withdrawing from the
race and then she would retool it she
would actually get consultants who would
coach her run her physical mannerisms
and how to use her hand gestures and
even maybe how to dress and you know you
know all the the basics of a politician
you know how you look how you talk how
you move and I don't know maybe she just
had a good day but it looks like she
came back and proved it looks like now
of course if any of you were blind to it
because you don't think she can get
elected you don't want to faux fur she
did something bad a million years ago
blah blah Willie Brown but I'm not
talking about that I'm just talking
about the transformation of a let's say
a candidate who had a lot of rough edges
in terms of style
I just predicted that it would somewhat
dramatically improve from the time she
disappeared mostly to the time that she
needed to reappear it looks like that's
happening so does that mean anything
we'll see I guess using the I guess
she's in the top three for consideration
but there's a there's a Latina senator
in Nevada who's also high in the list
and that might make sense
demographically it might make a little
more sense so there's no certainty about
Cobble harris but it's fun to watch all
right one of the most interesting
questions is that there
very reasonable people people I know
from Twitter from from you know years
and years of experience who are smart
and rational and usually right who are
who believes that the coronavirus thing
is is overblown and that the hysteria
was out of proportion to the you know
what it would ultimately become and then
it was a mistake to have the half the
economy shut down so hard now here's the
thing that makes this so interesting in
the end we'll never know you know you
think that eventually well we'll find
out in the long run
but in this case we won't we actually
won't know if it was a gigantic mass
hysteria or we did a really good job in
stopping it we'll never know now is the
wild card of course I say this whole
time is the the meds that are being
tested whether it's the Hydra
chloroquine or something else the
resumes of whatever it is and then China
thinks they have something but that's
probably a lie so there must be a dozen
or more different meds that have at
least some promise and they're being
tested pretty quickly so what happens if
the meds work let's just say
hypothetically let's say if the
hydrochloric weaned it works and the
supply gets up to gets up to speed
pretty well
wouldn't that look like we beat the
curve because people would go back to
work maybe they'd get a little sick but
they don't die they don't need
ventilators the hospital isn't crashed
people aren't that worried we protect we
protect the old people for a little
while longer
everybody's smarter about washing their
hands so to me it seems like we have a
pretty distinct path out and and at
least there's a possibility I don't know
what the odds are but there's a
possibility that we'll get to that
better place without running any
ventilators now that's basically the
fact that we we have enough at the
moment but what's tomorrow look like you
know the whole reason that we we're
building them like crazy
is that it seems like all the smart
people who know epidemics and follow
this for a living they seem pretty
unified that this is going to be bad so
you can't tell anything from you know
the snapshot in time you have to look at
what they say it's gonna happen but what
if it doesn't happen what if we get a
total handle on this and deaths are
under 5,000 for the country which by the
way is my I'm gonna make that my
prediction so my prediction is fewer
than 5,000 deaths from corona virus in
the United States now that would be at
great odds with the experts but it
assumes innovation so it assumes a tool
comes online that hasn't been used yet
so that that's the optimism that we were
guess smarter about how doing doing that
yeah maybe we test better you've seen
amazing things about the test kits oh by
the way here's another here's another
prediction that I made a while ago I
told you that I'd I'd worked with
startups at Berkeley and this was just
even a few years ago and one of the
things I saw is that they had a whole
bunch of technology that they were
putting they were making different
companies out of but all had the same
quality which is there had been
developed over the years rapid ways to
test blood so after 9/11 and after you
know bioweapons scares and stuff and
anthrax the government asked the labs to
find a way to very rapidly test blood
for bioweapons now that would include of
course the ability to test for you know
a virus so I told you that I had the
advantage that I've seen all these
startups who could do this much faster
and more cheaply and just with you know
desktop units and stuff and I predicted
that those would start coming online and
I think that's what we're seeing yeah
I'm not sure it's the same technology
but I would imagine that the ability to
rapidly test blood is something that did
not exist in the the old fossilized you
know system where you send it away to
the lab
but I assumed that it was something that
existed and could be ramped up and it
looks like that might be happening now
so that could be great so what happens
if we we find a way to test everybody
cheaply at home and accurately well will
the people who say I told you it wasn't
gonna be a big deal
are they right who would be right would
they be right by saying it was mass
hysteria well only because a miracle you
know that that human ingenuity found a
way to solve it I know on the other hand
we don't know too much about China for
example how they got ahold of it on top
of it or if they did even it could be
that that was the hydrochloric Queen as
well all right you're in a town hall
with congressman chef got a question I
can ask yes congressman chef is there
anything that's good that couldn't have
been done sooner this is a general
question because all day long you're
watching idiots on television criticize
anybody you knows whether it's Trump or
anybody's criticizing anybody it's all
the same empty criticize criticism
should have been done sooner everything
should have been done sooner you know
after the fact we're all geniuses all
yeah I should have been done sooner
which completely loses the fact that at
the time nobody really knew what to do
but you have to do something so you do
something maybe it works maybe it
doesn't maybe adjust but I have no
patience for the people who are gonna do
an autopsy on a basically a brand new
situation did you see CNN anchor
interrupts Navarro constantly I did not
but it sounds fun
I hope there's a clip of it do you know
many cell phones have gone dark a good
question I don't know maybe we'll get
that sometimes well let me see if I can
take some questions let's check our
techno
let's say how about Euler if I
pronounced that right Euler Euler hello
do you have a question for me agent I've
read all your books I'm Brazilian
can you hear me yes oh yeah go ahead I
just want to know how can I use more
visual persuasion when speaking and
writing because I see you here in the
periscopes in when I read you I see you
have a lot of visual persuasion in I
read in win big Li you know that yeah
it's really just a matter of training
yourself in practice there's nothing
magical to it you just have to know that
math that visual persuasion works better
and then keep that in the front of your
mind because you know most of us can
find a visual way to describe things if
we're trying so it's really about
reminding yourself to try that's I'd say
that's 80% of the technique and then 20%
is are you good at thinking of visual
analogies that most people are most
people are so there's nothing more to it
than that
I hope the helps yeah cuz I see you and
president from doing it since and it's
great I tried to use a my lawyer when
when speaking in courts and riding my my
fires and stuff and I just want to know
how you how how could I get there but
thanks God yeah just just remind
yourself and just do it so that's really
all it is all right Thank You Man thank
you all right so there are some things
especially in persuasion that are just
practice you just got to remind yourself
and then you just got to do it and
there's not much more to it that makes
it that interesting all right Beth are
you there Beth Beth Beth can you hear me
do you have a question Beth yeah you've
been talking about the golden the Golden
Age coming for a couple of years I was
wondering if you think this might
accelerate it I think this is very much
like the third act in the movie it's
like everything's going well and then oh
my god it's the problem you didn't see
coming
ruin everything and there's no way we
can get out of it but we will of course
yeah I think so like I think people are
going to have a lot less tolerance for
an efficiency and wasting time and
that's what I think well there's one
good thing about an emergency is that it
reveals all your weaknesses and man if
we we've seen all of our weaknesses and
I was I would say there's there's
nothing that's worked worse than
Congress I think Congress just gets a
failing grade I mean you can't argue
that that was really just disgraceful I
think it has nothing to do with
Republican or Democrat I don't think it
was just disgraceful isn't as a body
question I asked if you thought that
this event would accelerate the gold age
yeah you know it's gonna take a little
while to get it under feet but I'm
always I'm always on the side of it's
gonna be faster than you think
and the question is just who say that
the guessing the things will be faster
than you think when humans are trying to
solve a brand new problem is you it's
almost always the right back because
we're really good and you get smarter
and smarter and smarter until you're
smart enough and we get there quickly
where humans are always slow is if you
hire somebody to you know remodel your
house yeah you asked your lawyer to turn
something around in a day you know in
the real world where you're just doing
it's my job I'm just going to work I'm
getting the paycheck everybody slow them
because it just doesn't matter but in an
emergency is like y2k we really do excel
at that stuff and we do it faster than
you think
I guess Afghanistan it would be an
exception what was your next question
have you always been an optimist um I
would say that I've always been an
optimist internally but I actually had
to learn to be an optimist externally
because I thought that complaining about
things was entertaining and
and it's a gigantic character flaw that
until somebody is kind enough to be
cruel you'll never see in yourself
because complaining is just the easiest
thing to do what do you think it today I
know somebody was mean to me late I got
a stomachache
so it's the most automatic thing because
you're thinking about your problems you
know if you're trying to solve them so
it was a friend of mine who in alcohol
may have been involved years ago who
basically just told me I was too
negative and I was just you know wearing
around and I thought what I'm not
negative at all in my mind but indeed
the topics I talked about were Downers
even so it was bothering other people
far more than it was bothering me and I
was one with the problems so and and you
learned that that you just can't burden
people with a non-stop firehose of
complaints and problems nobody wants to
be around that so I had to learn that
the hard way so I hope there's somebody
brutally cruel in your life who will do
the the favor to you that somebody did
to me I'm the optimist in my house and
and thanks for doing these it's super
helpful and yeah it gives me perspective
I appreciate it good well thanks for the
questions take care all right let's see
what we got here we're gonna go to Kevin
Kevin you look like you got something to
say hello Kevin you got a question for
me the part about the wall and the
example and everything and it rings true
so what I've noticed in the press
conferences with Trump and he had an
interview with Sean Hannity tonight he
seems to be dialing it back a little bit
um he still gets a job in there and he
kind of explained it on Hannity tonight
he said that he's gonna run on this
record so he said he'll do what he did
last time you know that's interesting
because I was I was thinking of pointing
it out but I hadn't decided if it was my
imagination it looks like the president
is taking a conscious effort to be
more bipartisan not just for the you
know the length of the crisis but it
looks like a strategy doesn't it yeah it
looks like he's because he can obviously
turn it on and turn it off you know if
he's meeting with the Queen he turns it
off so we know he can turn it on and off
so when it's off you have to know it's
conscious right because the default is
on so turning it off is the hard part so
it looks like he's made that decision
and I I think his instincts are right on
because he doesn't have much to run
against I mean right now
Biden's just decomposing while we talk
but and so I think just being nice if he
gets a little bump from doing a good job
handling the crisis which we all hope
even if we if we don't like the
president you still hope he does a good
job at the crisis so if he if he gets
that done you know you've seen even his
support with women just took a big jump
up
people are gonna be remembering this
more than they'll remember every other
thing he's ever done just gives us the
recency issue and so so if he gets us
through this and let's say the the cynic
or the skeptics who say was never gonna
be that big after all they're gonna
they're gonna go nuts because they're
gonna say you didn't save us there was
nothing there to begin with oh it's so
unfair don't get reelected because it's
it's a track it's a track so you know
that's coming
you could you could see that from months
ago all right thank you there is there's
young got a thing to you mentioned you
were the first one that I heard
mentioned about the ventilators and
using more than one for more than one
patient and he also mentioned that on
Hannity tonight he also mentioned that
they're using 3d printers to print an
adapter that will do this for up to four
and also CPAP machines and the
anesthesiologists ventilator yeah all
the things that you've probably heard
from me fairly early all right thank you
were first yeah maybe so yeah and you
know the the thing that I predicted you
can see right in front of
the way that they basically quadrupled
ventilator capacity who saw that coming
really who saw that guy well that's just
quadrupling with a little valve here so
and in a thousand different ways people
are making that kind of little
innovation that big things very
impressive all right thank you thank you
Scott all right let's see take another
question here let's go to a psychic
Brian psychic Brian psychic Brian can
you hear me do you have a question hello
I call yeah it's my call what's your
question I have a question on hypnosis
Jarrah was wondering if hypnosis can
change the simulation that you're living
in you've talked in your scopes about
simulation we might be living in a
simulation and I that's one like my
second part so how how do you think
hypnosis can change your own simulation
that you might be living in and how long
would that take if you were practicing
play hypnosis well no I don't think
there's any any way that hypnosis as as
a practice in which you sit in front of
one person and they go into a relaxed
state I don't think that rewires the the
simulation but and of course anytime I
talk about the simulation is just for
fun yes completely unprovable situation
I just like it because it's provocative
but it does seem as though you can
change movies and let me give you a
specific example if you were the most
common one you know is Donald Trump a
dangerous monster or do you have TDS you
know the two different movies yes keep
in mind though everybody in both movies
survived eight many cases procreated and
they lived their life in a completely
different reality so you see it every
day and you're gonna see it again when
whenever we get past this crisis if it
doesn't get as big as people said to
movies again and people will live there
forever and they will never
have to resolve them so when I say that
you can change your reality you can
change your filter on it
and just enter another movie yes that's
what I mean your movie your movie that's
the simulation but the movie you're at
be in so you can't you you probably
can't change it to any movie but it's
clear it's clearly an obvious you know
you can just observe in a thousand
different ways that people are in
different movies and you do see people
occasionally switch movie you know it's
usually big news because it's so rare
you know a Democrat who decides to be a
trump supporter that sort of thing
and I have experienced in my own life
changing my filter you know usually with
some psychedelic experience or a lot or
something but the the the experience of
it is that your reality changed and
you're just in a different movie for a
while but again you can still shop and
you know live and broke and that's
changed your life I mean it's for the
better you changed your filter and you
became more successful over the years
more well known well I think yeah that's
a little bit of a be testing and of
course you always need a little luck but
yeah I just try filters and when my
filter doesn't work I say well that
filter didn't work let's see if I can
adjust to a better one all right thank
you for the question thank you thank you
Scott right Mike let's see what Donnie
has to say because I don't know anybody
else who has that named it Donnie do you
end in Y Donnie are you there do you
have a question good yeah so when you
started doing the night time podcast it
reminded me of when Ted Koppel Nightline
started in the late 70s with me hostage
crisis and what do you think of Mike go
that'll be fun to watch where it goes
but thanks for everything appreciate oh
yeah well you talked thanks to the
question you know I don't plant it you
know I didn't plan to do the morning
ones I just sort of evolved into it I
didn't didn't plan to be a commentator
persuasion I didn't plan to write my
Street last three books until I had an
idea and did them so you know I always
tell people to build your talent stack
so you can go in a lot of different
directions when this is over if I've
done a job that people would want to see
more of in whatever way it would open up
opportunities but I don't have a plan in
advance about what I would do with that
or or where I take it probably just
something that's more and better along
these lines maybe do some more
interviews see what that looks like but
thank you for the question keep it up
thank you all right let's see what else
we got here let's try Brian who's Brian
can you hear me Brian Brian Brian
technical difficulty baby okay that
didn't work
this must be excruciating if you're
listening to it on a podcast oh I'm
sorry alright let's go to the Krusty
Krabs Krusty Krabs are you there hello
Krusty do you have a question for me
apparently not okay see seems he may
have walked away
all right I'm in some weird mood mode
let's try somebody else I swear I will
get a real guest on here let's see if a
jet girl is there Jake are you there
hello do you have a question for me in
your perspective on the statistical data
that we get whether it be something
that's brought together as in it's not
Walter Lee but whoever's gathering it in
I think it DC there's a hospital that's
gathering all the data and just ones
coming out from all over and how you
feel how much of it is true and just
what your overall opinion is about that
the the the numbers are so
unbelievable in terms of you know the
likelihood that they're actually
accurate solo that we're really in a
complete fog of war the only thing you
can do is try stuff and see what happens
and then even then as we've talked about
before you still don't know if things
change because the thing you tried it's
kind of is it's a real guessing
situation so here let me just go through
some of the numbers that I have more or
less confidence and I don't believe we
know how many ventilators we will need
and I don't believe we know how many are
ordered and I don't believe we know how
many we have I don't think we have any
visibility on that because if we did I
think the government would say oh here
it is you know it's just three numbers
yeah we need we have on order three
numbers if they knew they'd tell us
which means they don't know likewise for
all the other PPE there's no visibility
and I think that has something to do
with the fact that you know a variety of
entities are springing up to meet the
need and I don't know that anybody has a
idea how many of them can deliver and
when are they real so I don't know the
shortages is do you think is a fear or
do you think it's realistically
shortages well the the the shortages are
based on what we anticipate for the most
part there were only a few hospitals
that look like they're starting to run
low in real time right now but for 99%
of the country there's a shortage in the
sense that they think they might need
something down the road and pretty
quickly you know in a week or two nobody
knows so that's the thing it will will
the social separation work will all the
people who are coming in now we're
probably getting Hydra chloroquine are
they not being hospitalized so the
problems already solved I mean one of
the possibilities is that the problem is
already solved and it just takes a while
for us to see it run through the system
and what I mean by that is if the
hydrochloric ween is is at least keeping
people from having to be hospitalized
and there's you know lots of anecdotal
but not scientific evidence of that
then maybe it's already solved because
it's just a matter of supply and I got a
I gotta believe that those are coming
online pretty quickly
probably the New York hospitals are
already using it you know the the people
that you're hearing they're dying today
they're probably ones that we're maybe a
little too far gone or maybe ones that
would have died under almost any
condition because they were that fragile
but what you should see if the if the
meds are working is that the death rate
will stabilize even as the infection
rate is climbing like crazy so that's
what I'm predicting so I think we'll get
we'll get through it and I think it will
be less less than the worst case by far
but we'll never know if it was because
we stopped it it'll just drive us crazy
forever
all right thanks for the question thank
you I'm starting to notice that people
do not look like their icons Bella are
you there do you have a question okay
what's your question can you hear me
again okay cool so I'm a recent college
grad and I'm just wondering now with
like how the economy is going what kind
of careers field should I go into
because I'm a business student and I
just have like a interview for a
mortgage company for a sales job yeah
and they we're really excited about me
but they are holding off on the official
offer letter because yeah they just
don't know how things are not well you
know I wish I could I wish I could tell
you everything would be great in three
months but there's pretty good chance
that the people who did not already have
jobs of course will be the last ones to
go back to work because people will
prefer to hire the people who are
already there but I think you just have
to hold it's probably you know trying to
hold on through the summer and then a
lot of stuff will start opening up it
would be my guess you know subject
lots of uncertainty but
the best I can say maybe there's
something you can do temporarily or
part-time or something but that for the
good jobs they're coming back it might
be you three six months so you might
have some waiting today I'm sorry that
you have to that your timing was so mad
although I suppose if you if you had
gotten the job a week before you still
lost this oh yeah wouldn't have ended up
about the same all right well good luck
for that and thank you for the question
thank you yeah a lot of people getting
worried I don't think anybody's gonna
start but it's gonna get pretty tense
all right I don't know how to pronounce
your name is a tip cheer tip sure can
you hear me do you have a question hello
yes hey what's your question thanks a
lot for taking the call I just wanna
quickly say have been a big fan read all
your books
and thank you for doing these price cups
they're the perfect combination of
objective and subjective so that's been
that's been very useful I'm a software
engineer I woke up here in Montreal
Quebec so we've been remote for two
weeks everything shut down but funny
enough we've been the most productive
we've ever been so what would what would
be your predictions on work from home
policies after this - well you know you
would think that people would say hey
this work from home thing works so well
that we just got to keep doing that but
there there are a lot of obstacles to
working to them one of them is that
there might be other people home you
know I've been working for home for
around 20 years or whatever and if
somebody else's home even though you're
working it's really hard to convince
them that they shouldn't tell you about
the dead animal that's in the swimming
pool you know it's really hard to
convince somebody who's not working it
was in the same house that that
suspicious smell needs to be
investigated right now because the house
might blow up it could be gas and you
know and when other people are in your
physical vicinity they just have a lot
of emergencies you know nothing kind of
where you're gonna die it necessarily
but just a lot of stuff you gotta look
into right away so you so in my case
Christina is amazing about you know
understanding that separation and stuff
so I don't have any problem with her but
a lot of people are gonna have that
problem working at home it's kind of
hard if somebody else is there
especially if sometime it's kids so a
lot of people are gonna be desperate to
get back to work you know that there
won't be that many people who said you
know I'd like to do this everyday
a lot of people don't like their commute
but that's really different from wanting
to be home all the time you know it's
it's a good change of pace maybe once or
twice a week so my guess is that and
also managers are tend to be tyrants and
so for their own little you know fiefdom
they're gonna want to you to come in so
that you're physically there so they
have somebody to boss around and talk to
so I think yeah I think humans being
humans this may change things up to 20
percent meaning maybe there'll be twenty
percent more telecommuting after this
but I don't think it's a hundred percent
you know maybe twenty percent that's my
guess
all right thanks for the question thank
you
interesting question let's see if we can
keep it going with Nils Nils Nils
Nilsson Mills do you have a question for
me
Dill's are you washing the dishes
get over here ask me more questions
hello yes Nils what's your question well
I tried to call you the other day and I
talked to you I was gonna be funny and
disconnect you but I won't do that it
would have been all right what's your
questions I have to say Scott I've been
following you for the last two years
I've gone on my father into you and I
have been living the golden life okay I
swear I didn't do
he just got disconnected I I promise you
I did not do that but what's kind of
perfect all right
I have finals we'll have to try it again
I swear to God I didn't do that you know
even after I said it would be funny it
looks like maybe I did but I didn't I
can you hear me do you have a question
what do you think will be the triggers
that turned this whole thing around and
we get back to a normal life well I said
my greatest hope is that the meds keep
you out of the hospital and if that's
true people will take their chances with
getting sick the other possibility is
you know we find out that 80 percent or
some huge number that the public already
has it and then we'd say oh well if half
of us had it we're closer to some kind
of accidental of herd immunity immunity
the other thing is the I think this is
gonna be maybe the black what is it the
underdog or the black horse or the Black
Swan or something not the Black Swan but
the thing you don't see coming but it's
just sort of plotting along and it's
that the blood serum stuff where the
people who have already had it and
recovered have the antibodies and you
can isolate them and the serum and put
it in another person and it gives them
we think some immunity and if that one's
always just sort of thrown in the list
it's like oh this has happened this has
happened ventilators and pills and stuff
and a blood serum thing but the question
is is that the one that could ramp up
the fastest because how many how many
recovered people do you need and how
much serum to get animam to handle how
many people and how long does it take
now under normal situation you wouldn't
want a lot of healthy people going in
and doing this weird blood sort of thing
actually I don't even know if it's four
before you get it to keep you from
getting it or is it to help you after
you've gotten it I think maybe both
so we'll say you know it that would just
keep
plodding along without getting much
attention but the math of it and the
practicality of it suggests that we
could scale it up so maybe that'll do
things
anyway those are the things three things
I think are by far the most important
and then the then also the cheap tests
that you can do at home because if we
could all cheaply and immediately test
at home we'd have no problem tomorrow so
any one of those things could end up
being the thing but we probably have at
least four things optimistically we
might have at least four things that are
the thing you know on top of the social
isolation so I feel as though it's
starting to look like a mismatch
you know us versus the virus when it's
been exactly the opposite till now I was
still a mismatch so we're right on the
cusp of having a real good visibility
about these other tools and then we go
on offense and then it gets fun not for
the virus all right thanks for the
question Nancy let's see how about
patches patches I am adding you because
your name is patches patches do you ever
you have a question for me thanks I have
two two things to talk about really
quickly they're about the both of our
lady to the other Trump pills and one of
them is basically China which I kind of
go along with your theory that they're
kind of evil and I think they're
probably not announcing the pills
because it allows them to continue to
increase their control their society
over there well there's actually maybe
even another reason which is you know
one of the studies that said the pills
don't work and by the way the French
study that said that they do people
online are saying that's debunked
I usually side with the debunkers if
somebody says something's true and then
somebody says that's not he's debunk if
I don't know anything about it I usually
side with the debunker the debunkers
usually right not every time but there
was one study and a singe one what
University or something in China that
indicated that the pills don't work but
in the same
article they said well but these this
expensive drugs that are made in China
wow they really work so you know you
don't want to try these cheap ones that
you can get anywhere probably don't work
what you want is these really expensive
one so you can only get in in China so
you can't really trust anybody at this
point I thought were suspicious like it
just wasn't contained by locking some
doors to that point that they had
something going on beyond just social
distancing to hospitals yeah it to me it
seems obvious that they had a they had
some kind of therapeutic treatment that
made a big difference but maybe we'll
never know who knows right domestically
I just was listening to I'm in
Gainesville Florida
listening to our local politicians
talking today and a person called it
like it's ready
you know treatments or pills for this
and their local medical people are like
no we can just put you on respirators
and do this and do that
I'm liking is is this ignorance or is
this more the wink-wink we're just not
going to tell people we know how to do
something about it every everything
that's happening under the hood you know
the people who are talking individually
you know person-to-person suggest that
the doctors are prescribing it and it
works all of it 100% of the anecdotal
again not scientific we all want a
scientific study but 100% of the
anecdotal from doctors is yeah we're
giving it and it works but it's all on
the down low because my point on this is
that because it's on the down low there
might be some people don't get the word
and don't treat their patients as well
as they could and there's people dying
in this you know other hospitals because
they don't understand there was a
protocol they could do just no one's
like come on say you try this yeah you
know if you're talking about the the
patient's they definitely might not be
informed I think at this point there's
probably no doctor in the country who's
not informed on that probably every
doctors informed in that I just feel
like it
90% so it'd be not a big not a big girl
you've got more faith in that than I do
maybe so alright thank you nicer
questions yeah let's take at least one
more let's see what David wants David's
been waiting here patiently David David
do you have a question for me David
right when you were speaking about the
premonition especially I think it was a
shower faucet or the temperature gauge
you just knew something was gonna break
this is a question about kind of having
premonitions then remember that it was
in the shower or something was there not
yeah yeah I had a long story about a
broken shower that that I expected to
break yeah I I have those quite
frequently I've started to refer them to
do them as memories of the future people
like that
that's awesome I was curious does I
kinda have two questions has this ever
happened with Christina and do you think
that's why you guys sort of came
together and the second question if you
don't answer the first one that's fine
but the second was do you think with
because I think you've influenced I mean
thousands of people by now at getting
better at understanding the system of
reality of persuasion that we're in and
how people use that skill do you think
as part of the Golden Age if you will of
our psyches people will become better at
maybe getting premonitions or well no
I'm you know I have fun talking about
new agey stuff but you know
fundamentally I wouldn't put money on
any of it so I'm a deep rationalist at
my core but it's really fun to talk
about you the premonitions the
simulation and affirmations and stuff
and I don't have reasons for why some of
these appear to be true or appear to
work it could be an entirely
psychological phenomenon confirmation
bias but it doesn't make it any less fun
yeah here's here's a thought experiment
if I said to you
tell you what I can make you think
you're having an extraordinary life but
in reality it won't be will you take the
deal and you'll never know the
difference they'll never be a time when
somebody taps you on the shoulder says
hey you're hypnotized
you'll never know you'll just have a
terrible life but you'll think it was
great would you take the deal I would
that that's your reality if you think
it's great it's great so so at least
that much I feel is objectively true you
know you can you can change your filter
on life and it effectively changes
reality but beyond that anybody's guess
fair enough as Christina had experiences
real quick and I'll go Thanks I don't
know if she's ever mentioned it so I
couldn't say yes or no specifically I do
know that when the first time I saw her
my feeling was of seeing the future but
you know you can't the thing you could
never separate is whether you could have
made something happen you know just
because you wanted it so when I saw her
it felt like seeing the future but it's
also something I immediately was
attracted to and you know put some
effort into making it happen so I don't
who knows it's all fun anyway all right
thanks David
let's do one more let's take you know I
tried to guess based on the weird little
icons that you have and half the time I
can't even get your gender right but I
think this is Jennifer good there are
you do you have a question and in
Donald's not taking care of this bill
that the Congress is trying to pull off
like with the whole country is so
furious is there any chance you think he
would do something and pick up this free
money and and you know strip out some of
that pork and
well you know depending on what station
you're listening to and who's talking
these the bill is either a gigantic you
know mistake in a hundred ways or it all
makes sense if you just heard why so
I've heard I've heard both versions of
those of those but the one that maybe
really sent me back is was listening to
the president describing how good it was
and he had a little context of each one
and I thought oh it does have provisions
so they're not going to do a stock
buyback okay that was one of the things
and and it and it seems aimed at keeping
employees employed more than just
helping them and it's alone so they have
to pay it back and as he's talking about
it I kept I kept waiting for the things
that I knew I was gonna hate and then he
got he got to the was it the mat or what
is it the Kennedy Center so he gets to
the Kennedy Center I'm like okay okay
he's just gonna go off on this he starts
saying how he likes the Kennedy Center
and he talked him down from 35 to 25 and
a lot of people are employed they're
like what am i watching now in that case
in that case I'm pretty sure that was in
and I think he actually said this that
you know you got to do a little
negotiating so I think he was that he
was softening yet but it's obvious that
wouldn't have been you know in his
perfect bill so I guess what I listen to
it the big stuff because even if you can
hate the little Kennedy senator thing
but it's not big compared to the rest of
it and he actually had some reasons
behind everything he mentioned and so I
would say I'm I know 60% well informed
about what's in there and the big stuff
looked at least like it had some
rationale you know I don't know if
anybody's smart enough to know that this
is the worst idea in the world or the
best you know I always talked about the
economy being a psychology engine and
this is clearly a case of we're getting
something done was more important way
more important than getting it exactly
right because you know you can always
send down more money right but if
do nothing everything's falling apart so
they got the big thing right so the big
thing was do something and make it a big
number you've probably heard me talking
early in the process people were talking
about 1 billion and then at the high end
people were saying or two trillion I
mean one show leader to Jillian and I
said from the start it's got to be 2
trillion and the reason it's got to be 2
trillion it's not because I'm a genius
who knows what the budget needs to be to
get the best result it's because the
numbers out there as soon as the numbers
out there it's got to be the big one
because this is a psychology play you
want the country to say I didn't I
didn't stop at anything you know I could
have saved money but I'm not gonna save
money to let one person die it's so as
soon as the two trillion was out there
it had to be 2 trillion because that's
that's the psychology engine and how it
works all right did I answer your
question yeah and it real quick though
I'm kind of curious why I was wondering
why Donald Trump doesn't maybe have
people from the military in his news
conferences when I watched their
briefings I feel so much better about
what's going on and I thought he he did
until recently right did he have a visit
one of the members yeah I saw one guy in
uniform but I just was kind of curious
what you thought about the optics having
him be a wartime well maybe yeah you
know it's it's a careful balance because
you don't want it to look to military
because that's scary
yeah you know some of the smartest
people watching this have predicted that
the military would eventually you know
be having to be playing an active role
in within the country which would be
scary even if they were doing even if
they were doing everything right and
they probably would write the military
is very capable and so many ways just
people the optics of it would be bad so
it's ok to have one up there now and
then but I think I'd rather vary
civilian look just for the psychology of
it again thanks for the questions thank
you all right I think I'm gonna end it
just about here yeah we've got the Navy
medical ship that's
gonna sail up there pretty soon and I
don't know maybe we're getting a handle
on this I think that news that comes out
in the next two days is just going to be
so important because you know we're
gonna find out if the Hydrox chloroquine
works and that's going to be a real big
day and if it doesn't and it might not
you know president says that I say it
often even though even though I'm very
optimistic about it they say it often
might not just can't tell but I I feel
positive about it all right
why is ship going to California
well there's one to California and one
to the East Coast so I think they've got
two of them and they put them where they
expect the biggest problem all right
that's all you have for now I will see
you in the morning and I hope you have a
terrific night everything's gonna be
great