we're almost ready for a show here it's
going to be
amazing you're going to be so glad
you're here
[Music]
today good morning everybody and welcome
to the high light of human civilization
it's called coffee with Scott Adams and
we're going to take this up to levels
that nobody's ever seen
before and if you'd like to be part of
that all you need is a copper muger
glass a tanker gel orstein a canteen
Jugger flask of vessel of any kind fill
it with your favorite liquid I like
coffee en jooin me now for the
unparallel pleasure of the dope am me of
the day the thing that makes everything
better it's called the simultaneous Sip
and it happens now
oh
delightful
spectacular
orgasmic well my favorite story of the
year is that there's a woman who just
woke
up after a 5year of
coma boy she got some fun
ad I've been gone for 5 years has
anything happened
yeah few things happened since
2019 she's got some surprises coming
well let's talk about some of those that
happened recently shall we well as you
know uh in our perfectly normal world
the richest man in the world Elon Musk
uh has been challenged to a physical
fight by Venezuela's dictator Maduro who
allegedly won an won an election but the
United States says no you didn't it was
cheating so it looks like the fight is
on and he's Maduro says I accept the
challenge let's give it a try but come
here if I beat you I accept the trip to
Mars but you're going with
me okay apparently the there's a bet
involved that if Maduro wins he gets a
trip to Mars well this just keeps
getting better and
better but now he's also claiming that
the election irreg ities were caused by
can you guess who who do you think
Maduro is blaming for the election
irregularities in
Venezuela Elon Musk yeah he's decided
that Elon Musk has hacked
Venezuela he goes the
attacks um that was computer hacking to
undermine the election he says the
attacks I'm sure were directed by the
power of Elon Musk and then Madura goes
on Venezuela as I said yesterday and
today is facing domestic and
international aggression from world
powers and now it is evident that Elon
Musk is obsessed with the idea of taking
over Venezuela and ruling it from abroad
he is largely responsible for these
attacks and acts of
aggression how how weird would it be to
be Elon Musk you know it's not weird
enough that you're the richest person in
the world and you know your life is
insane
interesting but you wake up and you find
out that you've been blamed for all the
problems in
Venezuela how could that be more fun
Imagine waking up and finding out that
you've been blamed for the problems in
Venezuela there's nothing that can't
happen today all right allergies is
terrible the uh us unemployment rate has
jumped to 4.3 from 4.1
which kind of surprised me because I
think the numbers economic numbers are
always um fake in election year so I
would have expected these numbers to be
faked a little bit
more maybe they'll get corrected later
but at the moment it's looking like the
you know stock market was down uh maybe
it's coming back a little today give me
an update on that
um but anyway so that's uh that's what's
happened with the economy it's looking a
little dull and I would think if
unemployment is creeping up and
joblessness is creeping up which is
what's happening um I don't know how a
Democrat could win under that situation
but we're going to find out because the
brainwashing is strong meanwhile the
United States and Anthony blinkin
secretary of state has decided that the
United States is going to accept the
loser in the Venezuela
election um saying that it was rigged
and that the real rightful leader of the
country is uh the person who
lost and so we're going to be backing
the loser now if you follow Mike Ben he
talks about uh John Balton admitting
that under Trump Administration he
attempted to uh run a coup in Venezuela
and he just sort of says that in public
like that's just okay
and then there's a clip of trump saying
that you know we had a chance that we we
could have gotten all the
resources so apparently there was an
explicit coup attempt for Venezuela
which would give the United States some
kind of you know greater influence down
there but it didn't work out so it looks
like the United States is just trying
again which is interesting because it
would mean that the effort was the same
across two
administrations so that would mean that
a Republican and a Democrat presidency
acted exactly the same trying to conquer
Venezuela now I would argue that this is
business as usual and that we've tried
to influence in directly or directly
every country in our Hemisphere and
that's probably good for stability in
the world might even be good for those
countries in some cases
so isn't it amazing seeing the gear
years of the
machine well when you don't have to
wonder like ah I wonder if we're doing
something in Venezuela that's a little
you know not above board yes of course
we are we're we are totally trying to
conquer Venezuela through a variety of
you know persuasion plus dirty tricks
I'm sure and money and blackmail and I'm
sure that we're doing just about
everything looks like uh things aren't
looking too good on the stock market
today anyway so we'll be more on more
news on that coming I'm
sure uh let's see but at least at least
the elections in the United States are
not like
Venezuela yeah can you imagine imagine
if the elections in the United States
were as non-credible as the Venezuelan
elections oh my goodness we'd be in
trouble wouldn't we yeah um so here's a
story from Insurrection Barbie is
reporting this on X that a new lawsuit
has been filed by a Florida resident
against
mayorcas and a bunch of other people
like the Florida Secretary of State
among others and there's it's alleged
that there's a conspiracy to commit
election
fraud
H it's not even not even in
um in Venezuela this is in the United
States huh and the Alle allegation is
that these NGS these non-government
organizations are registering
non-citizens to
vote and that once they're registered
the NGS request the ballots which get
sent to them by mail and and uh as
Insurrection Barbie says you can guess
the rest well if that's true I mean it's
an allegation hasn't been proven but if
it's true the NOS are registering
non-citizens to vote so they can get a
hold of their blank vets and vote for
them well that would be pretty bad
wouldn't it but it's just an allegation
people people we're not as bad as
Venezuela we just have that one
allegation okay there's another
allegation this was in the Federalist
that America has nearly 300,000 uh
double registered voters oh okay watch
drobe Group found nearly 300,000 people
are double registered to vote and
thousands who voted at least twice in
recent elections huh well that would
be a big problem if that were true but
but that's unproven it's unproven so
unlike Venezuela where their elections
are all rigged we just have these
unproven
allegations uh let's see what else is
happening oh uh there's a report by some
military experts talking about how
ticktock is clearly part of the military
operation to influence the United States
two former military intelligence experts
warned and uh this would be part of what
what is called the three Warfare
doctrine of uh China in which they would
use of course physical Force if needed
but they would use economic and
persuasion and other other soft forces
so let's see China has specifically said
that their Warfare includes all of these
persuasion elements and they do have
control over Tik Tock which is the
greatest
Persuader for young people in America
huh I wonder if there's any risk
there I would like to add this to the
list of studies that you could have
saved a lot of money if you just asked
me hey we're thinking of spending uh
thousands of dollars on this
study why don't we just ask Scott and I
would say well China does have a
doctrine of using every tool they can
for Warfare and it would be one of the
strongest tools any anybody could
imagine for persuasion so yes it is
absolutely part of the Chinese military
Warfare
Doctrine there look how much money I
could have saved them same answer I just
didn't have to do the studying because
it's kind of
obvious hoax alert hoax
alert all right so apparently there The
Washington Post is reporting one of
their reporters is going to be on
Morning Joe let's see let's see if we
can piece this together remember I told
you that you have to know the players if
you only know the story you don't know
anything you have to know the players
the players who are telling you the
story is the story then you know
everything so let's see we've got uh The
Washington
Post and their reporter is going to go
on Morning Joe so those are the players
The Washington Post and Morning Joe
and they've got oh they've got a big
story here about the possibility that
Donald Trump took $10 million cash from
some Egyptian
Source
uh now if you only knew the story that
would sound bad for Trump wouldn't it
because the story is that somebody
alleges that he took money from a
foreign country well bad story but
suppose you knew the players The
Washington Post and Morning Joe those
are the least credible news
outlets in the entire world you could
not become less credible and if the two
of them join together that's like
non-credible squared so you don't even
need to watch this story you can dismiss
it on its surface because of the players
now will it become a bigger story maybe
because the Washington Post is is known
as a news maker in the business meaning
that if it's in the Washington Post or
the New York Times those are the big
ones then the other outlets say well
that's a story so we'll cover it too
because the big newspaper says it's a
story so there are tons of things that
could be stories on any given day but
the the news makers tell the other news
business what's the story that's what's
happening here but these are the two
biggest fake news entities and if
they're teaming up
uh there's not really any chance this is
real if you want to put a p percent
likelihood the story is real without
even knowing the story you don't even
need to know the story you just need to
know it's about Trump if it were true it
would be bad for Trump it's the
Washington Post and Morning Joe there's
nothing else you need to know there's so
little chance this is true that you
don't even need to look into it that's
that would be my take now
do the hoaxes only work in One
Direction no here's a here's a hoax
about KL Harris yeah look at look at me
shown both sides Michael and black would
be so proud of me right now so here's a
hoax about KL Harris and remember here's
my hoax trick one way you can tell the
hoax is ask yourself this question would
anybody in the world ever say or do the
thing that somebody's accused of saying
or doing would anybody under any
circumstance ever do that if your answer
is well honestly no nobody would ever do
that it didn't
happen you you can really rely on that
not happening I'll give you an example
so there's stories about KL Harris being
a terrible boss um back when she was
attorney general in California but you
know the story goes on that she's always
a terrible boss but listen to the
example
so there's somebody who has apparently
worked on it and so the information
comes from somebody who was on her staff
and uh Gregory is the name of the person
was given instructions to never address
Harris nor look her in the eye as that
privilege was only allowed to senior
staff
members now number one that's something
that allegedly was told by a staffer so
this is not about Harris this is about
what a staffer said to another staffer
do you think the experienced staffers
ever tell some to the new
people of course they
do in fact you would hear this story in
Hollywood all the time about uh the the
interns and and stuff on the set are
told don't make eye contact with the
star don't try to talk to him but it's
not the star the star might have no
problem with it at all you know although
you know they have to concentrate so
there you know there's a practical
element to not bothering when they're
working but it's usually the staff who
says oh whatever you do don't make eye
contact with Brad Pit it's probably not
Brad Pit who cares it's the staff who
said don't talk to Brad Pit so the first
part of the hoax is that it conflates
what Harris may want or have said with
something a staff member may have wanted
or
said very different but it gets
worse uh the story says that Harris
instructed her entire staff to stand
every morning as she entered her office
and say good morning General because she
was attorney general now here's where it
all falls
apart is there anybody listening who
thinks that's
true that anybody anywhere ever in the
history of the United States ever said
when I enter every single morning you
should all stand up and say good morning
General
do you think that's ever happened in the
history of the world I don't I think
nobody has ever said that that's not
that's not words that have come out of
anybody's mouth at any time
ever and if you're the Attorney General
do you really want people standing and
calling you General it's not even
something a woman would ever ask for no
woman says call me General and stand
when I am to the office nobody yeah at
the very least they'd worry that it
would get out like even if you wanted to
do it you wouldn't do it because you're
a public person and it would get out of
course this didn't happen how many of
you think that she really asked her
staff to stand up every time she walked
in the office in the morning and say
good morning General does anybody
believe that's
true nobody all right so remember the
the the way to detect
 is to ask yourself would
anybody do that under any circumstance
that's what they do to Trump all the
time would would anybody stand in front
of the world and say those neo-nazis are
fine people no not anybody not anybody
who was
president would any president uh suggest
maybe drinking bleach would be good no
that's why you know it didn't happen so
this is another one no this did not
happen I'm sorry there's nothing you
could do to make me believe this now is
she a bad boss
very possibly
yes but keep in mind that female bosses
do get a little extra you know what I
mean they get a little extra
treatment even when it's not necessarily
deserved you know I think that's that's
a fair statement from women that a man
can be tough and other people say oh
there's a tough man that's a good thing
and that if a woman did something very
similar it would be maybe regarded as
that so that is a double standard
and when you see people evaluating
bosses just know every boss gets this
treatment every strong boss gets the
you're a bad boss treatment by some
disgruntled person now that doesn't mean
she's a good boss so if you think I'm
defending K Harris's management I'm not
I'm just telling you that the nature of
these claims is pretty pretty sketchy
pretty sketchy
well here's some more things that aren't
true uh the Biden Administration and
Harris I guess are saying that they
deported more immigrants illegal
immigrants than Trump did is that true
do you think it's true that the Biden
Administration um deported like way more
quite a bit more um people than Trump
did it's true that's actually true is
there anything left out that would
change how you think about that let's
say if the Biden
Administration deported the most people
compared to Trump and there's it's
pretty big
difference then that's all you need to
know isn't it that's that's all you need
to know wait what oh you would also need
to know how many total people got in
wouldn't you CU if one let a 100 times
more people in and they deported twice
as many as the previous administration
that's actually a terrible job it's a
terrible job if you look at it in
context if you let in a you know a
million people and you Deport 10 of them
and Trump let in a thousand people and
deported one of
them that's not the
same not the
same well but at least everything we
know about the climate is
true um there's a report by Roger pil Jr
in the Climate Change Dispatch so he
looked at uh how successful the big um
countries have been in decarbonizing in
other words using putting less CO2 in
the air uh after the Paris
Accord was that what it's called the the
big
Paris convention on climate change this
was back in 2015 so now we've got uh
eight years of data to see how that that
worked now remember Trump didn't want to
be part of that Paris climate thing but
Democrats did so if the Democrats were
right and this was a good thing to do we
would see some big changes in the
countries that joined because they would
have all agreed to decarbonize and you'd
see that change so how are we
doing uh no
change no change
really the the world is adding about the
same amount of carbon as they always did
yeah there are a couple of countries
that actually went down but uh
overall United States in Europe mostly
no
change so Trump was certainly right that
the meeting had no
impact and it was a waste of time I
think that's validated by these numbers
now of course I always say all data is
made up and fake but if you don't have
data that shows that it worked that
would counter this data then you're sort
of left with we don't see any reason to
do it because you can't prove it
worked all right let me give you a
lesson this is the most fun part of
today's uh Today's Show um there is a
technique of persuasion called entering
their illusion or entering your illusion
now this is something that I've taught
my subscribers and regular folks for
years it's something I mention all the
time
and what it is is instead of arguing
with somebody Who's acting crazy you
enter their illusion you accept what
they say is true even though you know
it's ridiculous and then you operate
within their within their illusion to
ruin it for them so you can't ruin it
from the outside because they'll have
their defenses up oh you're on the
outside I I just reject what you say but
if you enter their illusion it really
messes them up because you're using
their own rules against them so you're
acting like what the illusion makes
sense and then they can see it doesn't
make sense because you're in the
illusion simply acting out what logic
would require if the illusion were true
so now let's get back to Trump when he
went to the uh National Association of
black
journalists he went to an
organization that was defined by its
identity black and journalist
and he went and he wanted to U talk
about the
identity of KL Harris now if he had just
come up with this idea out of no context
whatsoever it would just look super
racist to me like if nobody had ever
talked about identity before and then
suddenly he just goes up there and
starts talk about a race I would be whoa
what's this whoa whoa whoa why are you
bringing race in to this that sounds
really racist that would have been my
response if there had been no context to
it whatsoever but the context is that
for years Democrats have been telling us
that identity is your primary variable
it's the number one thing you
consider so what did Trump do did he go
there and say stop considering
identity because that would be a failing
technique if you're in the illusion that
identity is always the the primary and
everything that everything else just
sort of follows that then you cannot
somebody from the outside says no your
model is wrong you're you're
hallucinating this can never be a good
idea that won't be
heard so what Trump did instead was he
accepted their
illusion without arguing it he simply
entered the illusion that identity is so
important you really need to get it
right and so as a helpful person within
their illusion he helped them with the
conversation about what is their
identity because if identity is primary
you want to make sure that you're
accurate in your identification of the
identity and so he simply brought up
with what Democrats have talked about
forever what's clearly in the public
record and you know he might have used
his hyperbole a little bit to say that
kamla was making more of it than than
she was but what is true and we could
all observe from looking at the videos
of the past is that she certainly
allowed people to identify her the way
that would help the most in that
situation so if she happened to be
talking to some asian-americans then she
was person of Indian descent and it
worked really well in California but if
she wants to be the president of the
United States maybe helps a little bit
more to let people call you black and
identify as black now I don't have an
opinion about any of that it's
irrelevant what I think um I and I
accept that people can identify whatever
they want and that's up to them but what
Trump did was he got into their
illusion and then he took a giant
in their living room and walked
away now if somebody takes a giant
in your living room in the middle of the
floor here's what you can't
do something else
you can't do something else you got to
deal with the fact that there's a giant
 in the middle of your living room
you can't do something else that's first
you got to deal with that and so you
watch the news do you remember when the
news was saying everybody's
weird Trump's weird and you could tell
right away that that wasn't going to be
like a a long-term plan because it
didn't really have legs it was just
maybe something to say in the short run
but they had to deal with the identity
question because it's their primary
illusion so they had to deal with the
fact that within their primary illusion
there was a giant turd in the middle of
their living room and they had to
explain it away and it was hard to
explain away do you know why because
it's an illusion they're living in an
illusion they're they're trying to look
for The Logical argument where Trump is
wrong to have brought up the very
important question of identity when
their primary interest is
identity so the magic and Beauty and the
power of that will increase over time
which is what makes it really diabolical
in a fun way that uh that it's going to
marinate it's it's going to sink in over
time he doesn't have to say another word
about it just that whole conversation is
going to make the whole illusion look
sketchy stupid he doesn't even have to
say it it just does its own work over
time and and watching the Democrats give
fake mad about
it it's all fake mad they just had to
bring on everybody who is black and
would be willing to make a face all
right are you black yes I am would you
like to go on TV yes I would well first
we're gonna have to see your face can
you do a deeply disappointed face but
also quickly trans transitioned into a
smile when you found when somebody says
something bad about Trump yes I can all
right let's start with your unhappy
face all I'm doing if you're listening
on audio only I'm doing a hilarious
unhappy
face Trump said what
racist all right now let's see if you
can quickly transition from your
disgusted face to a happy little smiling
face when you find out that Trump might
get in a lot of trouble for what he said
can you do that okay start with the
unhappy
phas trans now
transition nailed it nailed it you got
the mouth
up but the eyes are still sad you nailed
it and that's that's their programming
is Black Faces they're disappointed but
a little bit
happy now imagine that your opponent
forced you into
that desperately trying to find more
black faces that can look super unhappy
but smile also at the same
time well smes over on
CNN uh always one of the most
interesting signposts of how CNN is
going and what's
allowable he's somewhat on the edge um
he had a indian-american command who
wrote a book called called Almost black
in which he talks about his experience
of uh he couldn't get into medical
school because he only had a 3.1
GPA uh so he decided to identify as
black got right in so he knew that as an
indian-american with a 3.1 he had no
chance of going to medical school but uh
as long as he said he was black he he
was quite dark skinned so he got away
with it um fine and it worked down just
great wrote a book about it so I think
it's fascinating that suanes would have
that kind of content on in the middle of
Trump's turd in the living room it means
that they're thinking about the the
topic has expanded and and I don't know
that this kind of content would have
been as acceptable even from smar kanes
who I think is more interestingly
independent on on CNN than other people
um I think I think this is allowed now
but I want to give you uh sort of a
summary of how racist the country is you
know it's one of the biggest issues in
the country is how racist we are so I'm
just going to summarize it this is how
bad it is in this country are you ready
this this will be a one- sentence
description of how bad racism has got in
this country racism is so bad in this
country that a woman has to claim seemed
to be black just to run for
president am I
wrong in order to be qualified to be
president she had to claim she was black
when she could have gone either way like
the Indian guy who got into med school
claimed he was black because he got him
elected do you think that K Harris would
uh be le be she's about tie in the poles
right now do you think she'd be a tie in
the poles if she had identified as
strictly Indian
no I don't think so I don't think so I
think identity is a pretty big
draw um Nate silver has decided that the
presidential race is a
tossup based on current polling I think
that he is
correct that it's a tossup in the sense
that you really can't predict it if if
you're trying to straight line it from
today it's like okay based on today
who's going to win I agree with Nate
silver it's a it's a coin toss I don't I
don't even feel it leaning in One
Direction at this point now I've said
and Joe Rogan got in trouble for saying
this that KL Harris if you were just to
look at a snapshot today she's in the
winning
position because the media is just just
so
powerful and she's hitting the right
identity buttons um if enough people
think that she's black enough for the
black community to say you know she's
one of us then that's probably all they
need and you can count on some more fake
stories about Trump and some October
surprises and stuff so if I were to and
then and then I do fully expect that the
election will be
rigged I expect the election will be
rigged now that's what a lot of people
say but let me say
why it's because the stakes are so high
and we don't have a system that's fully
auditable and we have a government which
clearly doesn't mind overthrowing
countries such as
Venezuela using any means they can
whenever it seems to make sense to the
people who are deciding to do it or not
do it and since we know that the
intelligence people are willing to do
their intelligence thing internally
which you would hope would not even be
legal but apparently it is there's not
really any hope of a
Fair
election I mean I don't not really I
mean if you look at just the
setup how could it be now if we had the
kind of Elections that some people have
been hypnotized into thinking we have
which is you could tell if there was
cheating no we don't have that that
there may be some really specific areas
where if somebody cheated you could tell
but not in general in general there are
all kinds of holes all kinds of ways you
could cheat and you know we've seen lots
of uh smaller issues and lots of
allegations that would certainly suggest
there are plenty of
opportunities um a lot of it has to do
with mailin and uh getting a hold of
those ballots from people who weren't
going to vote but certainly the
mechanism is there the desire is there
the incentive is there so if you have
the motive and the means and you're
going to tell me it's not going to
happen does everybody agree that they
have the most and the
means let's say if Trump actually had
more votes at the end don't they have
the means to cheat if you tell me they
don't have a mechanism to cheat I would
say you haven't lived in this world very
long even if they're not using it they
certainly have the
mechanism that I'm I'm more certain of
that than anything I've ever been
certain of that even if they don't cheat
oh they have the mechanism they do have
the
mechanism so uh there's let's talk about
this Russia prisoner swap the big news
so 16 uh 16 people held by Moscow were
released including the Wall Street
Journal reporter and former Marine Paul
whan and some others journalists Etc and
they'd all been convicted of charges
that the US and others thought were
madeup
charges I I've read all about this story
and I haven't seen what we gave up in an
exchange have you has anybody seen the
list of who we traded to them I know
it's out there but I for some reason it
wasn't in the
headlines so we don't know exactly what
was traded do we and we get this this
generic statement from KL Harris it's
the extraordinary Testament having a
president who understands the power of
diplomacy and strengthening the
alliances in the test of time the
alliances strengthened by the or
extraordinary Testaments of the
presidents well it was something like
that I don't know it was just basically
some word salad so as others had pointed
out it was the first time she spoke
spontaneously you know without notes and
it was a train wreck it was just she
tried to string two sentences together
and
failed and she was standing next to
Biden who probably couldn't have even
strung one sentence together so all I
was thinking of was uh Trump's framing
of where they're trying to figure out
who's
Dumber because they they must have
figured out that KL Harris would do a
better job with this you know two
sentences statement when the prisoners
were coming back in the
plane and did you see the video where
Biden appears to not know what he's
doing he's on the tarmac and he suddenly
walks toward a plane and starts walking
up the stairs and everybody's like ah
Joe
Joe well what are you doing uh uh you
walking on that plane for no reason um
um what's happening what's
happening and so he actually just got on
the plane and then got off by
himself maybe he thought the he was
going to go say hi to the people being
released before they came out of the
plane or were they already out I'm a
little a little confused why you got in
the plane but it just looked like he was
lost he just looked like a dementia
patient who wandered off I mean I don't
know what the real story is but that's
what it look like so the two of them
looking like idiots he was wandering
around and she couldn't put two
sentences together and literally I
thought to myself they are actually
literally trying to decide who's
Dumber Trump trump had that so nailed
they they're trying to decide who's
Dumber because you know if thought that
Biden maybe could do a better statement
he's still president so he would have
done the statement to put that on his
legacy but he couldn't he was just sort
of standing there and like oh we'll take
a chance on kamla then she starts
talking and and it practically sounded
like that in the you know the time the
passage of time and the you know it
sounded like that a little bit and you
know everybody was like oh God oh God we
should have picked the other one she's
dumber than Joe yeah anyway so Rasmus
did a poll asking people if they
believed that there was only one shooter
uh in the assassination attempt on Trump
53% said they believe the gunman acted
alone but I have some question what that
means acted
alone I think he was probably alone at
the event but is that the same as acting
alone if somebody let's say taught him
how to make bombs because he had some
bombs if somebody for
example gave him some money so he could
buy the gun from his father I think
that's he bought the gun maybe he
wouldn't have been able to afford it
without a little help maybe whoever he
was talking to through his encrypted
apps was working on him to do what he
did so I still think the question of
whether there was somebody who was
brainwashing him
existed cuz my guess is yes it it if I
had to guess I would say there's
somebody who was influencing him CU it
just doesn't smell right as a alone act
you know that the the not being on
social media and we still don't know if
that was really his gab account and
everything about this is a little
sketchy now I guess the Secret Service
is in charge of investigating itself to
find out how it did how do you think
that'll
go yeah how do you think that'll go
investigating
itself anyway um I be uh is the stock
market uh tanking right now or is it
stable give me give me an update on the
stock market because Japan was uh way
down and Europe was taking a hit this
morning but I heard somebody say that
the stock market was and the US Stock
Market was maybe stabilizing a little
all right Friday sell off little bit of
stability so it's not terrible in the
United States yet but it might be so
here's the thing I I would not expect
the stock market to fall before
elections I feel like elections are
times when um the Democrats at least
will say well we can't make the stock
market go down before election day so I
would think that all the Democrats would
want to hold their stocks or buy stocks
if they want the stock market to look
good on Election Day because that would
be good for
Harris so we'll see but on the other
hand there are really big things
happening that that investors might say
well hell with that political stuff I
just need my money taken out so Anything
Could Happen we're in we're in Uncharted
territories um Biden said that the
killing of which we assume Israel did
the killing of hamas's political leader
was uh not helpful for getting a
ceasefire agreement says it doesn't
help now I would ask this following
question maybe that's why it was
done maybe that's why Israel decided it
was a good time to do it now it was also
opportunistic because allegedly they had
hidden the bomb in that Guest House
months before and they were just waiting
for
uh so I'm saying uh we've got some
trolls Scott supported Acca in 2020 and
promoted Jabs you're such a bad troll
like why do the trolls yell in all caps
so that you know that they're not real
people you could at least put some
effort into upper and lower case if
you're going to tell lies about me in
public it's the least I ask I I want my
my trolls to be at least capable of
doing upper and lower case can I can I
get that do you really have to be the
lowest quality of of trolls where you
don't have anything real to say about me
but you have to scream it in
caps yes we we have lots of all caps
trolls
today I can't tell if these are the paid
ones if they're paid ones are
overpaid somebody needs to just get
their money back anyway
anyway NBC is U reporting that uh
Democrats continue to Hemorrhage
support among Hispanic voters in
Pennsylvania now I will say this
again anybody who knows the Hispanic
Community is not surprised that they're
friendlier to Republicans than the
Democrats
expected doesn't surprise
me that they're the most Republican
acting demographic in the United States
they they love their families they love
working hard once they get in the
country I mean you certainly that's uh
could be illegal in some cases but once
they get here they are quite law-abiding
as as a general group of people and
they're just trying to make their kids
succeed and contribute and help help
their family and yeah it's it's probably
one of the most
solid and desirable demographics in the
country desirable in the sense that if
you've never spent time around that
group you're really missing something it
is a fun fun
demographic so don't be surprised if uh
Hispanics sort of just keep trending
Republican they like their work they
like their religion they like their
families that's a
republican all right uh independent
voters appear to be less interested in
Harris but I'm not sure if it matters if
if the polls are tied I mean I don't
know how that could be true but let me
let me add something that I learned
yesterday about
polling
um what I learned about polling is it
gets wonky in the
summer because if you're just calling
people in general you're going to get a
different group of people in the summer
than you would get during regular
scheduled months so there's some that in
midep when kids are back in school and
vacations are done that you're just
going to see a what I'd call a natural
change in the polling that's unrelated
to anybody changing their minds it would
just be some
natural kind of
thing anyway so we'll see I I wouldn't
trust any of the polling over the summer
Chevron the company announced it's going
to be moving its headquarters
from um over there basically my
neighbors to
Texas so I used to I used to work next
to the Chevron headquarters I was in San
rone in California and that's where
Pacific Bell was to so the two campuses
were right next to each other so and uh
true story there was a employee at
Chevron named Scott Adams who when
Dilbert became famous people kept
saying are you Scott Adams a cartoonist
and he would say well I'm
black and he's not so probably not maybe
that should have been your first clue
but I did meet him he was a lovely guy
and uh he's probably not working there
still but chevron's moving to
Texas and I think Chevron said we won't
be the last company mve into Texas now
in my
town this is going to be a big
hit because it was the Chevron
headquarters that's a pretty big
building with a lot of employees
high-end highay
employees that's just
gone so San Ramone the town Two Towns
away from me just took a gigantic hit in
their economic in their tax base that
you know schools will probably suffer
this is some serious
when when when a major company like that
just says we're out of your state we
can't even work in your
state this is really serious now is it
serious enough that we could get a
Republican president and maybe something
would get fixed probably not because I
think California is completely mentally
incapable it if it's possible for a
state to have a mental problem that
would be
us that would be us
all
right it looks like uh my my usual troll
may have two different
accounts um Ukraine allegedly blew up a
12-ton Russian helicopter with a little
drone now apparently they've been trying
to do this for a long time but they
finally got one and I said to myself how
in the world can
helicopters still be useful tools in the
future of drones now I completely
understand how a you know a jet would be
maybe hard to destroy with a drone but
wouldn't a helicopter always be Dr like
couldn't you get all the helicopters
with
drones I mean how how does that
helicopter protect itself from a drone
because the Drone can travel as faster
faster it seems to be that helicopters
will no longer be a tool of War there
are two tools of war that I expect will
just completely go away tanks and
helicopters because you can't be a slow
moving uh weapon of War if you're slow
moving the drones are going to take hand
every time
so Warfare is really really going to
change there's just no point in having a
big slow thing like a helicopter or a
tank
anyway um apparently a a is being useful
to the only fans stars who were using AI
to pretend to be them and text with
their fans but they can't get the AI to
talk
dirty so it's sort of a giveaway hey
this AI won't talk
dirty um which is interesting because
there's a study Science Blog has this
report that large language models were
studied and sure enough 24 the large
language model AIS were studied and they
have a left leaning bias oh
surprise they have a left leaning
bias of course they
do
um yeah so has a left leading body at
bias and yet it can't talk
dirty so what the hell good is it what
are you going to use it for if it can't
talk
dirty and it can't tell you the truth
what's
left the only the only context in which
I want the AI to lie to me would be if
it's talking
dirty then lie all you want you know
just just make sure your dirty talk is
on point but lying's fine but it w
that's the only time it won't lie is
when it when you ask it to talk dirty no
that would be not appropriate I will not
do
that all
right and and then finally the most
important story from the daily
Sabah that scientists have implanted
human brain cells and rats for the first
time and so they're the the idea is that
if they put these human brain cells and
rats they can study stuff like psych
psychiatric disorders autism and
schizophrenia and
stuff so now you've got these
rats that are going to be part human
and part
rats what would you call
them they're well really they're going
to be like demons in a way but also a
part of rat I would call
them demon
rats demon rats you might call them
Democrats but in both cases rats at the
end you can't spell Democrat without rat
it's true it's true so yeah we're going
to have these uh possibly uh super AI
driven
rats um I suspect that at some point
they'll be fitted with
lasers and then game on all right that
ladies and
gentlemen it's all the News and Views
that you've been waiting
for did I miss
anything any any big
news wait Chevron Phillips Hold on hold
on uh not Chevron
okay all right looks like I got
everything so that ladies and gentlemen
is the show for today I'm going to go
talk to the subscribers on locals
privately um and uh say goodbye to X and
Rumble and YouTube right now I'll see
you tomorrow same time same place thanks
for joining
all right local supporters I'll be with
you privately
[Music]
in
4321 oh no it's not
working all right so the technology is
not working
today so I can't go
private um so I guess I'll just talk to
you uh talk to you in the man cave or
tomorrow people on
locals um I'm clicking the button it's
it's just not responding
today why I don't
know let's try
this no that doesn't work that doesn't
work okay it's just a uh interface
problem uh I'm going to say goodbye to
everybody then because I can't go
private for reasons that I don't
understand just a user interface problem
and I'll talk to you'all tomorrow or
tonight oh even ending this stream
doesn't
work okay so today was a waste of time
since I'm going to have to delete all
the videos I just made so the system
won't turn
off so it means I'm going to have to
manually kill things and delete them and
so it'll probably disappear from X
because X when we get this
error XK handl but there's one thing I
want to show you before I go
oh well that's not working
either isn't that terrific all right
well I was going to show you something
very funny that I prepared but a part of
the user interface isn't working so I
guess we'll uh just have to kill the app
and it will never stop all right I'm
going to kill the apps delete the
videos bye for
now
e
e for