bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum
bum bum bum ba come on everybody
get in here we've got to talk about the
important important things that are
happening in our day now while you're
doing this I have a special request from
a viewer you might you might appreciate
this too
hold on I've been asked to show you a
closer look at this photo that's always
behind my hand so here it is so this
photos may be ten years old or something
like that and that was my old cat Sara
sitting in a chair there well now you
know all right let's talk so you may
have noticed that there's a big problem
in the world oh ho ho you thought we had
problems you've seen nothing until
you've heard about spelling gait yes the
President of the United States sometimes
spells a word wrong I know I know you
didn't see this coming
you probably thought to yourself thank
God we have elected the man who never
spells anything wrong we're all safe now
but no you let us down again
somebody just said oMG I'm
self-supporting and so and I think this
risk was captured best in a tweet this
morning by Christopher C Cuomo better
known for his job at CNN and I'd like to
read this tweet and the voice of hey
Dale Dale can you come over here for a
minute I'd like to have Dale read this
tweet who cares that Trump spelled
another simple word wrong I do I do
as we're did this is as weird as it is
to set aside that here's POTUS POTUS
POTUS what does POTUS with no capital
letters mean is that the same as POTUS
with all capital letters and should
present a level of proficiency
misspelling counsel shows a haste a lack
of thought that is a requirement for
responsible leadership why you are
reasons I'll give you a reason all right
well here's my reason it just is it just
is I don't need no reasons that's the
end of the world
spelling yours Thank You Dale
shut up Dale all right now let me try to
put some context on this while the
elected president of the United States
of America the most powerful military
and economy in the history of
civilization while we were working on
denuclearizing the Korean Peninsula that
looked like a problem you thought to
yourself well nuclear war well that
looks like a problem No
that's not a problem typos or a problem
spelling errors typos bad tweets that's
the sort of stuff you need to worry
about now you may have noticed a shift
you may have noticed that the anti-trump
pers went from he's Hitler Hitler Hitler
until that started looking silly once
you move your embassy to Jerusalem and
well I could go on and on but the Hitler
thing just started looking silly after a
while so they changed that too well no
he is mentally incompetent except that
there's no evidence of that and he took
a test and he passed it and we haven't
seen any evidence yet so then they went
to well these maybe not crazy
technically but he's he's certainly
stupid or he golf's too much and then
and then James Comey comes out and tells
the world that he's actually very smart
when you sit in a meeting with him he he
tracks the conversation and then you ask
good questions and then people were like
ah Co me can't we depend on you to give
us that one thing give us something so
then it turned out ok he's not a Hitler
he's not crazy he's not exactly stupid
and maybe he's not colluding with Russia
like we thought but I know there's
something wrong here
sure North Korea is talking about
denuclearizing which they have never
done in any prior administration I'm
gonna call that luck there's something
wrong with this guy
ok the economy is screaming and that
part's good but there's something wrong
with this guy
I know it I know it and I think I found
it he cannot he cannot spell the tweet
you know they were starting to prepare a
little place on now Rushmore they kind
of had it all surveyed they thought how
this this chunk of granite this will
really work will carve him right into
there and right into the side put him
right next
one of the presidents and then that
tweet came out are you really gonna put
it on Mel Roger
yeah Rushmore somebody who spells like
that I don't care how many nuclear wars
you end if you spell like that
you're not my president you can't be my
president let me give you some more
context I said this in my tweet this
morning that I'm old enough to remember
that when big corporations decided to
let their employees excuse me have
casual Friday and go and dress casual
and Friday I kid you not the
conversation in corporate America was
whether it was going to destroy the
world because you know as soon as you
let people dress any way they want all
your all your discipline breaks down and
then everything just falls apart now I
do think there is something to the way
you dress in the way you look there is
something to that that does change how
you think and feel and act but the world
didn't fall apart there really didn't
instead what you ended up with this
Apple computer Google Facebook biggest
companies in the world and they all just
pretty casually if you know what I mean
so I also remember when I first joined
corporate America the process for
writing a memo then this will be hard to
believe for anybody below a certain age
but before before computers you know you
would write a memo out and you'd give it
to a secretary
who would retype the memo fix any typos
or whatever and then you'd have to run
it by somebody to get another set of
eyes on it and then you would give it to
your boss because your boss would never
let him memo go out they have a spelling
error because if anybody from the bosses
department sent out a memo with a
spelling error it was like the end of
the frickin world you thought like oh my
god you know come into my office you
we've got to talk look at this memo
so this was the phone company so we set
up this you know elaborate process by
which you can approve a memo to make
sure there were no spelling errors how
long did it take to write a memo a week
sometimes two weeks to write a memo
sometimes two weeks I'm not even making
it up because we would have to go back a
few times and you'd retype it and the
secretary would be busy and then the
boss would be busy and then he's on
vacation for a week and the person
Fillion doesn't want to approve it why
don't you wait a week so writing a memo
and making sure that you did it right
took about a week or two then computers
came and secretaries sort of got phased
out so the days of having somebody else
type yours
your stuff one away and then what
happened typos became acceptable they
were just normal
everybody was type owing and spelling
things wrong just all over the place
did it matter yeah not much you know
sending out a typo still bad you'd
rather you didn't do it I wish I hadn't
done it I wish I hadn't spent you know
send out 50 tweets just in the past
twelve years that I had to pull back
because there was some mistake or other
on them now president Trump has called
himself modern presidential and you know
we joke about it but in this one sense
he's completely right
having your president be unfiltered by
the Watchers and the spellcheckers and
the typists and the and God knows what
gives me a sense that I'm getting his
actual thoughts and it's unfiltered now
ask yourself would you rather have an
occasional typo from your president but
you don't know if you're getting used
real thoughts because you know if
they're so perfect it must be going
through at least a few checkers who are
saying you know I wouldn't quite say it
this way
you know I'd take this word out mr.
president and then then what's he doing
instead of sending out these great
tweets which will be someday
immortalized as the greatest things ever
you'd be like well all right screw it
it's too hard to send it to wheat if I
gotta fight with you every time I make a
tweet I don't in order to it you know
you would end up just not doing it after
a while it would just be sort of
annoying every time so instead we get
modern presidential we get in fresh we
get a raw we get the spelling errors and
and does it make any difference not
really do you think that China just said
to itself we were gonna renegotiate this
trade deal but well once we saw how you
spelled counsel all deals are off nope
nope everybody did the same thing that
you and I did we looked at and said Oh
spell the word wrong spell the word
wrong guess what he eats cheeseburgers
guess what he's not perfect so what so
when you see a transition from he's
Hitler he is colluding with Russia
he's insane he's incompetent he is just
in it for the money when you see all of
those things start to fade away and
they're being replaced with looks like
we're gonna have some success with North
Korea maybe the economy is doing great
Isis is being beaten back once you're
down to typos you won you won if all
your enemies have left is typos you won
[Music]
stocks are down in 2018
they're not down from 2017 are they I
would expect stocks to take a breather
in 2018 a little bit all right
the tapper book so Jake Tapper yeah
let's talk about Jake Tapper I'm getting
some pushback because I tweeted Jake's
upcoming book he's written a fiction
book a thriller I believe I don't know
too much about it but here's a comment I
want to make about Jake I know some of
you are anti CNN so you're anti Jake etc
but here's another great example I was I
like to give you examples of this of a
talent stack so here the your the
talents the Jake Tapper has oh sorry
you probably know he's a cartoonist he
actually was a guest cartoonist for
Dilbert when I was having some guest
cartoonists do some stuff and I found
out to my chagrin that he's a better
cartoonist than I am at least a better
artist he also does none nonfiction
obviously he writes his material for the
show he speaks well in public he's got
good obviously good grammar he probably
spells really well he I think his
background is history I think he's a
historian he knows politics he's good
with people he has a really deep set of
talents but again if you were to look at
any one of those talents you might say
to yourself well that's not the the best
one in the world that that thing but man
that guy's got a lot of talents that fit
together really nicely so it's not an
accident he's doing well so you can eat
him for his opinions or whatever you
want to do but you can't take that away
from them there's an insane amount of
talent that fits really well together in
that one person
alright I'm not going to talk about
Kanye anymore today unless he has some
more excellent tweets but boy did Kanye
open up a hole in reality I hope you saw
my periscope from yesterday about that
all right
I believe I've done all the sarcasm I
need for today I'm just looking at your
questions coming in Shania Twain yeah so
should I at Wayne had to apologize she's
Canadian but she had to apologize for
saying that she might have voted for
Trump if she had a chance it's amazing
but yet that you have to apologize for
for that all right I think that's enough
for now
and I will talk to you all maybe later
today we'll see bye for now