bumbum open and bumpin I'm bone Kabyle
in here today this will be a very
special periscope probably the most
special one you'll ever see today anyway
and you know we can't have the full
enjoyment of this periscope until we've
done you know you know we have to do
first it's called the simultaneous sip
and the only way you can do it is if
you've got a cup or a mug or a glass
possibly a tankard a Stein or a chalice
you might have a thermos or a flask of
vessel of some kind maybe you filled it
with your favorite liquid maybe it's
coffee but in any event you're ready now
to join me for the unparalleled pleasure
the dopamine hit of the day the thing
that makes everything better
the simultaneous Simpa join me hmm if
you're complaining about the volume
today nothing's gonna change except that
you might get blocked for interrupting
my periscope that's the only thing that
might change so I promise you that
today's the periscope that's going to
change the way you look at the reality
of your reality forever so let's do that
yeah what would seem like it all right
let me warn you again that whoever tells
me my sound is bad I'm gonna start
blocking you I'm not going to talk about
it anymore I'm just gonna block the
people who say that okay because I can't
change it it's exactly the same exactly
the same as every other time nothing's
different okay
NBC has a story about Nick Bostrom's
idea of the simulation the idea that
this reality could have been programmed
by some other type of creature
and the idea is that maybe it was some
human beings who created us as a
simulation maybe some other kind of
alien but it's the general idea that
we're a simulation and I want to start
with that we've talked about this a
number of times so I don't have to go
into any detail about that but the first
thing I'd point out is that it's in NBC
and the number of people who were
speaking of the simulation as a
legitimate way to look at the world is
increasing would you agree
there are more and more people who are
taking seriously as I do the idea that
we are a simulated reality actually
programmed now if we are if we're a
simulated reality there are some things
that you would expect to see one of
those things you would expect is that
not everybody in the simulation is real
or based on real people because my guess
is that if we created a simulation we
would let's say if we were to do it
today
yes if the people you see around you
were to program a simulation of their
own the simulation would probably
because we have big egos take on the
personalities of the people creating the
simulation so there may be some people
in the simulation were based on some
alien who was the author and it would
also stand to reason that those
programmers would give some people a
little extra resources a little extra
free will if you will a little extra
ability to navigate the simulation and I
would suggest that there are a number of
people who were alive today who have
been spending much of their life looking
for what I'll call the user interface
for the simulation or to put it in more
ordinary terms people live to
who are looking for the levers to make
life work best what are the buttons you
can push and this thing we call life to
get the best result now if it's true
that there are some people have been
spending their life figuring out the
user interface and I'm going to talk
about those people in a little bit that
you would imagine that those people
could get results that would look
unbelievable to the rest of you in other
words if it's true that there are people
who can author their own lives they've
figured out the where the buttons are
where the levers are where the user
interface has all of its hidden menus
you would see them doing things that
just don't even seem possible is that
true let's talk about the news hold that
thought let's talk about the news in the
news the Taliban have decided to talk to
peace now we don't know if that will
work out yet but let me say it again
the Taliban decided to talk peace it's a
pretty big deal that they even decided
to have the conversation because you
don't really have the conversation
unless you think something good is going
to come of it or you want something good
to come of it so president Trump seems
to be President
coincidentally at exactly the time that
Afghan the Afghan people seem to want to
talk could it be because President Trump
pushed the right buttons maybe or maybe
it's just luck here's something else in
the news
Iran has decided it will go beyond the
limit of three point six seven percent
enrichment of uranium to a new
percentage that is quote based on our
needs government spokesman said now does
that sound like good news or bad news
well depends how you look at it you
would think it's bad news
if you said my god they're heading
toward a nuclear weapon but that's not
exactly what I'm seeing
what I'm seeing is an Iran that is
making a lot of moves but all of the
moves are measured all of the moves are
roughly proportionate and they are
getting in return proportionate or
proportional responses so they took out
at a unmanned drone didn't kill anybody
they put a few bombs on some ships in
ways that they knew wouldn't sink the
ships they said they'll enrich some
uranium but not they're not saying I'm
going to take you from here to a bomb
quality they're saying we're gonna take
it up a little which probably has more
to do with their desire to negotiate so
what we're seeing is an Iran who clearly
is showing some activity that all
suggests number one they're reasonable
people who make reasonable responses now
they have a different set of objectives
in this world but the way they respond
seems rational that's the most important
thing isn't it because if you're gonna
deal with somebody who's irrational
there's nothing you can do but if you're
dealing with somebody who's clearly
rational and they prove it over and over
again as the Iranians are then you
probably have some path that may not
have been clear yet but it may be
becoming clearer and I think that
especially with Jared Kushner's peace
and prosperity plan I think the people
in the Middle East more generally are
starting to see that the main obstacle
to everything and the Middle East just
everything is Iran that Iran is the
thing that's really the only big problem
left over there and if you were to solve
that and get Iran to be a productive
player over there
almost everything else would work out
not immediately but over time you'd have
prosperity you'd have peace
you'd have anything you wanted so it
seems to me that although it looks like
a dangerous time because Iran is
responding in ways that are scary their
responses are so measured and so
rational that it does signal something
good is about to happen not right away
there may might need to have some more
pain before we get there but I think
it's headed in the right direction let's
talk about and again it looks like
President Trump maybe just
coincidentally the president when all
this good stuffs happening he is
apparently in a new poll the president's
popularity has reached a new high
likewise as somebody mentioned in the
comments
North Korea is suddenly will will lock
that person suddenly North Korea's being
very friendly and that looks good and
coincidentally President Trump is in
charge now some more news did you notice
that anti-shah protested in DC I have to
say that the DC police failed just
failed horribly in that situation now I
want to be I want to be clear in my
thoughts here the DC police officers
were were certainly under the orders of
their bosses to handle things the way
they did so the actual police officers
on the street as far as I can tell did
an amazing job did a really really good
job I want to be clear about that the
actual officers who are on the street I
mean they look like they really really
did a good job of containing it given
the rules that they had to work with but
here's the problem they were working
with the wrong rules apparently there is
a law that says you can't wear a mask in
public
the way the anti-fog people were
apparently the police had decided at a
higher higher level I'm just speculating
here based on what we've seen that they
didn't want to cause trouble by
unmasking them that might have been too
much of a provocation could it cause
trouble I believe that that is incorrect
I believe they only had to unmask a few
on camera you don't have to unmask them
all you only have to unmask a few
because if every time you go to an
anti-fog deal
the police say look there there are 50
of you wearing masks but you to come
over here and they just unmasked them
you wouldn't have to unmask them all
because the next time people are gonna
say ah two out of 50 that's starting to
get dangerous zero out of 50 unmasked is
not dangerous
two out of 50 caught on camera well
that's a little bit dangerous all right
so we're the DC police completely failed
and I'm going to say just the management
again the the actual people on the
streets great job I think everybody
would agree with that right when you say
great job given the rules that they were
working with but I think the bosses need
to change the instructions I think they
need to say police take off a few masks
just a few make sure it's polite make
sure it's civilized and just unmask a
few people and we'll just take it from
there
all right I have a theory that when
anti-fog was first making noise you know
especially around election time in 2016
that they were probably helping the
Democrats in other words they were they
were amplifying a message that the
Democrats wanted to amplify which is
President Trump or candidate Trump is an
evil evil terrible guy but it seems to
me correct me if I'm wrong does it not
feel at this point
that everytime anti-shah goes to the
streets they make Democrats look less
legitimate it seems to me that every
time they show up and the other side
doesn't respond violently there they're
absolutely shooting their team in the
foot now if they could provoke the proud
boys or conservatives or Republicans or
Trump supporters
whoever if they could provoke anybody to
fight back well they might win that
might be a winning strategy but so far
they're not getting much fight back and
when they do it's clearly legitimate so
it looks to me that an tyfa is now the
Achilles heel of the Democrats anti
fives they're acessory an tyfa is their
earrings antiphon is the car they have
to drive when you think of the Democrats
you can't think of them anymore without
seeing these masked men in masks beating
people over the head they have become
the Democrats brand because the
Democrats have not been sufficiently
let's say out front in condemning them
now
you might recognize what I'm saying as
the same problem that conservatives and
Republicans have which is every time the
you know if something like
Charlottesville happens that's a huge
blow to the brand because the other team
can can brand you with their activities
even if you have nothing to do with it
you just happen to be a Republican the
people marching or identified with the
right and actually you know you're
identified with the group you had
nothing to do with the antifa is doing
to the Democrats what the what the
neo-nazis did to the Republicans again
the normal Democrat has nothing to do
with anti-shah the normal Republican has
nothing to do with any kind of you know
right-wing races they're completely
different but in our national view of
things they seem to be conflated so I
where are you
to say anta file needs to be stopped
I don't really say that anymore because
anti-fur has overstayed their welcome
they've jumped the shark so to speak and
now every time you see anti file you
should say to yourself well bad for
Democrats just stay out of the way so I
would encourage everybody who is you
know associated with the right or with
with Trump in any way to don't engage
make sure that the only pictures are
them showing up in masks with clubs by
the way they all had clubs did you
notice that they were anti file were
carrying flags but the flags were just
an excuse for the the stick just the
club they were clearly weapons so these
were masked people wearing weapons that
they brought to her people and the DC
police obviously operating on
instructions from their bosses let them
walk around with their weapons in public
with masks on to their credit apparently
they did a good enough job of keeping
them separated from the the folks at the
free free speech rally but I would say
at this point every anti Farr rally is
now a victory for Trump supporters if
you stay out of the way just stay out of
the way and let it play out it's the
best thing that could ever happen to you
all right in other big news you've seen
the story about Epstein ooh
[Music]
so Epstein the billionaire who was
accused of credibly accused of of course
of having lots of sex with underage
girls and he worked down some kind of
great plea deal where he served a little
bit of sort of like jail but now it's
over and he's been arrested again and as
I understand the story Mike Serna
is the reason
so Mike's herbage apparently I don't
know the legal terms but he got the some
of the information is going to be
released on the I guess the some part of
the legal proceedings and that triggered
the re-arrest of Epstein
so Mike's herbage caused that to happen
now I was reading The Daily Beast had a
story about it and I thought oh let's
see if The Daily Beast is nice to Mike
savage because I don't think that
they're friends and so I read the entire
story and his name isn't in it The Daily
Beast does this story without mentioning
Mike sir damage how do you not mention
it he's the one who caused the whole
thing so so that has to be watched you
have to watch how he is ignored because
he doesn't make sense in their story
he's their enemy he's the bad guy to the
people on the left and so they can't
reconcile they he may have done one of
the best things that's ever been done
you know in recent years we'll see how
far it goes because we don't know what
other names are going to come at us but
we expect that they'll be will be some
stuff coming out of this so that's
interesting now what's most interesting
about this is that most of you know
Mike's image is also associated with the
pizza gate conspiracy theory the idea
that there's a massive political
pedophile Reagan and that it was
operating in some way related to a pizza
parlor in DC now that's been debunked
the pizza parlor has not been associated
with anything bad I want I don't even
want to say their name because there's
no reason making it worse but what are
the odds that the person most associated
with a pedophile ring conspiracy theory
would coincidentally be the person who
broke a real
pedophile ring there was operating
apparently at the highest levels what
are the odds that that would be the same
person well remember I I started telling
you about there that we might be in a
simulation remember I told you that it
seems like there are some people who are
authors of the simulation their life
their life arc seems to resemble the
movie
who else can you say would go into that
category that Mike savage went into I
think he referred to himself on his on
his periscope yesterday which was
amazing by the way you should you really
needed to be there to watch his
periscope yesterday when he had learned
the news about his success with the
epstein thing it was sort of a moment in
history yeah it was a key moment in the
simulation if you will so watching that
live was actually quite exciting so I
turned into that for a while yesterday
but what you saw is Mike sort of Mitch
who has by his own description gone out
and I'll put my own words on it but he
tells you this all the time he is set
out to learn the user interface for
reality he wrote a book you know
guerrilla mindset which which talks
about how to have it worry a your mind
for success he's a student of this stuff
I know he's he's studying tony robbins
studied Nepal or norman vincent peale
for example
yeah and others mike Sirte has
found the user interface for reality
that's why he has a zillion Twitter
followers that's why he's changing the
United States just sitting at home I
mean he doesn't always sit at home but I
mean he can sit at home with his you
know periscope and his Twitter and his
email and he can change the world
and he did
when you look at president Trump's Ark
you see that first of all if you didn't
know he is his pastor when he was a kid
was a norman vincent peale the very same
inspirational person who I just
mentioned that Mike Tsarevich was
inspired by and I was and lots of other
people and you see that Trump apparently
doesn't have a sense of what he can't do
he doesn't have some sense that there's
something in this simulation that's not
available to him he treats the world
like everything is available to him and
he's the author of the simulation is it
working clearly it is he treats the
world like he has complete control over
it and although in any you know
short-term way you can see that that's
not true but over the larger arc of his
story it's very much trigger you you've
rarely seen anybody get as much as he
wants out of life as president Trump and
and he looks like he's just getting
started looks like the good stuff is
still ahead of us so I would suggest
that there are a number of people who
will follow the same trail and if you go
back further there's actually an origin
for this way of thinking it came from
Dale Carnegie Dale Carnegie back in
1800s I guess was the richest person in
the country maybe the world I don't know
but he was he was very rich and he got
this author Napoleon Hill he talked him
into interviewing other rich people to
find out what it was
that rich people were doing that made
them successful and other people were
not doing right here Napoleon Hill wrote
think him Grow Rich that was his big
bestseller now he was and so he
interviewed rich people to try to figure
out what what they had in common and
then learning from Napoleon Hill was
norman vincent peale and learning
norman vincent peale was a lot of people
including President Trump including me
including all bad Tony Robbins I've
never never asked them but all bad and
I'll bet in Mike Tsarevich etc here are
some people that I've identified as
having put in the time to try to learn
the the interface for reality these are
people who seem to be able to actually
change the simulation at will people who
have figured out where the buttons are
to get whatever they want and if you
look at their lives they seem to be
accumulating everything they want here
so here's some people you should follow
I mentioned Mike Tsarevich James
Altucher you should follow
he knows the user interface for life
read his work and follow him Tim Ferriss
another one went out and systematically
absorbed as much as he could about how
other people figure out the user
interface for life until he had their
knowledge and now Tim Ferriss can move
the world he actually has that power Joe
Rogan I don't know if Joe Rogan set out
to do this or it just was a coincidence
of the career he developed and allowed
him to talk to lots of people who have
different parts of the answer but
clearly Joe Rogan is somebody who is
spent time trying to figure out what
works and what doesn't work in every
realm from you know fitness and
nutrition to your your career to you
name it
I don't know that Joe Rogan ever set out
to do that but but that's where he is
Jordan Peterson of course
Jordan Peterson probably got there
through an academic path studying
everything he could about everything
from psychology to biology until when
you listen to Jordan Peterson talk about
how to live your life it's quite clear
he has figured out the user interface
and people who follow his advice will
tell you universally oh yeah this works
navall Rafa Conte I hope all of you have
heard his name you should be following
him on Twitter at at navall and AV al
Duvall does not write books even though
every publisher in the world is I would
beg him to do so if he ever wrote a book
it would be the the best bestseller that
was ever written and might like
literally it's possible I don't know
it's hard to know for sure but if navall
ever wrote a book it probably would be
in a top ten of all time books and maybe
number one might be the biggest book in
the world if he ever wrote one but he
doesn't want to doesn't want to sell
what he what he has to offer which which
is interesting because it also makes it
more valuable yeah there's something
about scarcity that makes it valuable
navall has spent quite a lifetime
figuring out what works and the user
interface for life and he's figured it
out by by all objective measures is
seems that navall can move the world
whenever he wants to he can actually
change the whole world in small ways you
know be in little corners but he can
actually walk up to the world and just
nudge it now you can't do that
you don't know how to do that navall can
walk up to any corner of the world and
just push it you can't do that right
here's another one Marc Benioff founder
of Salesforce and billionaire
philanthropist I don't know how much
he's done publicly that you could read
etc but I will tell you I spent some
time
to him and it's obvious when you talk to
him he has figured out the user
interface and I would suggest and by the
way I'm going to put myself modestly in
this camp people who spend a lifetime
reading and studying and trying to
figure out how life works
you know what are what are the few
things you can do to make something work
so if you read my books had a failed
almost everything and still win big
you'll learn the basic framework for how
I I think life works best where that
where the buttons are if you read win
big lis my book about persuasion you'll
understand the limits of our rational
minds and without that it's hard to
understand how your world works and my
upcoming book loser think which will be
available in November will tell you some
of the greatest mental traps that you
should avoid that almost everybody you
see online is falling into so my only
point is that if you were to pay
attention to these people who have gone
before it all mixes them again Napoleon
Hill norman vincent peale Donald Trump
the Trump you want to read you know the
art of the deal and even though he
wasn't the literally the author it does
capture a big part of his philosophy
Mike Tsarevich James Altucher Tim
Ferriss Tony Robbins Joe Rogan Jordan
Peterson anything in the TED talk navall
raava can't market Benioff that's a not
the full list but those are people who
have figured out how stuff works and if
you read those people you will learn now
let me say something that I've been I've
been saving this up a little bit but
once you learn the interface for life
the biggest surprise is that things you
thought were important or unimportant
and things you thought were unimportant
are completely important
and Trump displays that in the way
you've never seen before let me give you
an example when Trump started
communicating in a way that he was
running for president meaning that when
he started talking as a candidate what
did people say about him they said that
he was being too simplistic he repeated
himself and he was leaving out all the
details now we know that was exactly the
right way to communicate because he
connected with people that way he
understood what they wanted and he fed
it back to them in clear simple
repeatable language the people who do
not understand the user interface for
the universe said hey this guy must have
a fourth-grade education because we
don't see people do this we see we see
people trying to pretend to be smart by
using big words and trying to talk about
concepts why is he not doing that the
reason is that he knows it doesn't work
the thing you thought was most important
sounding like a president using big
words being intellectual trying to be
respected by everybody he knew that
wasn't important he did know that
connecting with the voters at a very
basic level was very important so he did
what was important was it luck
while his critics would say so they'd
say well he blundered into it but look
how many other things he does that are
along the same lines first of all who
understood more than President Trump
that the facts didn't matter to our
decisions the facts of course matter to
the outcomes and if you have a choice of
using good facts or bad facts for making
your decisions use good facts but who
understood that the voters just weren't
concerned with facts who understood that
the way to run a country is to ignore
the facts in terms of the details but to
be directionally let's say directionally
ethical directionally true
so if he's if he's exaggerating about
the danger of something but he's also
doing it to get something done
well that's directionally ethical
because everybody wanted to get
something done and if using some
language and some facts that are a
little bit exaggerated or off is how you
get there then the president understood
that those details were not important
but getting there was very important he
understands is this like nobody ever has
how about the president Trump making
friends with dictators almost everybody
who thought they were smart and said you
can't do that don't do that but I
guarantee you that after Trump's
administration is over that all other
leaders will be compared to that because
it's so obvious that it was a good idea
so long as you're also willing to put
sanctions on them so long as you're also
willing to be tough and this president
clearly is he clearly is willing to be
tough at the same time he's being
personally friendly so the world said
it's not important and in fact it's
counterproductive to be friends with
these dictators Trump said no actually
that might be the only thing that
matters and it looks like if you'll take
North Korea as an example and maybe even
with President Xi and in China the
personal relationship might be the only
thing that matters it might be it could
be the only thing that makes everything
else work President understood that
everybody told the President Trump all
the smart people did that you can't run
the you can't run the country on Twitter
people said well okay it did work during
your campaign but once you become
president you're not going to be
tweeting are you don't tweet as
president you can't do that what did the
president do tweeted tweeted like crazy
and maybe he has proven that you can run
the world or at least the country by
tweeting he does it over and over again
you can see that he's completely cut
through the middle people he doesn't
have his advisors to cutting him off at
the knees he doesn't have anybody
changing his message from what he wants
it to be he can go right to the people
history will record that he was
completely right in his instinct that
this tweeting was not just important but
really important like critical essential
it's one of the buttons to the user
interface for reality and he saw it and
other people didn't people said you
can't use these insulting nicknames this
is this is no way to be this is grade
school Trump realized that those
insulting nicknames were the
user-interface he could actually change
the way we saw people and the world by
pushing those buttons so what Trump
could see was these buttons the said
nicknames and everybody else said don't
push those buttons you can't push those
buttons that would be the wrong thing to
do and Trump looked at them and said
watch this flick hey it worked well
don't do it again it'll never work again
you sure you got lucky with low energy
job but you're never gonna be able to do
that again and Trump said watch this
Punk he pushed another button and he
just keeps pushing them and people keep
saying I don't see any buttons or they
say don't push those buttons or that's
not important or that's the wrong
direction but he knew it was important
here's another one if you are an
economist there's sort of a truism that
if you can get jobs right
in other words unemployment if you get
that working right almost everything
else works out people will invest or you
know do almost everything works out
you'll have a lower deficit etc
President Trump made it crystal clear
that he had one objective which was to
get everybody working that that laser
focus on the most important lever in the
user-interface
was a little bit unique to President
Trump
nobody has ever been more identified
with that one variable jobs than this
president why is that important because
it's the most important variable why did
we have to wait for Trump to tell us
what economist already know which is
that's the most important variable and
how you feel about that variable is what
makes that variable change so I told you
about the the new CEO move when Trump
and pence were first elected but before
they were even sworn in the few months
between the election and inauguration
they were out there talking to carrier
and talking to forward about keeping
jobs they created a first impression
that it was their top priority and it
remains looking like their top priority
you know defense is always the top
priority but we don't think of it that
way because because once defense is
working well you have the luxury of
thinking about other things and that's
that's where we are right there and even
though the carrier and Ford story did
not turn into a great number of jobs I
don't know if anything successful
happened at all
he knew that making that first
impression and going and of his way to
work on it before he was even in office
set the stage he knew that was important
and he was right he also knew trumped it
that energy is more important than
almost anything more important than
experience more important than facts
he knew that do you know who else knows
that
AOC she uses energy instead of facts and
it works now don't get mad at me I'm
just talking about her yeah I'm just
talking about her skill level you don't
have to like her policies okay the other
thing the president Trump understands
like nobody ever understood because he
was actually criticized for this they
would say things such as he's running it
like it's
reality-show he talks about people he
hires as if they came from central
casting the people are saying could stop
it stop it you you're a president you're
not you're not a reality TV show star
and I would watch it and I would say is
Trump the only one who understands how
important this show is the show he isn't
just a leader he's putting on a show and
the show that he puts on tells us who he
is tells us how we should act tells the
world who we are tells the world what to
watch on before tells the world what
they need to you know what they need to
do to get right with the United States
he understands that politics is about
being smart and wise and looking at the
details
it's about this show and if you get the
show right everything else works well
who puts on a better show than the
president well you just watched the
fourth of July right the man knows how
to put on the show when he does his
rallies he puts on the show when he
gives a press conference he puts on a
show when he tweets he puts on a show
he's all about the show and after his
administration the smart people will
grudgingly understand that if the next
president can't put on the show they
don't have all the tools you're gonna
look at half a toolbox whoever comes and
after Trump in all likelihood unless
they've borrowed his technique and all
likelihood it's going to look like a
president who doesn't have enough tools
so look at the fact that President Trump
just achieved according to polls his
highest approval level ever is that his
highest approval level ever he seems to
have defeated at least the territorial
ambitions of of Isis the economy looks
like it's doing really well China seems
to be on notice that they can't push us
around anymore we've got trade deals
that are going to
finalized we may have peace in the
Middle East North Korea looks like it's
heading in a productive direction this
president unlike other politicians knows
where the user interfaces to the
simulation and you watch it every day
you see him being unbothered by things
that you know should bother him and he's
just unbothered because he could tell
the difference between things that
matter and things that don't in a way
that's special and I don't think it's an
accident at all the things are going
well the reason that I was an early
supporter and predictor of Trump's
success the reason that I could see it
early is exactly the same reason Mike
sort of each could see it early we have
the same skill set we have the same
understanding of where the buttons are
to the user interface and both Mike and
I could see very early on in the process
oh my goodness
it's a politician who knows where the
buttons are it's the first time you've
never seen it before first time and the
next one might not know where the
buttons are look at Joe Biden do you
think that Joe Biden knows the user
interface to the simulation I don't
think so
I don't think so so now let me give you
some closing thoughts to keep you
motivated it is my experience that the
people who follow the people that I've
mentioned who have gone before and by
trial and error and through their own
study have figured out how the user
interface to reality works if you study
their work it will get you there faster
and you can get to a point where it
feels as if you are moving reality how
many of you have watched me if those
have you been watching for a while I
want to say this in the comments how
many of you have watched me walk up to
reality and push it and just and
nudge it in my direction I just want to
see in the comments how many of you have
watched me do that right in front of you
so watch the comments so I've called my
shots I make my predictions I show you
my work I tell you that the roots of all
my work it's not things I invented these
are things that I've acquired from those
who have gone before
it's learn about it's completely learn
about and you can know that because you
can see the people who have learned it I
just I've named a bunch of them some get
there in their own path some are
influenced by other people most I think
are influenced by other people plus
their own study but let me tell you
another thing that you don't know you've
seen all the things that I've influenced
publicly do you believe that all of my
influence is public now of course not
because there are some things that just
don't work if you're doing them publicly
I would suggest that there are possibly
20 people in the world who if they
worked on the same team could change
almost anything and yeah some of the
what people I mentioned are those types
of people there are others but there are
probably 20 people in the country who
could move the country in any direction
they wanted and it would work more
effectively if they teamed up and they
were on the same side but you can start
to see who these people are you can also
see that it's learn about one of the
reasons one of the reasons that I'm
fascinated watching Ali Alexander's
career come together is that you can
tell the Ali is a seeker in other words
he's on this path he is he is learning
from people who got there quicker or got
not there didn't get there quicker but
they got there
before usually because they're older and
he's picking up technique and you watch
his power grow if you haven't watched
this it's it's really amazing somebody
says the bitcoin kid yeah Eric Feynman
Eric fenman is someone who's on this
path eric fenman already at age what is
he 19 and age 19 can already walk up to
reality and push it and he and he is a
student and I know this because I know
him he is a student of the user
interface he's figuring out little by
little how stuff works plus he's a
genius so he's figuring out stuff on his
own as well but if you were to if you
were to follow young people who can you
know move the world well that's a couple
of them right there I'm gonna leave you
with one thought that I just want you to
grapple with right it's sort of
tangentially related to this topic but
I'm just gonna give you this one thought
and just listen to the sentence so I'm
gonna say it twice because the first
time you hear it you're gonna say mmm I
want to hear that again so I'll say it
twice all right here it is God is what's
left after you take everything away
gonna say it again God is what's left
after you take everything away and I'll
talk to you tomorrow