pom pom pom pom pom pom pom pom pom hey
everybody come on in here I'm
broadcasting today from my undisclosed
location and I think I got the time
difference right this time so it should
be exactly the right time for coffee
with Scott Adams and that's why you were
here I know I you're here you're here
for the simultaneous sip that dopamine
pleasure that's always the right thing
to do that's your day off just perfectly
and all you need to join me for the
simultaneous it this is a cup or a mug
or a glass some kind of a cellist a
Stein a tankard that would be fine
could be a canteen may be a vessel of
any kind filled with your favorite
liquid I like coffee and join me now for
the simultaneous end you know I have to
enjoy my coffee from a tiny little glass
or a cup it's not like being at home
where I can just have a big-ass cup all
right um so you may have noticed that
the mental health of the country is
deteriorating deteriorating at exactly
the same time as most things are going
pretty well the only thing that isn't
going well is that people are becoming
mentally ill at the same time things are
going well otherwise now of course we
expect this in the political season I
just wrote a blog post I posted this
morning you can see it on my Twitter
feed you can see it linked in which I
talked about how to figure out if you're
in the right reality and this sort out
whether your reality is close to
something that's predictive and maybe
real if there is such a thing and
whether or not your reality is the
opposite some kind of hallucination that
does not predict what will have
but next if your reality is no good at
predicting what's gonna happen next well
you got a problem so you can read the
blog post for more on that but let's
talk about what's new before I talk
about all the craziness before I talk
about the craziness let's talk about
guns I tweeted a thought experiment
yesterday that people did not quite take
in the in the manner which I expected so
here was the thought experiment and the
idea was imagine a world in which all of
the a are they scary-looking assault
looking rifles or pink what if they're
all pink and I said just just think
about that what what would that change
now because people are not good as
thought experiments at least a third of
the people said and I quote da da Scott
nothing will change people will just
spray-paint their gun black well that's
cheating because the point of the
thought experiment was not to suggest a
policy or a law if I were suggesting a
policy or a law then that would be a
fair thing to say hey it might not work
because people were just spray painted
black but that wasn't it that's not what
I was going for I wanted to you just to
imagine a world and artificially imagine
that nobody has spray paint they just
can't be done now that's not the real
world but that's why it's a thought
experiment it's a thought experiment in
part because you can't do it in the real
world so imagine that nobody can spray
paint their gun to a scary black color
it's just always pink and the question
is would we have the same amount of mass
shootings now
if you can't deal with this as a thought
experiment and you're sort of locked
into but-but-but Scot they would just
spray-paint their gun you can't be in
this conversation you're not qualified
to talk about the thought experiment if
you're locked into buh buh but they
would just spray paint them just imagine
they can't I know they can but just try
to imagine they can't for a moment all
right would there be as much shooting so
there's a point to all this and here's
the point
not that it would ever be any practical
way to reduce gun violence what I'm
trying to get at with the thought
experiment is to try to figure out
what's the base problem what you know
and there are a lot of variables so it
may not be one thing but there might be
one lever there might be one thing that
helps you fix it even if it's not the
source of the problem because sometimes
the solution and the cause can be
somewhat separate and and the solution
can be a little bit invisible sometimes
so here's the idea if you were a
potential mass shooter and you knew the
only way that you can do your crime was
with a large pink weapon would you be as
motivated to do it now if you're saying
but you could still do it well again
you're not qualified for the thought
experiments so the people who say no
people can just shoot anyway it doesn't
matter if the gun is pink you're not
quite qualified to be in this
conversation because what we're talking
about is how the feel of things that
changes your motivation yes I know if
you're motivated to do it you can use
any colour gun I know I get that but
would people be as equally motivated if
the look and feel of the action was no
longer cool that I told you before that
anybody gets a big scary rifle is gonna
go stand in front of the mirror every
single
I'm nobody in the history of gun buying
ever bought a scary large weapon an
actual rifle and failed to walk directly
to a mirror and look at how they look
every single person would you agree at
least once people have looked at
themselves in the mirror holding they're
gone or taking a picture to do the same
thing there is something about the
lifestyle of it there's something about
the coolness of it if I can use that you
know word in in the context of horrible
motives and if people if young men did
not feel that there's something about
the lifestyle of it the coolness of it
the look and the feel of it if this were
not all compatible with who they thought
they were as people I believe they would
be far less motivated to do it the the
people say wrong people say disagree
okay if you're saying for the people who
are saying I'm wrong and disagree if
you're saying but they would just
spray-paint their gun you're not
qualified to be in the conversation
because the thought experiment says
they're not they can't do that just
magically they're not allowed to do that
so here's the point forget about pink
guns forget about pink guns nobody's
gonna require pink guns it's not gonna
happen it was only a thought experiment
let it go did you learn anything maybe
maybe you did oh here's somebody who's
critical but they just disappeared if
what you learned is that there's
something about the lifestyle feel of it
the coolness of it if I can use that
that appeals to a certain demographic
they tend to be white males within a
certain age range what could you do to
change that and if you did would they
simply choose different methods to kill
well some would some would
absolutely some would just find
different ways to kill but do you think
it's a coincidence that the Islamic
terrorists seem to be limited to certain
types of attacks have you ever noticed
that if you're an Islamic terrorist
there there are certain types of
violence that are the right kind and yet
there are all these other ways that you
could do terrible things at this country
I'm not going to mention them you know
them all there are all these other ways
that jihadists could just make terrible
trouble for this country and they don't
for years years have gone by and they're
all these ways that the the Islamic
terrorists could do terrible things to
this country beyond the things that they
had tried to do but they don't there's
something about the lifestyle of it that
appeals to certain groups and if you
could change that you might change at
least the motivation of people to do it
somebody says I just learned this Scott
doesn't understand guns alright well
we'll delete you for stupidity
because if you if you heard me say
anything about guns you're hallucinating
we're gonna it's funny we're getting
more more trolls in here than usual
let's say do movies and video games make
them cool absolutely absolutely
yeah the so it's not just video games
it's movies it's TV it's it's everything
all right so that was the experiment if
you asked me the real problem with these
mass shootings is that they fit a
lifestyle of a certain individual and if
you could change the lifestyle appeal
then the gun shooting would go away it
might be it might be moved into some
other category let's talk about crazy
people are here here's some tells for
people who have lost they've just lost
the thread to any logic or credibility
it's the people who say
Trump's a racist and is just a fact oh
do you have any evidence like what are
you talking about in particular or trans
racist it just is so watch for the
people who who are explicitly given up
on offering reasons because the reasons
apparently aren't good enough they're
not working and they they don't know why
their reasons aren't working and of
course it's because their reasons are
fake news for the most part you're a
tyrant so he's calling me a tyrant
that's new so if you see that the people
who who are no longer willing to debate
they're just saying it just true it's
just it is it's just the truth it's
reality moving on those people typically
are having a tough time holding on to
reality so look for that so here are the
things that we've seen in the last day
or so we've seen a Joe Scarborough at
Morning Joe and MSNBC he says that any
business that donates to trump is
complicit and endorses the white
supremacy he espoused in charlottesville
which of course didn't happen
that's fake news but fairly Joe Joe
doesn't know that with his quote to send
her back chants which of course also
taken a little bit out of context and by
laughing at shouts the Hispanic
immigrants should be shot donors names
are an FEC report that they are
newsworthy so the idea that he and I
guess who is the politician the brother
of fool Ian Castro so Julio Castro's
brother also a politician is printing it
is printing the names of donors
companies that are donors so that people
can boycott those companies now let me
ask you this would you want to have a
government that has lots of supporters
who think that
we should determine our commerce based
on political affiliation it might be the
worst idea anybody's had in the realm of
economics so remember every time you see
a one of the anti-trump errs target any
companies or people for economic
destruction that's who wants to run your
economy think about what's the if you
wanted to destroy the American economy
would just say one move there probably a
few ways to do it but one way to do it
would be to say get everybody whipped up
so that they'll only they'll only buy
things from people who agree with them
politically can you think of a more
effective way to destroy the country no
I don't think it's their intention to
destroy the country but Wow oh did I say
Joaquin Castro okay so it was Joaquin
Castro versus the brother so he's the
one who's printing the names daxing as
they call it
doxing people who are Trump's forced now
I don't think we should just criticize
that on the small so you know if you
were just looking at one person doxxing
some people it's it's a smallish problem
but think about these this is the group
of people wants to run your economy
these are the people who want to put
their person in charge of the economy
and they're suggesting literally the
most destructive thing that could ever
happen to any nation's economy they're
there I hate to say this what I'm going
to anyway Democrats have actually
started a trade war within the United
States the same people who think that
it's a bad idea to have a trade war with
China and other countries are expressly
starting a trade war in the United
States
by daxing people by their political
views saying if you if you agree with
President Trump we can't do business
with you that's sort of a trade war
isn't it so starting a trade war in your
own country is literally the worst
economic idea of all time of all time I
don't know has anybody ever done a
dumber thing than that
in terms of the economy let's talk about
some other people were going a little
bit crazy if some guy at MSNBC we're
suggesting that because the president is
flying the flags at half-mast until
August 8th and August 8th would be would
be expressed as the 8th month and the
8th day and the letter 8th is done by
white supremacists as the eighth letter
of the alphabet
this stands for H and to letter to
number 8 therefore a would be H H and
therefore would be Heil Hitler
this pundit from Mendes MSNBC is
suggesting that either the president has
bad advice or he's sending secret codes
to waster premises to which I say okay
but you know aid is one of the numbers
within the you know the numbers under 10
well let's say the numbers of the month
there are only 31 at tops so a fear of
all the numbers in a month
you only have 31 to work with should we
get rid of 8 18 and 28 28 sounds pretty
bad right 28 is 2 times 8 that's Heil
Hitler
why are we talking about 28 28 sounds
like the bad one don't you think so
that strikes me honestly that just
strikes me as some form of mental
illness that doesn't strike me as news
what's interesting is that I think the
election will be won by whichever side
has the lowest opinion of their own
voters intelligence which is it's a heck
of a situation think about it the
election will probably be won but
whichever side has the lowest opinion of
their own voters because smart accurate
opinions don't really work in politics
yeah you want to dumb things down to the
the dumbest the dumbest level so the the
Democrats are imagining that their
people will believe absolutely anything
about racism and and the president being
a racist Nicole Wallace also of MSNBC
she apologized because she and here's
her apology on Twitter so Nicole Wallace
of MSNBC says I misspoke about Trump
calling for an extermination of Latinos
what what what what what let me go on
what did this actually happen I swear
this happened she's apologizing and
saying she misspoke about Trump calling
for the extermination of Latinos what
and then she goes on and she says my
mistake was unintentional and I'm sorry
Trump's constant assault on people of
color and his use of the word invasion
to describe the flow of immigrants is
intentional and constant so she says she
is sorry but not sorry I guess so I
tweeted back and I said apology accepted
likewise I said in my tweet I would like
to take this opportunity to apologize to
anyone I have accidentally
accused in public of ethnic genocide so
if I've ever been spoken and seemed to
be in favor of ethnic genocide I
probably didn't mean it just like Nicole
Wallace now what's wrong with Nicole
Wallace that she could hear the
president's language and even get
anywhere close to extermination of
Latinos like is that even in the same
universe with whatever the president
saying that they don't like
think how crazy that is does that sound
like just politics it doesn't really
does it doesn't sound like politics does
it sound like an intentional lie not
really because it would be such a bad
intention to lie that you wouldn't
expect a professional news person to
think that that would turn out well my
best assumption is that she actually
believed it when she sent it i yeah i'm
not reading her mind but how else can we
interpret that kind of a mistake in her
mind she actually was thinking the
president was in was in favor of
extermination of Latinos and worse where
do we use the term extermination well
with vermin and insects so Nicole
Wallace has a second apology to make
because she paired Latinos with the word
extermination which was only her own
word it wasn't a quote of anybody else's
word nobody nobody suggested or used
those words together at all the
president didn't nobody did only one
more only one person that I've ever I
think ever probably in my life only one
person I've
were known to put it in one sentence
extermination of Latinos and it was
Nicole Wallace I think she has some
explaining to do
that's the worst combination of words
you could ever say and she's not the
only crazy one out there the whole world
is going crazy now it's a weird world
because the mainstream media has this
power that normally is reserved for
dictators one of the things that
dictator can do is commit a crime and
then blame somebody else for it and then
punish them it was part of the great
thing about being a dictator right I
mean it's great for the dictator it's
not good for any of the people living
under the dictator but a dictator can
actually do a crime and then when the
crime is discovered the dictator can say
oh that was Bob Bob is quite the
criminal I think I'll execute Bob and
though you know all taken care of I'm
gonna get executed Bob the media is
doing that so the media is creating the
crime by framing everything the
president does is clearly and obviously
not see Hillier racism and then after
they've committed the crime of tearing
the country apart
racially which we observe right in front
of us after they commit the crime what's
step to frame the president they're
actually framing the president for the
crime they're committing right in front
of us every day they are using this
crime every day and oh yeah and then
Reza Reza Aslan good suggestion he said
in a tweet he wants to eradicate Trump
supporters eradicate how do you
interpret that
well when Trump talks about infestations
he's specifically talking about the
actual you know rats and bugs it's very
clear language it's obvious what he
means when Reza
one says we must eradicate Trump
supporters what's that mean he's not
talking about insects and and mice I
don't think so all right let's see what
else we got going on here yeah on MSNBC
they had the the chyron it's called the
chyron it's a little let the little
label at the bottom of the screen and
and they just had these three words
Trump inspired terrorism Trump inspired
terrorism I think that's of evidence
that's sort of opinion II wouldn't you
say because I don't know that anybody
has done a terrorist act because of the
president there are people who do bad
things and they look for excuses for it
and stuff you know a few a few crazy
people it's not a slam how do you
pronounce it if it's not a sling all
right yeah so Reza said that mega hat is
is basically a KKK hat and the where
whoever wears it should be eradicated
and he's still on Twitter apparently
that's okay it's it's okay this is just
eradicating what is it 47% of the
country at this point you support the
president now here here's my first
question
everything that you see on the news and
all the emotions and stuff as high as
they are now they're going to get higher
because the elections coming somebody
says Trump calls Mexicans rapists yeah
that's a hallucination too so let me
speak to you I've got a blog post on
that if you'd like to see why you're
hallucinating in particular go to my
Twitter feed and
and read it now so let's just talk about
that somebody in the comments says Trump
says Mexicans are rapists now when he
says that do you believe that he means
that they're genetically rapists as in
the women and the children are just
they're just born rapists do you think
that's what he means or do you think a
more reasonable interpretation would be
that the people coming across the border
include racists I'm not that racist
rapists and that we have solid evidence
that they're raping the the immigrants
themselves and that there's a whole lot
of rape going on now if you're concerned
about the president saying that there
are criminals and rapists among the
immigrants I would like I would like to
hear the counterpoint which tells me
what level of rape and crime is
acceptable to you because if you can say
that then I'd say okay you're part of
the adult conversation if what you're
saying is we should I'll just pick an
example let's say you say we should let
in a million immigrants a year whatever
the number is that you support if we let
in a million we could probably calculate
how much crime comes with an average of
a million people we could probably
calculate how much extra rape that means
how much actual extra child trafficking
how many how many extra murders now some
of those categories might be lower than
average for example the immigrants
coming across the border might commit
fewer crimes than the people who live
here on average in part because they
have more to lose because they also
could get deported that's we might find
that the number is less than we have
here but the question that then would
have to be asked is what level is
acceptable where if a million people
brings with it 20,000 rapes
just tell us your opinion if your
opinion is I want to allow a million
people in knowing full well that that
will cause the rape of 20,000 extra
people but people are kind of bad people
and people are people so we should not
we should not discriminate against one
class of people because every class of
people has some criminals in it
therefore the people who would want to
let a million people in at the price of
20,000 extra rapes just say your opinion
if you can't state your opinion are you
part of the adult conversation if you
can't say here's the benefit and here
also the cost but I still prefer this
package you're not part of the adult
conversation so whoever it is who said
Trump called Mexican rapists if you're
an adult you understand he means that
there's too much crime coming across the
border if you're a child you think that
he means that even the women the
children and every single Mexican is a
rapist by nature do you really believe
he's thought that do you believe he
wanted us to believe that do you believe
anybody thinks that is there anybody in
the country have you ever met even one
person in your entire life who holds
that opinion nobody so let's let's see
your counter view how many people do you
think should be let in a year and then
how many rapes and murders do you find
acceptable for the benefits of
immigration and by the way on pro
immigration I think most people are the
vast majority people are Pro immigration
now if you said to me Scott you're Pro
immigration
oh are you so answer your own question
how many rapes and murders are you
willing to put up with to have
immigration and I would say I don't know
what's what's the normal amount that a
million people caused today let's say if
you could normalize it by socio-economic
group or whatever so you're not talking
about ethnicity you're just talking
about
you economic group for every million
people how many crimes did they commit
if it's similar or less I'd say okay
it's 20,000 but that's the same number
that a million American citizens would
cause if they were in low socio-economic
group I'd say people are people that's
nobody wants extra crime but if you want
extra people they come with crime so so
yes I'm an adult I like immigration and
I know it comes with these costs and
I've looked at the costs they look
acceptable all things being considered
nobody likes crime but a million people
are gonna bring some crime so you got it
you got to take the good with the bad
now I can say that if you're opposed to
that opinion I don't know what the
reasonable opposition to that would be
now one of the questions that I saw
there used to be asked that I don't see
enough of is I'd like to see the
Democrats give us a number especially
the candidates for president and I don't
know if Trump has given a number but
he's I think he's somewhere in the
neighborhood of keeping immigration sort
of similar to what it's been in the past
but not getting worse I don't know what
the numbers the president suggests but
there are people who are saying is wrong
so if you're saying that the number of
immigrants today is wrong meaning that
you believe there should be more of them
what's the number what would be too much
the I I have seen some Democrats I don't
know if any of the candidates have said
this but to say there's no upward limit
it's like whatever many as you want and
maybe that's the right number but I'd
like that I'd like people to say that so
you should be able to say about thirty
million is thirty million too many will
say thirty million over five years is
that too many I'd like to hear a
Democrat answer that question
directly can you imagine the Democrats
lined up on stage and the host saying
I'm going to ask each of you to say
whether you'd be okay with this amount
of immigration per year you guys the
first one you say are you okay with a
million a year they probably say yes
five million my say yes ten million
maybe they start hedging 30 million are
you okay with 30 million a year if
you're a Democrat what do you say do you
say yes I'm okay with 30 million a year
because that gets kind of pricey for the
people who are already here
so if you can't put a number on it
you're not part of the adult
conversation so I would welcome all of
the Democrat candidates to join the
adults tell us what they want to get out
of immigration but also talk honestly
about the costs that they're willing to
accept to get those benefits the dumbest
way that we could argue this stuff is
all of the Republicans talking about the
crime and the expense the costs never
talking about the benefits and all of
the Democrats only talking about the
benefits and just pretending as though
the costs and the the crime at cetera
just don't exist so both sides are
taking the child's view on this from the
most part not every person there are
individuals were we're talking about it
right all right how could they say any
number is too high that's right they
can't say any number is too high but the
public needs to know that I feel like
all the the Democrats are getting off
easy and maybe the Republicans in many
cases as well because you can't predict
forward what's going to happen so I'd
like to hear for example somebody say
Democrat a running for president you're
in favor of something like open borders
you don't have to use the word open
borders but you're you're you're okay
with large
of immigrants tell us what that looks
like
in ten years what's the country look
like in your world how many people come
because the Democrat might say look I'm
in favor of as many want to come as
possible I just think that given that
you know the difficulty of getting here
it's probably never gonna be more than
three million a year and although that's
a stretch
I'd be okay with that if a Democrat said
that I'd say I could agree with that or
I could disagree with that but okay you
gave me your you gave me your pluses you
gave me your minuses and then you told
me your priorities I respect that
tell me your number here's a question
for you know by the way did did yang
make the second next set of debates I
saw a headline that said that we know
who's in the the next group I don't know
if he hang made it but if he did uh let
me let me put out a thought to you has
yang told a lie yet because I can't
think of one can you I said things that
I didn't like he suggested policies I
didn't fully understand etc but can you
think of an example among all of the
candidates somebody somebody said that
they read he did I'd like to see an
example of that now there may be there
may be situations in which he had a fact
wrong but can you think where that case
were yang said a direct lie I'm not sure
we have if somebody says yes the Russia
hoax I don't know about that I I don't
remember any yang comments about the
Russia hoax that would be outside of
just what we're observing on the news
you know in other words
sort of
describing it and worrying about things
and it's okay to worry about Russian
interference and if you hang thought
that there was too much in the last
election that would be sort of
mainstream thinking but has he lied now
here's why this is interesting I don't
think it's in him to lie because we
would have seen it by now right
you would have seen them just lying like
crazy by now because all the rest of
them are doing it you know what was the
well you know all the all the other
politicians are bending the truth but I
just haven't seen him do it now that
doesn't mean I support him for president
here's where I'm going to this wouldn't
you'd like to see yang ask those
questions
how many immigrants is the right number
how much crime per year you know in
terms of rapes and murders and whatever
how much is acceptable to get X number
of immigrants which we agree are useful
sort of in general good for the economy
good people good for everybody
so yeah Buddha judge here's another one
he's sort of a rational intellectual
person I asked him the direct question
what would you like it to look like how
many per year alright um Bernie Sanders
interviewed on Joe Rogan I don't know
what that's all about
he called Trump a racist that's an
opinion so I'm not saying yang doesn't
have opinion as you disagree with I just
don't know that he's told to direct ly
it which would be unique so that's why
he's interesting because perhaps you
could ask him a direct question and have
some anticipation of getting an actual
coherent direct answer and I'd like to
hear it he might actually have a pretty
good view on this I I worry that he
hasn't thought through all of the issues
he sort of you know he's focusing on his
you bi thing
to good effect I I think yang has taken
that thousand dollars a month ubi idea
and he's taking it from that's crazy too
let's listen to this a little bit more
what the one of the most consistent
opinions I hear his people say when I
first heard about this that wasn't ubi a
thousand dollars a month it was crazy
and then I heard yang explained it sort
of a little bit flexible about it it's
not crazy it's not it's simply not crazy
you could disagree with it and it might
not work might be a bad idea but it's
not crazy it's well within the rational
realm and that makes it actually unusual
in politics
somebody says ubi it could be a stimulus
yeah um I do agree that we're gonna have
a mass group of citizens who just are
not capable of surviving in the world as
it's organized I'm going to say this
again because probably it's the most
important thing in the future if I had
to pick one most important thing now
here I'm assuming that we've got war
under control we know how to manage the
economy there'll be some ups and downs I
think we'll get a handle on the
environment etc so I'm sort of
discounting those not because they are
huge but because we seem to have a
pretty good hand alone here's something
we have no handle on it's growing like
crazy and no idea what to do about it
mental health addiction and one that's
sort of tied to those two so there's
mental health and addiction but there's
a third category there are people who
were sort of normal-ish but they are
incapable of functioning in modern
society because they don't have the
mental or emotional capability it's just
too complicated and too stressful
and they just can't handle it there are
more and more people in that category
every
you saw the story of the there's a woman
who had a half a million dollars in
college debt for some college made major
that didn't have much of a financial
future now if somebody is operating in
the modern world and runs up a half a
million dollars of personal debt to get
a degree that doesn't have financial
potential much anyway that person is by
my description incapable of functioning
in modern society she's probably not
crazy she's probably not addicted to any
kind of drug that's you know causing her
to make bad decisions I mean possibly
but I don't think so I think that the
the normal complexity of the world has
increased and increased but our
intelligence and our ability to cope has
not changed we haven't evolved as
quickly as as complexity is increasing
so I think that we're approaching a
point where something like 1/3 to 2/3 of
all citizens are unqualified to operate
in the modern world probably something
like 1/3 of adult humans have the basic
mental physical and emotional capability
to succeed if you went back 200 years
almost everybody could succeed you know
you could be that you could have an IQ
of 80 and you could have an addictive
personality but there was nothing to get
addicted to I mean you're lucky if you
get some moonshine and you always had a
job because it was manual labor and
somebody would say well you've got an EQ
IQ of 80 but your job is to pick this up
and put it over here and the person with
an IQ of 80 says that's it just pick
this stuff up and put it on the truck
yeah that's it all right I can do that
I'll do that all day and I get paid but
we're we've left that world so what do
you do in a world where two-thirds of
the public
is not qualified to live in this world
yeah you have to reorganize society to
account for that or I mean what the
other the other options are you let them
all star of the country falls apart you
know we've become cannibals I mean
there's no real alternative except to
reconfigure society so that people with
low capability or lower than the top
third can still have a quality life so I
think the ubi thing gets directly at
that in a very simple way there's
there's a complicated way to describe it
but I I appreciate and value
Andrew Yang's approach to simplify it
all in two thousand dollars a month
because that at least introduces you to
a pretty complicated topic and it
introduces you in a an
easy-to-understand way and then once you
get immersed in it you can kind of see
that it's it's a pretty it's a deep
topic it goes to everything from you
know addiction and IQ to robots to
capitalism to income inequality it's
like all in there it's a real
complicated topic so here's my take I
believe that we will fail if we say
there are people of all types and
they're going to live in the same place
because the people who can't make it are
going to make it impossible for the
people who can to even live there that
they will create a city for example
that's Baltimore so everything becomes
Baltimore in the future because the
number of people who aren't trained or
equipped or maybe they have addiction or
whatever mental health who knows they'll
just be too many people who can't handle
the complexity of modern society and
then even if there are people who can
they're surrounded by too many who can't
and the whole thing falls apart I think
we're gonna have to have entire new
communities just for people who can't
handle the complicated ones I don't see
an alternative I don't see us curing
addiction while keeping the people with
a dick
personalities in the same place as all
the people who don't have addictions
because the people who don't have
addictions they're going to be
recreationally drinking and doing drugs
and everything and it's it's going to be
impossible for an addict to really stay
straight in that environment they have
to go somewhere where they just can't
get any they have to go somewhere where
there are jobs that are lifting things
and putting them on trucks because they
can't do anything else
they don't have much more capability so
unless we build entirely separate places
for people of all races ages genders and
everything but the only thing they have
in common is that they're not capable of
functioning in the modern society for
whatever reason addiction mental health
you name it they need to be somewhere
else where that that somewhere else can
be optimized for the people who are
there and it doesn't drag down
everything it will be pleasant uns and
Baltimore's
well in theory so here's here's the part
which I'm assuming but since I don't say
it sounds wrong I've been saying for
years and I'm a hundred percent
convinced of this that if you used
design instead of just cash but you you
well designed a small community you
would have a perfect situation I'm going
to show you a picture I don't know if
you'll be able to see it on my phone
well of exactly what I'm talking about
let's see
bear with me I've got a good picture
come up I swear to God I do all right
well you might be able to see in a
little bit can you see that at all so
these are these are units that are like
little squares they have big glass walls
so that this is actually a hotel but the
the nature of the hotel is exactly how I
imagined future cities should look so
it's a you know smallish living space
with a bathroom and
sort of all it is now imagine that you
had some storage so people can keep
their stuff but basically what you need
is a little living space in the bathroom
and the entire wall on one side is a
sliding glass opening thing now as long
as you have something to look at out
your big glass wall you don't feel like
you're you know a that you're in a small
too small of the place you feel like
you're part of the outdoors because your
whole wall opens up to the outdoors I
like here so if you were to design small
living spaces you probably could get the
cost of one person to live in one place
down to $50,000 and it would be kind of
Awesome and and if you didn't put a
kitchen in it because there's a common
you know cafeteria for example you
didn't need a garage because there's
mass transportation you can walk or bike
everywhere so if you designed a new city
so the you so that everybody could live
there inexpensively and it wasn't just
that the second choice it would actually
be better than the other city you know
where the rich people live is going to
be complicated and messy and it's just
always a big problem the best lifestyle
I ever experienced was College yes
somebody's saying dorms so it's
basically taking the college dorm
concept but instead of you know these
dinky little concrete rooms so you don't
want to be in with a roommate you have
at least your own space a giant glass
wall to the outdoors so your small space
seems large and you can interact with
people outdoors and and you'd have a
good space now you would also want to be
able to move from your smaller space to
better spaces so you'd want some kind of
a path to get to a bigger better space
or whatever somebody says Scott Adams
and that's the studio apartment no no
that's not what happened
what happened was I just said that
existing studio apartments are poorly
designed there's
they're not really places that you want
to spend too much time I'm saying that
for the same space and the same cost
better design gets you to a place where
I'm literally on vacation in something
that's the size of let me look around
this entire living space I'm right I'm
in right now is roughly the size of my
bathroom at home true story so my entire
living space where I am on vacation
where I paid a lot I paid a lot to come
here and I'm in a space that's about the
size of my bathroom at home completely
happy because they've designed it right
all right anyway that's enough on that
and I will talk to you all tomorrow read
my blog post it's you can see the link
in my Twitter feed bye for now