[Music]
you know I had my DNA checked and it
turns out they can actually tell by my
DNA that I don't have any that I'm
unlikely to have good musical
appreciation I'm a bit tone-deaf yes yes
I'm late sorry it was up late figuring
up my taxes why am i doing taxes in
September I'm really really slow true
story
now we've got a few interesting oh yes
it's time for the simultaneous sip I'm
all off my game today
are you ready simultaneous it somebody
says I just I should just take a knee
I'll just take a knee all right so
speaking of taking me by now you all
know that Nike has chosen Colin
Kaepernick to be part of its new
campaign and people are up in arms I say
people who are not Kaepernick fans now
I'm trying to figure out if that was a
good business decision and it's a tricky
one because their brand is about being
you know young and bold and rebellious
and you know that he's in a lot of ways
he does fit the brand it's just this
this very specific rebellious thing that
he's caught up in the the kneeling stuff
has been interpreted by his haters as
being anti flag anti America in a way it
is of course but even though he's
talking about police brutality alleged
police brutality and if I had to net
this out it feels like they're gonna
lose more than they're gaining somebody
says the stock is dropping I'm not sure
you can really judge by that there's
there's you know people are trading
based on guessing at this point but if I
had to guess I feel like conservatives
have two things going let's say two
characteristics that make this a
dangerous situation
one is that I don't know that
conservatives are big on trendy brands
so they wouldn't I don't think
conservatives would stick with Nike just
because I Nikes my brand so they're
probably easy to dislodge now I have a
closet full of nike shirts because I
like their shirts that has nothing to do
with Nike just when I'm in the store and
I'm looking at shirts I tend to like the
ones I make now and I'm sure there was
lots of people in my category but it has
nothing to do with Nike so if I were
really mad at them it wouldn't be the
biggest problem in the world to avoid
their products except I'm not sure I
could avoid all of them because they've
got some good stuff if they didn't make
good products it'd be harder anyway so
here's my my net guess I think
conservatives have long memories and not
as much fashion attachment not as much
attachment to the brand so if I had to
guess I'd say this is going to be bad
for Nike but I'm wondering if we can get
to the point where we'll be able to tell
your political preferences by your
Footwear you know it's bad enough that
if somebody wears a red Magga hat
they're going to get beat up but are we
going to get to the point where if
you're wearing adidas somebody's going
to look over and say
adidas conservative Trump supporter kill
probably take a while to get there but
anyway so that's my prediction my
prediction is that it will be bad for
Nike but hard to be part of me doesn't
hate the attention they're getting part
of me doesn't hate that the the
Kaepernick does fit their brand so it's
a pretty brave choice
that I don't think is gonna work out but
I don't hate them for making the choice
what's the next thing I want to talk
about oh so trouble brewing in Syria
again surprise surprise and it looks
like the setup is here for another false
flag chemical attack there's a some
province of abital or something in which
there are some rebels existing the
Syrian government wants them out Russia
apparently it's going to help them and
they're surrounded and I don't know what
the US is connection is to these rebels
but the US was president and Popeye Oh
have both warned by tweet they hey
Russia and Syria you said you wouldn't
touch these guys leave them alone but it
seems that since those tweets Russia has
already started bombing now the part of
the worry is that if the fighting gets
to a stalemate which is likely that the
Syria will stage a chemical attack but
whether they stage a chemical attack or
not there's one thing that we can be
sure of
there will be reports of chemical
attacks so who knows if there will be a
chemical attack but we all know there's
going to be a report of a chemical
attack that's for sure
and why would there be you know the
rebels aren't idiots they're going to
take some pictures of some people
gasping for air and they're gonna say
it's hard for you to get over here to
check out to check out automatically but
just look at all these people on the
ground gasping for air Syria has used
chemical weapons against us come over
here and save us now I don't mean to
make fun of that because if I were them
well I would certainly do that if you
were in the rebels situation and you
were literally gonna get wiped out and
bombed it to nothing unless you pulled a
rabbit out of your hat you'd be looking
in that half for some rabbits so the
odds of a either a real chemical attack
which is probably at least fifty percent
right I don't know I don't know how to
put odds on it but it seems like the
odds of an actual real attack are pretty
darn good pretty darn good and the
reason that chemical attacks happen is
that they work really well if you're
trying to clear a city almost nothing
works as well especially if you want to
keep the buildings around so there's a
big chemical attack coming and we know
it's coming and it's a weird thing and
when I say we know it's coming either
the real one or the faked one but we're
gonna have to deal with it so let's see
how that all shakes out now in many of
these stories we we don't really know
enough about the situation there's
probably all kinds of intrigue and
backstabbing and double-dealing and
special interests and multi-country
shenanigans that make us not not really
know what's the deal over there
somebody says rebels are Isis maybe but
why why would we be protecting Isis so
there's stuff we don't know going on
there all right at the same time over in
Afghanistan there's talk about maybe the
US will talk with Isis and it looks like
there's some willingness on both sides
to do that and I thought well here once
again that's a pretty practical approach
just as we've talked to Kim jong-un
and Putin it probably just always does
help to be able to talk to these people
so I think it might help a little bit
that we can at least have a conversation
with the Taliban because the Taliban are
not the ones who want to make
international problems they're the ones
who want to run their own country al
biet in a horrible way but it's not
always our problem yeah if you had to
pick the Taliban or Isis you would pick
the Taliban all right so then you also
saw the tweet from the president
mocking Jeff Sessions apparently the
Department of Justice is going to bring
charges against two Republicans who were
early Trump supporters and conveniently
that will happen close to the midterms
or did happen already
but anyway it's before the midterms and
the president was mocking him for making
is so hard to you know how leaving so
little time to put another Republican in
a safe Republican spot and you know of
course the president is predictably
being rocked for interfering with the
process and obstructing justice and
everything by his tweet but is it
obstructing justice to say in public
what everybody else is saying in public
you know is it really obstructing
justice when instead of firing people
you say in public exactly what other
people are saying in public and it's no
surprise and it's just transparent would
it make any difference if he said it in
public or he just felt it in private I
don't know how much difference does it
really make it's provocative I'm not
sure it was a good idea so I can't
defend it as being clever politically
but he's certainly building the case the
president is
for getting rid of Jeff sessions for you
know bad judgment or whatever so it
looks like it's just part of building
his case before getting rid of Jeff
Sessions now so other people are saying
it wasn't a good idea
I think this falls into the category of
things that are not a good idea but
won't hurt him as much as you think it
will get people jabbering again bla bla
bla but it's just not that important
it's the president talking and not
acting and he can talk all he wants
he still has freedom of speech he might
be the last one he might be the only one
who still has freedom of speech in a
weird way because he's not being shadow
banned
so yeah let's agree it wasn't a good
idea but I don't agree that it will hurt
him it would just be his same old
critics saying the same old stuff
speculating that he speculated that he
was problematic and they're speculating
it broke the law speculating that he was
being sort of a dictator and he's moving
than us in that direction it's all the
same stuff they always say but I don't
think it's gonna make any difference
um some people saying he is being shanab
and maybe could be could be is Trump
just distracting the media I don't know
what he would be extra distracting him
from with the Jeff Sessions stuff but
he's clearly building a case against
sessions or he's trying to force you
know the idea would be to force sessions
to resign right so it might be just part
of that he might just be forcing
sessions to resign at which voice at
which point people are gonna say hey you
can't fire hit Jeff Sessions and then
people will say fire him he resigned and
then people will say bad to you
force them to resign and then people
will say it's not illegal to have an
opinion it's not illegal to tweet he
just did it the fact that Jeff Sessions
didn't like it and then he quit well
that's because he knew the actual
accurate opinion of the president and
the population of the country in the
world also knew the accurate opinion of
the president how mad can you get to
basic of analysis I'm not trying to
touch every every element of the
analysis we're just talking about firing
Jeff sessions here if you can get
sessions to resign by embarrassing him
enough it's a better situation than
firing him because he can always say
well if somebody quit because they knew
my opinion well why wouldn't my
employees know my opinion and why can't
the people who hired me the public
that's who hired the president why can't
they know my opinion so it would be a
good place to be if you really want to
get rid of Jeff Sessions if that's the
president's opinion the ultimate way to
do it would be to force him to quit just
by embarrassing him out the door it
wouldn't be it wouldn't be pretty and it
wouldn't stop people from squawking well
they would get him where he wants to go
the ugly way and maybe that's maybe
that's the plan who knows somebody says
the sessions have no honor his boss is
insulting him well my guess is that
sessions doesn't want to stay at this
point if you're Jeff Sessions it
probably only matters if you have
another job opportunity because you do
you do have to worry about working so it
might be that he just needs another you
know he just needs the job so that it
could come down to that
don't leave the grand jury and of your
analysis well I think everybody knows
that the president has other interests
legally and that he'd like Jeff Sessions
to squash them so I think everybody
understands that part do you think the
deep state has dirt on sessions hmm and
I don't see any evidence of that I was
thinking I was thinking the other day
about the idea that Putin has dirt on
Trump so we've been told that as if as
if it's a simple statement that either
Putin does or does not have dirt on
Trump and that if he does that gives him
leverage over Trump so that's the
framework we've been handed but I have
to wonder what is it like when you
blackmail somebody who has nuclear
weapons and in the CIA and a long
history of getting revenge against
people who deserve it if your food let's
say you are a Putin and let's say you do
have something against the President and
it might not even be a real thing
because well here's the second part let
me ask you the question does Putin have
blackmail material about Trump let me
give you the definitive answer to that
with no doubt whatsoever yes or he can
invent it and the public will treat it
the same do you get do you get why
that's important the answer is that
Putin either does have dirt or it
doesn't really matter if he has it he
can make it up we already know that the
public will believe it all you have to
do is say
you know that one time when somebody
from the Trump administration was
talking to one of my oligarchs yeah they
really did collude that time my oligarch
told me he was working for me
total collusion there so it doesn't
matter that that Putin has blackmail
material because he can make it up and
it will be just as just as compelling so
for all practical purposes he does he
has something as good as blackmail
material or he has blackmail material
now if this were not President Trump and
it was another leader would it be
different you don't think Putin has
blackmail material on Obama and if he
doesn't you don't think he can make some
up of course he could so where I'm going
is I'm not sure that this whole
blackmail compromise thing comprar matte
idea is exactly what we think it is when
you're talking about two leaders of
major countries let's just game this out
let's say that Putin decided to release
this compromising information it's the
end of Putin that's pretty much
guaranteed isn't it because you know the
United States has all kinds of plans for
screwing Putin to the wall should we
need to
in other words Putin has mutually
assured destruction if you were to
release either real or unreal
yeah allegations of shenanigans
so if Putin has something on the
President or he decided to make up
something and act as if it were true in
both cases he would be initiating
mutually assured destruction not of
Russia because I don't think we would go
to war with the the nation of Russia
but we'd take Putin now don't you think
let me ask you that question do you
think there's any chance if poo
took the president out or even if we
were pretty sure that Putin was behind
whatever comprar marked or information
we'd probably know I was I would think
that Putin's biggest problem is that
something comes out by either an
allegation or something true and it
looks like Putin might have been behind
it
Putin's biggest risk to Putin is there
somebody else leaked something were
makes an allegation about the president
and it gets blamed on Putin that's a
problem because we've I'm pretty sure we
haven't gone after Putin under this
administration you know we haven't gone
after him personally but we could and if
if Russia intentionally took out our
president through some blackmail II type
of thing intentionally I think we'd have
to take out Putin you know we'd do it
you know probably in covert ways but
we'd have to take him out that's my
opinion so just as a citizen I'm not
talking about as a politician not as a
intelligence officer I think we would
have to respond in whatever the maximum
mutually assured destruction is but
don't you think Putin knows that you
know don't you think Putin knows that's
the end of Putin so my point is that if
you're if you're wondering if Russia has
some kind of compromising thing on on
Trump it probably matters a whole lot
lesson do you think because if he did he
sure as hell wouldn't want to release it
and if he didn't and he did want to
release it he could make something up
and it would be just as compelling as if
it were real
we should put Putin out regardless he's
a world menace somebody says I'm a
little bit undecided on Putin I have to
say because the world menacing things he
does seem to be pretty pretty central to
Russian interests in other words the
things he does seem to be very directly
related to immediate needs of Russia you
know making sure that they have access
to warm water ports in the case of
taking over some of their neighbors
their russian-speaking and it's very
popular in this country
yeah the Ukrainians stuff you knows
where it would where it gets dicey but
they are not indications that he would
want to take over Norway you know
Adams is compromised by Russia
somebody says in all caps so I was
reading up the other day and I was
reading up the other day on what's the
difference between socialism Marxism
communism social democratic socialist
and all of those things and and it's
confusing yeah I guess it just depends
who owns the the means of production or
at least that's part of it and I was
wondering if we're all going to be
socialists eventually because of robots
here's a little futurism for you I think
we'll all be socialists eventually
because of robots but robots have to get
to the following point robots have to
get to the point that robots can make
other robots so as soon as robots can
build more robots and no humans need to
be involved yeah and they can do the in
our supply chain the robots can mine
mine the or and turn it into the
materials and so all the materials
arrive and the robots turned into robots
and they programmed themselves because
once once the robots can do everything
for us then labour won't really be a
thing so there won't be this difference
between capitalists and laborers that
would just be capitalists who if they
were to use their robots just for their
own needs and didn't use any employees
the poor people would all starve to
death so we'll never get to a point
where the capitalists are the only ones
that own robots because then there'd
just be too many regular people without
money and without food and they would
just kill the few people who were owned
the robots far more likely will realize
that everybody can have everything if we
just build enough robots so the rich
people are gonna say well how about I'll
just let my robots loose and they'll
just build more robots for anybody who
needs them and then you just call a
robot like you call uber you know you'd
be like I need a sandwich and some robot
shows up with a sandwich so we might get
to the point where there is no labor and
there is no capitalist because it's just
robots who are not owned by anybody who
owns a robot if it's made by another
robot well under our current system it's
whoever owns the original robot I think
would own the second robot wait is that
even true I suppose it depends where the
parts came from it gets complicated
right so I think robots once robots can
make other robots we will rapidly reach
a point where people don't own robots
the robots are an independent entity
will still probably need programmers to
put some control on them but I think
socialism is guaranteed
kiss of Technology all right what was my
other topic that was it
I didn't talk about Cavanaugh because
it's too early and it's too boring
Cavanaugh I don't know that you know the
left needs to make a lot of noise about
it the right needs to try to get them
through it's a it's a weird national
news story because it's so uninteresting
Scott you are destroying your analysis
credibility on which point probably all
of them by the way when those who say
I'm destroying my analysis of
credibility you should remember that
people have been saying this about me
since I started talking in public so
it's the most common the most common the
most common complaint is that this time
this time I got it all wrong you've
jumped the shark at this time you've
gone too far this time
I liked all those other things you said
but now you've gone too far you
obviously haven't watched the hearing it
now I know that there's a big protest
and they had to shut it down etc and
I'll watch a little of it today but I
just there's something about the story
innately where you'd know exactly what's
going to happen you know what kind of
questions are gonna ask you know what
what the news coverage will be it feels
predictable in some some way that isn't
fun to me Oh was it the socialism part
that somebody said was going too far
well we'll see
all right I think that's all I have and
I'm gonna go do some work and I will
talk to you later