bum bum bum bum bum ba ba ba ba ba hey
everybody
Tyler Morgan Sharona good to see you
Jeremy Mike and Shelton and and Shawn
and Angela it's about time you got here
I'm glad you were ready finger at the
ready waiting for coffee with Scott
Adams this is the time this is the lucky
time wake up everybody
I'll use sleepy heads or taking the rest
of the week up off
it's time to raise your mug you're Stein
you glass your tankard your chalice fill
it with your favorite liquid I like
coffee and join me for the simultaneous
sip
ah so it's not really a very newsy day
all the big newsmakers are taking the
day off
CNN is flogging yet another story of an
unfortunate instance where a child died
in I guess in border custody again that
story you probably should ignore because
the point of such stories is not really
to talk about the individual it's to
make you think something big about the
policy is and the evil of borders and
all that so while it's a tragedy
it should not be informing us on our
political opinions now here's an
interesting thing that happened and I'm
not sure why I'm not seeing this in the
major media but in a non major media
source and I'd like to see if like to
see if you could factor in on this is it
true that the president has signed some
kind of a deal I guess with Mexico in
which when we grab people who were
trying to cross the border illegally
we used to release them into the United
States but now I think the deal is we're
going to release them back into Mexico
while they're waiting for their
paperwork to be processed yeah can
somebody confirm that that was real all
right so some people are saying yes
let's assume that's real now think this
through with me if those people were
allowed to stay in the United States
there are hundreds of thousands of them
Arthur isn't it a tremendous number of
people every year and if you have a
tremendous number of people who were in
the country illegally isn't the whole
idea that they cost money they cost more
than they add and that's the argument
from the people who would like a wall
right that the people coming in are
subtracting more than they're adding and
now that subtracting has moved from our
side of the border to Mexicans the
Mexican side of the border isn't that
really expensive because Mexico
apparently has agreed to give them some
social services now what would that cost
yeah so somebody's a little bit ahead of
me
it looks like Mexico's paying for the
wall doesn't it because I don't know
what that cost to house and give medical
care and whatever else they need to give
to hundreds of thousands of people that
we capture and release back into Mexico
but seems like that's pretty expensive
so maybe they'll indirectly pay for the
wall here's another thing that I was
wondering so part of the reason with
Mexico controlling the border on their
side is that Mexico the government
apparently doesn't really control their
border the cartels do so there is for
all practical purposes you know a big
chunk of Mexico is just owned by the
cartels and they're the ones who charge
the families five thousand dollars or
whatever it is these days to come across
the border yes I think there are several
cartels they each own little parts of
the border but I wonder if we've ever
even floated the idea of paying the
cartel to guard the border yeah I'm sure
we can't do that for all kinds of
ethical reasons but if we said to the
cartel here's the deal you're going to
start with a billion dollars a year and
then we'll subtract five thousand
dollars for every person who comes
across illegally and then at the end of
the year we'll pay you I know there are
all kinds of problems there are all
kinds of problems with that idea but the
point is it would actually be cheaper I
think
to pay the cartels to prevent people
from coming into the United States now
are they trustworthy well we know how
many people are coming in so we could
just monitor the number of people come
in and say uh looks like you didn't you
didn't meet your quota this month so we
pay you nothing there are a hundred
reasons that's a bad idea you don't have
to give them give them all to me now the
President did tweet I think it was
yesterday that he would be willing to
call it a a slat Matt what do you say a
fence or a wall I'm looking for that
tweet but I can't find it so yeah let's
call it a fence wall or a wall fence no
apparently my my name Wentz is not
catching on with anybody so it's not as
sticky which is no big surprise of
course but suppose we call it a a fence
wall fence - wall if we call it a fence
wall then everybody gets what they want
once was too complicated for people but
if we call it a fence - wall
then I think all we need to do is get
that funding and go forth because who's
going to turn down a fence okay so I
understand that the Democrats are
prepping to introduce full socialism
some bills and of the house now there
aren't enough people to get any of those
laws passed but it will be interesting
and I ask you again
what would prevent let's say one state
from being socialist suppose we said
some people are saying there's allowed
might come and other people are saying
there is not so as long as there are
some people who are saying that it is
not I'm gonna assume that there is not
what would stop let's say Rhode Island
or Vermont
if Rhode Island or Vermont if they if
they're not willing to try socialism you
know why not why not let them try
socialism for a little while see how it
goes all right I'm gonna sign off
because too many people are having
trouble with the sound or they're just
pranking me I can't tell but in any case
it's no fun because all I'm getting is
complaints so I'm gonna sign off and
I'll talk to you later