[Music]
hey everybody come on in come on gather
round it's time for the best part of the
day it's time for coffee with Scott
Adams that's me and if you're prepared I
know you are you might have something
that you need whether it's a cup or a
mug or glasses stein a chalice a tankard
could be a thermos of plastic a canteen
a vessel of any kind fill it with your
favorite liquid I got my coffee right
here and join me for the unparalleled
pleasure the dopamine hit of the day the
thing that makes everything better
the simultaneous mmm good stuff well
well well well
so here's my favorite thing of the day
you know David hog for being famous for
I guess was the parkland shooting and he
tweeted and I had to respond they they
just had to tell you what he tweeted and
what I responded now I have to tell you
before I read his tweet and my response
this response I stole from someone else
on Twitter and the first time I saw it I
thought oh my god I gotta use that one
of these days I'm gonna use that and
then I finally got a point perfect setup
to use it so here's the setup
so David hog who is 1819 going off to
Harvard he said that I quote it's so
ironic how many politicians ancestors
came here through open borders stole
land and killed indigenous people and
now call people that came to the United
States the same way illegal and I
responded in my tweet to david hog and i
said how did open borders work out for
the end
people I'll just let that hang there for
a minute since I can't hear your
laughter but I know you're laughing and
the funny part is that everything's
funny about this first of all I teach
you all the time that analogies are
terrible for arguing but sometimes
sometimes the analogies go so wrong
that they can't get much funnier than
this because if you're making reference
to the indigenous people in the United
States
you're kind of have to explain how they
lost their entire country were you know
we're destroyed by smallpox rounded up
and put on reservations I kind of think
that wouldn't have happened if they that
border security and I'm not trying to
make fun of anybody I mean I'm not
trying to I'm certainly not trying to
minimize the experience of the Native
Americans which was plenty bad I'm just
saying that if you don't understand that
the entire Native American experience
was because of open borders maybe you
shouldn't be having conversations with
the adults that's all I'm saying all
right you want to talk about the
Democrat debate I watched some of it so
you didn't have to if you tried to watch
that thing it was sort of like trying to
chew on dried concrete you know the
concrete that comes right out of the bag
you know before you've added the water
just put it in your mouth ago I can't
digest that you death I can't even
swallow it I can't even chew it it's
getting hard in my mouth I hate this I
hate this make it stop
so that's how I felt trying to watch
some of the Democrat debate so I didn't
watch every minute but I'll give you my
I'll give you my impressions number one
as I tweeted last night the debate was
of a black hole for charisma nobody on
the stage had charisma no that's odd
because we everything we heard about
Beto for example was his charisma and I
know Buddha jeggi has charisma but he
certainly put that on hold and it feels
like Bernie should have some charisma
and Elizabeth Warren should have some
but nobody nobody really stood out they
all just sort of blended into this big
loser category so they didn't look like
the winning side and so my my impression
is that there is not a president in that
group and probably not a nominee either
but some further impressions the thing
that was most interesting is that the
Democrats in the group who are sort of
moderate even they think that Democrats
are nuts with their big plans
so persuasion wise if you're trying to
persuade somebody to vote a different
way people are pretty locked into I'm a
Democrat and you're a Republican and so
we're gonna vote the way our team says
we should vote so most people and when I
say most 95% 97% are just going to vote
their team but one of the things that's
interesting is the team is split so if
you're a Democrat you watch that debate
and you saw somebody like Tim Ryan who
looked a lot like Republican to me and
you saw was a Dulaney who looked sort of
Republican to name so the the people up
there who were arguing for plans that
could actually work look like the ones
who can't get elected but it does split
your decision about what a Democrat is
so there's gonna be an identity crisis
on the Left people are gonna say well I
thought I was a Democrat but I'm
certainly not with any of these ideas
these are kind of crazy so I think the
identity of the Democrats is in crisis
right now and since people only vote for
their team what happens when the team
splits in two if the team splits into a
lot of Democrats aren't going to have
anybody to vote for because whoever gets
nominated there's something like half of
the Democrats are going to say well I
don't even recognize that kind of
Democrat whichever way it goes so
working on the Democrats identity might
be a persuasion path that could be
fruitful and imagine if you saw a clip a
fast clip of Democrats criticizing
Democratic policies because I think you
could could you could come up with a lot
of them couldn't you and if I were a
Democrat and I saw a clip of other
Democrats criticizing whoever becomes
the nominee and I think you could
probably put that together pretty easily
I would say to myself wait a minute I am
a Democrat
and all these Democrats are saying this
is nominees got bad ideas so that would
I think that would be persuasive all
right and let's talk about Bernie Bernie
looked like he was gonna have a stroke
didn't he
because in my imagination or when when
Bernie talks it seems like he gets so
worked up and his face gets red and he's
like spitting with enthusiasm and you
add that to his age and sort of his
overall look and he looks like him yeah
he looks like get off my lawn guy and he
looks like he's actually going to have
some kind of a cardiac situation and he
doesn't look sane and healthy so I don't
think he has a chance so I would say
it's a safe bet that Sanders will not be
the nominee I think I could say that was
some confidence let's talk about some
others as I said Tim Ryan just looked
like a Republican but I kind of kind of
looked at what liked how he looked I
mean he came off well except he's
you know a certain kind of demographic
which might not go over well he's a
straight white male and I don't think
the Democrats are going to go for that
this time all right Elizabeth Warren is
it my imagination or did Elizabeth
Warren have a frozen face did it look
like her face could move now I'm
guessing Botox I'm guessing that some of
the eyebrows situation makes it look
like her eyes are permanently open
because just the way her eyebrows are
shaped so she has sort of permanently
eye open eye brows but also no wrinkles
on her forehead
it looks like Oh was Warren and the
things I'm saying would indicate that I
am putting great emotional investment
into what I was saying but yet the
emotional investment doesn't seem to
register on my face why is it that the
things I'm saying are so emotional but
my face is always looking the same
what's happening you know my guess is
that the public is going to read that as
disingenuous or a little bit of the
uncanny valley the uncanny valley is
that theory that if you if you were to
build a robot or an Android for example
and it didn't look exactly like a person
but it looked almost like a person you
would find it revolting and disturbing
but if it looked totally like a metal
robot you'd say oh that's cute
that's a cute robot so the uncanny
valley is the idea that the closer you
get to looking like a human being but if
you don't quite get there and you're
just sort of looking like an actual
human it's frightening and disturbing
that's why zombies are so scary because
they sort of look like people but not
quite and that a little bit of
difference is what makes them
frightening
Elizabeth Warren has that frozen face
thing that makes the emotion of her
statements not match up with her face
and it probably at some level is
disturbing to people but who knows how
much difference that will make she also
had some of the worst persuasion you'll
ever see in your life now first of all
she's sort of lawyerly and in my wildest
dreams I can't imagine a lawyer or
somebody who has that lawyer vibe losing
to trump here's a statement that
Elizabeth Warren said it looked for the
bad persuasion in this she said quote I
get it
there's a lot of stake and people are
scared she said but we can't choose the
candidate we don't believe him just
because we're too scared to do anything
else
you know what's wrong with that
persuasion why's everything everything
do you can you think of any time that
President Trump or candidate Trump every
use the word scared think about it
think about all the times you've heard
president Trump talk has he ever said
the word scared nope this is one of the
little things that you notice yeah once
it's pointed out you notice that he is
so on point with his persuasion and
other people were not good at it they're
missing really basic stuff if you're a
candidate and you're saying blah blah
blah scared blah blah blah frightened
blah blah blah scared what did you just
tell people you told them to feel afraid
you told them to feel scared what do you
people hear if you say don't be scared
here's what they hear scared
the scared is always bigger this is a
basic persuasion rule that's a hypnosis
rule
brains do not register words like not as
much as we register words like scared so
if you say don't be scared
you're pretty much telling people to be
scared you just don't know it because
they're picking up scared it has a lot
of association with other things that
have scared them in the past it brings
all of those past feelings that means
scared to the to the front you invest in
that word scared all of your past
experiences and then you're saying oh
but he said don't be that doesn't work
the don't be is completely ineffective
the word carried the content all the
content comes with the word
so when you see Warren say stuff like I
get it there's a lot at stake and people
are scared do you want to do you want to
elect the frightening candidate is the
candidate who tells you to be scared the
one you want to lead you is that leader
quality telling people to be scared no
leader quality is exactly the opposite
leader quality is Winston Churchill and
people you know will fight on the
beaches will fight in the air there's
nothing to fear but fear itself is also
bad because it was feared there but the
point of it is to to ignore your fear so
that was the least a stronger statement
even though he had the word fear in
there too this is unbelievably weak
persuasion and it's also very lawyerly
good if you almost have to diagram the
sentence to figure out what she meant
because if you throw it or not and the
don't be brains just sort of like oh
wait you said not that but don't be but
only okay that's too many instructions
in the sentence listen to the sentence
again and see how complicated it is even
though it's a simple thought there's a
lot at stake and people are scared you
said but we can't choose a candidate we
don't believe in just because we're too
scared to do anything else do you see
how complicated those sentences
because it says but we can't choose
that's a negative we can't do this
choose a candidate we don't believe
don't as negative so we can't do the
don't just because we're too scared to
do anything else
unbelievably complicated sentence like
insanely complicated Trump would never
say a sentence like that you know what
he'd say we're gonna win make America
great again
build a wall you can't compare these
people in terms of their persuasive
leadership qualities they're you know
one is a ten and this is layer two these
are not even in the same field of
competition in terms of their rhetorical
powers alright let's talk about somebody
else
Buda JG is such an interesting character
and I'm trying to figure out why he's
not more popular and I'm not saying that
because I think he ought to be I'm
saying it because I to look at boo to
judge and I say okay there's a lot of
good stuff here
smart successful military background
he's got a track record you know at
least of bigger mayor and I'm thinking
that's pretty strong candidate but why
don't I like him more what it what is it
that's putting a cap on how much people
are willing to invest in Budaj edge I
don't think it's pretty sure it's not
the gay thing I deal with you know the
conservative Republican part of the
world 85% of the time because of this
kind of conversation I don't think I've
ever I have not heard one conservative
or I don't think I've even heard one
person speak out against him because
he's gay have you I mean maybe somebody
did it you know in dark humor or
something but just think about that just
think about that 2019 and we finally got
to the point where there's a legitimate
candidate for president who's an you
know a married gay man and nobody cares
nobody absolute
nobody cares it's sort of a lesson for
things you think we're gonna ruin the
world you know did you ever think oh my
god you know I never thought this but
I'm sure some of you thought this if gay
people can get married what's the world
gonna come to well the world comes to
this a gay candidate for president who
everybody says yeah he looks pretty good
let's hear his policies I mean if you
think about it it's like one of the most
positive things in the country but
because it's now normalized you know you
don't think about the the contrast of
how only a few years ago this would have
been a big deal and now it's literally
not interesting which is the best thing
that could possibly be the fact that his
sexual orientation is literally
uninteresting is exactly where you want
to be so yes some people are saying in
the comments that he's too smug that
wasn't the word I was going to use but I
see where you're going and I think
you're heading in the right direction on
that and maybe that is the right word
I'm not gonna I just wasn't going to use
it myself the I almost wonder if he's
too smart because I don't think he's
relatable and it's not because he's gay
I think it's because he's too smart it
makes it a little less relatable a
little too intellectual I'm a little bit
too much like the good student who asks
if if the teacher forgot to assign
homework and even though I like just
about everything about him you know as a
candidate that as a person he looks like
a pretty good person somebody's calling
him a liar but just means he's in
politics he comes to clog process of
maybe a little too too small I think
that's that could be a factor at least
from the male candidates we'll see
please from the male candidates we'll
see let's talk about Mary Ann Williams I
didn't see all
you know the commentary after the fact
she's interesting
because she's she's different and let's
admit that Republicans are pushing her
because they want to see mourning for
her as she's so non serious it just sort
of you know invested up the Republican
brand a little bit to keep her in there
so don't be surprised if she's the most
popular Democrat candidate among
Republicans because they just want to
see the game play in a certain way but
she's not a threat to win the nomination
so she has no chance so I can't get too
interested in her Beto is an interesting
story
he is the emptiest suit there is nothing
that Beto says that Cena feels like he
has any meat on it it just feels like
there's a suit up there and the suit is
talking and I don't know if anybody else
is having that experience but there is
so little substance coming through and I
don't know maybe in his mind he has
plenty of substance but the way he
presents it yeah it just comes off as
being unserious and sort of goofy
Klobuchar is such an interesting
situation because if you were to ask me
or anybody else you know why don't you
like club a jar I don't know if anybody
would be able to give you a reason you
know you could come up with reasons why
you don't like most of the candidates
you could say well I don't like birdie
cuz you know his numbers don't add up or
I don't like Hickenlooper because he
doesn't have charisma or whatever it is
and you know you could come up with
reasons but I don't know what would be a
reason for not liking Klobuchar and
maybe she's not radical enough but I
hate to say this but I think she's not
tell again ik and I'm not saying not
attractive I'm gonna make a very clear
distinction here because most
politicians are not attractive right I'm
not saying that II Democrat or any
Republican male or female
they're not terribly attractive you know
Bernie Sanders not terribly attractive
right so it's not about being a woman
it's not about her in particular but on
the top on top of the fact that
politicians especially after a certain
age or not you know they're not sex
symbols on top of that she's not tell
again ik which is on top of whatever you
look like you could have an unusual look
and the camera could still love you you
know because there's something
interesting about you but there's
something about her that just doesn't
fit right
she just doesn't come across while on
camera in general I would say it was a
losing group nobody landed a real punch
there were no real moments you know the
network's trying to in the news trying
to tell us there was some some moments
when Warren slapped down Delaney but
they were really just rhetorical moments
not really important so the New York
Times tallied the minutes that each were
given so this appeared on CNN the debate
did and Warren had 18 minutes over 18
minutes Sanders was just behind her so
Ward and Sanders got a lot of time and
compare that to Williamson who had less
than nine minutes and Hickenlooper less
than nine minutes now on one hand I say
to myself well it makes perfect sense
you should give the people who are
polling the best the most time because
those are ones the viewers want to see
they're the ones who matter you know the
ones that were the lowest polling people
really nobody thinks they're gonna get
the nomination but on the other hand
isn't CNN locking in the frontrunner
isn't the effect of that to guarantee
that the people who were polling poorly
stay there and so I asked myself is this
another case of the media picking the
candidate because it looks like it it
looks like the media
picking the candidate and they're
deciding who the public's gonna see a
lot of and that more than anything will
decide who you think is viable if CNN
tells you that word and Sanders are
viable by giving them a lot of time well
then I think the public's could say oh I
guess there's the viable ones I'll put
my support there so it's a tough it's a
tough one though you can't really
criticize see you then
because there is a legitimate public
interest in the frontrunner and I can't
say it's wrong to give them more
attention you certainly you know if it
were the other way around and your
favorite candidate were in charge or was
ahead in the polls that's what you'd
want but it does have the effect of
being very influential on the outcome I
think I had I don't know if I saw this
when it first happened but several weeks
ago the Wall Street Journal wrote an
opinion piece strongly debunking the
fine people hoax did you see that I
tweeted it around today I don't know if
I had seen it the first time but I was
credited as being one of the main
architects of called calling out the
hoax and I thought that's a good one
because that's a nice permanent record
even though it's an opinion piece The
Wall Street Journal isn't going to let
an opinion piece into their pages unless
they fact-checked the basics which means
the Wall Street Journal editorial
fact-checked that opinion piece and said
yes it is a hoax that the fine people or
at least you know it's it's a valid
opinion that the fine people thing is
honks so that was fun let's see what
else
oh then a little bit more about the
debates so Donna Levin says
what do you say I got the actual quote
here I wanted to give you Don lemons
actual oh so dog lemon actually asked
this question he said what do you say to
those Trump voters who prioritized the
economy over the president's bigotry
that was an actual question asked by Don
Lemon on CNN at the Democrat debate he
actually basically presented as a fact
the president's bigotry now I have to
wonder what the CNN co-anchors and the
other people there Jake Tapper etc I
have to wonder what they thought about
that because I feel like they must have
been embarrassed now maybe they're just
used to him and everybody knows Don
Lemon is an opinion a guy and so you
know maybe it's just you know just
washes past but if I worked for CNN and
I saw my coworker go on TV and stated as
a fact that the president is a bigot I'd
be pretty embarrassed by that because
that's simply not the way to handle an
interview even if you agreed with it you
could totally agree with it as being
true and it's still so amazingly
unprofessional for a news organization
presenting a debate now had Don Lemon
said something like many people might
ask you what do you do about you know
their feelings that he is the bigot if
he had said there's a there's an opinion
out there what what do you say to that
opinion I would have said that's fair
more than fair totally legitimate but to
state it in the question as if it's a
given is so amazingly unprofessional I
would think that people were embarrassed
to watch that if they worked for CNN but
I don't know maybe none could be
surprised
and so I'm starting to wonder if the
Democrats have become the party of
hallucinations here are some examples of
hallucinations number one that they have
a way to pay for Medicare for all even
Democrats you saw their southern debate
stage tool Amy Ryan even Democrats say
that's an illusion the green new deal
and and all of that and climate change
being irreversible in 12 years is that
real because it feels like a
hallucination even if you believe that
climate change is real and a real
problem
I feel like still they've turned
whatever you know base facts there are
into some larger hallucination about the
end of the world of course it was the
Russia collusion hoax
there's the fine people hoax that they
believe there's the President Trump not
only will become a dictator but it's
already happened he's already a dictator
he's moving toward Hitler status they
believe that they also believed Trump
could never win the election they
believe that the economy will would go
to heck how many things do Democrats
believe that are literally
hallucinations or ridiculous I mean
there's some things that you say well
that's a different priority so what
Democrats say everybody should have
health care that's not a hallucination
that's that's a philosophical priority
kind of difference that might be
different from you by the way I agree
everybody should have health care
I just think capitalism is probably the
way to get there so I'm not I'm not
mocking them for their opinions I'm
mocking them for the actual
hallucinations because it's easy to
document that the Russia collusion thing
was the hallucination the fine people
hoax was a hallucination the green new
deal in terms of being practical is a
hallucination
by the way Bernie as much as admitted
that there
their plans are not real did you hear
Bernie say to one of the other
candidates he was responding to a
comment he said something like if we
want to win we've got to have big plans
you know we're not going to get there
with small ideas we have to have big
ideas and he gave the example of and if
we want to get young people we want to
have the college debt relief and free
college and he said that's the way to be
Trump and I thought to myself wait am i
hearing this right
is Bernie saying that the reason for
those proposals is to be Trump because
the way he said it strongly suggested
that he doesn't believe these are real
ideas I mean that's how it came across
it came across as him saying in public
these quote big ideas are not practical
but you have to say them to win I think
he said that fairly directly in public
to the other candidates that you need to
come up with these big and practical
ideas to capture people's attention and
maybe a free giveaway to the young will
get them to show up and that's how we
beat Trump do you want to elect the
person whose policies are based on who
gets more votes because that's what he
said he said he would come up with stuff
you that isn't practical to get more
votes now I get that everybody does that
but I've never seen anybody say it in
public have you have you ever seen a
major candidate for office say yeah yeah
we have to say these crazy things
because that's how you get elected it's
true but I don't know if you should say
it out loud that was kind of surprising
Trevor Noah was critical of the Democrat
debate in a very funny way which I agree
with he said that I quote Trevor Noah
said it's a mess that Donald Trump has
successfully started to create Noah
continued because you realize he started
painting the Democrats as the party of
open borders and now there's struggle
to convey their compassion for asylum
seekers with that was sounding like they
want to give visas to Isis yes Trevor
Noah that is exactly what's happening
for the president Branson as the open
border party and it looks like they just
are Pro Isis now the the dumbest thing
that the Democrats are doing on this
topic is they're trying to break they're
trying to make a distinction between a
felony and a misdemeanor and the word
decriminalize and they're trying to say
they we should decriminalize border
crossings while still keeping it illegal
to cross the border because
decriminalizing it and making it a
misdemeanor would take away from
President Trump his ability to confine
people I think because you don't put
people in confinement or because of the
misdemeanor yeah we're separating kids
children from parents you can't do that
if it's a misdemeanor and here's the
thing I kind of sort of follow the
argument how much of the United States
let me ask you this what percentage of
the voting public can make the
distinction between something that's
decriminalized as something that's still
illegal but it's a misdemeanor nobody
probably yeah somebody say eight percent
that's about right probably eight
percent of the voting public Jordi
probably eight percent of the you know
just I'm just guessing right something
like less than ten percent of the public
will even understand that argument can
you ever imagine President Trump saying
something so unclear and wonky imagine
President Trump saying well what we want
to do is decriminalize but when I say
decriminalize I don't mean that it's
legal that's not open that I'm not
saying open borders I'm saying
decriminalize it because you want to
take it as not a felony you want to move
it by decriminalizing what that means is
it's not legal what that means is it's a
misdemeanor now if it's a misdemeanor
there's a different set of laws and
requirements which would go into effect
from the Border Patrol and then the
Border Patrol you
new sets of rules were not to detain
people and then what and then what
there's a missing part right what
happens isn't it isn't the whole point
the whole point is what happens you make
a policy and you say if we do this
policy this is what happens they always
leave out what happens the small part of
what happens although it's you know
obviously major to the individuals is
that they won't be treated as harshly as
they are under current law so that's one
thing that happens and that's what they
talk about but isn't the topic border
the topic is the border what would
happen if you decriminalize it would it
not lead to millions of people walking
north maybe you know if you think it
wouldn't
then maybe you should say that and say
why but if you don't you know at least
give us your assumption of what would
happen under this scenario but the point
is I don't believe the president could
ever lose an election to a lawyer he
beat Hillary Clinton
you could argue she hasn't been a lawyer
in a long time but Warren talks like a
lawyer and I just don't see frozen face
uncanny valley lawyer talk taking it all
the way I just don't see her making it
over the finish line
several people pointed out about the
Democrat debate that I forget who said
this but after years of all this
coverage about Russia collusion it came
up 0 times in the debate so the
Democrats you know the leading or at
least half of the leading group of
Democrats talked for how many hours and
nobody mentioned the biggest story of
the last three years Russia collusion
why because it's a loser
it's a super loser
that's why I see simply prompting me
there that Trump has tweeted something
and if he's tweeted about the I'm sure
heated about the debate let me open that
up and see what see what the boss is
saying all right here are some of trumps
brand-new tweets this is a quote from
Senator John Kennedy of Louisiana he
said he says quote and the president
tweets us the lesser of two socialists
is still a socialist it's not a great
quote the lesser of two socialists is
still a socialist now I'm not I'm not a
fan of branding people socialists and
just saying well we're done there are
socialists that's bad because that's
completely illegitimate there are people
who have some policies that would be
similar to our socialists would say but
there are miles away from being actual
socialists so in terms of accuracy it's
completely illegitimate to say that all
socialist insane completely illegitimate
but as a quote it as a political thing
to say it's really good it works
politically it just isn't accurate
here's the president saying 19 minutes
ago so the president says if I hadn't
won the 2016 election we would be in a
Great Recession depression right now the
people I saw on stage last night and you
can add in sleepy Joe Harris and the
rest will lead us into an economic
sinkhole the likes of which we have
never seen before with me only up now
what I love about this the only reason I
read it is his use of the word sinkhole
the president uses visual language when
he says sinkhole you see it right don't
you actually see a sinkhole when he says
that they're leaving the economy into a
sinkhole you immediately imagine it
although all the economy is going into
this hole in the ground now compare
compare compare the president's tweet
just here's the clarity I met I'll to
read it next to so the second part of
his tweet is blow blood that all the
candidates the Democrats will lead us
into an economic sinkhole the likes of
which you have never seen before
with me only up how clear is that right
they will lead you into an economic
sinkhole with me it's only up theirs
contrast there's visual and it's simple
perfect that's a plus and then I'll
really get in that warren quote i get it
there was a lot of steak and people are
scared she said but we can't choose a
candidate we don't believe in just
because we're too scared to do anything
else oh my god the difference between
those two in their persuasive talents
the best night and day that's as far as
you can get between good and bad and
then he won some kind of case they got
thrown at a court I guess I don't know
anything about that it's probably one of
hundreds of lawsuits I'm not sure it's
too important I haven't seen the great
hack on Netflix yet I guess that's
something I should see oh yeah somebody
saying that in the debate last night
there was not one word about Baltimore
oh yeah there's a story about California
past some kind of law I guess that said
that the president can't be that he
can't be on the ballot unless he's
released his tax returns
I guess the law is general saying that
nobody can be on the ballot less they've
released their tax returns but it's
really targeted at the president I don't
think there's a chance that that will
pass constitutional muster
but it just does show you how far we
both yeah somebody's talking about one
in the comments here this has nothing to
do with anything but to my point about
how people don't see the word don't if
you're using your credit card in one of
those point-of-sale machines and you
stick to your credit card and it says
don't remove your credit card I can't
tell you how many times I've tried to
remove my credit card when I read the
words don't remove credit card because
you know what I say
remove credit card and I have to like
use my my actual you know brain power to
say ah not okay God and I've asked
cashiers how many times if people read
do not remove credit card and then
remove credit card wall no Iranian and
the cashiers will always say all the
time and in this amazingly bad design
you should say leave Khartoum and that
it should say take card out as somebody
is saying in the comments yes that is
exactly what it should say
Cummings robot Joe Rogan's I don't know
about that
all right that's enough about fixing the
world apparently there's a there's an
article in The New York Times about me
in the Washington Post about me about my
interface by when hub app which by the
way let me give you a little update
admit anybody wanted an update on my
recent and controversy you know I think
it was sort of a clinic on have a handle
controversy now you could say I did it
wrong or I did it right but it's still a
clinic it's sort of that I you know you
can make your own judgments about what
worked and what didn't but I'll just
tell you the basics so the basics was
that I sent out a tweet about my my
company's my startups app called an
interface and I did it during the time
or just right after immediately after
the shooting in Gilroy and people said
oh my god how can you promote an apple
during a during a disaster to which a
lot of did a lot of people get angry now
so the question is how to handle that as
my friend recently said bad PR day for
you Scott now here's the thing people
make mistakes people tweet things they
wish they hadn't tweeted it's the most
normal thing in the world should I crawl
in a hole and die in embarrassment
because I did a tweet that lots of
people thought was outrageous
should I well I got to tell you that my
my entire sense of embarrassment over
the situation which is literally
national news it's in the New York Times
in the Washington Post today it was in
you know a lot of major media the daily
Daily Beast
a bunch of media and I gotta say there
was not one time that I felt embarrassed
now partly is because of practice you
know I have so much practice being
embarrassed in public that it just
doesn't even have any effect on me but I
also
have learned over my life you know just
had it at a deal with so here's how I
dealt with it I went on video the very
first time I had a chance to to respond
was the next morning and I explained the
situation so I added a clarification so
people could know the the background and
the full context and the background in
full contacts includes the fact that
it's the third time I've done it but
only the first time anybody cared
meaning it's the third time that I've
tweeted about the availability of the
app and exactly when people would care
which is there's a big event and people
might want to have news from it what one
time was during a hurricane when I
promoted our approach app that's a
different app and the approach app
allows you to find people a group of
people on a map so you know where
everybody is
nobody complained even though it was in
the middle of a disaster or hurricane I
also did it when a helicopter fell
through the roof in New York City there
was a death and nobody complained and
the reason nobody complained is that
there is no political feeling about
helicopters
crashing and there's no political
feeling about hurricanes they're just
generic disasters and so what I made
this I made people more aware of a tool
that was directly applicable to the
public good at the time that they cared
about it those two topics people said oh
I didn't know you had an app how about
that but as soon as it was about gun
violence that was the part I had a blind
spot for I didn't realize that the gun
violence element of it makes it not a
normal disaster it makes it a political
disaster on top of being a human
disaster so it was the political
disaster part that people said aha
here's a chance to pick off another
effective trump supporter so people said
here's our chance to get that guy who's
in public talking good things about
Trump if we can take him off the field
that's one less voice we have to contend
and so the the vultures descended that
wasn't all Democrats there were plenty
of you know Trump supporters who said Oh
Scott you stepped on it you better
apologize well a lot so here's what I
did the very first time I got to respond
was the next morning and I did a
periscope in which I explained the
situation and I said the reason I did it
when I did is that's when people need to
know had I told people about it a month
ago
would they remember it when they needed
to probably not but if you do it during
the event that's the most useful time
now people complained a few things they
said number ones got you it's it's gross
because you're trying to make money off
it to which I say the entire news media
makes money off of disasters and if they
didn't there would be no reporting
because you don't want to do you don't
want to depend on the government as your
news source right and nobody's going to
be a news source for free and not at
least not when you can depend on so we
have an industry that commercialize
disasters and even if you think that
shouldn't happen the alternative is
worse commercializing disasters is why
there is a news organization in the
first place you can't have one without
that now this tool that I promoted is
just one of its many things that can do
is that it would be a way to for news
organizations to find witnesses easily
because they just be on the app so if
you were a newspaper in let's say I know
and there was a disaster in Florida and
you wanted to talk to some people to get
an idea about it you could just pick up
the app you know put in the hashtag for
the disaster and say oh three people who
were there are willing to talk to me
about it now I imagine that the maximum
amount of potential income that I could
make would be somewhere in the five
dollar range because most people just
set their prices 0 because they just
want to talk to the media you know
they're willing to have their story told
so they would not charge and if they
don't charge there's no money changing
hands in any direction but my tweet was
unclear and so I accept so here's what I
did the next day I accepted all of the
criticism all of the criticism is fair
it was a thing which offended people and
I can't argue that it didn't offend
people because objectively people were
saying hey you offended me but most
people were the fake outrage guy they
were being offended on behalf of
somebody else they weren't they weren't
personally offended they were just
pretty sure somebody else's offended so
they were sort of white knighting for
imaginary people who were offended so I
went on and I said I unreservedly
apologized to anybody who was actually
part of the event in any way if they
were witness to it and shooting
survivors etc certainly would not want
to offend them
so I apologized unreservedly and quickly
and added some clarification and I did
it within 24 hours and then I posted the
apology to the top of my Twitter feed
where it remains for days in other words
is the most important thing in my entire
communication world a Pindus tweet is
the most important thing so I've made my
apology the most important thing but I
did sort of a sneaky thing I buried my
apology in a long video I could have
done it quickly I could have put my
apology in a tweet but I chose not to do
you know why it was funnier to make
people watch the whole video to to look
for the apology so they could decide
whether it was sufficient and whether
they could mock me for it because you
know the second part is sure you
apologize but you did it wrong so I knew
people were gonna look for the wrong
apology it's like well that's not an
apology you were or if that's not soon
enough so right now the the biggest
complaint I'm getting about it is people
were saying you still refuse to
apologize why can't use
what you did wrong to which I say
refused to apologize don't see what I
got wrong
I admitted all of the critics are right
of course I understand what they're
saying and I apologized unreservedly
quickly publicly and made it the most
important thing in my in my tweet to
which people say I have other things to
talk about now I'll see you later
so it was sort of a trap meaning I did
it intentionally because I thought it
was funny to make my biggest critics
have to sit through a long video to find
to try to find the thing they were gonna
criticize again knowing that they
wouldn't find anything to criticize
because because I did I did my apology
and clarification according to form so
that was just for my own personal
entertainment but anyway and then the
many of you were wondering what's the
homecoming of all this and the outcome
is is signups for the app are very high
so we get a spike in signups the spike
in interest and the app got mentioned
all over the country would you say would
you say that it worked out poorly for me
what would you say now I'm not going to
this was no plan in my part there was no
there was no like long-term strategy
whatever anything like that it was just
literally I just wasn't thinking it
through and if I had it wouldn't have
done it which is what what the critics
got right so when the critics say what
the hell were you thinking they're kind
of saying you didn't think this through
and that's the part I completely accept
completely if somebody had said to be
tapped me on the shoulder before I did
it said Scott this isn't like the other
ones you're forgetting the part that
this is a gun violence and the public
won't see it like they see every other
tragedy this that you you'll be a pawn
in their political fight and it will
become the it will become about Trump
and you'll just be the thing they try to
crush under your under your
wheels and everybody will pretend to be
offended and maybe even some people will
be offended I haven't I haven't heard
from anybody hapten was actually
offended if it happened you know I wish
it hadn't and that's why I apologized
but the fake offended people were Legion
and had I thought it through probably
wouldn't have done it which is what I
said in in the clarification slash
apology video so my standard for these
things
is a quick apology / clarification I
satisfied my own standard and that
leaves me somewhat invulnerable from
cries of hypocrisy because the same
thing I ask of the public Oh somebody
smart I'm going to comment on a comment
here a moment I'll just comment on that
comment without even finishing my
statement somebody made an allusion to
New Coke do you know the New Coke story
most of you who did not go to business
school have heard that the New Coke
story was a marketing fiasco the coke
had a successful product in coke when
they introduced New Coke everybody said
yuck we don't like this new coke it's a
big mistake and it's a big marketing
error but if you check back with coke a
few years later you'd see that sales of
coke in general are through the roof or
at least they're strongly better because
the coke attracted so much attention to
their older brand because people
remembered how much they loved it
compared to this new one that ended up
being one of the greatest marketing
mistakes of all time in the positive way
it was a mistake that just got the more
attention and became positive so that
was very much like what happened to me
yes I was gonna make that same analogy
but somebody beat me to it alright if it
ain't coke don't fix it somebody says ok
that's that's clever
Ted Cruz testimony with a democratic
professor I should have that guy on
you're talking about Epstein professor
Epstein who said that essentially Google
can decide to with the president this
based on his research they can move
enough votes that they can effectively
decide whose president I should have
that guy on I'm gonna do a an interview
series but I've got to do a little more
prep before I do that how many of you
would like to see Christina my
significant other on my periscopes how
would you like to see her interview me
on camera what I want to get an opinion
on that before we do it how many of you
want to see Christina interview me on
camera I'm looking at your comments
mostly yeses yes yes yes
[Laughter]
what no why would anybody say no all
right mostly yeses so I I think I might
do that one of these days maybe after
evasion or two and I will talk to you
all later have a great day