bump up boom boom boom pop up on pom pom
pom pom pom hey everybody
said you've been around I know I'm
coming to you at an unusual time but
it's worth it oh it's so worth it come
in here and we will enjoy the
simultaneous cept you might like it in a
cup in a mug you might like it in this
diet at jealous a thermos but whatever
it is fill it with your favorite
favorite liquid and my choice is coffee
and join me for the simultaneous m oh
that's good sipping so yesterday there
was this big story about the president's
schedule so without talking about the
obvious question question which is how
the hell does somebody get a copy of the
president's schedule and then leak that
I suppose getting into this easy part
about leaking it is the outrageous part
and yes I am reading your comments and
then the big story was that 60% of it
was unscheduled and therefore therefore
maybe he's not working so hard but it
didn't really land it did it in terms of
a criticism of this President did did
that even leave a dent because even that
this latest tell-all book from whoever
was the gofer I can't remember his name
which is which is funny but you know the
recent behind-the-scenes book about
Trump in which Trump called the writer a
gofer and barely knew him even that guy
said the one thing you can't doubt is
that this president was a workhorse you
know he's working working hard so even
critics are kind of willing to say he's
a hard worker and all that unschedule
time just means we don't know what he
was doing that's different from
unscheduled
I mean the whole thing was ridiculous it
sort of turned into have you noticed the
entire presidency has turned into a
Dilbert comic am I the only one noticing
that all right let me give you giving
you some examples of why this is a
Dilbert comic normally when people are
talking about a president's performance
are they talking about stuff like what
time he comes to work how he schedules
his time and whether or not he's a good
boss to his employees have you ever
heard any of that about any other
president for every other president you
talk about the policies and you know
international relations but with Trump
it's totally become a Dilbert comic and
if you look at the things that they're
complaining about him now the complaints
are every employee bitching about their
CEO if you if you were to take the best
CEO in the world and who knows who that
is you know maybe it's you know Jeff
Bezos or Tim Cook or you know so whoever
you think is the best CEO in the world
and let's say let's say there's a
general agreement that this person is an
amazing amazing CEO don't you think I
can find a lot of employees who think
that who think that that employee is
don't you think I can file a lot of
employees who think that boss is not
working hard enough
making all the wrong decisions I made my
fortune by noting that everybody thinks
that about their boss so as long as
they're turning politics into a Dilbert
comic I'm not too worried about this
president all right let's talk about the
State of the Union because this is gonna
be fun I've probably never looked
forward to a State of the Union more
than this one because there's just a lot
going on now one of the things that's
going on
the funniest thing that's going on is
that both sides are trying to invite
guests who simply by their existence
tell the story now they'll tell a story
about the guests as well but there's
something about their situation or about
them personally that does importance and
sir president Trump has invited a kid
it's a kid whose last name is Trump
who's been getting bullied in school and
yeah Joshua Trump and I'm thinking this
is the funniest thing I've ever seen
because somehow the president managed to
invite somebody to the State of the
Union that was as much about Trump as
about the other person so somehow he
made it about himself but in the
funniest possible way so that's not a
criticism it's just a funny observation
everybody else's you know bringing
somebody who had a hard time for one
reason or another and this poor little
Joshua Trump probably is having a real
hard time I'm sure that part is real but
the fact that it's still about Trump it
was just it's just so I don't know it
just couldn't be more perfect adults on
Twitter or bullying him that's terrific
so the Democrats have got their own
their own lineup of people who've had
serious problems so here's the net of
that wasn't the State of the Union where
we used to talk about the good news
am I wrong that the State of the Union
used to be all about things that are
working well right it used to be hey
look at all these things that the
countries do and then the country is
doing great and now that the vibe of it
has changed all this bad news it's like
the big bad news festival oh yeah well
you brought some people
who were having a hard time look at the
people we brought they're really having
a hard time so there's that element of
it the other element of course is all
the wall stuff but there's there's
another thing shaping up here that I
think is going to happen I think what
the president is going to do is take
this opening to try to bring the
temperature down on race and racial
divisiveness divisive this I can never
never know which way that goes I think
he's going to say this is the perfect
time to talk about what he's doing for
African Americans what he's doing for
you know every ethnic group because he's
had a full week of Democrats getting
getting accused of terrible things and
the whole Virginia governor story could
not be more perfect in terms of its
timing so if he's smart he'll take the
opportunity that Democrats are being are
being accused of all the things that
he's been accused of and he'll he'll
take the high ground and and try to make
something out of that and I think that's
what's coming and that will be that will
probably be the right play all right how
many of you noticed that I correctly
predicted the winner of the Super Bowl
pretty impressive right
well I am about a billion other people
predicted the winner but I'm the only
reason I mentioned it is that for years
I've been predicting the winners of the
Super Bowl based on their mascots
fighting it out and in a surprisingly it
is surprisingly predictive so I
predicted that a patriot with a musket
could kill a ram and sure enough muskets
win somebody says all right I think
today CNN called the president racist
repeat indefinitely it's sort of all
they got now and it's just falling apart
in front of their eyes
if you haven't seen a tweet that I did
this morning watch a tweet of Bill palta
who is down and st. Louis or was down in
st. Louis looking at the blight so see
the actual footage I just I just tweeted
that right before I got out here and you
can see what urban America has turned
into it's just you know house after
house with nobody in it rundown and and
those are the things that Bill's taking
on with the city and you'll hear more
about that a lot more about that coming
up any updated on Middle East peace
predictions well it feels like it's been
quiet over there hasn't it been kind of
quiet so maybe that's good news I still
feel like there's something big brewing
for the Middle East so maybe something
this year Rand Paul is mad yeah Rand
Paul seems to be the one who is leading
the charge to get us ahead of these
places and I have to admit the the
arguments on both sides are fairly
compelling because one side says there
are all kinds of countries all over the
world where we could put troops and it
might help the population but is that
our job to help every country that needs
help and what do you hear that you say
well that is good point
we haven't helped Afghanistan and there
are lots of other countries we could
help why did we pick this one country
and then the the opposite argument is
that there's something special about
these Middle East countries and and that
having a presence there is what helps us
beat down terrorism they're both pretty
strong arguments usually it will say
that but in this case they're both
pretty strong now the other thing the
other thing that's happening of course
is if the president doesn't
make a big deal about health care he's
missing he's missing a big chance the
big thing that the Democrats have
working against the president is this
universal health care call you know
medicare for all apparently it's pretty
popular and so he's got to say they're
doing something they have some kind of
an answer to that some kind of
Republican type of situation but this
would be a good time to tell you that
this this periscope is brought to you by
my company's app interface by Wynn hub
where we have added some doctors if you
if you open the app let me show you how
easy it is the app is free if you open
it up you can say find an expert click
that you can just type in doctor doctor
and then a bunch of doctors will show up
you can scroll through and you can see
them and right now there are some
there's an orthopedic surgeon we we've
signed up 20 doctors from a platform
called encore so later today you'll see
them appear live and I believe some of
them can also take a schedule so you can
schedule some of the experts now we
didn't didn't use to be able to do that
the point is that if you did not have
healthcare and you wanted 15 minutes or
a half an hour of of medical advice you
could get it now instantly through your
app you would just pay by a credit card
the way you would pay for anything so
have I signed up to Virginia Governor
that's a funny question and the answer
is no can they prescribe yes so if the
doctor you choose is licensed in your
state and it would say so in the if you
read their bio it would tell you where
they're licensed they can it's legal yes
and they can prescribe medicines now the
exception I think is opioids they're not
going
do any opioids without seeing you in
person but for general stuff if you're
if they're licensed for your state and I
think the first set of doctors were just
putting on a trial set the first set of
doctors cover about 25 different states
so check their bio to make sure that
they're it's a statement state you you
care about now somebody said viagra I
assume so adderall is always more of a
controlled substance I'm not the expert
on this stuff but I would think that
something like adderall probably could
not be prescribed over without seeing
somebody in person but I'm not positive
about that and then as far as ordering
blood tests I don't want you to have to
ask the doctors about all right have you
signed up any lawyers you had their
lawyers on there all the time
and right now the we've got a chicken
and egg thing going which is it's easy
to get experts as long as there are
people to call them but we need both
callers and experts so the more of you
who silent the more successful will be
so if you want to bring down the cost of
health care and make an option for
people who don't have it if you support
this platform simply by signing up or
telling other people about it you would
be you'd be helping bring and bring down
the cost of health care and making it
more universal and then some of you
might want to use it for a second
opinion which is probably what I will
use it for myself how many times have
you gone to your doctor and your doctor
says do X or Y and you just want to get
a second opinion but it's kind of
inconvenient to find another doctor and
go there so you could just call up the
app and say my doctor says this does
that sound reasonable
get a second opinion for a reasonable
price
yeah sign up even if you don't actually
use it because the more the more energy
it gets the more sytem so we have the
more likely you're you're going to think
about it if you've already signed up the
more likely or use it even if even if
you didn't think you were going to use
it
I remember doctors are just one type of
expert so any kind of expert can sign up
it's called interface bio in hub and
it's in both of the app stores and also
now if you if you search for interface
by wound up we also have a a web verse
so you can do it on your your laptop as
well or your any device are they allowed
to sell my data
well when hub does not sell your data
but you have to in it's been to mean you
and the person you're talking to what
happens with your information the yeah
just just Google interface by when hub
and the web page will come up so some of
you have seen hoaxed by now and yes I
did have a I had a significant part of
it but there were a number of people in
it any new projects I just got my my
first draft of my upcoming book and I
got the got the first comments from my
publisher there is nothing better than
the first comments if they're good so my
polish publisher says the first draft is
quote fantastic so there's no better
feeling than writing an entire book and
you don't know you don't know how other
people are going to respond to it and
then you send it in to your publisher
and your publisher says it's fantastic
it will sell a ton of them
is what she told me so that's good would
I advise Howard Schultz for 200 thousand
a month that's a good question no I
don't think so
but for 1 billion dollars I will advise
Democrats how to win 1 billion dollars
nobody's gonna pay that so don't worry
what did I think of Hawk newsome's
appearance in hoaxed I thought I thought
it was powerful I don't want to say more
about it because people will watch it
and I don't want to give anything away
but that whole part was very interesting
where did the money come from which
money
Taleb block peterson on twitter for
supporting GMO and monsanto what's your
take
that's a scientific question and i don't
know if i have anything to add to it if
the science if the science looks good
that'd be in favor if the science says
it's sketchy then I wouldn't but I'm no
expert on that I don't have any opinion
everyone is worried they will offer you
1 billion if they did offer me 1 billion
it would be the smartest investment they
have made they wouldn't have to do
anything else or you or 4 1 billion you
can buy the Dilbert property you could
own Dilbert you could own the rights to
Dilbert forever for 1 billion dollars
somebody says of a sellout
don't worry nobody's gonna pay the price
so I won't sell them would I sell to a
Saudi prince well I don't think the
Saudi prince is gonna buy Dilbert so I
don't have to worry about that can you
upload your podcasts to Spotify I hadn't
thought about that
we'll see you then switch from Kamala to
Hillary if she runs I don't think so I
think they're done with Hillary because
they don't think she could win again
would be my guess what animal would beat
you be if you were a cartoon character I
would be dogbert
of course he thoughts about North Korea
well I think North Korea is looking good
and I think it's going to be a long slow
bringing together of North and South
Korea oh I heard I heard what I thought
was the dumbest comment that I've heard
lately on CNN from an expert I won't
mention the expert but it was a ex-cia
guy I believe so an expert in all things
you know foreign and mostly foreign and
he said that if Trump starts pulling out
of all these countries pulling our
military out that if he eventually he
pulls out of South Korea now listen to
this
he said if if we pull out him South
Korea a US troops out of South Korea he
said North Korea would be in in Seoul by
the afternoon does that sound like a
professional with a professional opinion
I mean seriously do you think if we
pulled the US military out of South
Korea today that North Korea would
immediately attack South Korea that's
maybe the worst opinion I've ever seen
on television
I honestly CNN shouldn't be embarrassed
should be embarrassed that they let that
guy say that unchallenged and by the way
nobody said you think North Korea would
immediately commit suicide by attacking
South Korea or somebody money said are
you saying the only reason they the Kim
family doesn't commit suicide because it
would be suicide for the Kim family for
sure is that the US military is down
here
does that make sense there's nobody here
who thinks that even makes a little
sense today the yet South Korea has
plenty of weapons and it wouldn't take
us long to get back over there the one
thing that would happen for sure is that
Kim jong-un would be killed if if North
Korea attacked South Korea no matter
what happened the Kim family would be
killed there's no doubt about that
so I don't think there's any chance that
that would happen that said we're not
gonna pull out in South Korea anytime
soon so I'm not going to worry about it
do you think Kim values human life I
think he values his own can you explain
the Bitcoin password issue yeah so there
was a big exchange where the the only
person who had the important passwords
died and so everybody lost all their
lost access to all their money on that
exchange so that was pretty bad that the
only thing you need to know about
Bitcoin and crypto currencies is that if
you lose your password roughly speaking
let's just call it passwords if you lose
your password you lost your money
there's nothing that can change that
Brooklyn New York da going after Trump
that sounds like yeah can we talk about
just looking at your comments oh so now
that periscope has this feature where
you can invite a guest I did that last
night just for a test so I can actually
invite a guest here into a split screen
last night I didn't think it was working
the way I thought it was supposed to
work but it turns out that on your end
you can see the split screen so you
could see the video on my end I could
hear I can hear audio and I can see
myself but there's probably something I
coulda pressed to change what I was
seeing so I haven't quite haven't quite
mastered it but we'll we'll start having
some guests on here probably when I get
back please create essentialist of books
movies podcasts and interviews you
recommend I might do that someday
somebody said I could only hear audio
that's funny because I did hear from
somebody who could see a split screen so
I guess I have to now a number of you
are saying it's only audio but why did
somebody actually see a split screen if
somebody saw it okay now I guess I don't
know well I heard it from a reliable
source that it was a split screen on
your side but most of you were telling
me that that is not the case no well I
wasn't lied to because it was somebody I
know huh okay well I guess I have to
figure that out I will do that
could you do a split screen with Mike
sort of a true battle hoaxed yeah I
believe I will try to do that but I want
to make sure that so he said I saw an
overlay I saw talking boxes I've only
heard at audio maybe if it's portrait
versus landscape I was gonna alright
we'll test we'll do some more testing on
that so other people are saying they saw
split-screen I wonder if it was the
orientation of the your screen if you
click the static logo that came on what
would happen alright well we'll play
with that that's boring to talk about
what else is happening so we did the
State of the Union we did the Trump
schedule and there's some pics some
story about James Brown's death probably
will bring on some climate people oh
let's talk about Q I made a comment
about the Q conspiracy I and actually
tweeted an article in which Q was just
called the conspiracy conspiracy theory
and once again all the Q people attacked
me for being stupid now I didn't know
there were any Q people left and I was
kind of blown away that there are so
many people who are that resistant to
seeing the obvious I don't yeah there
there's some there's some conspiracy
theories where even I say well maybe you
know for example the conspiracy theory
that there were other gunman who shot
Kennedy now I think that's probably not
true you know if I had to bet on it I
would bet that the story is fairly close
to the story that we've been told you
know single shooter but I also say to
myself well maybe
you know it's not it's not impossible
that there was more to this story but
when I hear things about chemtrails and
the Q conspiracy I do not have that
feeling to me to me it's just pretty
obvious that those are those are made up
yeah I I thought I thought the Q people
had just gone away but so part of the
story was that the Q was being boosted
by the Russian trolls so the Russians
had accurately identified the Q thing as
as a disruptive useless fake news and
they were boosting and some more people
were getting in on the fake news so I'm
not saying any Q supporters here so far
but I'm Twitter that they came after me
and I and I kept thinking I thought
there were no Q people left I haven't
heard about it Q drop in a long time
didn't Jack pasaba canned you know and
and I and ginger MacLean didn't didn't
we do a good enough job killing that
conspiracy theory yeah that's what I
said excuse the little thing there's
somebody still willing to to say that
they believe that it's kind of amazing
can I get Judith curry I might try to do
that because she would be exactly the
right person to talk to I'm going to do
an update on my current understanding of
climates so as you know I've been doing
a deep dive and I think I think I'm at a
point where I could give you an update
about what seems real than what seems bs
my my general overview is at both the
skeptics and the climate science
community have so much BS that neither
them look real and in other words both
arguments look for audience
because so much of their arguments on
both sides are obviously fraudulent so
there's no side which has been accurate
and honest and scientific that
apparently that didn't happen both sides
have some large amount of total BS
uh-huh but one of those sides is right
so even though they both have large
dollops of BS which is the part we can
recognize one of them's right either
it's a problem or it's not and I'll give
you my current thinking on that I have a
new question for those of you who are
sort of following this I saw a claim
that if you had just 18 temperature
buoys it would be as good as having
hundreds or even thousands of buoys
measuring the temperature all over the
oceans and the the reason is that 18 is
enough to be representative and somebody
did the math and compared it and found
out that that would be the case now if
it's true that you can get a reliable
enough and if the keyword is enough but
if you can get a reliable enough
measurement of the the ocean from just
18 buoys but we actually have far more
than that that would change my mind
about whether or not we can even measure
measure the temperature of the ocean if
we can't measure the temperature of the
ocean I'm not willing to say that we
know what's going on but if it's true
that just any well-placed sample of 18
buoys would actually track the ocean
temperature pretty well that would
change my mind and whether or not we
have a handle on this now one of the
things you see all the time is look at
the satellite stem it the satellite
temperature measurements are the
accurate ones
here's what I know about that so far
satellite temperatures have been only
been measured since 1979 when they
started having that technology and
they're only measures the atmosphere so
a satellite can't tell you the
temperature below the water and so I say
to myself since 90% of the Earth's heat
is in the ocean how helpful is it to be
able to only measure the air because
that's the 10% now if the theory is that
measuring the air is actually all you
need to do then I'd like to hear that so
that's a gap in my knowledge is there
anybody who claims that measuring just
the atmosphere and not directly
measuring the ocean obviously there's an
interplay there but not directly
measuring the ocean if somebody can tell
me that that's totally good enough then
that would be important because the
satellites tell you one story that might
be a little different from the buoys etc
I'm seeing in all caps the dumbest
comment about climate all right here's
one thing I found out for sure and if
it's the last thing I do I'm gonna make
sure that nobody ever types a comment to
me in all caps it's the Sun it's the Sun
they forgot to measure the Sun let me
tell you why that is the worst most
uninformed comment on climate and it
goes like this do you think all the
climate scientists in the world
when they were trying to figure out the
heat of the planet do you think all of
those scientists forgot to include the
Sun that's what people think a huge part
of the skeptical community believes and
and my mind just goes blah blah blah
blah when I hear this they literally
believe that the best scientists in the
world on the question of climate and
warmth forgot to measure
the impact of the Sun now of course
we're talking about you know that the
intensely the Sun and the sunspots and
the Sun cycles and all that but please
dear God if you don't believe anything
else I ever tell you the climate
scientists did not forget the Sun that
would be the dumbest opinion in in the
whole conversation everybody who says
they forgot the Sun should not be able
to talk in public anymore maybe their
friends should just stop them their
friend should say Bob Bob when we talk
about climate science if you mentioned
the Sun again as if it hasn't been
thought of and nobody checked it
you can't talk anymore you you're not
allowed to speak anymore if you think
the Sun has been forgotten by scientists
that's not a thing
and indeed the the other big argument
from the skeptics is that the
temperature and the co2 and the past
don't line up in other words one was
going up when a woman was going down in
the past do you know why they produced
that graph because the skeptics forgot
the Sun that's literally true so the
reason that you see these graphs that
are fake graphs of co2 and temperature
not moving together is because those
graphs made by the skeptics did not
include the changes that we understand
about the Sun and once you put those in
there the lines actually match up so
somebody's like hmm I wonder about this
on so so here's the other thing that
people say some people are saying that
the earth has cooled for the past two
years so I asked this question on
Twitter just like you get an answer and
apparently the temperature has cooled
substantially in the last two years if
you think that means anything it does
not it does not because any few years
have changed means nothing because
that's all assume didn't you know the
the Kleiber scientists assume that the
temperature goes up and down in
different years but that the average is
moving here's the other worst sceptical
argument the worst sceptical argument
besides they forgot the Sun is that they
used to call it global warming but they
had to change it to climate change
because there were a lot of you know a
lot of low temperatures - aha we caught
them they had to change the name because
their theory was so bad that it wasn't
just warming sometimes it got cooler
that's a terrible argument because it
turns out if you do a little
fact-checking
it's been called climate change for as
long as it's been global warming so
scientists did not just come up with a
new marketing term they've always been
using that term and they have always
understood that if you warmed one part
of the world it would cause a ripple
effect that might cause other places to
be temporarily cooler but all that
matters is the average all that matters
is the average so that's that's the
other just terrible argument that they
changed the name of it change in the
name of it doesn't mean anything and all
it really means is that you heard you
heard the new name more than you heard
the old name after a while but both
names always existed so that's the
terrible argument
the north pole shift I think we're still
trying to figure out how that all fits
in verifying the IPPC reports then come
back with the fact bro I don't know what
you're talking about but since you were
an idiot I'm gonna ignore it how does
the climate change from renting polling
well not everybody likes it so I save it
for the end of my periscopes Oh here's
the other worst argument so the other
worst argument is that climate change is
a giant conspiracy that's meant to
create a socialist world have you heard
that one that that one's sort of a
chemtrails
hue is Magic kind of belief and it's
even backed up by some I know some UN
dignitaries saying exactly that so there
are actually people on video saying hey
we're doing this climate change thing to
you know turn socialist but there's no
freaking way that all of the scientists
in the world are in on this globalist
scheme that is ridiculous right i I'm
not I wouldn't be surprised at all if
there are real people who are not
scientists or in it for other reasons
you know maybe they think it will make
the world a better place because it
makes us more socialist or something
yeah I believe they exist but there's no
fricking way that the scientists were
working on this field are all in on this
conspiracy
now then people say to me no no Scott
you don't understand we're not saying
that all the scientists are in on the
conspiracy we're saying that the big
people who control the money are the
conspiracy ones and they're the ones who
are incenting the politicians incenting
the scientists to do all the wrong
things
no nobody understands bias more than I
do
well I'm sure people understand it more
than I do but the point is I literally
wrote a book on bias and of course
monetary bias is close to the top bias
here Scott is incredibly naive damn it
you can't really block people anymore
because the the one you touch is not the
one that gets blocked those who think
I'm naive because I don't believe
there's a global conspiracy about
climate change you really need to check
your conspiracy thinking you know gene
if you're believing in chemtrails global
conspiracy theories q these are all
ridiculous and I don't want to even
spend too much time talking about them
they are ridiculous on the surface you
don't have to you don't have to dig down
you don't have to do your own research
on these these ones are just ridiculous
somebody says you're destroying your
argument lol alright there's nothing I
can do for you if you're gonna believe a
conspiracy theory that is that
outrageously crazy all right I can't I
can't change your mind if you're that
far going but one thing I'm sure of is
that the scientists of the world are not
making up science because there's some
global conspiracy that's influencing
them all in lockstep that's just not
happening
thoughts on helium-3 fusion energy
technology well I have a lot of thoughts
on helium-3 fusion technology let me
show you a little model I made to no I
don't have any thoughts on that the
president said it's conspiracy well
maybe he did but I don't know what sense
he means it's a conspiracy to do so if I
drag the list somebody's giving me some
user interface tips oh I see all right
yeah so if I drag the list I can stop it
and I can block me yeah I'll probably
let's see what's happening here there we
go
somebody said they're getting Larry
married to an American lady today wish
me luck that's that would get me in
trouble if I say anything about that
here's a here's a comment that in the
old days I would have made a joke about
it
somebody says I'm getting married to an
American lady today wish me luck
and I thought not going to touch that
I'm not going to touch that at all all
right then what it appears oh there we
go
- I block with my middle finger I should
he keep saying it's not sure if he's
trolling Scott you're afraid you'll be
kicked out of your globalist climate
change er lodge any comments on IQ
debate yes I do I don't know which IQ
debate that you're talking about but IQ
comes up all the time and usually in
some racist sense you know should we
should we be treating people differently
because their their ethnicity has some
kind of a different IQ situation here's
what I have to say about that the
dumbest thing about white supremacist is
that white supremacists believe that
they the white supremacists get credit
for something that people who are not
them who also happened to have some some
DNA in common invented some stuff and I
say to myself wait a minute wait a
minute just because you have some DNA
similarity with complete strangers who
invented some gray stuff that doesn't
make you great that doesn't say anything
about you you're you are completely
disconnected you weigh supremacist with
anything that people who happen to also
be white do you don't get credit for
that so so the whole idea that you can
get credit for something that other
people are done just because those other
people share some kind of weird DNA with
you there's no there's no logic to that
that's the dumbest thing I've ever heard
and here's another one so and then other
people say yeah but we have to you know
that the white supremacist might say
something like oh we have to control who
comes into the country because if you
let people come in from this country say
the white supremacist
you know you're you're gonna bring
people who have lower IQ to which I say
how many people from any group are
inventing the next iPhone it doesn't
matter how many how many people you have
from any group because 99.9% of every
group is not changing society they're
not inventing the future they're not you
know they're not the ones who have
solved anything
you know not of any of any ethnicity 99%
of them are not changing the world so
what matters is the number of them so as
long as the number of our smartest
people goes up it doesn't matter you
know what ethnicity what gender doesn't
matter if they're you know they're trans
LGBTQ none of that matters we just need
a lot of them the more of them we have
the the smartest 1% the better we are
doesn't matter what color they are
because if somebody who happens to be
white or happens to be male does
something awesome that doesn't help me
that wasn't me
I don't get the reward I don't get the
bonus because somebody who's not me did
something cool it's it's it's sort of
it's just a not a productive argument so
there are things you can say about IQ
that you can find scientists to say yes
this is true in some average sense but
in the real world the only people
changed in the world are these few just
unusual people and it's not me that's
not you so you know treating each other
by our ethnicity because there are some
strangers doing something great
somewhere else is just ridiculous all
right
somebody says so you're saying IQ is not
genetic I didn't talk about that topic
at all what I talked about it is how it
wasn't terribly important we think it
matters but it but if it's only true in
some weird you know average way it
wouldn't matter if that were true or not
it wouldn't shake you shouldn't change
what you're doing
I've never met a weight supremacist -
have you literally not if a white
supremacist is someone who thinks that
white people are superior to all the
other races and I'm thinking now but I
think that's true I believe I have never
met one I've never met anybody who had
that opinion that is true I'm not saying
they don't exist so don't take me out of
context I'm just saying personally I've
never had a personal private
conversation with somebody who had that
opinion
all right so I think that's all I have
to say today and I may or may not join
you for the State of the Union I haven't
decided yet but I will I will talk to
you later bye