hey it's time for your evening swaddle
grab a blanket come on in you know how
to swaddle you were born that way and
we're gonna talk about some of the
events in the last 12 hours since last I
talked to you things are looking up yeah
and I'm gonna tell you how they're gonna
look up even more
yeah even more and you don't need to
worry about anything because so far
everything I've predicted has happened
in terms of this coronavirus situation
and so I'm gonna make some good
predictions the kind you get to enjoy
and they go it goes like this number one
what would happen if the top 1% simply
spent a little bit more money once we go
back to work now keep in mind that the
problem of having tremendous income
inequality is when you get a situation
like this pandemic the people were at
the bottom of the economic tree gear
first the most and they're in a dire
situation the people at the top might
lose you know a third of their wealth
but they won't even notice it so that's
the bad news
but what about the good news the weird
good news of this at least potentially
and maybe you could tell me why you
think this wouldn't work but the biggest
determinant of how quickly we get back
to a normal economy is demand because
supply is going to be pretty easy
because we already have the factories
built the companies exist the employees
just need to walk back in to the jobs
but only if somebody's buying stuff if
nobody's buying it
thing nothing's gonna work so and then
we have the problem that everybody from
you know say the upper-middle class down
just you know probably had a bad few
months so this entire bottom I don't
know
eighty percent maybe less maybe seventy
five percent I would say the bottom
seventy-five percent of the economic
ladder is going to have a tough few
months you know some worse than others
but it's gonna be tough for maybe
three-quarters of the country but
three-quarters of the country all added
together probably don't add up or even
close to the wealth and the income of
the top twenty percent 25 percent
listening so here's the math question I
give to you given there we're gonna go
back to a to an economy in which we have
exactly one problem not enough people
with money to buy stuff am I wrong
that's really the only problem now
because if people are buying then even
people who you know bring up some debt
can get loans etc because they can say
look I have all these customers business
is good bank says alright you could have
a loan that doesn't fix every problem
but it certainly gives you reason to
believe that the least the top 25
percent who still have plenty of money
but most of them didn't even lose their
jobs
you know maybe their portfolio went down
by a third they don't even know the
difference so the top 25 percent could
easily take it upon themselves
voluntarily to say oh wow I came out of
this thing okay I'm just gonna pour a
little money into this that would be
great and I've said this before I don't
know if there's a way to execute this in
time it'd be great if there was some way
to commit in advance to you know
overspending when we get back to to work
say in 2021
and then and then the businesses could
use that as evidence to go get loans and
staff up and everything else yeah but I
don't know how to do that in a way that
people would follow through necessarily
how would you record it a credible way
for restaurants you could just you know
book a reservation a year in advance I
suppose and there might be other
businesses where you could book a
business a year in advance so there
might be a way for the people who came
out of this well to simply increase what
they're doing 5% give me give me a sense
without without doing anything math
without being an economist will just see
you know if there's any wisdom in in the
crowd so all of us being way too
ignorant to know the actual answer to
this let's see if we can come up with an
answer anyway maybe there's some kind of
you know magic average that that isn't
crazy so here's the question for you if
you accept let's say as an assumption
except that the top 25% still would have
plenty of money and still could spend
more if they wanted to in 2021 and with
that because the top income group has so
much money relative to the bottom that
even though it's the top 25% they still
have most of the money so even though
it's 1/3 less it's still most of the
money so how much would they have to
spend more in 2021 compared to whatever
baseline you imagined they would have
spent under normal conditions how much
would the top 25% have to spend more in
the coming year to basically refill all
the pipelines with orders you know maybe
not a one-for-one because the things
they're spending money on or not exactly
the things other people were but in
terms of dollar amount would you say oh
I'm something I'm looking at the numbers
I see 8% but I see twice as much I'm
really off some of the numbers 2010 5
30% 5% now if if you take the wisdom of
the crowd to be something
it looks like it's settling in that 10%
range I'll just read a few more often
you say well now they look a little bit
bigger
15:33 2010 all right
so 100% 33 here's my intuition my
intuition is it's closer to 10% that it
is - it's probably below 10% because
remember the the trick here is that the
top 20% are gigantic you know if you
added up all their money it would be
this much for those of you can see me
and you're not watching or not just
listening looking at visually so the top
25% have this ball of wealth just look
where my hands are
that's how much they control the bottom
75% controls something like a little
golf ball-sized that little golf ball
shrunk by 75% just just making them
numbers here - you know like a marble
size how much would this giant ball have
to spend extra - reinflates eyes of a
golf ball and the answer is that that
very big thing the top 25% of all the
money probably a 5% flex completely
makes up for all the money that the
entire 75% bottom of the income lost
now again it's not one for one it's not
like everybody would get made whole but
it would certainly tell you that the the
ability to get back to where we want it
too quickly is entirely psychological
would you accept now the premise that
getting back to where we need to be is
now boiled down to a psychological
problem because if the top I'll just
keep saying 25% if they could be
convinced to say patriotically spend a
little extra
or or even just be convinced that there
are a lot of bargains or it's a good
time to you know buy some stock because
it's a good price or maybe you know pick
up an apartment building or something so
it seems to me that if you could manage
the psychology of the people who came
out okay they would become your extra
buyers and we're all fine
all right that's my optimistic thought
of the day I suggested this buy buy
tweet and I know how corny this sounds
but just just bear with me this will be
the corniest idea I've ever suggested
but also the best I think and the
suggestion is that when whenever
President Trump picks that day to go
back to work that may be the morning of
or the night before that he simply goes
on television and announces it or maybe
he's already announced it but before we
actually go back to work and or whoever
goes back to work whatever subset that
he goes on live TV and leads the nation
in the Pledge of Allegiance
now cordierite
a lot of people would say yeah I'm not
gonna take no pledge of allegiance and
then other people are saying well I'm
just I'm home in my living room I'm not
actually going to stand up and cover my
heart and do the Pledge of Allegiance
you know if I'm all alone in my home or
would you or would you I think you might
I think you might if you were all alone
if you were there with the family it
would only take one one member of the
family to stand up and the rest are you
gonna stand up except you know the
teenage daughter she won't stand up but
everybody else will stand up now here's
the the power of the idea in order for
the president to give the okay I've said
this before it really is very important
for the public to have fully weighed in
with their opinion of what level of
danger they're willing to take for
themselves and also what will level of
danger they're willing to accept on
behalf of their fellow citizens so
everybody would be asked to take a very
large risk whether they like it or not
and everybody's already taken a very
large you know piece of pain even if
only psychological in some cases but we
all we all sucked it up took a lot of
pain and here's the thing when we go
back to work the rewards are not going
to be equal some people might just slide
back to where they were some people a
little bit more slowly some people who
don't have a job to go back to but worse
some people especially the older and the
people with conditions are going to have
problems that they wouldn't have had if
we didn't go back to work when we did
whatever that is
so the Pledge of Allegiance is simply a
way to remind everybody that were
connected there were not a bunch of
individual people making individual
decisions where that also that means you
don't want to lose that part we are also
that individuals making individual
decisions that you know in a free
country it's less free at the moment but
it's free in general but you don't you
want to be reminded that the difference
between you wearing your mask and
keeping your social distance is there
somebody on your team might die that
there's somebody in this nation who is
vulnerable who could die if you don't
take it seriously and you know keep your
distance and do this stuff you're
supposed to do so the Pledge of
Allegiance would just be a very American
way for the presidents remind everybody
without it doesn't have to get into the
details just remind everybody that
you're on the same team and and it is
life and death
it's literally life and death all right
I've been saying that the best way you
can protect the president is by bouncing
around some numbers of how much extra
death you're willing to accept in order
to get get the economy running again and
I've got an update on this so I won't
just be repeating what I said this
morning and I did a little poll online
and I said you know would you would you
be okay getting back to work if it's
under fifty thousand extra deaths caused
by getting back to work early or under
100 under 200 and but my larger argument
was this the larger argument isn't until
the public starts really wrestling with
those numbers and having an honest
disagreement about it in public ideally
about what's enough and what's too much
and and just gets as a dolt as we can be
until the public displays some adult
behavior the president is sort of
handcuffed because you don't want your
leader to signing who who dies and who
lives I mean it's it's not the position
you want to put your leader in and
shouldn't be in that position you want
your public to really wrestle with it
anyway the update is this I was just
watching Lindsey Graham what show was he
on was at Laura Ingraham show but anyway
Lindsey Graham got on and what I liked
was he actually used the number of fifty
thousand so he used the number of fifty
thousand in a hopeful way you know that
he hoped we could find a way to get back
to work and also you know keep desks
under 50,000 and as soon as I heard it
like I I was reminded again why I like
Lindsey Graham so much I know I know you
can all find something that time he did
the thing and he didn't agree with the
thing and he voted wrong and you know I
get it you can find a thousand things to
say that you don't like about Lindsey
Graham he's been around a while so he's
probably done something to annoy
everybody but I got to tell you yet when
it comes to messaging and
sort of a clear-eyed view of things and
being able to explain things in a
persuasive way you know he's got that at
that attorney gene you know that he just
knows how to put things and when I heard
him throw out that number what I
immediately felt is that he was laying
cover for the president which is exactly
what you should be doing we should all
be laying cover for the president you
know forget about the Republican
Democrat thing it doesn't matter who the
president is it's that's irrelevant
you know forget the politics forget who
the president is we're being asked to
make a decision in which some of us will
die we owe the president a little cover
that we've we've really understood the
risk and collectively we talked about it
there's some kind of consensus and
ideally the president and the experts
would work with that consensus to come
up with something that makes sense for
everybody
so I know there's at least a little bit
of support for the idea that the public
should be involved in in figuring out
where do we go back to work I guess rush
limbaugh mentioned mentioned my tweet on
that topic today and he didn't say too
much about he was just mentioning it I
think in a in a way that he thought his
audience would be interested in he
didn't say much about it in terms of
opinion but just the fact that he
thought it was important enough to
mention it on the show to 20 million
people suggests that it's worthy of
consideration right so I'm not gonna say
rush like this so therefore you should
like it it doesn't work that way but
certainly with somebody of his stature
if he says this is worth you seeing it's
probably worth you saying so that was
good because you know I come up with a
lot of ideas and it's hard to know it's
hard to judge your own output you have
to look at something objective
so until it gets a little traction in
some way with somebody who's credible I
don't necessarily think I have anything
but let me let me go a little bit deeper
on this all right
this is gonna be kind of fun you'll like
this next part and I'm going to use a
trick that a that a drug dealer taught
me and I've talked about this before but
it's such a perfect way to prime you for
the next next part of what I'm gonna
talk about that if you've heard this
before I I'm sorry but you got hear it
again it goes like this
so what I'm gonna do is tell you a
little story about solving the
psychology of something and then I'm
gonna extend that to getting back to
work is really about solving a
psychology problem as much as a as a
health problem so let's say you were in
college hypothetically and you and your
friend put in some money and you bought
some some marijuana marijuana and you
wanted to divide it up because you just
go you know one little quantity of it
but you're you don't have a scale so how
do you how do you divide it up in a way
that you're both happy that you got half
now you say to yourself well if you make
it look about right that's good right
well back in the day when I learned this
trick there were things called seeds in
your marijuana and lots of twigs and
leaves and some of the buds were better
than others and you couldn't really look
at two piles and really know which one
was the good one because there were a
little too many variables going on it's
less true today but in those days and so
what is the site what is the trick
you know what's the hack to make both
people happy that they both got a good
deal when you can't measure it and you
can't even tell by looking at it and you
don't want people later to think and I
think the other one got the good one and
here's the trick it's so simple that you
laughs and the trick is this one person
divides the two pile
all alone and then the second person
picks a pile that's it it solves every
problem because the first person is only
going to divide them in a way that that
person thinks looks fair so that person
doesn't care which one he picked because
that person thinks they were divided
fairly the person who picks gets their
choice so if perchance they thought one
was better than the other just pick it
now there's there's a second part of
this story the the person who shall be
remain nameless a college friend of mine
taught me not only that trick but this
next thing which you know how sometimes
very little things stick in your mind
forever it's just the smallest
interaction and it just rewires your
brain forever and that happened the
first time that that we did this trick
so the two of us divided it up and I was
the divider so I was the one to go first
so I divided him into two piles and
here's what my friend and ex classmate
at college taught me next so he was
supposed to come over and pick the pile
that looked good he walked over and then
conspicuously without looking chose one
by just scooping it off the table until
you know whatever so ii ii ii thing he
taught me was that once i had divided
the piles he didn't need to look at him
and it was just one of those little
moments where you realized that what he
taught you is that he also trusted you
and he didn't even need to look it was
such just minor little just the smallest
little interaction but i remembered it
from the rest of my life because it was
just the you know display of trust that
I wasn't expecting anyway so here we
have the psychology problem of going
back to work because any way you look at
it we have to decide how many people are
gonna die and so I would suggest
this mechanism for for having a decision
that incorporates what the public wants
and thinks has been fairly considered a
system that they can support even if
it's not exactly the way they would have
done it because that's the important
thing you want the decision to be made
in a way that even the people who
disagree with it agree that the way it
was made was fair that's what elections
get you at least fair elections even the
people who lose go ah yeah but at least
that election was fair so I'll support
the system I'll just try harder next
time so you need a good system alright
here's the system that I would suggest I
think the public needs to take the lead
in deciding who goes back first and in
what order so in other words the public
should be presenting to to the
administration or vice versa maybe they
could flow some ideas and let the public
react but the public needs to weigh in
on what order of things we think were
comfortable with and then also what
level of death were comfortable with and
then ideally the government would tell
us when to go back to achieve below that
level of death so there would be two
separate decisions you'd let the experts
you know the foul cheese and the doctor
burps and stuff you'd let them tell you
when to go but you would tell them what
you want to achieve so the public would
say collectively you know just let's say
we really deal with it and a consensus
emerges that we'd like to keep it under
fifty thousand deaths
net you know the 50,000 new no worse
than years before we'd sort of like to
go in in this order and and then foul
she says when so we say we want to keep
it under 50,000 and then the modelers
come back and foul she and dr. Brooks
look at it and we go okay
the public has spoken
they will accept up to but not more than
50,000 deaths
give me a model that tells that tells
you when to go back to work to get to
that now of course you have this problem
where you might have to try something
and pull back and you might have to do
that multiple times I read something
from somebody smart this said likely
what's going to happen is will probably
try things and pull back try things and
pull back so there might be a lot of
throttling but at least we'd be edging
forward I think so
that is my suggested process public says
what order to go in and how many deaths
we accept and then the experts say when
to go back to work to achieve the level
that the public decided and you and then
you take then you take Trump and of the
decision of who dies and how many died
just not fair it's not a good system to
have the the leader the person who is
supposed to protect all of us to be put
in a position of deciding which of us
die you know in in the military context
of course has to do it but not in this
not in the civilian context all right so
I mentioned today that I saw this chart
that I thought was bogus and I asked
people to look at it it was a chart that
showed or seemed to show that the
compared to prior years the number of
pneumonia
I guess diagnoses where was it deaths
deaths I think maybe the number of
pneumonia deaths seemed to go up like
normal and then suddenly around January
just fell sharply off and it's never
done that before and then the
implication being that maybe some things
are being Mis Mis coded as coronavirus
that any other year would have just been
pneumonia so I don't have an opinion
about that but I said that my BS
detector said it was probably faked so a
bunch of people looked at it in the
comments and here's the conclusion
I don't know I'm not sure I'm not sure
but I can tell you that 1d bunker said
reproduce the graph by putting in the
data on the same day as in prior years
and it showed that all of the all of the
other years would have shown the same
decline if it had the same lag of data
and they did and they actually did have
that lag so if you had looked at those
other years the same day they also
temporarily would have looked like they
were sloping down but once all the data
came in that's the slope would go away
so 1d bunker using the database the same
data from the the people who produced it
showed pretty clearly I thought that you
know it was debunked it was just a lag
in the data situation but because it's
the Internet and because it's 2020 was
that the end of the conversation no it
was that the D bunker was immediately
debunked so there was the graph I was
suspicious of there was a D bunker who
had a very solid debunking of it
followed by a D bunker of the D bunker
and then as these things always go I
sort of lost interest and I couldn't
quite follow the argument after that so
I'm not quite sure if the D bunker or
the D bunker of the debunker won the
argument I'm still leaning toward the
debunk so I still think it's fake it
might be real data I'm not saying the
data is wrong but there might be an
artifact in there of time lag and you
know it's just the day that it was
measured it's not that it was wrong per
se Joe Biden did another little video in
which he referred to our leader as a
president strong Snickers Snickers
that's the cat
you always bark at the cat
you act like stickers you act you act
like you've never seen the cat of course
you've seen the cat every day so he's
the same cat
you need not barked alright I think we
got that sorted out back to me yeah so
Joe Biden referred to our leader as
presidents Trump he corrected it but how
many times is he gonna mispronounce a
world leaders name before Alyssa Milano
says they've had enough so the other
funny thing is that well it's funny
tragic or funny interesting I don't know
it's not funny in the and the haha way
but still interesting so yeah I I'm not
on the side of most of you who are
watching this I think based on what I
know about my viewers many of you had a
have a negative opinion of her political
activism but I don't I don't agree with
her positions in many cases but I liked
the fact that she is sincere and trying
to help and her intentions are good and
she puts in the work and she's got skin
in the game and I just I just respect
activism if people have good intentions
and she does but she got a kind of
trapped by running out of candidates
that were sentient beings so she sort of
by default because she can't be a
Republican and I guess she doesn't want
to sit it out cuz she's sort of an
activist so she needs to have a
candidate as he was left with whatever's
left of Joe Biden who I believe is a
saddlebag full of old letters and she's
she's doing her best
she's doing her best to be supportive
and I think they she said she's known
him for years so I guess they're you
know they have some kind of personal
connection that goes back for a while
so I guess I admire her loyalty but she
has to know what's going on right she
has to know cuz we all know there's
nobody who doesn't know that he's not up
for the job and again I'm not making a
Democrat versus Republican comment
whatsoever you know if you told me you
know Andrew Cuomo was gonna be the
candidate I would say well pretty strong
choice that'd be interesting at least at
least we'd have some real competition
then so it's not like I'm gonna you know
mock every Democrat or something if
anybody's new to my my periscopes that's
not what I'm about but I mean seriously
Joe Biden doesn't matter what party were
talking about he's just not capable it's
obvious but she's doing her best to
defend him and then it just gives worse
so then there's this you know me to
allegation against Joe Biden for
something that allegedly happened years
ago and the problem of course is that
the allegation has every hallmark of
credibility you know as these things are
judged because you know the story held
together it's clear that you could put
them in the same room apparently she
told people about it at the time and
they and they they back up the story so
it doesn't mean any of it happened right
so that's that's not how it works but it
does mean that it meets the at least the
initial tests where according to the
rules of me to somebody who is a an
activist should be backing the woman's
story in every other situation you'd
expect that to be true but Alyssa Milano
has she's decided to choose loyalty over
consistency I guess
which is yeah I again I don't even
criticize that I'm not even gonna
criticize her for choosing loyalty or
even choosing if she decides that an old
saddlebag full of letters is a better
president than president Trump and yeah
maybe looking a strong vice president so
it'll all be fine you know whatever
she's thinking I don't even criticize it
but what a position to be in like I feel
so bad for her
cuz again she puts into work like she's
worked so hard to you know to be you
know part of the influence you know to
be a positive you know positive force in
society and then she gets trapped
defending Joe Biden and then he gets a
me-too thing that she's gotta she still
hanging in there
god bless her anyway president said that
he's gonna put a hold on the funding for
the World Health Organization I tell you
this president knows knows what's
popular because putting a hold of the
the World Health Organization funding is
very popular right now cuz I don't know
what's up with that group but it's not
good there's something rotten there but
here's the part that I found the best
you know do you remember when people
made fun of president Trump's simple
speaking style you know it was simple
half sentences and there's repetition
and using simple words and stuff but it
is so powerful that I swear when when
I'm watching him sometimes I mean he
does a lot of talking in public and I'm
not gonna say it's all it's all
brilliant but he has flashes of
brilliance and flashes of humor that
really are special and this made me
laugh when he was talking about putting
the funding hold on the World Health
Organization you guys were putting a
hold on it it's a powerful hold a
powerful hold was that
what makes a hold on funding powerful
because all you have to do is tell the
Treasury not to write a check
is there a weak form of that what's the
weak form of putting on the hold
well minuchin maybe you could consider
like I don't know maybe slowing down ish
maybe putting a hold on the funding well
would that be the opposite of a powerful
hold or is a powerful holds like
venusian we shouldn't get over here
put down your briefcase manoosh you come
over here you put a hold on those funds
I'm not talking about a regular hold I'm
talking about an extra duty hold I'm
talking about metal platinum silver gold
we're going for everything this is the
hold of all holes this must be powerful
I'm talking 220 volts serious power hook
it up to the Tesla and floor it powerful
powerful hold some other news that's no
news at all but it's interesting is that
adviser Peter Navarro we're learning now
wrote a letter warning about the dangers
of the coronavirus back at the end of
January I think January 29th was the key
letter and so the so the press is trying
to turn this into a story but there
isn't one there and they keep poking and
prodding and slicing but no matter how
they look at it and no matter what kind
of light they shine on it there's
literally nothing there now there's new
information but they're looking for you
know who did some wrong or who didn't
listen to somebody or was there an
internal debate there I mean they're
looking for some meat but here's the
best they can get and the president's
doing a good job of you know swatting
this fly away here's the problem Navarro
was completely right because now some
time is going by and we can see that
anybody who is warning
about it in a dire way at the end of
January they were among the people who
were the most right most early now I
beat him by a few days but who's
bragging I am but Navarro was right and
so now because it's hindsight we could
say totally right like that guy that guy
totally nailed the risk and he he warned
and tried to warn the right people now
the president said he didn't see the
memo which I think you could conflate
with you know didn't remember it it
could have been summarized to him could
have been summarized to him from another
aide who forgot to mention what the memo
was from somebody could said hey Pete
Navarro says this but then the president
forgets who said it first yeah there so
there are a million possibilities that
are reasonable explanations of why the
president doesn't have a specific memory
you've seen letter he's a busy guy a lot
of opinions flying around there so
they're trying to find something that's
wrong with the timing except Navarro's
letter warning about it happened to be
just about exactly the same time that
the president closed closed the flights
from China so there's just no space to
find the disagreement because even
though Trump says he wasn't aware of
Navaro his opinion he says navara was
really smart and he was thinking the
same thing at the same time and it's
obvious that he was because he acted on
it he closed closed the flights so
there's just nothing there but man
watching the press pick it away at this
is like if we get the you this maybe
describe it differently we can find
something in the way you're saying it
that it was just somebody should have
done something differently in the past
as if it matters now but it doesn't
alright I'm gonna take some questions
I believe my technology will work let's
see who is waiting to ask me a question
and if you've been here for a while you
may be thinking
that you're surprised that you're gonna
be added Harrison do you have a question
for me hello Harrison Scott is gone
good good do you have questions for me
yeah do a quick question on skill stacks
I know something you talked about a lot
of curious if there are any emerging
skills within a skill stack that you're
seeing happen over the past couple of
years that you might anticipate being
important in the future persuasion I
would say persuasions the big skill
stack and I'm a big fan of design
because you can learn the basics of
design sort of 80% of it in about an
hour
it's the other 20% they have to go to
school for four years four but you could
get the basics because we're all
designers now we're all you got to build
a website you got a comment and
somebody's after developing you know
you've got to put together a PowerPoint
slide deck so yeah so I'd say design and
persuasion you know communication and
writing in general writing and speaking
but did you notice that because of the
coronavirus you've got all these people
doing video stuff like I'm doing now and
did you notice how many people are not
good at oh yeah yeah and even the people
who were experts at being on TV let's
say a Joe Biden if he put Joe Biden in a
classic you know television situation he
performs well but that little bit of
transition into the live streaming world
with just just that little bit of
difference in what it is you found that
some people can do it and some can't
and watching the watching the people who
can make the transition who can't so I
think the world of appearing on video is
going to be far more important obviously
because we'll do be doing more remote
stuff and people who are good on video
will have a big advantage so I think I
think learning to do this like literally
what I'm doing right now learning to do
this even if you're just talking to your
core
kurz are presenting to a customer or
something it's probably gonna be one of
the biggest skills because talking on on
a camera situation is different than
talking in person different than writing
a memo etc alright so anyway thanks
thanks
okay can I follow that up with how do
you weigh that with kind of a
quantitative skill set so quantitative
economics the the real financial
modeling that comes with that it's
required to actually present the
information and visual perspective where
do you weigh that in terms of importance
well it's not so much importance it has
more to do with fit so it'd be like
saying what's the important ingredient
of your minestrone soup and the answer
is well what makes it good is that
they're sort of all together as it's the
blend that makes it good it's not
because the beans were so so awesome so
that's why your skills that guess it's
it's not that there's some boss of all
skills that you know you should just
always start with this one and number
two should always be this one I like to
start with whatever you're already good
at and say all right that's my base
stuff the stuff I'm already good at what
can I add to that that quickly gets me
to a superpower but you know in general
I think economics and business are good
to add to every skill stack as is
persuasion and communication there's
some that go there just always are good
you know adding design communication
those sorts of things to anything is
good alright thank you thank you let's
see once we got here we've got James see
what James has to say
James James do you have a question James
James why do you have a question James
is gone I never know if somebody just
hits the wrong button or they get they
get camera shy let's see if people named
Charlie are never shy that's my rule
Charlie well Charlie disappeared so I
guess that that ruled in lasts very love
let's see if James wants to talk James
James well
James do you have a question James good
fantastic I I really really love that
good but so before you were it's a
question about how to control emotion
how to stop myself from running away
with like anger if you have a trick
that's similar to the 22nd yeah let me
tell you the bad way to do it the way I
did it most of my life is I would break
something and observers would be very
upset because I'd have just some
frustration about nothing important yeah
just some out of the printers out of
paper or something is the last straw and
I'd find that if I just like smash
something to pieces something that
wasn't expensive yeah it was something I
wasn't gonna miss not my computer or
something like that but just break that
crap out of something or let's say your
printer is old and you're thinking of
replacing you there anyway
well I'd throw it at a second-story
window that sort of thing and I found
that it would instantly take my stress
away in a way that I don't think anybody
could understand if they were observing
because it would look like I was so mad
as soon as I break something I go Oh
like you know all these endorphins just
fill me and I'm just completely good
after that
now the problem with that is it scares
the heck out of the paths and anybody
else in the house so don't do that
it was very selfish thing because it
worked really well but you can't do it
if you're a social creature in the world
so let me give you some more practical
advice some of it is from Mel Gibson
actor Mel Gibson now you may have your
opinions about Mel Gibson but he had
this one little tip or at least I heard
it from him they learned an acting
school and an acting school they taught
him that if he wanted to to portray an
emotion that the way to get into that
emotion is to breathe the way that you
would breathe in that situation so if
you wanted to get you know bring
yourself into a state of let's say
anxiety because you know that the ghosts
are chasing you or something you would
breathe the way you would breathe if you
were in that situation and that puts the
rest of your body into that mode it
triggers it so but that can work the
other way as well
so if you concentrate on your breathing
let's say you're starting to get angry
and you just go and you say okay how
would I breathe if I wanted to not be
angry like I'll just pretend to breathe
like a not angry person and what will
happen is it makes you not angry because
your your your mood and your attitude is
so so automatically connected to your
breathing and you don't know it you know
in a conscious level you're not aware of
it but if you move one it moves the
other because they're almost handcuffed
together so that's a little trick so you
just go right to your breathing you
don't have to you don't have to breathe
let me say it this way all you have to
do is pretend to be relaxed and do like
you're an actor just pretend to breathe
freely and you will the other thing I
find is that when you're angry your your
body tenses up so sometimes you
sometimes you just have to you know
broaden your shoulders and stretch your
back you know move your neck around and
just take the take the tension out of
your body
sometimes you just got to
walk I find that you know the the
general tension level you can take off
you know 20% just by taking a nice walk
by yourself with no tension and then
everything's easier you're not going to
get that mad in the first place
so in the comments we have another
suggestion a couple of bomb hits but
that would be up to you and your doctor
so those are the big things and the
others just practice you know I I
definitely have a quick temper you've
probably some of you have seen them but
here's the thing you need to know I
never let my temper get that high unless
it has utility so if I'm doing it on
periscope it's because it's something I
I'm especially interested in making an
impression over so I let it go but I'm
conscious of ramping it up and renting
it down and so I always feel I'm in
control of it even if it doesn't look
look that way so it's very intentional
if I let myself in fact you've seen it
happen you've probably seen it where I
warn you that there's some swearing
coming at the time that I'm warning you
I have not ramped up to full anger yet I
just know it I just know I can and so
once I've warned people to send the
children away I just let myself go and I
can I can feel a raising like a like a
temperature going up 200 and I can do it
almost instantly but I can also you know
bring it back down pretty quickly so
it's not it's not too scary what it
happens anyway I hope that helped a
little bit absolutely thank you so much
I'll try that all right here there's a
good question let's see what Kathy has
to say Kathy how are you
do you have a question free I do so
three years ago
a friend of mine was here we were having
a pool party and she left a bag of
marijuana and I placed it under an
ottoman in this baggie under enter an
ottoman in my back
rustic room next to it fake pine tree
true story and I the other day I
remembered it was there and I pulled it
out and looked at it because it's
probably been 25 years since I've smoked
I looked at it and it's all these buds
and it looks drier than dry though I was
wondering yeah what do you do throw a
leaf of moist lettuce in there and let
it sit overnight or because I'm thinking
if there's ever a time to get crazy well
I I would of course being responsible I
never I never recommend anything like
that that's for your doctor I thought
I'll answer this scientifically so the
scientific answer is this in all
likelihood it still has potency I don't
know if it's a hundred percent but I'm
sure it would get the job done no does
good doesn't it more important and
assuming that it was sealed and in the
bags and nothing there were no bad
things that got in there in all
likelihood the dryness will just affect
the flavor but nothing else is my guess
so so if you don't care about the flavor
not too much no not at this point I
don't think I think we have enough
flavor going on so that's so somebody's
suggesting cooking it but I never
suggest that because everybody I know
who's had a bad experience it was from
animals yeah I get why I don't I
understand you know the advantage
but the disadvantages are pretty big all
right no if it was still or if it was
gonna pop snap you know crack blow up in
my face that kind of thing I I'm not a
doctor I can't I can't wreck recommend
there's safer now safe all saying the
only thing I know for sure is that it
would still be potent that's the only
thing I could be sure you're welcome all
right bye okay getting interesting
questions tonight let's see what Brian
has to say Brian do you have a question
for me right now they especially had a
failed almost everything was was amazing
I thought thank you you're welcome
but the thing that occurred to me
actually is when you talked about the
two like the two screens thing with
they're gonna debate for the end of time
is this a real problem or did we
actually stop the problem and so it's
not like not a lot of deaths manifested
did we dodged a major bullet by having
the persuasive power of a conservative
president Trump instead of a president
Hillary because in my mind a president
Hillary Clinton could never could never
convince conservatives to not think that
this was a government takeover oh yeah
are you going well yes
but I'm not sure you can give the
president that kind of credit because
you know he just happens to be a
Republican and it just happened to you
know do what he did but but you're right
if this is if a if Obama let's say had
asked everybody to stay home and crash
the economy you're right I don't know if
conservatives would have gone along for
the ride so he already pasted them and
he pasted the conservatives trust him
more than probably
well and the other thing he has going
for him which nobody's talking about and
I don't know why which is that it's
entirely possible he bankrupted himself
to save the country or you know to save
you know a million people or whatever
and I don't know if that does so first
of all I don't know if he's gonna
bankrupt Trump properties but it looks
like all the you know the Resort Hotel
properties are gonna struggle but you
know we hope they do okay but the fact
that without even blinking without even
blinking at least you know in public we
didn't see it I think he I think he
destroyed his entire family business to
save people he doesn't doesn't know now
and that's one of the greatest stories
but of course the way things are well
we'll never see it that way it'll always
be cast in some you know small selfish
way but if things work out the way I
think and here's the other thing that I
haven't seen anybody say I always say
that there's no such thing as bad
presidents and good presidents with the
exception of Jimmy Carter it should be
Carter might have been a bad president
but rather I say that by the time
anybody gets to be elected president
they have a certain skill set you know
they're not idiots so is more about the
certain personality and skill set being
matched to the time you know is that the
right person in the right time
I thought Obama was actually a good
president for his time he was well well
sued but what would be the best
president in the world for recovering
quickly from a pandemic I'm sorry say
what you will about you know president
Trump make your criticisms whatever you
want but there is no president you can
even imagine
who is more suited for the moment the
moment being the moment after we get
back to work
the moment where he has to convince us
that everything's okay and getting
better because it's that convincing us
that everything
okay that makes it okay literally the
psychology of the economy is what will
make it or break it and we've never had
a better salesman for the economy
now his critics will say hey you're
lying you're exaggerating you're missing
the facts it's hyperbole and he'll look
right at you and say and it's working
right I'm a cheerleader for the economy
he said that you said it like several
times this week I'm a cheerleader for
the country I'm not gonna apologize for
it I'm gonna keep doing it because it
works and guess what it works it totally
works even when people say well I think
he's exaggerating a little bit he's
still talking happy talk he's still you
know convincing enough people he doesn't
have to convince every person the things
are going right but if he convinces
enough people it starts movement and
then the other people say well looks
like things are going in this good
direction so anyway I think he's a
perfect president for the next moment in
the same way that I've said if I'm being
honest he was not the perfect president
for the very initial stages of this in
the in the empathy and you know making
sure that the country knew he was
feeling the right feelings and stuff he
wasn't perfect for that but man is he
perfect for this this next part so
that's actually gonna be fun I'm looking
forward to just watching that thankfully
thank you so much take care all right
we're gonna do one more and then I'm
gonna go we're gonna take Patrice yes
Patrice has good technology and strong
Wi-Fi Patrice hello do you have a
question for me Patrice yes so um first
thing yeah thanks for your books and
periscopes you you make me and everyone
I talk to feel so much better about all
of this going on my question is
do you think that face masks are really
like going to be in our future and
permanently I always hated looking at
these poor Asian countries and thinking
oh they gotta have these masks and I
really I'll tell you what you know we
don't like things stuck to our face but
suppose we got used to it you know I've
worn glasses all my life
now the first you know a week or two
that you wear glasses for the first time
it's pretty annoying it's hard to get
used to it but I'd say at this point in
my life I'm completely unaware of it so
you can kind of get used to things so
that's the first question could we get
used to wearing masks maybe not exactly
the masks that are on the market but
let's say let's say them the market
started delivering better masks view
that's a fashion sense and maybe so I'm
a seamstress and I'm kind of looking at
you know I've been waiting for studies
of efficacy about what to make that's
actually helpful and I'm also kind of
thinking well maybe I could take
advantage of the fact that this might be
around for a while and you know I could
I could I have something I can offer the
world you know well I don't know how
long it'll be and of course the big
companies will jump in and you know take
all the profit margin and eventually but
the years where I was going with this
and by the way hello Christina I saw you
sneaking in there my fiance just came on
watching us so here's where I think have
you noticed that we're we're slowly
moving toward becoming cyborgs because
you know I I've done this example before
so first of all you know cyborg is part
machine for a human so already I have
you know corrective lenses and someday
they'll have you know augmented reality
in them
I've already got my you know my ear buds
so you know if I have these in their
microphones and earphones and I can see
the mask turning in to have more more
functions it would be easy to imagine
that a mask is just always clear
cleaning the air I mean I can imagine
them building in a little lie
electronics so that you're actually
breathing cleaner air than the air
that's in the room
I could imagine having a microphone
built into the mask so that you could
talk on the phone and it would be
muffled enough that the people around
you couldn't even hear you which would
be really cool I don't know if that's
even possible but it'd be really cool so
the the long version is we are slowly
turning into cyborgs and I am convinced
that whether these regular face masks
last or not there's gonna be just more
augmentation than the head and you know
arm and leg area you know everywhere we
can add some advantage in technology and
adaptation I think we will so I think
Mass will be around probably for a year
and be a fun thing for you to you know
rip off a few good mask I would put I
would go for an American flag keep it
you know keep it you know patriotic yeah
there's one way but you know everybody's
gonna want their own version of it so
you know have fun with it anyway that's
all for tonight I am going to wind it up
now thank you for the question and want
to see if let me see if Cristina
Cristina why don't you ask to be invited
on there's a guest so I can bring you on
well I don't think that's going to
happen all right that's it for tonight I
will see you in the morning and I will
hope you have a great night