buh-buh-buh-buh-buh I'll buy it up about
bump-bump-bump oh look at my wrinkly
shirt hey everybody come on in here
Peter good to see you dude wild man
Simon what a pleasure
do you have what I have I hope you do
because you know you came here for the
simultaneous that's the best part of the
day doesn't take much
did you bring perhaps a cup or a mug a
snifter stein jealous tanker thermos
flask canteen Grail goblet vessel of any
kind did you fill it with your favorite
liquid like I did I like coffee and will
you join me now for the simultaneous sip
the thing that connects all people the
dopamine to the day the thing that makes
everything better here it comes
the simultaneous scent oh yeah yeah yep
that's the good stuff right there keep
it on the coffee warmer it's gonna be
just perfect alright so the news is
gonna start slowing down quite a bit as
we enter the holiday season so you might
have to come up with new things to talk
about but first have you sampled my new
book loser think people are saying it's
the best book I've ever written changing
people's lives changing their brains
reprogramming them making them better
people sometimes that makes them sexier
and better-looking but that's anecdotal
I think you're gonna like it
so make sure you get one of those as a
gift for your loser thinking relatives
it'd be a good way to make Thanksgiving
a little bit more interesting if you
know what I mean so I'm gonna make a
prediction about the impeachment I
suppose the fact that I call it as she
impeachment my to give away my
prediction but it goes like this
in a legal context and I'm gonna extend
this to the impeachment process which is
not a legal process but the the point
will stand in a legal process if
reasonable people look at the same
information and some of those reasonable
people say well there's a horrible crime
right there
and other reasonable people just as
qualified let's say lawyers look at the
same information completely the same
information and say I don't see it I'm
looking at why you're looking I don't
see a crime you can pretty much
guarantee nobody's going to jail over
whatever that thing is if lawyers can't
even agree even after they've agreed on
the facts they still can't agree if
there's a crime because it looks
ambiguous nobody goes to jail for that
we don't have a system that puts you in
jail for things that well it might be a
crime but some smart people can tell
that you just never go to jail for that
likewise with impeachment the fact that
you don't see any any Republicans
defecting sure they'll say it was
inappropriate they'll say we shouldn't
have done it
bla bla bla bla but you don't see any
Republican say you know I'm looking at
the information and there's there's an
impeachable offense right there you just
don't see it that's all you need to know
I don't believe there's gonna be
surprises coming now if we get surprised
with new information of course I could
change things but based on what we know
now which seems unlikely to to be in the
process of changing I would say it's
over I I would say that the smart money
says there's just nothing there and
that's the end of it and the Senate will
vote and it will be dismissed and
there's nothing but a political process
which I think mostly you know
so Jennifer Williams oh by the way the
the generic way to express what I just
said is I like to use the elephant in
the living room example if a bunch of
people are in the living room and half
of them say hey there's an elephant
right there in the living room right in
front of you you could just reach over
and touch it right there and the other
half say I don't see it and they're in
the same living room there's no elephant
there you can pretty much rely on the
fact that a hallucination adds things to
the scenery rarely I won't say never but
rarely do you hallucinate that
something's missing the rarely could you
stand in the living room and simply not
see the elephant that's standing in
front of you
anything could happen but that would be
very rare so the fact that there are a
lot of people who clearly clearly see
impeachable offenses while other people
looking at the same information saying
yeah obviously I think it just tells you
all you need to know that it will not be
impeachable so let's say that that's
already done here's another here's
another prediction it spits on Iran now
predicting that Iran will have a
revolution or they'll change their
government there's always a dicey
proposition because anybody who's
predicted that for the last 20 or 30
years has been wrong but here's a little
predictive piece of information so
there's some apparently pretty bad
economic protests going on in ran banks
have been burned businesses have been
burned people are in the streets and
it's mostly about the price of gasoline
and oil I guess went way up the
government raised those prices so but
here's the predictive part Iran turned
off the exterior the external internet
so you can still use the Internet to get
the stuff within Iran but they can no
longer get from or the Iranian internet
and the rest of the world
how did you see where this is going
there there are two conditions which
guarantee that the Iranian regime will
fall two conditions one is if they leave
internet access for their people if you
give the people in Iran internet access
they will eventually organize they'll
figure out what's going on and they will
change their own government so the one
way you can guarantee that in the long
run it might not happen tomorrow but in
the long run you can guarantee that Iran
will change is if they have access to
the Internet and a fully unfettered
internet the second way that Iran is
guaranteed to change its leadership
whether they like it or not is if they
close down the internet there's only two
conditions they leave it open in which
case they don't have a chance or they
close it in which case they don't have a
chance because the Iranian population
skews very young yeah so excuse very
young what happens when people who were
very young have a taste of the internet
and then the government takes it away
from them how does that go over it
doesn't go over a well at all so I think
there are two conditions the guarantee
of the Iranian regime will change and
those are the only two conditions either
have the internet or you don't either
way they're doomed
there's just question of how long it
takes so I think the ayatollahs age and
health will be the big factor here
he'll probably hang on as long as he's
healthy but that might not be that long
it could be a few years I give him five
years I give him five years before the
Iranian regime turns into something
different all right there's a shocking
poll a shocking poll that's saying that
a poll of 16 to 24 year-olds found that
28% had never heard of Stalin
laughs had never heard of Lenin and 70%
had never heard of no see top is that
surprising no not even a little here's
the question you should ask young people
and when I say young I'll say anybody
under 30 anybody under 30 ask this
question how many people died in World
War two for all countries in the world
both civilian and military how many
people died in World War two I've been
asking this question for 20 years 30
years I've been asking this question
what do you think young people say when
he asked them how many people died in
World War two sometimes they say
thousands right sometimes they say
thousands sometimes and this is rare
they'll say maybe a million maybe a
million people the correct answer is
about 60 million 60 million if they say
a million you should remind them now the
Holocaust alone was six million now if
somebody says six million they're
mistaken because they're confusing the
Holocaust with all of World War two
it was a subset six million is just your
starting point if you count China Russia
and all those deaths us etc Europe it's
about 60 million now if you don't know
that should you be allowed to vote this
seems like that should be the the
minimum requirement you know if somebody
is somebody at Gaston I don't know 20 or
30 million and the real the real number
is 60 million I wouldn't hold that
against them because the difference
between you know twenty and thirty
billion dying and 60 million is of
course double but it's the same point
that in other
or two would be the worst thing we could
ever have whereas if you think only a
few thousand people died
do you mind another war obviously a few
thousand people and a seven billion you
wouldn't even notice it so the fact that
young people don't know that communism
and some form of socialism have killed
tens of millions of people certainly a
problem somebody says you looked it up
in at 73 million you know I know that
number keeps getting raised I haven't
heard this I've never heard 73 million
but it could be right again it doesn't
matter if it's 60 million or 73 million
it's sort of the same point all right
and the interesting thing is happening
now let's talk more about the
impeachment so special adviser to Mike
Pence Jennifer Williams apparently told
the house impeachment dudes and dudettes
quote Trump's the Trump request that
Ukraine open a Biden probe was unusual
and inappropriate right so somebody out
Pence's team said at the time that the
Trump requests to look into Biden in
Ukraine was unusual and inappropriate
now what is the job of an advisor
advisers don't really advise you to do
crazy things
advisers usually just try to keep you
out of trouble right so for an adviser
to say hey that's unusual and
inappropriate that's just sort of doing
their job now what would be the
personality of an entrepreneur an
entrepreneur is always doing things that
are unusual and sometimes inappropriate
if you look at some of the major
corporations in the world when they were
startups their founders were doing
things that were unusual and
inappropriate pretty
much all the time I'm not going to name
names but if you look into your history
of your big tech companies you're gonna
find some interesting unusual and
inappropriate behavior so the
entrepreneurial mind doesn't have the
same same number of limitations the
political advisors mind is all about the
limitations it's all about what you
can't do
so are we worried that Jennifer Williams
had the feeling that this was unusual
and inappropriate I don't mind saying it
was unusual do you inappropriate just an
opinion as somebody is saying in the
comments inappropriate is an opinion now
shouldn't you need to backup
inappropriate with why isn't the why
missing here's the difference between an
entrepreneur and a political animal are
you ready hey Scott you can't do that
that's inappropriate and unusual as an
entrepreneur I say I know that but
what's the downside
well it's unusual I know it's unusual
that's why I'm doing it because if
everybody else was doing the same thing
I wouldn't make any sense so I know it's
unusual why is it inappropriate well
it's just not done no you already said
that
you said it was unusual tell me what the
problem is
you know it's inappropriate in what way
in what way that affects something or
costs me money or hurts me my reputation
or something well it's just not done
okay you're just replacing words with
other words you're still not hearing a
reason so so here I'm role playing an
entrepreneur if you tell an entrepreneur
that the entrepreneurs plan which looks
like a good plan except that it's
unusual
other people think it's inappropriate
but they can't tell you why maybe you go
ahead and do it anyway in the political
context you don't like to do things that
are inappropriate but in the real world
those are the people who are getting
stuff done the people were the people
we're seeing there let's say they're the
people who see their prison walls as
illusions those people will do unusual
things things that look inappropriate to
people in other bubbles that isn't
appropriate I can't think of a reason
why but I'm sure it's inappropriate all
right
so I wouldn't worry too much about the
Sham Pietschmann having any real effect
here's something to worry about if
you're a trump supporter Pete Buddha
judge now Pete because he got a good hot
good high poll numbers in Iowa suddenly
looks more practical doesn't he suddenly
looks more practical but a judge only
needed one thing the only thing he
needed was for the public to think he
had a chance because they want to win
more than anything so the fact that he
pulled well in Iowa tells tells
Democrats that he could he could
actually win it's the first time they've
really felt that I would say it's the
first time I felt it you know I always
thought he had the capability but he
didn't have any kind of a momentum he
just he hadn't set the table right
through no fault of his own the polls
just weren't there for him but now they
are so you only need that one poll to
make it look like you're credible now
some have said he might he might do well
in Iowa New Hampshire but when he gets
to South Carolina with a large black
vote he's gonna run into a wall maybe
maybe we'll see I don't know that the
average person you know and certainly
not the average black
in the United States I don't think they
know much about it and the complaints
about him are a kind of smallish I think
he fired a black police chief when he
took over as mayor but that was just one
personnel decision I don't think that
really was race so he's got minor
complaints but he's a Democrat he's
always on the right side with all the
race stuff so well I got a feeling he's
gonna make a he's gonna make quite a
play for the nomination that's what I
think compared to Bloomberg Bloomberg is
starting out his may be running maybe
not campaign maybe not a campaign by
apologizing for his past decisions on
stop and frisk there there's a good way
to run for president well I'd like to
start running for president by
apologizing for all the stuff I did
before it's like what he's most famous
for in some ways so I don't see the 77
year-old who's starting his campaign by
apologizing as being a credible
candidate Bill Maher had an interesting
monologue at the end of his show before
they before they go into hiatus I guess
they take some time off over the
holidays yeah they made a play for
people to figure out how to live with
each other because we sort of have to
hear a means the left of the right the
Democrats and the Republicans and he
said that he would try to try to tone
down his insults of the other team I
don't know that I believe that because
it's just so much fun to insult the
other team and that's most of his show
so I don't know if he'll be able to
stick with that but I like the fact that
Maher seems to be softening a little bit
softening in terms of you know we must
eradicate the other side and he's
specifically come down on the side of
okay we're not going to eradicate them
we have to figure out how to live
together I call that progress I've been
saying for a while that I think and you
know this would be a risky prediction
but it looks like Marv is on this long
slow journey to being closer to a trump
supporter than a detractor he's not
there but you you see these little these
little movements away from the craziness
of the left because surely he's watching
the impeachment and saying to himself
okay you know maybe I would played it
that way if I were president maybe I
didn't want the president to play it
that way but it doesn't look like an
impeachable offense and I got a feeling
that bar is looking at this and I don't
want to read his mind I'm just saying
that any reasonable observer watching
this could start having some doubts
about about well either side if they
wanted to all right so those are the
things that are happening right now
Oh Prince a the Prince Andrew story gets
funnier so Prince Andrew of course was
associated with epstein and apparently
the reason that Prince Andrew stayed at
Epstein's house even after epstein was
convicted of pedophile behavior is that
he said he was just too honorable he was
Prince Andrew was just too honorable
person what that didn't make any sense
but okay so he did such a bad job
Prince Andrew did that is his PR person
who quit you have to do a really bad job
to make your your PR person would quit
the peeve of the PR person was like I'm
out wow I can't even associate with this
guy anymore
and then today there's a further report
that Prince Andrew used the N word in
private
some years ago the
let me say this about that probably not
probably not well I don't believe that
Prince Andrew used the N word in private
years ago that's exactly the kind of
story you just you should just discount
no I wasn't there if anything's possible
but it's the sort of story you should
just flush as soon as you hear it just
like okay if you don't have a recording
you know you get a need for a claim like
that I need a little evidence I don't
want to live in a world where people
could just say blah blah blah use the
n-word I'm the only one who heard it
yeah I'm not buying you whether he 7 it
we're not I don't want to live in the
world where people can make that claim
without printing good evidence so I just
discount it alright and we hope he did
not
we hope he did not use that word but I
kind of think he didn't it would be my
guess but if I had to bet more likely he
did that he did thank you somebody
telling me my book is great yeah there's
this weird connection between Andrew and
pizza yeah that's that's a funny
coincidence that the simulation is
served up but yes so like Serta
has been talking about how he wrote
articles essentially identifying the
whistleblower as a leaker back in 2017 I
looked at the I reread what he wrote
that and he was totally on it I can tell
you the back end at the very beginning
of the administration I was hearing from
my sources that McMasters was sort of
the problem and then time seems to have
bored that I know so I won't use the
name of the whistleblower just because
you all know it anyway
I don't need to cause trouble for myself
you although the date and it doesn't
look like the whistleblower is credible
even a little bit
somebody says Tulsi reached 90% of the
you guys pole and that would be
interesting and who would that come out
of I'll have to go take a look at that
pole so I would expect Tulsi and Buddha
jej to both be making the move maybe
even Club a char because Biden was gonna
disappear and his support has to go
somewhere
all right I don't have much else to say
today so we won't say it either all
right I still haven't made a time to
talk to Tulsi Gabbard on periscope
but her campaign did follow up a few
times so I know it's on their list of
things I wanted to sort of a scheduling
thing all right what about the stone
garden well as I tweeted I think the
Roger stone pardon would be the easiest
part of all time because the president
would be able to completely control the
narrative at that point because you're
going to talk about that you can't you
can't not talk about that and I think
his case for stone is really good
because because stone was lying in a
process that was a witch hunt so if you
get caught lying to stop a witch hunt
well no lying to stop a witch hunt it's
not the worst crime that I would
certainly see a a part being in order
why not Flynn I would think Flint would
get pardoned at the same time if the
President does the pardons you should do
it at the same time because because it
makes it a bigger story and it's a
better story if they if you do it at the
same time
I probably will come after the IG report
I'm starting to think the stupid IG
report is just never gonna come is there
any reason we're waiting this long I
don't know maybe the IG report will be
interesting maybe not I'm not going to
assume that it will be it'll break the
world and a half let's talk about George
Conway
so Kelly encountered a husband George it
was a big anti chopper there there is
something to be said about choosing your
critics and I gotta say the president is
really lucky and that his critics are
such well say they're not TV friendly if
your worst critics are George Conway
Adam Schiff and dad ler that's a good
place to be I would want those three
people to be my critics because they're
they're so non sympathetic I mean it's
hard to say yeah I'm with those guys
because they look like people you
wouldn't want to hang out with that
I would do just reading your comments
here how can George Conway still be
married
well here's the thing you never know
what the real dynamics of a marriage are
so I don't I don't judge any of that who
knows there's something there's
something about that marriage that we
don't understand and that's all you need
to know you don't need to understand it
I saw a little bit of bars speech just a
clip did seem too important
okay just reading your comments all
right that's all I got now and I will
talk to you later