bad but it's just drifting down but the
good news is you're about to have the
show of all
shows probably better than anything
you've ever seen
[Music]
[Music]
good morning everybody and welcome to
coffee with Scott Adams the highlight of
human civilization if you'd like to take
your experience up to levels that nobody
can even understand with their tiny
shiny human brains all you need for that
is a cuper mugar glass a tankered
shellin a canteen sugar flask a vessel
of any kind fill it with your favorite
liquid I like coffee and join me now for
the unparallel pleasure the dopamine of
the day the thing makes everything
better today might be coming with a
commercial message don't look at
it delicious that's right 2025 calendar
dber calendar it's available only at the
link on dilbert.com it's not going to be
on any other place you got to go to
dilbert.com and see the link made in
America anyway other uh other news uh
you might know that uh The Young Turks
Jen
yuger had uh asked for somebody to
debate somebody to say that Trump was
the right answer for the country and I
was a little bit slow on responding to
some emails because I
volunteered so I missed I missed my spot
I I overbooked so I couldn't do it on
Thursday which is tomorrow and I think
he has some other some other people who
volunteered to do that but I will be a
guest on The Young Turks on Monday so
I'll still get
to talk about the same topic but it will
be Monday uh I believe The Young Turks
starts at 8:00 pm uh Easter time on
Monday so I'll be a guest and again um I
I just I'm a fan without agreeing with
his opinions of Jen because I just like
his mental flexibility and I like the
fact that he'll talk to anybody and he
doesn't seem to be afraid of anything at
least in the conversation realm so I
just kind of like that so it doesn't
matter if we agree I can I can still
appreciate
that anyway there's a uh study according
to s poost that excessive news
consumption predicts increased political
hostility huh so the more you look at at
the news the more you hate
people you probably know what I'm going
to say but I'm going to say it anyway
you didn't really need to study that you
could have just asked me Scott we were
going to spend a bunch of money on a
study to find out if watching the news
makes you hate people and I would say
yes if you spend five minutes looking at
the news well no we haven't well you
should do that why don't you just spend
5 minutes looking at the news and you
tell me if you don't hate the world more
oh good we'll just save some money we'll
do it your
way again everybody in the me in the
scientific Community just ask me first I
can save you a ton of
money that whole study
unnecessary meanwhile according to
scitech this will sound like the
smallest
story way bigger than you think it is
way bigger apparently you know science
has been trying to create an artificial
nose for a long time and they can kind
of do it but it's real complicated and
has lots of you know lots of components
and stuff but apparently now there's a
way to make a simplified very effective
way to use some kind of an antenna and
send out some kind of a signal and see
what kind of a signal you get back and
that will tell you what smells or gases
in the in the air and it does it really
well
so pretty soon your robots going to be
able to smell
things this is a bigger deal for me
because I don't have a sense of smell
you I lost my sense of smell some time
ago and uh if I had a robot in my house
I would want the robot to be able to
know if there's a gas leak because you
know the gas leak smells like rotten
eggs but I can't smell it uh I I was
once years ago in my first marriage I
was in a condo and step kids were doing
their thing and I was doing my thing and
uh my my axe was out for the day doing
whatever and she comes home and she
walks in the door and she's like my God
you know open the windows the house is
going to blow up you know it's filled
with gas and I said
really couldn't smell a thing but appar
but she could and so we we managed to
not blow up the entire block but there
had been I think the
the pilot or something on the on the
oven was on so yes I need a robot that
can smell some stuff uh they might even
be able to sniff out
disease but think of the other things it
could
do imagine if you had this smelling
antenna in
your location and then some criminals
come in and they do some crimes but
there's no
video would it be possible to to use the
electronic
nose to then get a sample from the perss
should you ever catch them and and see
if they're guilty based on their smell
because you may have recorded their
smell at the location and there would be
it's probably like a
fingerprint so there's a whole bunch you
know if you assume that smell is like
for humans the the underappreciated
sense you know my dog has super smell it
if we had robots with super smell
I feel like a whole bunch of things
would happen that you don't see coming
so I think it's a big
deal and you should trust science and I
uh I encourage you to always believe
science whatever science says it's all
true if science says
it our next story is a n is from nature
the publication turns out that the
journals with the high rates of
suspicious papers flagged oh so there's
this startup that has some kind of
mechanism for
determining uh which of the scientific
papers are bogus it's called Argos Argus
that's the name of the startup or the
system that looks for uh research papers
that look like they're not good let's
see uh how many do they find I mean
there can't be that many right because
we we all trust
science so I mean sure nothing's perfect
but if it's science probably you know
I'd be worried they they might find like
a dozen papers or so that are just made
up I mean imagine how shocking that
would be if they found like you know
maybe 20 science papers that were just
made up that would really rock your
confidence wouldn't it but imagine if it
was like
50 you what what if they found 50
science papers that had been accepted as
peer-reviewed and then turned out to be
just totally false I mean you can't you
know see how many was it um they flagged
more than
40,000 high risk and 180,000 medium risk
papers and they've indexed more than
50,000 retracted
papers okay that's a little worse than I
thought it
was now these are just flag the 40,000
high-risk but the but the tool is saying
that there are 40,000 papers that you
probably shouldn't count
on now let me ask you
this suppose I created this system on
paper and it never existed before it
goes like this if you want to be a
scientist you got to publish papers well
all right so far so good yeah that makes
sense because then you can tell if the
scientists are you know really up on
their field and stuff good yeah
scientists should be able to publish
things that we're going to have a peer
review there'll be other scientists who
will look at it not not to totally make
sure that's fine but to weed out you
know obvious quacks and stuff and I
think to myself yeah that makes sense
that does make sense yeah uh and now
we're going to give an incentive
structure to the scientists
that they will make lots of money if
they publish but they won't make lots of
money if they don't oh okay well yeah I
suppose anything that you want to be
done you want to have a little Financial
incentive for sure so sure sure now how
do you think that's going to turn
out well if you dropped a weasel into
that situation they would say what if I
just make up a bunch of papers make them
look like they're good
send them to my buddy who's the cousin
of my brother-in-law to do the peer
review he probably won't even look at it
or I'll send it to somebody who always
says yes and they'll definitely get peer
reviewed and then I'll get huge bonuses
and I'll be paid to speak at
events what would stop you from doing
that well apparently not much because
you don't hear about people who are
shamed forever because their papers
didn't you know were retracted
so it seems to me that even on paper
what that should have left led to given
the financial incentive eventually all
science will be
fake because the fake science is so easy
and it pay so well that eventually it
will just overwhelm anything that's real
and even if there is some real stuff you
wouldn't be able to find it it' be it'd
be lost in all the the wrong stuff so
even on
paper this guarantees that science would
go off the rails now I don't have a
better idea you know there might be a
better idea out there maybe this Argo
system is part of it but uh even on
paper that was going to lead to Doom
pretty much
guaranteed um according to modernity
which is some kind of publication I
think uh witches are complaining on the
Reddit uh platform I guess a lot of
witches on the Reddit platform um
they're complaining that they can't cast
spells on Trump because quote he has
some kind of protection around him so
the witches are trying to put spells on
him but they're not getting through got
some kind of
protection so sounds like they're on to
me but uh I'll try to keep protecting
Trump from The Witches uh it's taking a
lot of energy but so far so far my
protect to spell is holding let's let's
see if that continues don't tell The
Witches by the way don't don't tell them
what's going on but I've got a little
protective bubble around trump it does
uh it can it can deflect a bullet you
know if a bullet is heading at his head
I can I can move it just off base maybe
hit his ear a little bit but I can't do
everything I mean it's not magic oh it
is Magic yeah it's magic it'll work
fine Wall Street Journal is now suing
Jeff Bezos back perplexity app I keep
talking about this app because this is a
rare
thing um usually when I try an app I
would say one out
of 20 of the apps that I try I end up
continuing to use they're usually
overrated or they're for some specific
purpose or you know they don't work or
something
but I tried this perplexity app it's the
one that is sort of AI plus
search and I can't go
back if if you spend five minutes using
perplexity and by the way I was getting
so annoyed because whenever I brought up
something about Google search the people
in the comments would say try perplexity
you'll if you try it you'll never go
back it's so good why haven't you tried
perplexity and of course my brain was
doing the one in 20 thing yeah there's a
one in 20 chance I might like that app
you're talking about that I've never
heard of and I don't know what it does
but eventually I said to myself there's
so much yapping about this app I got to
try this app when you got a lot of Yap
you got to try the app you that's what I
say so I tried it and
um it is so sticky
wow so let me let me tell you
how I get ready in the morning a common
thing I do I used to try to talk to AI
regular AI like Chad GPT but there's
almost nothing I want to talk to AI
about that doesn't require it to have
access to the internet to look something
up tell me what's new tell me the
weather anything I have no interest in
its General patterns of
words yes you have General patterns of
words you're not a person and you do not
have information that is reliable so
what are
you what's what's even the point of AI
at least for you know casual use I I
don't even know
so but if you use
perplexity uh it doesn't have
conversation mode but you can you know
push a button to talk and you can push
another button to listen to what it says
so I'll do things like I'll have some
thing in my head and I'll be push the
button they'll say is it true that the
the Moon is really made of cheese and
that somebody found that out in the 50s
whatever it is I'm just making that up
and uh it cogitates for a moment and
then I pick push the speaking button and
then it gives me a little a little
customized news
report and it's
great it's just great and uh everything
I ask it shows me the sources doesn't
seem to
it doesn't seem to show me any sponsored
stuff but maybe it does it just doesn't
have anything
labeled um so I'll be I'll be real
interested to see if these big uh media
entities can kill it um and why wouldn't
they be going up to
Google is there something that
perplexity is doing that Google doesn't
do routinely Google shows the the big
Publications shows a link to it right
they both just summarize them and show
link
so I don't know sounds like there might
be something behind these lawsuits
that's more than just protecting
intellectual
property well Nicole Kidman who's 57
years old which is important to this
story she's uh doing a new movie in
which she's an older woman having an
intense love affair with a younger man
and the story is that uh she had to
pause the filming it's called baby girl
that's the name of the movie she had to
pause the filming because she didn't
want to orgasm anymore because she was
getting so aroused by the sex scenes
that she was having so many orgasms that
she just had to take a
break now ladies and
gentlemen I give you the best marketing
campaign for any movie in the history of
movies do you believe that she was
having continuous orgasms
with people in the room not having real
sex and moving the camera angles and
move your elbow and you're on my hair
and can you can you turn a little bit in
this direction I do not I do not no I no
I do not believe that she had any
orgasms while she was filming it I do
believe that as soon as I read she had
so many orgasms filming it I said to
myself well make a mental note I might
want to watch it I might want to watch
sh
so oh my God that's good marketing so
I'm going to give Nicole Kidman my uh
highest grade for
persuasion I don't care if it's true by
the way it's a movie right she's
creating a piece of fiction if she used
the P you know if if she used the piece
of fiction to Market her piece of
fiction I'm okay with that I'm totally
okay with that it's Fiction it's fun
it's entertainment if if part of the
entertainment is some you know BS in the
marketing that's fine it's just part of
the show go
ahead meanwhile Boeing expects to make a
big third quarter loss and they've also
got a big strike coming and I think they
had a they had a satellite blow up and
they don't know why and so boeings have
a lot of problems I did hear somebody
speculate that Boeing's problems may not
be totally organic meaning that um if
you were China and you were trying to
compete with the United States and you
were trying to compete especially in the
the really important areas such as um
not just manufacturing but manufacturing
of high-tech stuff like
Airlines um and China has some new
competitor to the Boeing
products that you would try to get your
competitor to embrace
Dei now I don't have any evidence that
China is behind the Dei practices of
Boeing because if they were they'd have
to be behind the Dei of everything in
America and then I
say but are
they the the thing about
Dei is that it's no more believable as
an organic thing than black lives matter
or antifa were and those were B both
fake as far as I know I mean it's no
more believable than the the Patriot
front so I don't know I I do suspect
that there's at least the possibility so
again this is recreational speculation
this not based on any knowledge that
someday we might find out that one of
our regional adversaries and I'll say
just economic
adversary um may have planted the Dei
flag in America to see what damage it
could do uh because they knew they
wouldn't be they wouldn't have the same
problem in their country so it wouldn't
spread to them it would be the ideal
virus yeah when I call it a virus now
you get it don't you because when the
actual virus came out of China was
really really bad for people but Dei is
basically a mental virus You Know M
virus and it's one that China is immune
to they're immune to
it so they could unleash that virus on
the rest of the world and they would
dominate all manufacturing forever and
essentially dominate the world without
conquering anybody militarily so they
could conquer most of the western world
with a Dei virus does that mean that
they were behind it no it doesn't it
does mean that if you came to me and
said uh Scott you're the you're the head
of
China and I've got this plan to dominate
all manufacturing of high-tech and
everything else so that we'll
effectively run the world because nobody
can operate without our products here's
what we'll do we'll we'll fund anything
that has to do with Dei and of course
the people taking the money will be
happy to take the money and spread it
and that will make people feel really
guilty if they're not accepting this
thing that's so obviously good for
everybody and it'll be like a virus and
it will destroy Manufacturing in the
United States without benefiting anybody
so even the Dei people thought hey it's
going to lift everybody up to equity it
would in fact crash the industry so
everybody's poor but about the same we'd
all be poor and starving and cannibals
so I don't have any reason to believe
that China was behind Dei but again on
paper if somebody had brought that idea
to me and I were in charge of China I
definitely would have implemented that
idea and said you know what I think this
little idea virus will destroy the
United States at least as a manufacturer
superpower well so you never know
there's a
uh there's a video that's coming out of
Seattle uh PJ media has it um and it
apparently shows
um the ballot machine not working so
this is
Oregon uh
and here here's what I want to say about
that that I wouldn't trust any of the
anecdote total election
reports so there are other stories of
machines that are reversing votes I
don't quite believe those because
they're a little bit on the nose they
don't seem to ever get any like major
media
backing uh and I wouldn't be surprised
if it happened once and that maybe
there's some process where it's
immediately corrected or something so I
can't say it I can't say there isn't a
problem
I'm just saying that it would be dicey
to believe any of the individual Reports
most of them will be fake but we don't
know which
ones um I did see a report today I and I
saw the documents I can't be specific
about it but apparently NBC is hopefully
sending out guides to people to tell
them how to vote in their
state and reportedly and I I saw the
screenshot so it's not being made up NBC
has wrong instructions for some New York
State residents it says that to vote by
mail you need a um a witness or a what
do you call it the person who's an
official witness now I think that's not
true but so imagine if you were basing
whether or not you voted on whether you
had a a
witness that's kind of a big mistake
yeah for so I'm taking a few assumptions
my first assumption is that the New
Yorkers do not need a witness to vote by
mail and the second assumption is that
the screenshot I said that I saw that
seemed to come from NBC saying that you
do need it that that would be
incorrect notary sorry yeah the word I
was trying to think is notary so the the
notice was that you need a notary or a
witness and apparently that's just not
true now that's a pretty big problem if
it caused anybody to not vote because
they didn't think they could get a
witness I don't know who came get a
witness but there's always
somebody um so I don't know what to
believe let's see according to uh Byron
York little post on X Gallup did a has
been been studying trust and media for
over the years and apparently the
Democratic Trust in Media and their
confidence in the media spiked in two
years in the recent past do you know
what years the Democrats had the big
spike in believing that the news is
real 2016 and
2017 in the middle of the Russia
collusion hoax the the biggest lies the
media's ever told to you that's when
Democrats trust in the media was
Skyhigh compared to historically and
Republican trust went into the
toilet
now doesn't that settle who the Smart
Ones are
that kind of settles it doesn't it
because these two were not close the
Republicans were completely right and
remain completely right about the fake
news Democrats were completely wrong
they actually trusted the news more
probably because it was on their side
and they wanted to trust it but oh my
God it's like we found the problem
and I I often say you can't really have
a conversation about anything important
with anybody who thinks the news is
real I mean if you believe the
Washington Post is like real news on
politics you would be so lost so
lost well here's your propaganda update
uh remember I tell you that if you know
what happened you don't know anything
but if you know who is involved well you
might know everything
so Bob Woodward who many people were
smarter than me say has always been part
of the intelligence apparatus of the
United States including his uh his his
actions in the uh Watergate stuff but if
that's true does it make sense that he
just went on CNN and said that Joe Biden
might get the Nobel Peace Prize for his
good work in Ukraine for preventing
Americans
to getting into a ground
war does that sound like
something that somebody just thought was
their own opinion and it would be good
to say on
TV or does that sound
like
propaganda and he would think of
himself I can't read his mind so I don't
know what he's thinking but does it look
like that was a real
opinion because he's not stupid
you you don't get to be Bob Woodward if
you're literally just stupid he's not
stupid so why would you say this which
is obviously
ridiculous the only reason you would do
it is propaganda I mean it doesn't have
any news value whatsoever there's no
news it's literally just weird
propaganda let's see is there any other
propaganda
happening so there's publication called
the Atlantic which is owned by Steve
Jobs Widow and
here's here's the
thing we need to make a distinction
between news which is biased and pure
propaganda CNN is
biased but they do show quite regularly
and I give them credit especially
recently they they have Scott Jennings
on almost every night
giving the Republican view of all the
stories and they've got two or three
other people who look like they're
pretty capable uh I forget their names
but they they they're also Republican
voices so whenever there's a panel of
five people they throw in the one
Republican and I don't
mind bias when it's
transparent if you show me five uh left
leing people and one right leing person
at the table I know what you're doing
you're not making it even I get it but
it's also completely transparent you
know when Fox newss does it if they have
you know the the one Democrat at the on
the five and four of them are the the
opposite opinion I'm fine with that
because nobody's hiding anything hey
we're we're leaning in this direction
but we'll let you see the other side now
that is completely different than
something like the
Atlantic the Atlantic is a just a pure
propaganda entity but because they're
both
Publications in some way you know media
entities we we act like they're all
legitimate the Atlantic is not
legitimate and we keep we keep acting
like we should talk about it like it's
one of the media sources it's not really
it's not even close to being anything
like news or just like it's not even
biased news it's just pure propaganda at
least on the political stuff so Jeffrey
Goldberg who these smart people say is
one of the most famous political Liars
in America like he he has a he has a a
history of known gigantic lies where
surely he knew he was lying when he did
it now that's the accusation against him
and uh there a number of specific
examples that the smart people like
Glenn Greenwald who watch this stuff
will give you so if you want to know the
examples follow
Greenwald but his latest hoax is that
General John Kelly says that Trump said
that Hitler did some good things and he
wishes he had some generals like Hitler
or something like that now it doesn't
matter because you know it's made up how
do you know it's made up because it's in
the
Atlantic you don't have to wonder if
it's made up it's in the
Atlantic that's all you need to know it
is John Kelly General Kelly is he a uh
reliable and credible Source no not even
a little bit you would be the opposite
of that based on past experience so no
there's no evidence that any of that
happened it's in the least um the least
credible
outlet and the story is by the least
credible person and the least credible
Outlet so but of course it's news
because propaganda is news to anyway um
we really should have a list of the
things which are not really even trying
you know the Washington
Post sometimes a little bit will show a
little bit of the other side but I think
when it comes to the political stuff you
could call them pure
propaganda they don't seem like they're
trying too hard to show both
sides anyway the latest is that kis will
not be on Joe Rogan but Trump will be I
think on Friday and uh she will not be
on the all-in pod which Trump has
already
done and those are not the wrong
decisions if I were in charge of the
Harris campaign I would tell her not to
do those because she has the option of
only doing
friendlies if you have the option of
only doing
friendlies and not having anything
that's unexpected well why would you why
would you you know she Harris was at
this uh I guess they called it like a
town hall with uh Maria
shriber and uh somebody in the audience
asked if they can ask questions and and
Sher told her no the questions are
predetermined so what's the audience for
so they've got an audience of question
askers but the questions are already
written so the audience was there as
props to pretend that the questions have
some you know some
organic organic uh history to them but
Maria was uh at least totally honest in
public and said nope uh you do not get
to ask questions these are pretty
determined so you've got one person
running who is in my opinion the most
capable
Persuader maybe one of the most capable
presidents we've ever
had when people complain about Trump
it's weirdly that he'll be too
capable now they add to the too capable
that he has bad intentions which are not
evident as far as I could tell but if he
add together very
capable with in their view the
propaganda view that he has bad
intentions that could be scary but it's
funny that they've completely stopped
with the you know he's incapable stuff
it's just obvious that he has
capabilities and he has strong strong
capabilities he was President he showed
it we see what Biden's done doesn't look
so good compared to what Trump did so
it's now really clear that Trump was a
highly capable operative maybe you don't
like his policies like if he didn't like
what happened with abortion for example
but nobody says he didn't get it
done nobody says he didn't uh put on the
court people who would get done things
his party wanted so if you just look at
stuff he did even if you don't like it
you still have to say you got it done
now you could argue well he said he'd
build the the wall but he didn't get it
done well that was entirely because
Democrats pulled out all stops to stop
him from doing the thing that even they
want to do now so I mean is that really
if they if they put out if they pull out
all the
stops to prevent you from doing
something that everybody wants
it's not exactly his problem I mean
that's something else going on but
Harris on the other hand is the least
capable candidate for president I think
we've ever seen in American history I
would love to know if historians could
even come up with a second one because
we've got somebody who can't even go to
an interview unless it's a friendly that
they know the
questions that's the lowest level of
capability that's the level that you
could pick anybody at random and they
could
succeed all right we're going to pick
you at random can you read from this
teleprompter um yes yes I can okay good
you can do a rally can you memorize an
answer to a question if we give you a
week to memorize
it yeah yeah I could do that I could do
that well now you can be president of
the United
States it's literally all she can do she
can just take prepared memorized
questions and she can do reading off a
teleprompter and she can do Angry
yelling like Hill Hillary Clinton
did and she can tell a bunch of lies
about the other side nobody she's never
been this is the most incapable
candidate I've ever seen now there may
have been worse ones for congress I'm
sure there have been but we've never
seen anybody this bad in terms of just
minimum
capability yeah I I usually am am
picking you know when I'm looking at
president candidates I usually think I'm
picking something like um their policy
preferences because usually I think well
you know Bush versus
Gore very highly qualified capable
people it really was about the policies
right
um if you looked at you know Clinton
versus
Dole very qualified people highly
qualified so it's about the
policies but this the Comm haris thing
is not about the policy at all it's
about I don't even know if we could
survive having this level of leadership
or lack of it I mean that is bad
stuff all right let me tell you the most
dangerous story of the day you
ready this is under the category of
recreational belief I'm going to tell
you a
tale um but I'm not going to tell you I
believe it I don't disbelieve
it I don't disbelieve it but I
definitely don't believe
it and I'd be looking for your help to
tell me if there's some reason I
shouldn't believe it or some reason I
should
all right so this is based on a post by
uh Patrick burn uh you know him he was
the CEO of
overstock.com but um his resume is very
impressive um I've taken a look at it
and you can tell that he's a really
smart guy and he's been really connected
in a lot of things you know for real so
his his ability to see behind the
curtain would be better than most but
here's what we have to decide
is what I'm going to tell you another
Kraken or is it the
truth because the Kraken is when you
think oh no now I know everything and
then you go out and you talk about it
and then you become Sydney Powell and
then you lose everything and you get
sued and you know now in the end Sydney
Powell I
believe um was shown to be
faultless am I correct
now she was going to lose her license or
something but but I don't think any of
the claims she made about the
election ever became a legal problem
that was confirmed by a court in other
words I don't know that her accusations
were debunked maybe you do I don't know
so I just don't know
but here's roughly what Patrick burn
will tell you look in you can look on
his account and you'll find it today
it's it's brand new just happened hours
ago and it's um a
six-part but small parts you know like
six six minute things something like
that uh in which he describes the little
bit of the history of
Venezuela and how that affects our
elections I know I know I hear your
thoughts I hear them I I get it it's the
Kraken isn't it
it's definitely fake isn't it well I
don't know I have no way to know so I'll
just tell you roughly what he says and
if this doesn't make you interested
enough to listen to the whole
thing then you're dead
inside because the story he tells is so
freaking interesting that recreationally
you're going to love it even if it
turned out you know not to pass the fact
check and I don't know I really don't
know so for for legal purposes allow me
to say the
following every company person or
country that I mention in this
context is just because of something I
heard not because I think it's
true my opinion on whether it's true is
suspended I don't know I really don't
know and usually usually I have a strong
inkling but I don't have inkling on this
one it's really weird so here's the
story
Venezuela is not a regular
government and there for years it's been
a a gay
cartel and that the gay cartel is not
something that's separate from the
government it is actually the government
and that the generals in Venezuela are
the head of the cartel and it's the
richest most powerful for cartel in the
world the president would again also be
head of the cartel
so but here's the fun
part according to Patrick burn the
Venezuelan head of the cartels are
basically a p didy model of male
rape right so the way Venezuela is being
held together is that the people in
charge who are generals or you know
presidents and stuff are literally just
raping the other men to keep them in
line and that it's it's so common that
it's not even like there are a few bad
eggs it's more like the main operating
system of Venezuela is men other
men to keep them under
control is that
true well I would have said that didy
thing wasn't
possible you know prior to the Epstein
stuff I would have said that's not
something that happens in the real
world but I guess it does happen in the
real world I just don't know if it
happens in
Venezuela now the the gay part is
probably more bisexual than gay meaning
that most of them are married probably
have regular marital relations but
apparently there's a lot of male
raping that's the claim now that doesn't
have a lot to do with the bigger story
and again this is Patrick Burns claims
these are not my claims I have no idea
what is true and what's not but the
story goes like this sometime in the
past when the
Venezuelan um cartel wanted to make sure
that they had a good control over
Venezuela it uh sent three Engineers to
start a
company uh software company for election
machines and although they started it in
in the United States so it would look
like a US company registered in Delaware
uh there would actually be sort of under
the control of some Venezuelan
characters and then that software
allegedly um in different forms ended up
in all voting machines so even companies
that have different names and I'm not
even going to name the names because you
know all the names of the companies that
there that the Venezuelan
fake software meaning software that was
designed to rig elections and that was
the only purpose for the company was to
design rig machines and that that rigal
software although it has been Rewritten
in other languages is on all the
machines so that so that there isn't any
voting machine anywhere that doesn't
have Venezuelan software on it now do I
think that's true I don't know well I
don't know it's a of a story it gets
better there's also a claim that the
hardware for most or all these machines
uh which looks like it's coming from
Taiwan is actually from mainland China
and they just launder it through Taiwan
so you think it came from
Taiwan so the claim is that our
elections are determined by Chinese
hardware and Venezuelan cartels
and that every every country that uses
any kind of voting machine is controlled
by Venezuela in other words Venezuela
gets to decide who is the president in
every country that uses voting
machines and that somehow Castro was
part of that as well
now that's a pretty big claim isn't it
so I I can't really wrap my head around
that as all being
true um will say that if you look at the
materials you know you look at the the
video that Patrick burn did by the way I
think he has a book I believe he's got a
book out so maybe this is you know some
of this is related to that
but it all hangs
together so that doesn't make it true
but it would explain so many things and
one of the things I always think about
is that in my world you know I I see the
world through a dilber filter
that whenever I hear something like oh
our CIA is super competent and you know
they got control of everything I always
say to myself do they do they is is the
CIA the one highly capable organization
in the world and everything I've ever
been involved in was a mess but but not
the CIA no everybody's good except you
know everybody's bad except the CIA
they're just they're just nailing it
every year maybe
but the other possibility is that
they're
terrible what if they're
terrible they might be if they're
terrible then it would be entirely
possible that some criminal entity is
running all of our elections and several
of the elections around the world but
the the American version of this is that
the CIA is the one overthrowing all the
countries and you maybe the CIA is
behind the the voting machines now one
possibility
is that that's exactly why the story
exists so that you don't suspect that
the CIA is behind
everything
maybe
so what we what we can't determine and
if any of you have any insight into it
it' be great is is this um the great
reveal or is it just another diversion
so that you don't expect the the real
bad
guys what do you think you you're going
to have to hear the whole video to to
have an informed opinion because I'm
just giving you the highlights but I
feel like it would be reasonably
impossible to confirm the following
facts or to debunk
them number one do we know that the
hardware is made in China and just
labeled as Taiwan there's probably some
source for that I don't know what the
source is
uh is it true if you took every every
voting machine everywhere and looked at
the software even though the language
might be different that it's basically
the same line forline code and that it
came from a Venezuelan
Source those seem like things that you
could possibly find out are true or
false and I haven't so I don't know but
I'll tell you it's it's such a a mind
eer that you know when when the Epstein
thing comes out you have to like change
everything you think about everything
and the Russia collusion story comes out
and you have you have to change
everything about how you see the world
and the the 51 Intel people who said the
uh the Biden laptop thing was fake and
you've got to change everything you're
thinking about the world and then the
Diddy thing comes out and you have to
change everything you think about music
and then this come out right in the
middle of all that and now I have to
change everything I think about
everything if it's
true but if it were a diversion or or a
way to discredit people like me because
if you if I talk about it then I get
discredited later so I've already said
enough that the Atlantic could write a
hit piece about me say that I'm pushing
a story about Venezuelan cartels running
the elections do you see how this works
now this is not something that CNN or
Fox News would do because again they're
biased but they don't operate as a
purely propaganda entities they you know
they're they're transparent but the
Atlantic or the Washington Post are kind
of a different animal I've already given
them enough that they could write a
story that would seem like I believe it
and I'm pushing it and maybe I'm part of
a Russian propaganda or Venezuelan
G right don't you think you could take
what I've already said and then if
nobody was going to check what I said
originally because people don't you
could just write an article and people
would believe it oh he's pushing this
thing so my my interesting situation is
this I'm drawn to risk so sort of a flaw
of mine when something's dangerous I
tend to go toward
it and it was very dangerous for me to
even tell you that Patrick burn has a uh
a story to tell and the basic idea of
what it was very dangerous it could be
the end of it could be the last time you
see me basically it could be that
dangerous but I tell you for sure that I
genuinely don't know if it's true I
genuinely I don't even have a I don't
even I'm not even leaning in One
Direction and that's rare so the fact
that I'm not even lean meaning in One
Direction is also telling me
something but I'm not entirely sure what
it's telling
me now I haven't seen anybody debunk
him that doesn't mean it doesn't exist I
do have some feelers out to see if I can
get a better handle on it if I find out
something I'll let you know but I don't
suspect that if if you look at all the
claims about our election systems you
know these included it's certainly hard
toag that we're going to have a good
result
and um here's uh What uh let's
see speaker Johnson said he said uh he
doesn't expect that we'll have a a
result in the election so Mike Johnson
the speaker said he expects Democrats to
refuse to certify election results of
trump
wins now would that be unusual turns out
no that would be normally what they
so according to
Johnson the post Millennium has the
story quote Democrats have now made it a
tradition to object to electors certain
States uh of electors and they have done
so every single time a Republican
president as one in the last quarter
Century now I didn't know that that uh
the Democrats have have called fowl on
every single time a a republican won and
of course it would work the other way as
well right if if the polls say that
Trump's going to win but Harris wins in
the last minute and you know votes come
in at the middle of the night um so
under What scenario would either side
certify this
election so we have an we have an
election system that's designed and
everybody knows it to
guarantee that both sides think it was
rigged how do you do that accidentally
that can't possibly be an accident given
that we know how to avoid
it where is this coming from it's very
confusing well here's a story that I
don't have any insight into so I was
kind of sitting it out but I'm observing
MSNBC has been talking to some citizens
about the election and uh they ran a
package in which they were talking to
some uh black voters about how they felt
about Obama saying that black men may be
sexist and that's why they're not
supporting KL Harris and I saw one of
the uh black men who was being
interviewed saying that he was deeply
offended by
that deeply
offended
and I wondered I wonder how common that
is you know it's anecdotal so I don't
want to make too much of it but I don't
have a sense of what would be insult
insting to other people you know you
usually know what would insult you but
not somebody else would do you think
that was deeply
offensive I mean it
was clearly a
slight but do you think people will
actually vote differently because they
were so so
treated I feel like again this is
totally anotal but it feels like um
Black
America is having some kind of Awakening
and you see it in a whole bunch of ways
at the same time and a lot of it had to
do with the migrants coming in and
watching the people that they thought
were their their biggest supporters
bringing in somebody let's say with even
at least in the short term bigger
problems and diverting resources to them
and then
probably black voters were saying uh H
this wasn't exactly what I was expecting
so I think that's going on I think
people are realizing that the uh stories
about Trump are all lies I think black
Americans figured that out they figured
out the hoaxes there are a whole bunch
of um videos where there'll be a black
Creator you know content creator who's
doing a video saying I just found out
all this Trump stuff is and
it's all based on hoaxes there's a whole
bunch of them now again are they organic
or is somebody's campaign paying for
them I don't know but but there's a lot
of them so something big is happening
with black
America I think it's probably in a good
direction I saw that uh the amuse
account on X had some information that
uh you know one C harest did the the
Catholic Church uh event but she made a
video instead of showing up in person
the L Smith event whatever it is and uh
it was kind of a little bit Blasphemous
because it showed mly Shannon acting
like a Catholic school girl seemingly
mocking the faith a little bit and uh
that was generally considered a huge
fail but I didn't realize that the
Harris campaign was blaming Mark Cuban
for suggesting
it do you think that's true do you think
Mark cubin suggested this exact
idea I'm going to say
no here here's what might be true it
might be true that he said something
like you know uh play it for fun or you
know make make sure you have fun with it
but do a video or you know maybe
something like
that I I don't think that he suggested
the specific failed
skit do do you think do you think that
Mark cubin was writing the jokes for the
skit and decided had to cast it and that
it would you know I don't think so I
don't think so he may have suggested
doing a
video which might have been the
suggestion when he found out that she
wasn't going to attend in person because
a video would be better than just
skipping it so he may have been involved
but I feel like maybe they're looking
for you know dumping off a little blame
on him that my best guess is that that's
overblown did you know that the British
government seems to be trying to defeat
Trump
um the claim is that members of the
British government are coming over to
the United States to help campaign for
Harris like really you you're sending
your your politicians to campaign for
Harris I don't know how much of that is
true and apparently the labor party over
there in the Great Britain um has
somebody according to let's say
according to Paul ther who's worked with
Matt taibe on this story
there's some documents showing that the
labor party's political front's
objective was to quote kill musk's
Twitter through quote advertising Focus
meaning meaning harassing the
advertisers is that true is the
government of Great Britain trying to
kill
Twitter now called
X and are they interfering on our
election if either of these things are
true
then they must be
punished they must be punished yeah
they're our best ally sure but if this
is
true there has to be a response and it
has to be big because this
is really really really not okay Great
Britain so here's what I think if Great
Britain is trying to kill freed freedom
of speech in America I would pull out
pull out a NATO and I wouldn't defend
them
period there's there's a bottom line
here right if Great Britain is trying to
destroy freedom of speech in America I
don't want to protect your stupid
 little island you can all
off you can all become Russian I don't
care but don't ask me to spend a
penny if you're trying to remove our
only last remaining source of free
speech every one of you
guys every one of you and and by the way
the the citizens of Great
Britain you better do something with
your government right it's not my job to
change your government but I can
certainly suggest that my government
stop protect protecting
you yeah if you're going to come after
us and destroy our
system I'm out so I think we should have
an actual conversation like literally
about whether we're protecting Great
Britain anymore whether we could work
with
them now I know how ridiculous that
sounds because you know the connections
are so deep and so long but no this is a
that's a red
line This is a solid red line that
they're Crossing now mus says he's going
to fight back and you maybe something
can be done in the courts but I doubt it
this is the line
man you cross the line
buddies so the next thing that Great
Britain asks from the United States the
answer is no I don't even care what it
is just just know off leave us the
alone we not going to forget
that well the publication the hill
doesn't know what racism is there's an
article by Cheyenne
Daniels and she was talking about
Charlamagne was laughing at Lara Trump
when Laura Trump said that uh president
Trump uh has never said anything racist
and then the writer xen Daniels uh wants
the reader to know several examples
which prove beyond a shadow of doubt
that Trump is racist and he said racist
things so here are the things that the
hill allowed a writer to write were
racist number one uh so she said despite
his comments about the Central Park 5 in
the 80s the Central Park 5 no race was
ever mentioned nor did he specifically
mention the Central Park 5 he did a full
page ad saying that you know they're
criminal animals or you know are praying
on the population and maybe you should
have the death
penalty race wasn't even part of the
conversation this is completely made
up so you'd have to read his mind and
imagine that he secretly was thinking
race when he never mentioned it he
talked about
Behavior the behavior in the city is
terrible too many criminals maybe we
should kill them Behavior that's the
opposite of race if you don't say
anything about race and the story didn't
have any racial element except that race
was you know people were different races
I guess but he didn't even mention that
that was all made up after the fact that
there was some racial part of it then
there's the birtherism conspiracy
theory what the hell does that have to
do with race birtherism he said the same
thing about
Canadians the most common criticism in
politics is that the politician you're
running against is not a legal resident
of whereever they are so you see it a
lot in more local politics like this
person has a house here but I don't
think they really live here this person
spent one month a year in the state but
they're running for Senator it's the
most common thing people say is it you
were born somewhere else or you're you
know you you know your your background
doesn't make you uh capable to be
president based on national origin now I
don't think it's
true that uh Obama is not a
citizen in my opinion he's very much a
citizen very much an American but it's
not racist to question his birth
certificate racism even part of the
conversation again who's bringing in the
race it wasn't Trump that it would be
the same complaint about
anybody uh then there's what else is in
the
list then there's Trump's rhetoric
regarding
migrants
um is there some quote I should see I'm
not aware of any
racist rhetoric about migrants I am
aware that Trump says there are too many
criminals coming across are we so dumb
that we think he meant every one of them
the babies what was he blaming the
babies coming across as being criminals
no obviously he didn't mean all of them
obviously he didn't mean that there are
you know more criminals in this racial
group but there might be more criminals
who are being released from jails I
don't know if that's true or not but but
that has nothing to do with the race it
would be whether or not they were in
jail so there's no evidence of that
that's just something that happens on
the the fake news and the last one
is um his recent Embrace of a conspiracy
theory about Haitian migrants eating
people's
pets what is the racial component of
that if you replace them all with
Americans or not Americans let's say you
replace them all with Irish people
but if you if you were under the
impression that this specific little
island and their specific culture
allowed them sometimes to eat pets where
other people would say that's
terrible it would still be about the
activity it wouldn't be about the race
you could just replace the Haitians with
anything and if if they were Irish it
would be the same complaint what what is
Trump going to be happy if the Irish are
eating his pets oh I I I didn't realize
the Irish were eating the pets
that's okay no it had nothing to do with
the race of the people doing it it was
the eating the pets part which by the
way there's not a strong evidence that
there was much of that
happening so it amazes me that somebody
could write an article in a major
publication and not
even have a passing understanding of
what racism is that's
weird um you know the story about uh
Trump worked at McDonald's and he won
the new cycle but K Harris said that she
had actually worked at McDonald's and
that's part of why Trump did his thing
but the source according to the free
bacon free free bacon the Free Beacon
not the free bacon free bacon is way
better than free bacon but the free
bacon is a
publication uh according to them the
Canadian woman who told the New York
Times that Harris's dead mother
mentioned her McDonald's job is a
campaign surrogate who has been to the
White House and shares a sage at rallies
and the New York Times never mentioned
that the one and only
source for K Harris's claim is one of
her campaign
surrogates who says she heard it from
somebody who's dead
now do you think she worked at
McDonald's here's what's possible
maybe she worked there for a week and
got
fired or you know being late or
something if if you're just starting at
McDonald's you only have to be late a
few times and you get fired so it's
pretty easy to get
fired so I'm not saying she got fired
but uh if you believe she worked there
based on a campaign surrogate saying she
talked to somebody who is dead who once
mentioned it
well I'm not sure I would believe that
meanwhile Tucker Carlson says he's going
to join Trump I think twice in Georgia
for the campaign rallies now do you
think that tuer Carlson could have
joined Trump if he was still working for
Fox News no so it turns out that that
getting
cancelled um allows Trump to have the
pirate ship that he does because he's
got RFK Jr that was basically cancelled
by the Democrats
um he's got Tulsi Gabbert who just
decided that she's going to register as
a
republican um V wasn't cancelled but you
know he certainly understands that world
and uh I was cancelled and it certainly
makes me more Allin on
Trump so it seems that if you if you
cancel the wrong
people uh they become
stronger so didn't see that coming
anyway
um so did you know that uh the the that
there's a an effort by something called
the 65 project and they're doing ads and
stuff telling people that if they're
lawyers and they work for Trump they're
going to be in big trouble so that Trump
can have no good lawyers in the future
when they go after him for a lawfare
well the good news is that America First
legal
um is going to go after the people going
after him so America First legal is
going to investigate this is according
to just the news website news site just
the news um so they're going to
investigate the group that's threatening
lawyers associated with Trump I don't
know if investigating gets you anything
but we should put a little uh put a
little transparency on this find out you
know as as dirty as you think politics
is and as seems plenty dirty the fact
that somebody's trying to make it
impossible for somebody to get good
legal
representation this affects me at like a
deeper level because the Constitution is
pretty clear and the laws are pretty
clear that even if you're guilty you get
to have a good lawyer and you get to
have a defense I don't think there's
anything more basic to what keeps
America together than the fact that if
you get arrested or I get arrested or
somebody we hate or somebody we love
gets arrested they're all going to get a
defense and here they're trying to take
away Trump's
defense uh through you know clever just
warning people away and threatening them
and I don't it's hard to imagine
anything that's more deeply evil and
unamerican than this you know all the
other stuff I talked about
propaganda you know lying maybe the
elections have some problems etc those
are all terrible and you know the P didy
thing is you know beyond belief almost
but I almost feel
worse that there would be any
American that is being systematically
denied um the best level of uh lawyer
support this this is so deeply troubling
I mean just I don't know this one
bothered me a lot so good for America
First legal they continue to be
Superstars and they are the answer um
for all the lawfare that's been used
against the Republicans so there's so we
got some fight back
happening meanwhile Carrie Lakes
office um was on lockdown because
somebody mailed them s suspicious
package with a substance and a message
that suggested it might be Anthrax now I
don't have a confirmation that it was
anthrax probably not probably not but
wow um I don't think it's ever been more
dangerous to be a
republican how many Democrats got shot
at uh or poisoned this year none I mean
I hope none but Trump got shot at car
Lake got suspicious
package uh it's getting dangerous
dangerous to be a republican tell you so
try to stay out a
jail
um all right yes the little people do
have trouble with lawyers that's true
all right ladies and gentlemen that is
the end of my prepared remarks I'll
remind you that I'm going to be on The
Young Turks on Monday 8:00 p.m. eastern
time 5:00 p.m. California time and uh so
I'll have a conversation about what's
good or bad about Trump
and uh hope you join that and of course
if you don't know that the Dilbert
calendar is available it's available now
you can buy it only at the link at
dilbert.com so go to dilbert.com and
follow that link it's the only place
you'll ever be able to buy that calendar
so thanks for joining everybody I'm
going to talk to the locals people
privately and uh I'll see the rest of
you
tomorrow same time same
place thanks for
joining
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e for