Alexa turn on studio hey there I am a
little sideways let's see if I can fix
that
hey much better if you don't mind I'm a
little bit behind so while you're
streaming in the air while you're
streaming in here let me print out my
notes if you don't mind only be a minute
bear with me talk among yourselves
alright while we're waiting for those to
print we've got something else to do
it's called the simultaneous sent
yesterday and all you need is a cup or a
mug or a glass of tanker Challenger
Stein the canteen Jagger flask a vessel
of any kind fill it with your favorite
liquid I like coffee and join me now for
the dopamine at the day the is the
apparel what pleasure the thing that
makes everything better including the
pandemic it's called the simultaneous
hip it's medicinal
go let's fix that lighting let's fix
this lighting fix that and grab my notes
this is the part of the show that you
don't see that's because I'm usually a
little more organist now for those of
you who have been joining me in the
morning and even in the evening two
hours a day of live programming you're
probably saying to yourself gosh Scott
you must be pretty busy producing two
hours of live entertainment every day
plus a comic strip and the answer is you
have no idea how busy I am
let me tell you this there's a a public
situation going on with
everything that's going on with the
coronavirus in the world and then
there's your private situation you know
the things that you're all doing in your
homes to stay safe but there's a whole
other world out there of stuff that's
happening that you know in some cases
you'll find out about a little bit later
but oh my god the I don't know the the
things I've learned in the things I've
been involved with in the last few days
I'll never really be able to talk about
them but the world is a is a magical
place the world is a magical place
that's all I could tell you all right
let's start out by if anybody's new here
this is not bragging all right this is
just so the new people the people who
have been with me for a while know that
I always talked about which predictions
I got right and which ones I got wrong
because you need to know should you
believe my predictions should you not
should you put a percentage of
likelihood on them and the same with
everybody else so everybody should be
checking the predictions especially with
this Cove in nineteen we all made a lot
of predictions and you need to every now
and then just stop back and say okay who
is getting it mostly right and who
wasn't because that should tell you a
little bit about the odds of who's gonna
get it right the next time
alright so that's that's the purpose of
talking about the predictions it's not
bragging by itself although it has that
benefit number one who told you to close
the airports and flights from China
probably I'm the first person you heard
say that and I said that before I even
do it was a thing I didn't even know you
couldn't close here part I mean
physically you can of course but I
didn't actually think it was even in the
top ten possibilities when I first
started screaming about it and and using
profanity on periscope saying close the
airports and then we did some people
told you the hospitals would not be
crashed because it's just the flu I told
you that they would
I'll see were already seeing the
hospital left her hospital right on the
edge so I would say all the people who
said yes this will be a problem for the
healthcare system were right all the
people who said it's just like the flu
if the flu doesn't overrun our hospitals
why won't those all of those people I
think at this point we can say we're
completely wrong and there's a fairly
dangerous way not fairly they were wrong
in an extraordinarily dangerous way
because if we not pay attention to it we
would not have flexed up as soon as we
did could always do it sooner
who told you that the supply supply
chains would be crushed and that that
might be the bigger problem Mike cirrage
I don't remember where I was in terms of
at what point I started to agree with
him but he's the first person who
sounded the alarm and a lot of people
watching this who have to be thankful
they got their toilet paper right
because they were listening to Mike Mike
has a very long track record of being
not just right but being able to look
around corners I mean he's not just
write about what straight ad he's write
about what straight ahead and around the
corner and down the alley I mean if
you're not following him you just it's
just crazy at this point who told you
that masks do work even when the experts
were telling you they did not well I'm
one of them
you know Duvall was saying it probably
lots of people I don't mean to be you
know mentioning everybody who said it
but everybody who said that they don't
work they were wrong right and now all
the studies are coming out we can see oh
yeah I totally works
not only do masks work but you'd be
better off with a bandana over your face
than than not at all so all the people
who said of course they work how could
they not work you know you could argue
about the efficiency and stuff but it
works a little I mean if if your cough
is what's causing people to get sick how
would how in any world does suppressing
the thing that goes out and makes people
sick how could that make it not
it just didn't make any sense from the
start so all the people who said mass
don't work you should never listen to
them again who's the first person who
said to you the meds work but we
probably have a shortage problem and
that's why you're not hearing so much
about them in the in the entire world
of all the people talking about kovat 19
little bet a lot of them who was the
first person who told you I wasn't the
first person to say the meds could be
good I am the first person who told you
the meds are good and you're being lied
to
to control the control hoarding right
now that's just the fact we don't have
to wonder about that anymore the so the
different states Nevada and I think New
York City if not the state I forget but
they're already putting controls on the
drug for hoarding and India which makes
a lot of it as closed export and it
looks like the pill is the game the pill
is the game somebody was saying that we
should have planned better to have more
ventilators and if we'd started earlier
we you know we'd be ahead of the game
but ventilators are largely the thing
you do because you didn't have the pills
at least you didn't have them in the
people in time if you had enough pills
and you gave them to people as soon as
they presented symptoms the number of
them that would ever need a ventilator
is small based on based on what we've
seen so far so there's that all right
who told you that even though it seemed
unlikely there very quickly because of
the six degrees of separation thing you
would start to know people or have some
connection to a lot of people who are
getting it have you noticed that already
I think there's 60,000 people and in a
country of 350 million who allegedly
have been exposed how many do you know
all right I I already know 1 2 3 4 5 I
think I know 5 people who have it or
probably have it
at this point and that's not even
counting the celebrities I know the news
today is a Kathy Griffin is in the
hospital was was something pretty nasty
and at least based on the symptoms it
could be this but she can't get a test
that's right
Kathy Griffin can't get a test I mean in
a timely manner she can get it
eventually
so she's done I don't think she's being
treated and she could die right in front
of us I mean it could happen if she's
not getting the the treatment so I mean
that would just be the worst thing in
the world so we're seeing the six
degrees of separation coming true as I
told you who told you it was the first
person who told you that when we go back
to work it'll be a phased approach based
on statistics for different people with
different risks probably me right now
after the government says that's what
they're gonna do you say to yourself oh
yeah it's kind of obvious in retrospect
you wouldn't just send everybody back
with different risk profiles you'd you'd
segregate them so who told you that
first that was me who told you that
who's been hammering on the importance
of decoupling from China quite a few
people you know I'm not like the person
who started it but among your world
where did you hear a loudest and most
where did you hear the word decouple the
most probably for me from earliest and
loudest among people you probably follow
yo Kyle passes louder
Gordon Chang is louder but you're it's
more likely you follow me than them so I
I would say that the world has come
around - oh yeah decoupling there's not
crazy cartoonish yelling about stuff
decoupling is what you absolutely have
to do there's no question about it
all right who told you the human
ingenuity during this crisis would be
mind boggling and that it would be the
biggest variable that can't be predicted
that was me know again if if it sounds
like I'm saying I'm the only person in
the world who thought that was happening
nothing like that's happening I assume
that for every opinion I had
there were a million people or more
about the same appellant opinion but you
might not have been following them you
might not have heard them they might
they might not have a platform like this
so I'm not magic I'm just telling you
that if you're following people who made
all the wrong predictions maybe rethink
that
here are some human ingenuity things
just just a little sample of it Dyson
the company that makes the vacuum
cleaners and other things hand dryers
and stuff they designed and built an
entirely new ventilator called the co
event in ten days Dyson you know Dyson
the founder is you know sort of a genius
inventor and their company is well
designed for prototyping and rapidly
building stuff that's what they do in
ten days they designed and built their
own ventilator now you've seen a bunch
of stories about somebody made one for
like a hundred bucks you know from parts
and somebody else showed you how you
could do it with this part in that part
so the human ingenuity that's going into
just the ventilators is just incredible
you know just that one little area and
then you look at the creativity and
ingenuity that's going into making masks
and sourcing them it's incredible
it's just incredible and you know we're
gonna get we're gonna learn so much
about this learn about how to work with
each other learn how to make new stuff
learn how to do things at a crisis our
our human learning is off the charts you
know the number of people across
pollinating the experts who had to talk
to each other it's really incredible who
told you that it's more likely where at
least some of us will go back to week in
weeks not months that was me I think
it's gonna be somewhere in between weeks
and months but I was telling you it
would be on the lower end largely
because I had some optimism about the
pills
which we do not have in quantity yet I
also am predicting that the covery will
be fast once it starts so that way you
can wait for about that one will be
right
and here's my I if I if I can say so the
my I think my most precise prediction
was that I said two days ago that you
should see in the next 48 hours which is
the last two days the death rate in New
York start to start to level off and
maybe drop and start turning back
towards zero and the hypothesis was that
they now had enough of the of the the
Trump bills the hydroxychloroquine etc
then it would start making a difference
in their death rate and I think I need
to I need this to confirmed but I feel
as though the death rate was going up up
up and that actually in the last two
days it just the the rate of increase
just fell off sharply so I believe it's
still going up but there but the slope
just bent that's exactly what I told you
would happen within a 48-hour period
based on the specific reason the the
meds coming in and it looks like it
happened now I need a I need a fact
check on that cuz easily today it could
be opposite you know you have to watch
every day on these things but I think
I'm right about that so that's a good
sign so yesterday you know I always
talked about the simulation winking at
me and there there's one TV show called
modern modern family there whenever I
turned that on I swear to god it looks
like they looked at my life and then
they wrote a script about all the little
things that were bugging me and they put
it in the show the Curb Your Enthusiasm
does the same thing
now that's not what's happening it's
just that the writers are good at
finding those little parts of life that
people don't talk about but we're all
feeling so great writing is what's
really behind it but I turned on the TV
last night to try to forget about the
covet virus thing I spent all day on you
know between the times that you see me
publicly you're doing this I'm working
all day I mean I'm working hard I trying
to connect people who figure stuff
you know advice people move things along
there's just a ton happening under the
under the hood that you'll never know
about but it's there's a lot of energy
happening when you're not watching but I
wanted to get that out of my mind before
bed so I just randomly picked how I
would record it it was a modern family
episode from I don't know weeks ago well
before this well before the crisis and
it turned on there's a scene there with
one of the characters saying that
somebody had done something to deny
malaria pills to doctors so now now
doctors wouldn't have enough malaria
pills and I'm looking at this and I'm
thinking did I just spend my entire day
worried about doctors not having access
to malaria pills and then I turned on
the only TV show I turned on it wasn't
like I watched TV all day except for the
news I watched it all day but it's the
only entertainment I had that day and I
turned it on and the characters is
making fun of somebody who did something
which would have some effect on the
supply of malaria pills to doctors and
I'm thinking now of course I know it's a
coincidence you know I'm not I'm not
saying it's magic but what a mind
boggler that was the speaking of
innovation
I keep hearing story after story about
the technology for rapidly testing for
the virus is improving in a whole bunch
of places so now you have the the home
test which it was probably being limited
by the FDA still I think so you got the
home test you've got the one in the
office that you can get a result in 45
minutes
somebody else is working on one that
gives you something in half an hour
South Korea is now has in the field a
phone booth sized testing device that
you walk in there and get tested now
this is just me but if you said hey
we've got this phone booth size thing go
in there and you can get administer the
test the first thing I'm going to say to
myself is you mean the phone booth size
thing that every infected person in
Seoul has just walked into to get tested
that's the tiny little space that you
would like to me to go into next to get
tested no thank you no thank you
maybe I'll test at home but I'm sure the
South Koreans have figured that out so I
doubt there's a real risk but
psychologically I would not go in a
phone booth immediately after somebody
who was also testing to see if they had
a deadly disease that's just me
here's a question I asked I said if
following FDA guidelines in the context
here is giving people the the hash tag
Trump pills for if you knew that's the
hydroxychloroquine so if doctor gives
somebody the pills and the FDA says
don't do that now the FDA is now saying
it's unsafe the FDA is putting a a
gating factor on it obviously because of
the shortage so you should not look at
the FDA in this context as being dumb
old dumb old you know bureaucrats who
just can't get into the way it looks
like the FDA is intentionally slowing it
down by saying that you know we asked to
be used in a hospital clinical setting
obviously that's because of shortage
because those are the critical places so
let's say the FDA says doctor you know
you regular doctor and your regular
practice you should not the according
that you have to be FDA you cannot
prescribe this drug to somebody who just
has symptoms but has not been tested
what does the doctor do in that
situation well of course the doctor oath
is do no harm you can't harm somebody so
you're a doctor and you in your hand
you're holding this is figurative you
know they would have to write a
prescription for it but let's say you
lived in a town where they're not out of
it yet there's some towns where they're
not out of it
your doctor you've got this pill in your
hand and you are almost positive that
it's the right thing to do because the
side effects are minimal the risk is
gigantic the cost of the drug is 20
bucks of course you're going to give it
patient of course and in fact every
doctor who actually has access the drug
is doing just that
so basically 100% of doctors in my
opinion can't verify this but in my
opinion 100% of doctors are prescribing
the drug to people who just have
symptoms and no test even though the FDA
is saying don't do that now
here's my question suppose the FDA came
later and said hey you know you violated
a guideline we're gonna yank your
medical license I don't know who knows
if that's even a thing
I don't know how the process works but
let's say it is the thing what defense
would the doctor have well two defenses
one defense and apparently this has been
used in other contexts before is that
it's a necessity so you can do something
that's against the law if it's also a
necessity to save someone's life or
attempt to save someone's life so as
long as it's a necessity and your
intentions are cleaned and they're the
reason the use is clean and at least
everything about what you're doing is
clean nobody's doubting why you're doing
it or what you're doing it you can break
the law if you're saving life you know
it's some dumb law that didn't
anticipate this situation sort of thing
so you got that defense but I would say
the greater defense doesn't need a court
the greater defense is I'm a doctor
there should be a complete defense
because the doctors we and trust to make
hard decisions that are risky for the
patient but also risky for the doctor
right if a doctor makes the mistake
that's now free so the doctors got a lot
of skin in the game a lot of skin in the
game that's who you want you want
somebody who's got a lot of risk with
you same the same kind of risk in the
same domain and here's my defense for
any doctor who prescribes it against FDA
deadlines do no harm do no harm if you
know that not giving it to somebody is
going to cause them harm or probably you
sort of have to do it so I would say
that the ethical requirements of being a
doctor
are very clear of the situation and in
fact that's why doctors are actively
acting that way as you would hope all
right I've said before and I'll say it
again I keep hearing people say people
are prescribing it to their family
members and describe and medical
professionals are effectively hoarding
it for themselves now I wouldn't want
them to over horde but nonetheless it is
true that the medical professionals are
the most important people because if
they stay healthy there's a multiplier
effect if the people that they can help
but I would argue that their families
cannot be separated from that equation
you can't expect your doctor to go to
work and you know work is 18 hour day if
he thinks his wife is dying back at the
house because she doesn't have a
prescription and and you could just
easily write that prescription and save
your spouse's life it's it's just it's
just not reasonable to separate the the
professionals who can have the meds from
their spouses and the media families and
say well they can't if you want those if
you want the medical professionals to be
effective you got to treat that as a
team unfortunately I mean maybe you
don't want that to be true but I think
it's the smartest thing to do
statistically likewise we just heard
that a member of the squad I Anna
Presley apparently she's she's also got
some symptoms yeah they're in
Massachusetts and just can't get a test
so like everybody else she has to wait
for a test while she has symptoms this
will be unpopular with you but I think
she should go to the front of the line I
think Congress you know first responders
Congress medical professionals their
families I do think they need to be top
priority because again it's a leverage
thing yeah yeah you don't like Diana
Presley's politics I get that I get that
but you need the Congress at least to
you know be on the ball so I think
Congress should go to the front of the
line
you know as a citizen I would support
that you even have my own risk I think
that's the better better choice let's
see what else we got here so I tweeted
if anybody knows this
I'm looking for somebody in the state of
Texas so an actual Texan who lives there
not now somebody who knows one but I
want to hear from an actual Texans have
this experience so they've had symptoms
of the corona virus and the doctor
prescribed the Trump pills the
hydroxychloroquine but the pharmacy
wouldn't give it to him so we're looking
we're looking for a test case so give me
a test case of a Texan who had corona
virus symptoms went to a doctor the
doctor prescribed the meds but the
pharmacy wouldn't give it to him because
of FDA rules if you can give me an
example of a person we will break the
system it will help right a follower on
Twitter said that said the following
growing up in Nigeria I can't count the
number of times I took chloroquine which
is a you know a slightly weaker version
of the hydroxychloroquine because if he
had a fever that's what the doctor gave
only if he didn't recover did he get
tested for anything so in Nigeria they
were just hand about like M&Ms if you
had a fever and if it didn't work well
maybe we'll look into it and the United
States who are doing it backwards you
have to have a test or we can't give you
the trunks now of course the reason is
that that requirement is to slow down
unfortunately it's a slowdown of the
access to the drug obviously because of
the shortage I saw a picture of the
legislators in Congress working to try
to pass the relief bill which is maybe
some of the worst work that Congress has
ever done in the history of Congress and
I'm counting both Republicans and
Democrats because a you know if
collectively if they produce a bad
product as they did you can't give any
of them a pass
you know they work together and they
they succeed together and they fail
together and they failed together this
time now psychologically maybe it didn't
matter too much what the details were
psychologically the economy needed this
stimulus and needed it fast so it
probably is more important that action
happened than the details of the action
so we probably ended up in the best of
the bad choices the best choice was to
do it quickly and and smartly well we
didn't give smartly that wasn't an
option apparently our Congress can't
give us smartly but they did give us mmm
kinda quick you know took a week longer
than it should but you know things take
long times sometimes so I think it was a
horrible job and they all gave failing
grades and they should all lose their
jobs but action was better than no
actions so I think the markets responded
and it'll end up positive even though
it's a complete abomination but here's
the thing somebody showed some pictures
on Twitter of the the legislators all
standing too close together and I
thought to myself my god really
Congress is today like last night
they're still bunching up in little
groups when some of them are actually
testing positive already and it's
emergency and we need them at their best
there was no way they could solve that
it felt like Joe Biden not being able to
figure out how to use this phone to
livestream it didn't feel like that you
it felt like we're watching a whole
bunch of incompetent bumbling people who
couldn't get the most basic basic
element of life and 2020 right which is
stay the hell away from the other
person's really you couldn't get that
right I mean your your confidence in
them has to drop when you see that now I
get there's an emergency and they you
know they probably felt like they needed
to be in the same room but at least
don't let any cameras in there at the
very least don't let somebody take a
picture of it you know how are we
supposed to feel confident because
that's important yeah
feel confident in your leadership during
a crisis now in the world do you feel
confident about that when you watch
these idiots doing exactly what everyone
says they shouldn't do alright I think
that the entire game just came down to
from pills and hydroxychloroquine if
you're talking about the number of
ventilators it's because we don't have
enough of the pills if we add the pills
at least anecdotally all of the
information suggests that the number of
ventilators you need would would plunge
like a lot so do we have a ventilator
shortage in on some nominal sense yes
but we wouldn't have a shortage if we
also have the pills
so here's my question I said to myself
who makes these pills so we we've got at
least one maybe two companies in the
United States who quote make the pills
alright one of them is is it
Novartis I forget what it is so probably
didn't write that down so there's a
company that's making the pills and I
was just reading up on them and they
said that they've got enough they've got
enough raw materials or suppliers or
whatever it is to make the pills so
they're gonna they're gonna press up 50
million pills or whatever it is and get
them out there in middle of April so
we're probably a couple weeks away from
at least one big producer of producing
them at scale and so I go to Wikipedia
in a and I thought okay but what happens
when they run out of that raw material
of Milan yes thank you Milan is the name
of the company that I was trying to
remember I think Novartis is doing
something else similar I don't know I
saw Novartis on something like tweeted
so what happens when my land or whoever
else is making them domestically what
happens when they run out of the raw
material and what is it well wasn't main
that what is what is the stuff you mix
together to make these pills is it a
plant
a mineral oil what the hell is it can
somebody can somebody just tweet that
that'd be so so here's what I'm getting
in should we be planting the whole bunch
of some kind of plant should we be
making our heavy equipment go dig
something out of the ground where the
hell does it come from
and why don't we know that isn't
somebody says viagra is a good
substitute well I doubt that's true
medically but it would take your mind
off of things you got that you got that
going for you
somebody's confirming that Novartis 2 is
in that business now why don't why can't
I easily find that I I spent only you
know 60 seconds googling it but it
should have done the top thing that came
out shouldn't the story be there's a
drug called this it does these things is
made by these companies and they use the
raw material X what is the raw material
what is it can anybody answer that
question
well why how are we at this point when
we don't even know what the raw material
is somebody says quinine what the hell
is that that's not an answer to my
question
where does quinine come from you know is
there a lake of quinine somewhere do you
mine it this is a competitive a plant I
don't somebody says it's synthetic but
what's that mean anything synthetic is
still made out of stuff what's the stuff
somebody says hydrogen oxygen and
chlorine is that true
you sound like you know what you're
talking about yes it's important that we
have sourcing that is not controlled by
other countries somebody says I'm
looking at your comments and you know I
assume that most of them are wrong
somebody says it's some kind of tree
bark Oh actually several people are
saying it's from tree bark okay question
number two what kind of trees
where do they grow because you can't
really quickly grow some tree bark Kenya
or can you clone it could you clone tree
bark that make sense
can you clone tree bark I don't know
somebody says it's the bark from the
cinchona tree well suppose that's right
suppose it's the bark from the cinchona
tree where do they grow I don't know
that's right by the way it's just
something I'm reading in the comments so
let's say Google that oh it does look
correct it's a genius of flowering
plants so cinchona is a plant and what
is it used for where do cinchona and
then somebody else says is a tree it's
native to the Andes and grown in South
America Indonesia and Congo the dried
bark of the trees is a source of quinine
and other medicinal products so so to
all the quinine chloroquine
hydroxychloroquine do they all come out
at the same tree bark cinchona trees all
right so this gets me to my next point
so the source of these are the Andes and
grown in South America I don't know
specifically what country but I'm going
to ask a very adult question right now
are you ready this is an adult question
children are just going to get mad so
children you should just sign out them
here's an adult question what is the
military capability of the countries
that are growing these trees see where
I'm going now that I believe these
countries are friendly sufficiently
friendly with the United States that
they wouldn't try to hurt us but they do
have the supply that the entire world
needs China's probably willing to pay
for it
other countries are willing to pay for
that bark it's in our backyard
if if you imagine that all of the
Americas are our backyard if our
military I'm just gonna say it directly
if our military needs to secure the
supply for for this hemisphere including
South America if we went down and stole
stole the supplies from South America to
use in North America we should all be
shot maybe for that that would be like a
crime against humanity of the highest
degree but if there's enough of it in
the Americas and any of that stuff is
going to another country outside of the
Americas that's isn't that a military
question should our Marines actually be
assembling off the shore of a friendly
allied country just to make sure that
they're not shipping this drug outside
of the Americas right somebody says stop
stop do not suggest military action it's
an adult question I'm not saying what we
should do what I'm saying is it's a
military issue if we're looking at
millions of death in this hemisphere
because that supply that has grown in
this hemisphere is being shipped to
another hemisphere
isn't that a homeland security problem
isn't that a military problem now of
course of course
the first you know the first stage of
this is you contact the suppliers you if
it's Peru or whoever it is and you say
hey Peru can we keep this in the
Americas and Peru says absolutely we're
not going to send this outside of you
know North America South America don't
need to don't want to plenty of demand
so the first choice is you work
productively with allies and there
should be no military anything right but
how much do you think another country
and another in another part of the world
would be willing to pay to get that
supply and taken away from the Americas
how much would they be willing to pay
for that a lot right so the the price
that some Peruvian company could charge
for a truckload of this tree bark
it just went through the roof
so could we guarantee that the people
who run the factories even if the
governments are friendly to us even if
the government say yes even if the
government say oh yeah we would never
ship this out of the country but what
about the factory the farmer whoever's
whoever is stripping the trees can you
trust that guy because he's gonna get
some big offers from places and in other
parts of the country well here's my
thing can you trust the Peruvian army
and here I'm just using Peru as a
stand-in country it's nothing about Peru
it's just wherever they're growing this
this supply can you trust the proven
Peruvian military to not take a bribe
nope no no in South America you cannot
trust anybody really not to take a bribe
so if China says hey you know if you
ship us a few trucks of that tree bark
you know we'll we'll grease your pockets
politicians and Peru you know military
leaders in Peru well what's gonna happen
well if South America is South America
and hasn't changed lately people take
bribes so if you're in America and it
might be a million lives on the line and
the only thing that could protect you is
that a South American you could trust do
not take a bribe is that the risk you
want to take I'm just saying if we're
not already assembling troops to at
least be in the general vicinity of
where that tree bark is and again I
might be I'm like completely wrong about
that being the only source maybe there's
so much of this tree everywhere that we
don't need any of this so you know I
have to be wildly fact checked to make
sure any of this makes any sense so
don't take any of it too seriously I'm
only going to put out one point that I
will die on so here's the hill I'm gonna
die on if we have sources the raw
material sources for this Trump pills
and we're not at least putting a
military presence around them no matter
who controls them if it's in our domain
you know our our sphere of influence
even though it's not our country it's a
military thing isn't it am I wrong
that
the adult thing to do would say well I
can't rely on a Peruvian not to take a
bribe so let's make sure we get that
tree bark are away all right somebody
says calcium phosphate is also in it I
assume that's a mining problem right so
there might be a little tree bark there
might be some something that needs to be
mined about from where mules are
switching from coke to quinine yeah that
may be Scott acts as if our government
has our best interests in mind they
don't well you know during the crisis
most of them do but you're right there
gonna be a lot of partisans who are just
going to improve their situation it says
trees are not needed for the synthetic
stuff okay so that would be an important
thing to fact-check so somebody's saying
you don't need the tree if you're doing
is synthetically but this is a synthetic
one work is it exactly the same
is there any base chemicals that were
short of to make it synthetically
because that's made of something too
just because of synthetic doesn't mean
you don't need base materials oh now
somebody's saying it doesn't come from
trees somebody says they think you can
synthesize it alright so the question
then goes to if you can synthesize it
and of what and is the thing you
synthesized from it also in short demand
do we have it in our hemisphere can we
protect it militarily so my only point
is military needs to protect and protect
our sources all right and somebody says
I'm barking up the wrong tree not bad
not bad yeah other people seems our
weighing in a lot of people are saying
you don't need trees there's you can
synthesize it I don't know what that
means I'm not a chemist so I need to
know more about what you're synthesizing
it from
somebody who seems smart and says
chloroquine is not a derivative of
quinine so maybe all this is just wrong
so let me not believe anything I see in
the the comments so I'm only making a
general statement so erase in your mind
anything I said about Peru and anything
I said about tree bark those are not
important to the point the point is that
there may be a shortage there may be
some base materials and if we're not
protecting them militarily we should
that's all so whether it's synthesized
or to mark the same same point all right
that's what I've got for now I need to
get back to work we've got a world to
save
I think we're I think we're on the right
track now let's get it saved and I will
talk to you later