[Applause]
good morning everybody and welcome to
the highlight of human civilization I
call it coffee with Scott Adams because
that's sort of what it is and we're
going to talk about the headlines and
the news is all funny today sometimes
tragic but mostly funny and you're going
to love it if you'd like this experience
to go to a level that I can't even
explain it so basing all you need is a
cup or Mar a glass a tanker chel a Stein
a canteen jger flask a vessel of any
kind fill it with your favorite liquid I
like coffee and join me now for the
unparal pleasure it's the dopamine hit
of the day the thing that makes
everything better it's called the
simultaneous Sip and it happens now
go oh
yeah so
good well um have you ever been taught
that two wrongs don't make a
right well apparently they were lied to
us I have an example of two wrongs and
made a
right uh I saw a post by Owen Shroyer
and
Infowars in which they took a hoax about
me and incorrectly believed it was true
that was the four Chan Hox that reversed
all my vaccination views so they started
with thinking that the hoax was true
that's the first wrong and then they did
created some content about my prank that
was a husband apology and I wasn't
serious at all so they treated
the The hoax of My Views as real but
then they added the prank that I added
which they also treated as real so they
treated two unreal things as real but
the net effect I think was to make me
look good because
apparently the the user would be left
with the impression that I had
apologized and made good for being
wrong so two wrongs actually made a
right and and I I I don't mean to brag
but I did that
intentionally yeah I knew I couldn't get
rid of the The hoax so I just graded
another hoax to bury the first hoax
totally worked
I've got a question about excess
mortality many people think it's because
the vaccinations themselves were
dangerous I don't know that uh because I
don't trust any data about the pandemic
I don't trust data that agrees with me
and I don't trust data that disagrees
with me I don't think any of our data is
reliable so I don't know what excess
mortality is but I'd like to add one
more hypothesis in case it's not as
obvious as
the pandemic changed our lifestyles the
vaccination has its own you know
whatever percentage of injury and the co
itself might have some long Co but
doesn't look like it uh at least in
terms of excess U mortality but I would
add this following
hypothesis do you think anything changed
with our food
supply because of the
pandemic because we we imagine that the
uh the pandemic was some kind of a
trigger in some way for this excess
mortality because of the
timing but didn't our food supply
undergo tremendous changes because of
what was available and what was not
available am I wrong about that and and
the reason that I I have this hypothesis
is that um as you know I've mentioned it
a bunch of times I I've altered my own
diet radically because I found out there
were so many things in just normal food
that I had some kind of inflammation
reaction to so with trial and error
after a great deal of effort uh I found
that if I ate nothing but fresh stuff
like a broccoli with nothing but let's
say butter on it you know butter seem
pretty safe um that if I eat food like
that like a real piece of fruit a real
vegetable a real piece of fish that I
didn't have any inflammation problems
and I feel great like it just my entire
overall health is completely better now
the yeah the biggest thing I cut out was
bread specifically wheat based products
I think that was my biggest problem but
here's but here's my overall
statement I feel like the food supply
got worse
recently because when I stopped eating
the bad food the degree of how much
better I felt was really shocking and
I'm going to I'm going to add to my
hypothesis by the way I'm just
spitballing and speculating don't take
any of it too seriously but have you
noticed that uh uh
fasting is getting real popular like you
hear about it all the time fasting
fasting fasting we assume that the the
mechanism that makes that make us feel
better is that um you shock your body
into being let's say more protective if
it thinks has to work a little harder
for food or something I don't know I
guess that's the theory but I'd like to
add another possibility why fasting is
popular it's because all of your food
makes you
sick maybe I'm just I'm just putting
that out there it's possible that
fasting makes us feel good simply
because food is poison and so we take a
break from Poison and it's maybe not so
much because shocking your system is
good for you but probably is probably is
now I'm going to add I'm going to add a
third piece of very anecdotal you know
nonconfirmation
evidence you know about Jordan
Peterson's unusual diet he had some
severe health problems and now he he
reports that he feels a lot better on
what I believe is an all meat diet do I
have that right can you give me a fact
check on that Jordan Peterson it's an he
has an all meat diet now
right and apparently he feels
great now here's the question is it
because he had some weird allergies that
were specific to him is it because meat
is so good for you or the new
hypothesis the less you eat the better
you
feel and specifically the less variety
you have the better you feel so long as
you're getting getting your V your
minerals and your nutrients and stuff I
guess meat must have a lot of that
so I've got several
anecdotal non you know non prooof things
that suggest there might be a problem
with our food supply that might be going
directly to excess mortality it might be
that bad I think we need to just stop
everything and take a deep dive as by
the way I think RFK Junior's roughly on
the same page
in terms of doing a deep dive on our
food supply just to find out what's real
you what's killing us and what's
not all right there is a California
forever project in California where some
rich people are buying up uh lots of
property and they want to build a city
yes it will be a walkable City no it's
not because the
wef got them and they're all turning
into Communists no they don't want to
take your car away and no they don't
want to take all of your possessions
away these are actually just California
entrepreneur types but it's a real
interesting
group so among others I assume the three
of the biggest names in this project are
Mark andreon Reed Hoffman and Loren
Powell jobs now as I've told you many
times you can't understand anything in
the news unless you understand the
players and what the players are
associated with
like who they're married to you know
what party they vote Etc and this is
weird because Reed Hoffman and Loren
Powell jobs Steve Jobs um
Widow are the two biggest
Democrat two biggest Democrat
supporters but Mark andreon would be
very much not that now I I don't want to
characterize his political views but I
can say for certain that that it doesn't
map completely to the Democrat position
I don't want to say he's anything that
he doesn't say he is probably
independent best guess but he's he's
kind of the he might be the least
um irrational person in that space
meaning that he's just going to sort of
look at what makes sense he's not the
ideologue he's like the real real person
from real life who just wants to do
things that make sense so the fact that
he's involved gives me a lot of
confidence if it were the other two I'd
worry about God knows
what it would look like some kind of
weird Democrat thing that I didn't
understand like maybe there's a secret
agenda or something but the fact that
Andre's involved makes me think it could
be
interesting this um I've told you many
times that I believe the future that
nobody's talking about as much as they
should is cities built from scratch I
don't believe you're going to fix the
cities that exist I think you G have to
build brand new cities which will be
great for jobs getting jobs great for
improving your life and one of the main
things they want to do is lower the cost
of uh
living so they'll have sustainable
energy and affordable homes and
everything th this is everything I want
right here so this is an example of your
billionaires doing I
think like just a pure Public Service I
don't know that they think this is the
best investment it might be but I don't
think that's why they're doing it to me
I'm guessing that these three are
putting their money behind one of the
most important things that the country
needs which is to figure out how to make
affordable housing and clean energy and
all that
so good for
them I guess the uh Veterans
Administration has approved psychedelics
for
veterans um if you don't follow that
topic this is probably one of the most
important things that's ever happened
for veterans in
America because the potential for the
psychedelics to deal with
PTSD it's unparalleled there there's
nothing nothing in this class
and so we might we might be seeing the
beginning of something that
could fundamentally change the lives of
maybe I don't know a quarter of all
veterans and we're talking about an
enormous enormous benefit to humanity
and specifically the veterans so I don't
have any comment on it other than
whenever the government or any part of
it does anything that make sense like I
I stop and go
oh what's up with that and I don't know
but um was this bipartisan or
psychedelics bipartisan in Congress I
don't I'm not sure if Congress weighs in
on this or not but are there as many
Republicans in favor of psychedelics
being uh used
medically or or is there does anybody
know if there's any kind of divide
politically because this one should not
be political at all there should be zero
politics and
psychedelics yeah I don't know the
answer to
that did you know that there's a moon
race it's kind of interesting space one
you know SpaceX gets uh all the
attention but apparently there's another
rocket going up from some Alliance of uh
two big American companies which
ones uh I don't know locky Martin and uh
Boeing so they have a joint venture
they're going to put a rocket up on the
moon
to look around a little bit do some
exploring and India's looking at the
moon and China's looking at the moon and
I think musk has a uh flight to the
Moon um the moon's really going to heat
up that there's pretty much a guarantee
of a moon War don't you
think how in the world could we not end
up with war on the
moon yeah if there are humans on the
moon H probably there's going to be
War you know what would be interesting
this could actually happen imagine if
you know we get a bunch of assets on the
moon sufficient that somebody decides
there should be a
war imagine if the people were on the
moon just say nah
pass no this this is Earth calling start
a war we need to own the moon yeah you
know maybe not no seriously
you'd better you better start a war
start shooting you know maybe
not could happen representative bober is
entertaining us again she's allegedly
punched her ex-husband in the face or I
guess is she still married or is the ex
I'm not sure uh she claims it didn't
happen blah blah blah but we don't care
if it really happened it's a fun story
so representative bobbert you keep
adding to our
entertainment and I'm here for
it I guess Trump's in court today about
the his immunity claims does anybody
think he's going to win on
immunity I I feel like the the whole the
president can't be held responsible for
things I I feel like he's not going to
win that at least in any kind of lower
court so I'm not too invested in that
story because I think it's going to go
exactly the way you think V ramaswami
suggests five things to fix our
elections listen to these five things
and tell me do these things look
practical and possible would they
actually fix the
problem and if all of that looks good
why aren't we doing
it number one single day of voting so
everybody votes on one day number two
make election day of national holiday
perfect so you don't have to worry about
work number number three paper ballots
yes easier to audit harder to cheat
number four government issued voter ID
to match blah blah blah yes government
ID obvious simple smart um number five
English is the only language
used
um I don't
know I don't know about that one I'm
lukewarm on that one I I think the issue
of you know English as the primary
language is important
but if you're an American
citizen and you need a little help on
language I don't know I think I'm okay
with the multilingual
voting so I'm G to I'm going to disagree
with vake on that uh although it would
be presumably good for Republican
outcomes so that one looks a little
political to me but here's my question
does that look possible of course it
does other countries do exactly this
would it work of course it would of
course it would you simplify the system
you make it more auditable yeah of
course it would work is there any chance
it's going to happen no no do you see
the do you see the other politicians
recommending something this specific
well maybe they mentioned it
but why is it only one person's kind of
pushing
it why do you think that is this ladies
and gentlemen is why you sometimes need
an outsider to run for president in my
opinion I'm going to I'm going to make
an assumption that I call a working
assumption doesn't mean it's true
sometimes when you don't know what's
true you gota you got to pick an
assumption because you gotta act somehow
you can't just say I don't know I don't
know so my working assumption is that
the only reason the elections are not
fixed and and the and is the important
part and you don't see either party
talking about it as much as you'd expect
suggests that both parties cheat and
they don't want to lose the cheating
Advantage they have wherever they're
cheating so if you think the Republicans
are the good guys and the Democrats of
the bad guys I would suggest that the
evidence says no and that there must be
some something that is attaching both
parties to the current system and it's
not good it's either
because maybe people benefit from the
system let's say selling uh election
machines might have lobbyists they might
donate to things one assumes so I don't
know what the story is but you need an
outsider somebody who has not been you
know bought and paid for to tell you
that you can fix this and it's not
hard no outside nobody on the inside can
do that apparently because there's some
penalty to it if you're on the Inside So
when you say to me hey what about
experience I say Hey your
experience your
experience what do you want do you do
you want a vake who can fix your biggest
problem and he just tells you how in
simple
language or do you want the current
situation where our experience
apparently bought off Congress does
nothing for you you know give give me
the outsider please please give me give
me the Argentina
model uh president XI is cracking down
on corruption some more says the news do
you believe that in China when President
she says he's cracking down on
corruption that that is exactly what's
happening or do you believe in the real
world it's a way to get rid of your
enemies your political opponents oh
coincidentally the the people who said
bad things about me are corrupt oh let's
get rid of
them now let me ask you this how close
are we in the United States to one party
getting enough power that they can crack
down on the corruption in the other
party we're almost there if Democrats
controlled you know each of the organs
of government I believe without evidence
but based on what we've seen so far that
they would do a fake corruption
Crackdown just like China and they say
oh look at all these bribes we found
only in
Republicans why don't you look for
bribes and the Democrats oh yeah we're
we're sort of looking there to but look
at those Republicans we're going to put
some Republicans in jail so after
watching uh the obvious political
jailings of the January 6 protesters do
you think that the Democrats would stop
for one second if they had control of
all the organs of government from doing
a fake corruption
Crackdown why would they I mean it's
right there you just use it if you want
it of course they would it first of all
it's obvious it's like an obvious thing
to consider and if they had all the
power every every every bit of evidence
from the past suggests that they would
use power they have so right now they
don't have it but if they own the whole
government which is could easily happen
I think they
would there is a
uh a company that makes uh robots they
got one that can make a cup of coffee
now you can use your kg and put it in
the pot and make you a cup of coffee uh
the company is called
uh um AI Robotics and Archer Aviation I
think the founder of the company is uh
Brett Adcock ad
Co
now I don't know much about the founder
this Brett
Adcock but I'm just hoping he's not
trans because if he was born a
woman and his real last name was
Adcock well that would just be bad luck
that would be bad luck so there's no
there's no indication he trans but I
just hope it doesn't happen anyway the
uh yeah makes a good cup of coffee would
you would you buy a robot that could
make a cup of coffee with your coffee
machine would you buy a machine to use
your
machine well I would have said no until
today I've been keeping a log of my new
melee coffee machine it's a it's a you
sort of a built-in high-end coffee
machine can make fancy coffees and I
kept a record of how many uh
errors the machine gave me per cup of
coffee now sometimes I put two cups in
one mug but let's say one use and so far
to get nine nine cups of coffee I've had
to solve eight different error
conditions approximately one error per
cup or
mug one error per mug sometimes I have
to you know empty out the waste basket
sometimes I have to clean the the bin
sometimes I got to add beans Sometimes
some something's not aligned sometimes
it overflows sometimes it gives the
wrong amount of coffee
sometimes there are at least 12 errors
that cycle through so so routinely that
the odds that you could put a cup there
and push a button and get a Co
cup of coffee are
zero not really but they're very close
to zero yeah I already fixed two faults
this morning for two cups of coffee two
faults cups so yes if you said to me
Scott we've got this machine that needs
service every single time you use it but
we can fix this by getting another more
complicated
machine that's even less
tested I feel like the process of
getting a cup of coffee would then be
moved back from fixing the coffee
machine all the way back to fixing the
errors in the robot itself
so can you imagine anything that would
be more annoying than waking up and
needing your first cup of coffee and
knowing that you have to go to your
computer and decode and and unbug your
computer so that your computer that your
your robot so that your robot would be
capable to debug the errors of your
coffee
machine so can't wait for the
future well um dementia Hitler hash
dementia Hitler is still trending three
days can I take a Victory lap for that
yes that was mine dementia Hitler
apparently it was immediately sticky and
people are using it like crazy and it's
going everywhere so now has anybody
figured out why that's so
sticky do you know why because people
have been calling politicians Hitler
forever we've been saying that Biden has
dementia
forever but as I explained on the my man
cave live stream last night uh humor
often involves
oversimplifying so the concept is this
if you simply uh took a situation or
person and you stereotype them that
would be one form of
simplification but it it's not quite
funny yet if it's just a stereotype you
want to go to that extra level where you
over stereotype them down to the
simplest little thing when I think of
Biden I think of the freedoms he's
taking away you know all the ways the
Democrats are working against free
speech um I think of him jailing uh
political opponents I think of him
keeping his opponents off the ballot
those are all Hitler you know dictator
things so I have this sort of dictator
feeling about him because of what he's
doing and then I see him work I only see
dementia like I don't see anything but
dementia when Biden do you I only see
his flaws when he talks I'm like oh he's
going to fall apart any minute so if you
were to stereotype
Biden you'd say he's such a typical
Democrat and he's kind of old and you
know you might be doing something with
your freedoms but then you go all the
way to dementia Hiller and that's why
it's funny because dementia Hitler is
too much of an oversimplification
and that's why your brain your brain has
a laugh reflex because you recognize it
being true while also being such a gross
oversimplification it's not true so when
you tell somebody something that's both
true and not
true they'll
laugh because the brain can't reconcile
the two things it's true but it's not
true but it's true it's not really true
that that's how humor is formed humor is
formed when your brain can't reconcile
something
yeah you can see lots of examples of
that anyway so let's see how Joe's doing
he posted today that Trump proudly posts
on social media that the words best
describe his 2024 campaign are quote
Revenge power and
dictatorship and then Biden says there
is no confusion about who Trump is and
what he intends to do now I would
consider this Joe Biden trying to get be
killed let me say that clearly as
possible this is my president who is
saying things in public which are
inciting violence against me why because
I say that uh Trump would be a better
president I'm still backing the v
ramaswami he's he's my preferred
candidate but if Trump is the candidate
I'm definitely going to back him over
Biden as a trump supporter should that
happen and first choices isake but
should that happen I'm going to have to
deal with the fact that the current
president is telling the public that I'm
supporting a
dictator you don't think that makes me
puts me in danger of course it
does of course it is yeah so not doing
so good there um and that does sound a
little like a dementia Hitler business
and Biden also said that uh he's he sent
out a me that says you can't be pro-
Insurrection in
pro-america you can't be pro-
Insurrection in pro-america so now the
Democrats are absolutely running against
the founders of the country because the
founders of the country were of course
by definition revolutionaries and
insurrectionists so he doesn't like
insurrectionists the very founding of
the company country that was the concept
and they're also removing statues of the
founders because of slavery you know
it's a good argument actually but they
really are running against the founding
of the
country I'm not sure I hate that but
it's an interesting it's an interesting
approach but here's what I say about
that uh you got it
backwards in my opinion you have to be
willing to overthrow your country or
you're no American I would never
consider you an American like in the the
concept way not the legal way but I
would never consider you sufficiently
American if you are not willing to use
your second amendment rights to have a
gun and overthrow your government should
they need a good overthrowing now the
caveat is it should be for reasons like
good reasons as in violating the
Constitution grotesquely something like
that but if you're not willing to
overthrow your government you're no
American the the the right and indeed
the obligation the obligation to
overthrow your government is built right
into the Constitution that's what the
second amendment is about at least my
interpretation of it I guess others
might interpret it differently but your
your first and your second amendment are
very
squarely about making sure your
government doesn't abuse you if you're
not willing to overthrow your government
you're no American I say the same thing
about the flag if you tell me I can't
burn the flag well then the flag has no
meaning to me the only value to me just
personal of an American flag is that I
can burn the out of it right in
front of you I I can take that thing and
I can set that and fire right in front
of the you know the Congress of the
United States that's why I worship it
that's why that's why I respect the flag
a flag I can't destroy right in front of
my leader is no flag to be that that's a
piece of
cloth but if it's
indestructible because you can burn it
and it gets
stronger that's that's my flag yeah
so he gets all of that wrong
um but the Democrats are running their
Insurrection so the Colorado Secretary
of State uh says she won't count the
ballots that have Trump's name on
them
so we're actually at the point where the
Democrats are in open Insurrection
they're literally trying to keep
candidates off the ballot now they're
using their lawfare but there's no
reasonable person who thinks this isn't
uh a coup it's like a precu or a pre-
Insurrection keeping your strongest
candidate off the
ballot so that's
happening um but at least uh at least
the country is got doing well well
economically right so at least at least
jobs are doing
great well the new report is uh the uh
job reports been fake the New York Post
says the initial us employment reports
overstated the jobs this last year by
439,000
they overstated the jobs for the past
year by
439,000
and I've been we've all been saying hey
things are going
great they made up the numbers they just
make them up now when I say they make
them up uh here's how they figure it
out uh they've got
uh that that was more than 40% of the
payroll growth in
2023 so the payroll data was off by
40%
40% now ask yourself how many people
will see the story about the numbers
being corrected versus how many SW saw
all the monthly stories about Biden's
doing great and employment has never
been better well 90% of the country sees
the good employment numbers and maybe
10% maximum would see that you know by
the way they're all wrong none of them
are
right so that's a typical
dementia Hitler
play So yeah so employment not so good
but at least we have a solid vice
president to back up the president who
has
dementia uh what did she say lately KL
Harris vice president um she said at
this moment we are seeing extremists ban
books and attempt to erase Overlook and
rewrite the dark parts of American
History then she says for example the
Civil War which was was about
slavery the Civil War which was about
slavery now as you know our vice
president is an
idiot and uh her favorite salad is word
salad but here's the problem with uh
rewriting
history you know history was never right
to begin with
right has has anybody not realized that
if if you tried to write the history of
let's say the last 10 years that you've
been paying atten
ition how could you we don't agree on
the basics we don't even agree if there
was an in there was an Insurrection in
2020 it was on all the news fully
covered explored in detail and we don't
know if it happened I mean I know it
didn't happen but the news says it does
so what are the historians going to
write are the historians going to write
that it
happen now if you know that you could
not possibly write an accurate history
of our current time do you think we ever
could
really really do you think there's
anything in American history the way
it's taught that's
true I I think the basic facts of like
you know who was president who died who
won the war maybe well even that you
World War II You could argue who won the
war was it Russia or you know the other
allies so even basic stuff like who won
the war in World War II is a
little ambiguous was it kind of just
Russia With a Little Help from us so
kamla I would say that uh don't worry
about history getting Rewritten because
it was never true to begin with and
that's my honest opinion my honest
opinion is there's nothing in American
history that isn't designed for
brainwashing that's it you don't know
what anybody actually did or
why all right uh but here's the good
news um now you probably heard that Not
only was our our uh the the head of our
military who is not the president so uh
Secretary of Defense
Austin was uh in the hospital and uh I
guess he was in intensive care but at
least his Deputy was was in
charge well his Deputy we found out
didn't know that he was incapacitated in
the hospital that's right so the the the
top of our
military was unavailable for four four
days the number two
was didn't know for two of those days
that he was
unavailable so we didn't have number one
and number two under the
president we didn't have
them but thank God God thank God during
that time the United States was not
being
invaded I imagine if we've been invaded
like at the time when our military
people are not
available uh next story is uh our border
has been
invaded RNC research says that a CBS
poll says 75% of Americans see the
situation on the border as either a
crisis or very serious that's right 25%
say not so bad
25% yeah it's the same 25% who gets
every poll question
wrong I don't know if it's the same
people but there's always
25% and how about rasmason Rasmus
says 65% of the likely voters in the US
believe it is accurate to describe the
current situation with migrants at the
border with Mexico as quote
an invasion 2third of likely voters call
what's happening an
invasion at the same time our secretary
of defense was
unavailable and the number two didn't
even know he was unavailable while she
was on vacation in Puerto
Rico so I mean all of this makes you
think that our secretary of defense is
like some kind of a idiot right
like you you start to think oh my God is
our secretary of defense some kind of
like idiot or something well I saw end
wokeness on X good account to follow uh
talked about this story and included a
photo that I've never seen the pairing
of a point of view and a photo that
matched so well so now that we know that
our secur of defense is uh incompetent
I'd like to show you a photo a real
photo this I don't don't think this is
photoshopped a real photo of during the
pandemic uh secretary
Austin um reviewing the troops all right
so here's the guy that you have in
charge of making your important
decisions in your military ready for
this here you
go here you go that's right he's got a
whole Darth Vader head gear on because
he's trying not to get any germs on his
face that it's like he's wearing a
lampshade on his
head and and he's reviewing the
troops now do you know what those troops
are thinking as he walks by with that
lampshade on his
head here's what they're not
thinking I would die for
you I I will charge that Hill if you
tell me to because you're you're
inspiring confidence with that lampshade
on your
head
wow yes sir
anyway um ABC7 iwitness News talked
about January 6 they call it an
Insurrection without any quotes around
it so it's just an Insurrection
according to them and then they say it
has been described as the worst attack
on American democracy since the Civil
War
yep so I looked at the photos and it
showed the photos of January 6 uh with
the uh attack on
democracy and I don't know maybe I have
some vision problems or something but I
looked at the photo and I could see lots
of
protesters and I could see the building
the Capitol building and I could see
some uh you know the capital police and
I could see clouds and I could see you
know landscap and background but you
know what I didn't see in the picture I
didn't see any
democracy apparently there were
attacking democracy but I didn't see any
I saw a
building can somebody give me a list of
which buildings are also
democracy so if I trespass I'll know if
I'm attacking democracy in the worst way
of the
Republic all right can we call these
 idiots at ab7 news who say that
somebody attacked
democracy is that the dumbest thing
you've ever heard how how exactly do you
attack
democracy and then once you got it how
do you kill it do you beat it with a
stick where's the democracy is it behind
you now do you see the
Democracy it's behind me isn't it oh no
oh no is it behind me tell me is it
behind
me I don't want to
look all right well I think it is behind
me and I'm going to attack
it
there that's called attacking
democracy why do you use a term like
attacking democracy that literally means
nothing well first of all what were they
doing they were literally there to
defend
democracy Am I Wrong did did I miss the
whole point of January 6 I thought the
whole point was that the protesters
believed that democracy had not been
served wasn't the entire Point defending
democracy H how in the world are you a
news
organization and you somehow missed the
primary point of the protest the primary
point it's like a seminal moment in
American history and you didn't know
what the protesters were asking
for you you missed the basic the most
fundamental part that they thought the
election wasn't
fair are Democrats so lost that they
believe that the protesters knew it was
a fair election but thought they could
get away with an Insurrection is that
what they've been
told are they that dumb that they think
something like that
happened let me catch up your comments
over
here yeah well
anyway
um there's a report from unusual Wales
that black rock is going to lay off 600
employees mainly from their ESG Division
I guess Fox News is reporting
this 600
employees mostly from their ESG
division how many employees did they
have for ESG it wasn't all 600 but they
had hundreds did they really have
hundreds of Dei
employees
that's really
embarrassing imagine being the head of
Black Rock and the news reports say you
had hundreds hundreds of of ESG
employees that is so irresponsible if
you were a stockholder and you found
that out you should be pretty mad wow
that that is such a violation of
fiduciary responsibility but at least
black rock is colle correcting their
mistake now how does the how do the
Democrats and the Democrat Party how do
they rationalize the fact that even
their biggest allies have found out that
the Democrat approach to ESG is a
mistake at some point it's going to get
embarrassing if the business Democrats
are disagreeing with the political
Democrats and they are at this point do
you know who else doesn't like Dei Bill
Amman bill bill lman is not a he's not a
republican
right um just more on Dei so uh Google's
uh head of Dei uh Adriel Parker I think
she's on a video it's going around today
saying that uh she thinks it's terrible
that parents some parents are teaching
their kids not to judge people by their
skin
color it sounds like I'm saying that
wrong doesn't it
right she's angry that she that parents
are teaching their kids not to treat
black people
special now that those are my words but
she says it as clearly as
that isn't that amazing that that she's
in such a bubble that she saw she
thought that saying that publicly or at
least on a video that could be public
she thought that that was a perfectly
defensible
position
she actually wants people to be judged
by their color and their immutable
characteristics now the reason for it is
if if you don't put them in a special
class I.E judge them you can't you know
improve their situation so I understand
the point of it is to take people that
she thinks are in a worse situation and
Elevate
them but you can't do that without
treating them like there's something
about black people or there's something
about women or there's something
about
lgbtq that's
different
and I I can't believe she doesn't get
fired for that uh if that were my
company I would fire her immediately uh
even if I like Dei so even if I liked
Dei I would fire somebody for saying
this in my company imagine being a white
person and going to work for this
company imagine being a white person
applying for a job at Google
when you know that they're saying
explicitly that they want to make uh
different policies based on your color
it's very overt they're not hiding
anything why would you work there unless
they offered you like a million dollars
a year you know you're not going to get
promoted they're saying very clearly
that you're not you're very unlikely to
be promoted if they have any options
that would give them more diversity
they're not going to pick you so I
recommend a question for all white male
job applicants if you're if you're
applying for a corporate job I suggest
the following question and you might
want to write this one down or replay it
because the exact question matters let's
say you're in a job
interview ask this question if you're a
white male job applicant let's say
you're in Google trying to get a job at
Google I would ask this question do you
have a DI group in this company and if
so how can I be sure sure I would have
equal opportunity for advancement
here how could I be sure that as a white
male I would have equal opportunity for
advancement in your
company ask that
question Watch What
Happens yeah if you start asking that
question D I will die because you can't
answer that question if if somebody's
honest they're going to say well the
whole point of Dei is to favor people
people who don't look like you so if you
were to work here I'll be honest your
odds or promotion would be less than if
you worked at a company that wasn't
trying to address
Dei why would you work for a company
that would tell you people like you are
going to be disadvantaged at this
company it's R it's really direct I'm
not guessing I'm not like reading
between the lines is very direct it
would not be good to be be white and
male to work at Google because they have
a whole department to make sure it is
bad for you and good for other people in
other
ways so yes if you're white and male ask
that question you probably won't get
hired if you ask that question but if
they can't answer the question to your
satisfaction maybe you don't want to
work
there um I would go so far as to say as
I did on X there are no respected
Business Leaders in favor of Dei
there are no respected Business Leaders
in favor of Dei now you're going to say
to yourself but but what about this one
what about that one and I would say no
it's sort of a it's sort of a a trick
statement because if you're in favor of
Dei there's no way I could respect that
I don't have any respect for a leader
their leadership right and Mark H is out
front with Pro Dei and I would say I
don't respect him as a manager
I think he might be you know very
capable and awesome in a lot of ways I
like him in general but I can't respect
him as a business leader if he's leading
with
Dei you lose all respect for that that's
I I well I mean what else is there to
say uh Paul Graham who does have respect
as a business leader one of the titans
of Silicon Valley he said uh in a post
today he said there are two ways to
achieve equality leave outcomes either
you're going to raise up the bottom uh
or push down the top and since raising
up the bottom is so
laborious people focused on equality of
outcomes will always be tempted by the
seemingly easier expedient of pushing
down on the top there you have it why do
I say that polyr is a respected business
leader this is why this is why yeah he's
not saying he doesn't like
diversity he's not saying that he he's
saying very clearly that there are two
ways to get it you push down the top or
you elevate the bottom Elevate the
bottom is nearly
impossible because there isn't a supply
that's big enough for all the companies
right if they had a supply it'd be easy
it's like oh need more black people hire
more black people but the supply is low
so yes the the thing you would do if you
don't want to do something hard is to do
the easy thing now I'm going to add to
that that the two predictive things are
laziness and follow of the
money right the two most predictive
things if if you could say to yourself
oh we're designing this system and
somebody says you know people are lazy
they're not going to do all of that
that's a pretty good
prediction right and if you say that you
make more money doing this that's a
pretty good prediction too so
laziness and follow the
money two of your best strongest
variables for predicting the future and
who knows that Paul Graham knows that so
that's why he's a respected leader who
else knows that Elon Musk knows Dei as a
problem and was posting on it today do
you respect Elon musk's uh business
capability
yes
yes
all right yeah there are no Business
Leaders who support Dei who I would
respect for their I would respect them
as humans but not as
Leaders um The New York Times just
published a
story in favor of uh standardized
testing because the idea of getting rid
of the SATs so you have better diversity
performance um looks like that wasn't a
good idea according to the New York
Times so now even the New York Times is
against the Dei overreach so that should
tell you that there's definitely
something happened
here um and then of course I think I
mentioned that there was a study that
showed that uh what we all had been told
was massive racial discrimination in
criminal punishment turns out there are
no studies that support that well a Meda
study doesn't support it there there
might be individual ones with flaws but
if you look at body of research uh in
whole there does not seem to be evidence
of racial discrimination in criminal
punishments
um
but Academia as part of the same story
uh Academia has been telling us forever
that it was
true so if you think about it the whole
George Floyd Summer of Love riots were
because we all
believed well whether you believe or not
we'd all been told whether you believed
it or not that there was a huge
disparity and that the black people were
getting just you know abused by the
police and also uh the the criminal
justice system in general now that came
from academics because we rely on the
academics to tell us what are the
facts so I would say that the entire
George Floyd riots were I blame them on
our
academics I would blame
climate change craziness
on our academics not just the scientists
but really the academics because they're
the ones training the young people to be
active about it Etc in fact U where does
Dei come from the
academics I would say that our biggest
um problem in the country is that the
academics are
up you could you could pick literally
any problem in the country and trace it
back to a flaw in our academics meaning
the people the people are the teachers
in charge pick any pick any
problem literally any problem then as
soon as you think of it say to yourself
oh wait a minute if the public had been
better educated we wouldn't have that
problem at
all right you can literally pick
anything from unemployment to war to Dei
to the div divis iess divisiveness of
the
country it's all our
colleges it it's literally just that if
if they were teaching useful things that
were not propaganda we wouldn't be in
any of these problems I don't think do
do you think we'd be have a massive
mental health problem just from Tik
Tok or is it the fact that the academics
would support the massive uh gender
reassignment surgeries of
children probably the academics are on
that page yeah I don't think we have any
problem in the country that couldn't be
fixed by by replacing the academics with
less propaganda crazy
people all right
um apparently uh the William Penn
statues coming
down and uh Joel poock asked if uh if
Pennsylvania will have to be renamed I
guess William Penn had some slaves or
did something people didn't like I don't
know doesn't matter but uh he's been
cancelled now we have a problem because
we have a whole state that's named after
him
Pennsylvania so uh so Joel was asking
for some uh new ideas for how to rename
Pennsylvania when it comes to that uh
his best suggestion was feder
Mania I like feder main like you add
Maine at the end into feder feder M
that'd be good but I had a few other
suggestions uh penis
Sylvania penis
Sylvania because people don't like your
William Penn he's getting cancelled but
people love penises penis is still very
popular so penis Sania or how about this
one since we're making word playay jokes
about it how about pun Sylvania
pun so we'll we'll Rebrand the whole
state around word
play yeah Pennsylvania I'd like that I
would love to go to Pennsylvania or how
about make it more like Las Vegas where
they have legal prostitution and then
you could rename it to ponyvania pun pun
Sylvania now that's only funny if you
know that sometimes people say pun Tang
to refer to sex if he didn't know that
pun Sylvania is not funny if you do know
that you probably had a good
laugh Putin sanan speaking of fedman
John fedman senator from Putin Sylvania
um he's co-sponsoring a bill that would
uh ban members of Congress from stock
trading
and I say to
myself why can't we get two fedman and
trade a
chef like I'm okay with this kind of
Democrat I'm okay with this one he seems
to legitimately not like
 that's all that's all I ask you
know I don't have to agree with all of
your
policies but if you're oppos the
 well you've you you've got me
you you've got my interest Federman is
unambiguously opposed the
 and letting Congressional
people beat the averages by trading in
stocks that's some right there
that's some serious so Fatman
doesn't like he's got
me well hakee
jeffri um
Democrat um he's against uh he says that
election denial is a sickness that is
poisoning our
democracy yeah this a sickness election
denial that's what he says this here in
2018 he said uh the elections were
rigged you know a lot of politics only
works because the public doesn't really
pay
attention uh it takes about two seconds
to find videos of like compilation
videos of all the famous Democrats the
same ones who are saying that you know
that Trump was uh questioning an
election he shouldn't have all of them
literally questioning past
elections but how many people say say it
only the people who are on act and also
doing political stuff and on you know
have right leaning sources in their feed
nobody else sees it so to them they just
see some Democrats say hey stop
questioning elections and they're like
oh that sounds good sounds like a
reasonable thing to
say um oh chair chairwoman Elise
stefanic is opposed to Dei
excellent good to
know well let's see
um semaphor is reporting that uh Biden's
uh Team when they meet with the Press
they bring a spreadsheet of the press's
reporting so that they can give them a
grade and criticize their reporting and
tell them where they can do better for
Democrats now obviously the Press
doesn't have to do what they're told but
given that we all think that they do uh
apparently so like the New York Times
And The Washington Post have come in to
meet with the Biden team and the Biden
team will take out their spreadsheet and
say you know uh and they actually did
say this uh you're spending a little too
much time on this you should spend a
little bit more time talking about how
bad Trump
is that's actually happening yeah the
Democrats are literally raing the press
for how close to the Democrat message
they are and they're they're dinging
them if they not close enough now is
there any penalty if the Press decides
to ignore the White House and just do
what they want to do yes there's a
penalty they won't have access so they
won't be able to write a story that says
I talked to this person in the White
House they just won't take your
call so yes the White House actually has
control of the press by simply turning
on or off access to people who can give
them quotes and
news well uh Biden Administration is uh
talking to
Mexico about helping out uh stopping the
flow of immigrants but uh Mexico has
some demands so here's what Mexico wants
in return for being more active in
stemming the flow of uh immigrants uh
they'd like to uh get 20 billion
dollars to let's say
uh to deploy and I don't know basically
$20 billion for improvements in Mexico
and uh in Latin American and Caribbean
countries they want to suspend the US
blade of
Cuba did you know that Mexico cares
about the blade of
Cuba what's that all
about is it just a Hispanic thing
like why do they
care I don't know but uh they want us to
suspend the US blockade Cuba remove all
sanctions against
Venezuela again why do they care so much
about
Venezuela um and Grant at least 10
million Hispanics living in the US the
right to remain and work
legally let me ask you this do those
requests sound like uh a good
negotiating starting point obviously
they wouldn't get all of it or does it
sound to you like the cartels told the
government of Mexico pretend you're
going to play along but ask for things
they can't possibly give you it's a
poison pill it's exactly right this is
obviously a poison
pill th this is the clearest signal yet
that the cartels control the government
and they're telling the government don't
fix this because we're making a ton of
money charging people to illegally enter
the United States like a ton of money
it's not a side business it's like
billions so yeah it's exactly what it
looks
like all right
um the story of Bill aiman's wife keeps
getting more interesting but I think
I'll I think I'll spare you that if
you're not following that story it would
be too hard to catch up but uh I'll just
say that bill Amman went after the
Harvard president for first of all not
saying the right things about Gaza and
Israel but then also for
plagiarism uh and then people went after
Bill Amman but that didn't work so they
went after his wife so now there it's
like a full core press to go after his
wife and Amman is asking publicly is
this a new standard because it used to
be that you could fight as hard as you
want in the business or political realm
against the individual more more the
business realm but you don't go after
the family right in politics it's a
little different
but in business you don't go after the
wife and his b his uh I guess they're
political opponents so he's a business
guy who's entered a political field with
his latest activism to discover that
that rule about not going after to the
family doesn't appear to apply once you
go into the political domain see Hunter
Biden right yeah family is definitely
fair game it shouldn't be maybe but it
is fair game in the political realm and
has been for a long time so he's he's
now got to defend his wife and the
hardest part is that his wife apparently
met with Brad Pit several times
professionally she's an architect he he
likes architect stuff he had some
project he was interested in but his
wife is apparently brilliant and super
attractive and she was having lunch with
Brad
Pit man you've got to be real
secure if your wife is having lunch with
Brad Pit you got to be really secure and
I guess he
is I'm not sure if it happened when they
were married yet or when the timing was
but it's part of the story human
interest that doesn't have anything to
do with the main part of the
story um oh oh but now there's also the
story that of course Jeffrey Epstein
became part of the story
so apparently when Bill amman's wife was
working at the I think she might have
been the head of the MIT lab or she
worked there and uh I guess Jeffrey
Epstein once went to a presentation
there and donated $150,000 to the lab so
she had you know a brief little you know
donor meeting with them nothing special
but you can smear anybody with that
Association so these are pretty terrible
attacks
against his wife which I do not agree
with and I hope he goes nuclear on
that all right I think he
will um what's happening after the war
in Israel so Tony blink's over there in
the Middle East he's going to talk with
the United Arab Emirates and he's
talking to the Saudis about how to how
to do things after the war and Gaza is
over apparently the United States has
taken the ridic ulous position that the
Palestinians should be running Gaza
after things settle
down Israel is taking the more smarter
position at least General
galantes that Israel is always going to
have to have the security control of the
area so even if someone else is sort of
running and making sure the garbage Pi
gets picked up Israel's just going to
control it and that's the only rational
thing it would make no sense at all to
do this and then rebuild it with all the
people's minds the same and maybe worse
because of because of the war so it
would be ridiculous absurd to put it
back together so in my opinion they
should either leave it
unoccupied you know which has its own uh
horrific impact on the locals or they
have to post somebody else in charge
like the
Saudis with Israeli military control but
maybe some kind of Saudi or third party
who is willing to deprogram the youth
now I'll say it again you can deprogram
the
kids the adults not so much but if you
had full control of the children's
environment meaning that when they went
to school they would only hear what you
wanted them to hear you could deprogram
them you still have the problem that
they go home and their parents get them
but if you could if you could make sure
that except for the
parents you could you know deprogram
them right in schools you could
deprogram them but if you just put the
the same influence back in Gaza you're
going to get the same situation that'd
be crazy so I don't even know if the
United States is serious about having
the Palestinians run
Gaza like that doesn't even sound smart
enough to be serious it might be just
something they have to say so they sound
a little bit neutral when we're not so
I'm not sure they believe it it might be
just something they need to say for
position and that ladies and
gentlemen concludes the best live stream
you've seen so far
today and thanks for joining on your
xplatform and Rumble and on YouTube it's
been a
pleasure
um I'm just looking to see if there are
any comments on here before I say
goodbye
anything I need to
address it's an
unction
okay all right thanks for joining
everybody here and I will see you
tomorrow same place same
time