[Music]
hello everybody it's a wonderful
wonderful morning in it's time for the
best part of your morning the launchpad
to a great day it starts now but only if
you're ready if you're prepared if you
have something like a cup or a glass or
mug could be a jealous or tanker doors
time maybe a thermos possibly a flask
fill it with your favorite liquid I like
coffee and join me now for the
unparalleled pleasure of the
simultaneous set mmm oh so good better
than usual now we're doing a little bit
of an experiment today some of you may
have noticed although it might be a
failed experiment because today is
Sunday so we'll see so I've been doing
YouTube videos which are just these
videos I download and then my assistant
puts up on YouTube an hour or so later
and so I have all these analytics which
I can so I can see what types of videos
get the most of huge and how long they
stay etc excuse me
and one of the things I noticed which
I'm sort of testing today is that my
videos that have titles with words that
sound like they'd be bad for Trump tend
to get a lot of traffic so if you notice
my periscope title today was Trump
impeachment hoax now also I get a lot of
traffic when I talked about hoaxes or
persuasion so in theory the algorithm
should not be smart enough to know that
I'm not necessarily talking about
anything bad about Trump
but it should see Trump and impeachment
and if it's like all of the other videos
it will have a high usage now it could
be it's entirely possible that those
words just attract people so there might
not be anything about it was shadow
banning there might not be anything
about any kind of no algorithm
manipulation mischief or anything like
that it could be just people see that
word and they say oh this would be good
so we're gonna do a little test I will
talk about it just so that my title is
not a lie so the the hoax part of
impeachment is that neither side wants
it the impeachment is entirely about a
theater at this point now I'm not gonna
say there isn't somebody who would like
it if they could get it of course those
people exist but in terms of a reality
there is nobody on the Left who wants
impeachment because they know that that
guarantees a loss and there's nobody on
the right who wants it even though it
would help Trump's chances of winning
say all the experts so you have this
weird situation where our government is
so useless that we're arguing about
something that neither side wants think
about that could you be is it possible
for a government to be more useless than
endlessly debating something that nobody
wants they don't want it we don't want
it no but it was it all right so that's
the hoax part but let's talk about
shadow betting's more I think I told you
that over 1600 people have reported that
they've followed me on Twitter at one
point and then for reasons they don't
understand they got unfollowed now some
number of them are probably due to
technical this or that some number of
them are probably due to false memory
you thought you followed you didn't
something like that but 1600 and that's
just the people who saw this think about
all the people who unfortunately
once they got automatically unfollowed
they didn't see the poll so keep in mind
that I got a 1600 people who said they
followed me they unfollowed me at some
point automatically not their choice
and then they noticed and then they
refold me and they also happen to notice
that I did a poll so that's that's a
pretty extreme filter what about all the
people who simply thought they followed
me and then they got unfollowed they
didn't see the poll so I got 1600 people
with the smallest filter you could put
on it which is the people who happen to
notice they noticed that they that they
got unfollowed and then they went back
and refiling how many people is that the
people who didn't notice presumably or a
much bigger population because I
wouldn't notice if I somehow got
unfollowed from somebody but here's use
my caution so there are a number of ways
to explain it could be mass hysteria
totally possible could be that there's
there's nothing like anything like a
Shadow Man it's totally possible you
cannot rule out that it's just a
psychological phenomenon and people
imagine they got people that people
could easily very easily imagine that
they followed and it got unfollowed
totally simple thing for lots of people
to imagine even if it were not true yeah
I was getting to the next point one of
the commenters says it could have been
60 and under trolls so it's possible
that trolls came in somebody who wanted
to sell the story that their shadow
banning and pumped-up that number but
here's a slight argument against that
not a not a not a kill shot but an
argument against the troll hypothesis
from the moment I put the poll up hit
around 17 percent were saying that they
had had this experience and it was up
for days and days and days and days and
days and at no point did that 17 or 18
percent
get on range if it had been some kind of
organized human troll activity as in
somebody said hey as some website hey
everybody go v' over here cuz this will
be good for us
if sad happened you would have seen a
smooth percentage with a big pop and
then maybe you would have stayed there
and drifted down a little bit so the
fact that it it just stayed locked in at
around 17 or 18 percent from the first
minute to the end means that either the
hypothetical trolls were extremely
disciplined meaning that they were
voting in eighteen percent amounts all
the way through they'd somehow organized
so well that they could spread out their
votes which is totally possible that is
not technically impossible and it's not
organizationally impossible but I would
rate it as unlikely so you got that so
how do you know is it a bug is it a is a
shadow bathing you don't know so I'd
like to suggest suggest some ways that
you can shadow band wouldn't you like to
have the power to shadow bear other
people if you if you could have the
power to actually shadow ban somebody
who was on the other side wouldn't you
like that power you personally well as
luck would have it you do have that
power because you can just block those
people so I've been running this
experiment and again it is so good I'm
completely blown away at how well it
worked so several days ago I started I
told you I was going to start
immediately blocking all unpleasant
personalities and I thought it would be
sort of this permanent flow you know I I
thought somehow I would have something
like whatever the percentage is 10%
horrible people coming through just all
the time so I thought okay it's going to
be a lot of work
I'm gonna have to be banning a lot of
people not banning but blocking blocking
blocking blocking so the first few days
I was blocking blocking blocking and
next day I had fewer people blocking
blocking each day the number of people I
blocked trailed off until yesterday
maybe just a few just a handful and
we've actually gotten to the point where
I've I've extinguished almost all of my
trolls and I didn't think that was
possible so it turns out that there must
have been some people who were who were
the large percentage of all my troll
traffic I think I I actually solved it
now obviously it'll you know it'll slow
back up and I'll have to reblock again
but you have to try this now I am
completely shut off from the worst
voices so I've effectively is this true
or not given that anybody who comments
on my Twitter feed would get a lot of
attention especially if I interact with
them so I've taken all that attention
these trolls would have gotten on my
feed 317 thousand followers and I've
eliminated I have effectively shadow
banned the trolls now you could do it
too if all of you
shadow banned the trolls and I'm not
talking about people who just disagree
with you I do not ban people who
disagree with me disagreement can be
painful but it's also productive so I
will accept productive discomfort most
of the time yeah most of the time I'll
take that choice certainly I would take
it in conversational reasons so try it
if you would like to totally control
shadow Babic at least you're a little
part of the the world completely control
it if anybody makes any analogy to
hillier any analogy to concentration
camps and the analogy like that and it's
just a troll analogy block
even if it's somebody who's making who's
trying to make a serious point every now
and then I'll give somebody else a uh
you don't look like a troll but why the
heck are you making a a Nazi analogy
what is wrong with you
so I blocked them too because then
that's the Nazi analogy people can't be
helped they can't be they can't be
convinced they can't be reformed
they can't be helped so I blockable so
be very be very let's say aggressive in
your blocking so enough about that so
there was of course every time president
makes some new policy announcement
everybody goes crazy for a little while
yeah that was true when the president
said he was going to put tariffs on
Mexico if they don't do something to
stop their border crossing problem
several people have noted that the
president starts to mention with the
cartels when he talks about border
security now I think at least twice
recently somebody fact-checking on that
he's put the word cartel in you know
right in his tweet as part of the
immigration problem and that feels new
ish I'm sure he's mentioned the cartels
the number of times but it feels like a
slight shift in emphasis in fact his
last tweet talked about the cartels and
the Coyotes and stuff first and then the
illegal immigrants was literally the
last thing he said so he's he seems to
be changing the focus to this idea to
the idea that the cartels are running
the border so he's using embarrassment a
little bit to embarrass the Mexican
government for not controlling their own
border as many of you know you've
watched my periscopes you know that the
cartels literally control the border
crossing areas where the illegals are
coming the government of that Mexico
doesn't doesn't physically or militarily
control this place
that are actually controlled by armed
cartel people who are charging people to
get across the border so the president
seems to seriously making that shift
away from demonizing the you know the
people who have these young the people
are crossing illegally I have a terrible
time getting angry at him
I can't I never have really so I can't
demonize people who want a better life
who were a lot like people who came here
in the first place they have good
intentions they just need to get out of
a bad situation
if I were if I were a if I were a poor
person in Guatemala or Mexico would I
break the law to come to America yes
yeah let me say that as clearly as
possible
if you plopped me in Mexico or Guatemala
or one of the Central American countries
and you probably in dire straits and
there was no hope that I'd have a good
life if I stayed there I'd back my my
briefcase or not my briefcase my
backpack and I would come and I would
illegally cross the border of the United
States I would do it for myself I'd do
it for my family and I wouldn't look
back so when other people are doing
exactly what I would do how do I get mad
at people who are doing exactly what I
would do not even similar or
approximately what I do exactly what I
would do not not one bit different I
would do exactly what they're doing so
but still you don't have a country
unless you control your your border so
there are some things you have to do
even if they're unpleasant and border
security is one of them so people said
hey president Trump's making another big
mistake he keeps using tariffs as a
weapon and my god these tariffs are a
terrible weapon because they just hurt
the economy for us they hurt the economy
for Mexico blah blah but the latest news
is mexico's president and saturday
hinted this country could tighten
migration controls to defuse
Trump's the threat to impose tariffs
that's right
Mexico is getting more flexible that was
the point
do you think that the president was
saying to himself yay will collect some
tariffs no no he doesn't want to collect
any tariffs that's the last thing he
wants because it's bad for the economy
it's bad for their economy it's bad for
our economy the last thing that Trump
wants to do is collect tariffs well
that's not true it's the second to the
last thing he wants to do the last thing
that the president wants to do does not
change anything that's the last thing he
wants to do because the current
situation is the worst slightly better
than that is to degrade our economies a
little bit and you know do something to
stop the the flow or at least twist the
arms of the Mexican government to stop
the flow but here's the problem there
the president is about to unmask a
really really really important point
that the citizens of the United States
have been prevented from understanding
and that is the government of Mexico
doesn't control the reporter the cartels
- and I don't mean that in in some kind
of conceptual generic way it's not an
analogies hyperbole literally physically
with people and guns the cartels are in
charge of the border at the places that
the massive immigration is happening you
know there are places one of the
government's in charge - those would be
more of the legal border crossings which
have their own problems but the illegal
human beings are coming through cartel
control two places now can the President
of the United States say in direct
language our problem here is that Mexico
doesn't control the border so we have a
we have a non non-state military on our
border and that's our problem have the
President of the United States say that
in direct language
well you would normally think no that
would be so embarrassing
to our ally Mexico then you literally
couldn't say it out loud you could not
embarrass Mexico by saying what I said
into their language you can't do it
 that's when you have a normal
president this is exactly frickin why
people elected Trump I didn't vote but
those of you did this is why you wanted
him there are some jobs the only Trump
can do because he doesn't give a he
doesn't care about how other people are
gonna feel if that was his proposition I
mean I'm paraphrasing but it seems to me
that Trump's proposition was I'm gonna
do some badass things that other people
just wouldn't do because those badass
things need to get done there are some
tough jobs that other people are just
timid that are afraid it's too
politically incorrect it's something but
those jobs still need to be done so I'm
gonna be the the bad dad and I'm gonna
come in and I'll give you some truth and
that truth gonna hurt I'm gonna gives
you some tariffs those tariffs are gonna
hurt I'm gonna I'm gonna cause some pain
I'm gonna do that intentionally to get
to a better place sort of like you know
going to the dentist nobody likes the
Ben test but you got to do it
so it's tough dad so it feels to me and
yeah I'm getting ahead of my ability to
predict here but it feels to me that the
president is starting to make in the
evolution and a change toward the
political way of talking about Mexico
which is pretending their government was
in charge - slowly saying you know
they're ours the cartel problem without
saying directly that the cartels
actually control the border so he's now
halfway to the truth started with the
old fiction
Mexico has something to do with
immigration because they don't they
don't have anything to do with
immigration the government isn't part of
the it's not even part of the equation
they don't control the border
he's now mentioning the cartel in the
same same voice as the illegal
immigrants who are both the illegal
immigrants are both perpetrators of a
crime and victims of a crime at the same
time and it's unfair to talk to that
talk about them as just perpetrators or
even just just victims they are both if
you don't talk about them as both
perpetrators and victims simultaneously
because they're victims of the cartel
the victims of whatever they're leaving
whether its economic or danger so the
real real enemy is and has been the
cartels but for historical whatever
political who knows what reasons the
President of the United States can't say
what I just said it's too bad that the
Mexican government doesn't control their
own border there is a armed non-state
actor in control and they're essentially
terrorists and they're shipping and
drugs that are killing tens of thousands
of Americans per year what would you do
if you had a military power on your
border that was sending death into your
country you would attack them militarily
every frickin time but you can't do it
until you can name it you can't attack
the enemy until you can put a name to it
till you can identify it let me tell you
let me say this as clearly as I possibly
can I support military action within
Mexico's border even if their government
doesn't like it of course their
government wouldn't like it if it comes
to that I am a hundred percent in favor
of invading Mexico and I'm not there's
no hyperbole assuming that the facts are
exactly the way I've described them that
what we would be attacking
something that on paper is Mexican
territory but in reality is not it's
owned by the cartels if the United
States government attacked the cartels
on Mexican territory I favor that I
favor it
what's gonna happen is Mexico gonna send
a nuke at us now what would happen is
that the government of Mexico I'm just
spitballing here
because I'm no diplomat so that I could
be causing World War 3 here without
knowing it so don't take me too
seriously on this I'm just giving you
the citizens view of this as a citizen I
would be in favor of the US military
invading Mexico today I don't even need
a better reason I'm not waiting for
something to happen in the future today
we have all the incentives we need we
have absolute moral and I would say
legal assuming that we get it you know
approves through Congress or whatever I
think we have complete legal ethical
moral path for a military attack on the
grant on on Mexican territory aimed not
any Mexican military we definitely
should not shoot at any any Mexican
citizens if we can avoid it or at any at
least you know ones were innocent and we
should not shoot at any Mexican military
or a Mexican police unless the Mexican
police are owned by the cartels in which
case they are just the cartel so I don't
believe it's necessarily not necessarily
let me say it is in a more clean
statement I doubt this is a good idea I
doubt it's a good idea to attack Mexico
and the cartels but I don't know why not
so let's let's make that as put a
question mark on it if somebody can give
me an argument why we should not do that
I'd like to hear it because I can't
imagine one what I also am open to the
fact
that I don't understand this area well
enough to be able to see all the dark
corners so there could be plenty of
reasons plenty of reasons why we don't
attack the cartels but it seems to me we
could weaponize even the immigrants
coming across and say hey hey hey we'll
let you into the country but we need we
need a little intel on the cartels so
tell us what we need to know and we'll
just blast a blast a hole there so
there's that anyway my point was that
when people talk about the President and
tariffs they don't understand that the
whole point of it is to cause a change
you shake in the box
he says the variables that we have here
are two are not sufficient so the way
the the variables are arranged is not
getting anything done so I'm going to
shake the box I'm going to threaten
something that even I don't want to
happen but because my name is President
Trump people expect I might do crazy
stuff so if I threaten I'm gonna do a
crazy thing such as tariffs that would
you know be quite a burden on both
Mexico in the United States if I
threatened to do this you think I might
do this because you know what I might do
this so when he threatens to do
something that sounds crazy it's
credible because he might actually do it
like literally he might actually do it
and I'm not sure another president would
have a credible threat if you imagine
any other president would do we we
wouldn't even be having the conversation
so mexico's president is there talking
and sounds like he's a little more
flexible we'll see this is interesting
YouTube as I said before speaking of
shadow bending going back to that topic
YouTube shows me an analytics page that
shows me how many people have viewed my
videos so far they also show a public
number so if you if you don't own the
page so you can see the analytics only
the owner of the page can see the
analytics but if you're the public you
would see a number of people who viewed
the video
that number on my videos is often half
of what I know it is so you see what I'm
saying if you're the public and you look
at my video it'll say seven hundred
people have seen this so far but I look
at my own stats the you can see and it
says twice as many have seen it at the
same time now I googled to find out why
that could be why is it that the public
number is half now I don't know if it's
all always half but when I looked it was
half now somebody's saying it's a delay
it's a delay perfectly reasonable right
there are different systems what one
system is the analytics and maybe that
is more important to tell me
soon so maybe maybe that one's the sped
up system but they're both owned by the
same company the other one pretends it
doesn't know what their own software
knows think about this so somebody said
oh it's because there's a delay these
are two pieces of software and two
databases from the same company this one
knows the number as soon as it happens
this one is delayed I don't know what
hours days are you telling me that
Google can't do a database query of
their own data seriously there's a good
there's some good reason that somebody's
gonna tell me why Google can't can't
query their own database sure there's a
good reason for that I don't know what
it is but here let me tell you this if
you go to a video and it has a small
number of views are you more or less
likely to view it and are you more or
less likely to share it you know the
answer to that the number of views it
has biases you a great deal toward
watching it watching the whole thing and
then sharing it if it's true that
there's some delay between the numbers
that they know are more accurate which
they feed to the Creator myself so I get
to see what I am sure is the more
accurate number and they feed a delayed
imitation
estimate I think they call it to the
public can they not manipulate that
number to make sure it doesn't go viral
for example if you got the most viral
video in the world and you looked at it
and you saw that only a hundred people
watched it after a day just for example
if you saw that only a hundred people
looked at it and you said to yourself
man this is really good
only a hundred people like it would you
forward it sometimes yes but other times
you would be greatly influenced by that
number so here's my point I'm not
claiming that Google slash YouTube is
manipulating the public display of how
many people have watched it I'm not
saying they are I'm saying they could it
would be completely invisible to anybody
it would be simple they would not go to
jail there would be no penalty and there
would be a definite advantage to do it
when do you have those conditions how
often does mischief happen when there's
a good upside there's no penalty and not
really any risk of penalty and lots of
people are involved in other words it's
not just one person you can say yes or
no probably a number of people who could
make this happen in some way under those
conditions you almost always essentially
a hundred percent you get mischief under
those sets of conditions so again I
can't claim that mischief is happening
but the lack of transparency is exactly
why I understand the Trump
administration has opened up some kind
of a process to start looking at the
question of Google and whether or not
they have a monopoly that needs to get
broken up and the lack of transparency
on on the social media metric and that
that's just one of many examples that
the scary thing is the number of ways
that the social
many platforms could be influencing
things if it were just one or two ways
that they could do things you might find
a way to get some visibility on just
those levers and then you'd say okay as
long as we're watching these two
variables we don't need to watch
everything because everything else will
take care of itself it's not like that
there might be something like 80
different variables that could be
tweaked to bias things in one way or
another and there is no no entity no
person nobody we know of who who could
figure out what's happening if you've
got 80 variables that can be tweaked
it's just too complicated so any
mischief could be completely concealed
behind complexity and even if you found
out they were doing it they could still
explain it away
I'm gonna think about it suppose suppose
there was some government law they dug
into the algorithm and determines that
one of the social media platforms was
intentionally biasing things in some
specific way probably almost certainly
they could make an argument that it was
just to improve the public discussion
they could say yeah yeah whenever we saw
this keyword we knew this was a warning
that the discussion would turn I don't
know racist or sexist or something and
so we quite we quite reasonably then you
know down you know down throttled
wherever we saw that word because that's
not the kind of language and
conversation we want on our platform
would that be plausible completely
completely plausible as long as they
have any argument that says well it's
good for the health of the conversation
that's good enough and maybe it should
be good enough you know maybe that is
good enough so it's it's a pretty tough
nut to crack let's talk about Bitcoin
just because I've learned my title a lot
of people ask me Scott Scott Scott what
do you think is gonna happen with
cryptocurrency using Bitcoin in general
now I hate them to say that this is not
financial advice okay it is not
financial advice should not you should
never get financial advice from
cartoonists period everything I say
after this and everything I say for the
rest of my life is not financial advice
somebody says then don't give it I can't
give predictions so a prediction is not
advice I'm gonna tell you what I think
will happen and then I'll tell you that
you should not rely on me to make
decisions first of all I own a good a
goodly chunk of Bitcoin I own it I own
it indirectly through just a fun because
it was just easier so I own a fund that
owns some Bitcoin at the moment it's up
from where I bought it and up sharply
I've been tracking its movements and it
seems that when the market in general
gets shaky there's a tendency not a
hundred percent time but there's a
tendency for a Bitcoin to go up when the
market seems to be in trouble and
likewise when the market is doing fine
people would rather have regular stocks
than maybe a little extra risk with this
Bitcoin so it seems like this now it's
not every time yeah every now and then
the market will go down and Bitcoin will
go down yeah every now and then the
market will go up and Bitcoin will go up
but mostly they have this relationship
once up one sale once up one step now
should that pattern become more
pronounced over time and it looks like
it's self reinforcing because there are
people like me there are people like me
who mention it and when people like B
mention it then other people started
paying attention and they say well is
that true and by the way I'm not saying
this to influence it although I suppose
it could there's always that risk I'm
saying it it's an observation the more
people who observe this and by the way
this is something that's been in the
news so what I'm saying now is not me
making this up for the first time it's
something I noticed on my own but then
I've also seen it on the news so there
are two points of agreement people in
the news
and me we both saw the same thing and
that is the starting to work like a
protective store of value sort of like
gold it used to be that if the market
went up then people preferred to have
that versus owning actual gold so that
went down so gold and markets have a
have typically moved in Reverse when the
market is going down when people say ah
the markets gonna lose a lot money I
better put it in gold and that starts
going up so as our psychology about
Bitcoin starts to let's say solidify
around this concept that it is an
alternate an alternate store a value
such as gold then the value of Bitcoin
goes from speculative I think I want to
own it because other people will I hope
I hope more vendors will accept it so
therefore that would cause more demand
so that used to be the whole reason that
Bitcoin would move was psychology and
expectations and speculations and really
if he'd kind of stuff and it was so iffy
that's why sometimes the value would be
very high sometimes we dip but
psychology can harden over time Bitcoin
was new but it's not new anymore and
what we think about it is going to start
to solidify because it always does you
know though the way we think about
things tends to harden over time and
become more likely one thing where if
it's political to things but in a case
of Bitcoin we're gonna have some sense
that that a lot of things could go wrong
in the world but you might need at least
a few Bitcoin so what is likely to
happen in the future is that people who
are not Bitcoin investors they're not
really into Bitcoin they don't want to
be big crypto people but they don't mind
having 5% of their assets in a crypto
and if you're gonna have a crypto maybe
you spread it around you know you get
some ether you get some no other other
some other coins that are in the top
five but you're probably gonna put some
Bitcoin in there probably there's gonna
be a little bit coin in there so when
people start putting a little bit of it
into their normal portfolio it's just
that that little bit of an edge a little
bit of a hedge I mean got an edge
against worst case scenario you should
make the value of Bitcoin very solid
over time again for you those of you
joining do not get your advice from
cartoonists the big risk with Bitcoin is
that somebody comes up with a better
crypto that gets for whatever reason
more credibility could happen very
likely could happen the other risk is
that there's just something about
Bitcoin that could be exploited in a way
that we don't know when you thought it
was safe but it's not there could be
lots of surprises in the future so don't
bet on me but if you do bet on this make
sure it's a small part of your portfolio
and make sure you do it you're doing it
just as a as a protective hedge the same
way you'd buy gold the same way you'd
buy anything that would move in
opposition to the market so that's my
Bitcoin
prediction well well well
Andrew yang on twitter andrew yang as
you know running for president and the
Democratic side and he says in his tweet
according to twin studies between 1/3
and 1/2 of political alignment is linked
to genetics that is most of us are born
somewhat wired to be liberal or
conservative and then he says if this is
the case we need to build bridges as
much as possible it's not just
information or culture Andrew yang is
this close to getting my vote
he's he's a crazy nerd and I'm saying
that with affection because I love crazy
nerds you know if I could if I could you
know spend time with with somebody I
picked crazy nerd every time right
crazy nerds are great crazy nurse you
know that are the most probably among
the most valuable citizens so I don't
think Andrew yang is quite ready he's
not quite ready for that for the big
show
but when Trump is done whether it's you
know whether it's sooner or later andrew
yang is still gonna be young and his
ideas are still pretty interesting
because a lot of his ideas are technical
and you know they're modern and they
understand science they're they're just
a little bit more informed about the way
the real world works and this I don't
believe I've seen any major politician a
national politician correct me if I'm
wrong have you ever seen a national
politician tell the truth at this level
because the truth is that we're not
using we're not using logic and reason
or information to make decisions have
you ever seen anybody just say this
directly it's like now you're just it's
just built in half um it's just built in
now he didn't make this up of course he
it's part of science and it's well
understood science by the way I'm pretty
sure this is the scientific consensus so
I love this I love that he's introduced
this idea it won't go very far just the
the other political nerds like us well
we'll pay attention to it but it does
tell you that your approach to managing
should take this into account think
about this he is I would say that yang
is the second politician I can think of
who ever thought that maybe we should
run things based on the way things are
instead of imagining and pretend
things are different and then running
the country based on this imaginary
belief about people that's the way most
politicians do it they see how many
times have you seen politicians say the
American voters are too smart to fall
for this or I think I think voters are
smart isn't that the normal thing
politicians say that's so dumb
voters are smart what science knows for
sure science knows for sure that we
don't use logic and facts to make
decisions when when Andrew yang points
out that as many as half of our
political opinions could be just
biological has nothing to do with
thinking or information or or facts or
anything
this is baked into our genes and we were
going to go that way or not then you add
on top of that the social conditioning
and you don't really have anything like
thinking that's going on now the only
other politician who was smart enough to
understand that was President Trump he
doesn't use the same words but when
President Trump talks about you know
hyperbole and persuasion which he does
talk about the reason those things
matter is exactly what Andrew yang is
saying yang is just giving us the you
know the delightful nerd version of it
which is science is shown blah blah blah
were we're rational creatures and were
born that way
Trump is simply showing us that that's
true by acting as though failing the
fact-check 10,000 times doesn't matter
now I keep arcing back to this in 2015
I said publicly and often that candidate
Trump would change more than politics I
predicted he would win the election
before more than that he would change
and we understood reality this is what I
was talking about this specifically is
exactly what I was talking about the
most important thing people thought
about reality is that we were rational
creatures who made rational decisions
and when people don't don't
agree with us they're not very smart
they're their honor they're uninformed
or they're dumb we now understand that
how smart you are doesn't seem to make
that much difference we'd like it to but
it's obvious a dozen because there are
smart people on both sides of every
every discussion we'd like to think that
the facts matter but just look at the
Russia collusion situation did the facts
matter nobody changed their mind when
the facts came out nobody everybody just
said well told you the facts made no
difference at all
did the facts matter with the the fine
people hoax no no I've convinced exactly
zero people with facts and the facts
were as clear as they could possibly be
that the president never called the the
neo-nazis fine people he said literally
the opposite he condemned them that same
time so facts do not change opinions
president Trump knew it Andrew yang is
saying it directly and he's saying that
you have to find a way to lead he's
clever about it because what he said was
Andrew yang said if this is the case
meaning that if genetics is determining
largely our opinions because if this is
this case we need to build bridges as
much as possible it's not it's not just
information or culture so you know how
there are the the congressman steve says
culture is important a lot of a lot of
oh my god this is this is more brilliant
than I thought it was because when yang
says it's not just information in a
culture he's cleverly found to words to
substitute for liberal and conservative
and I just now realized that
conservatives are about culture the
Democrats the Liberals are about what
they think is information in other words
the Liberals live in an illusion that if
they could just get better information
over to the other side the other side
change their mind unless unless there
are toothless morons when you say that's
the Republican view I'm sorry the
wouldn't you say that the the left has
the general view that information is
what we should care about science
information data and if only they could
somehow convey this information to the
Conservatives the Conservatives would
just change their mind unless they were
toothless morons
and so what are the one of the people on
the left declare when they fail to
change anybody's minds with data and
information what do they declare is the
case oh it looks like we underestimated
the number of toothless morons we
thought there'd be a scattering of them
on the right but we're very disappointed
to find out that 50% of the country are
toothless morons and they can't see Dana
now of course they're living in an
illusion the illusion is that data and
information could change anybody's mind
and part of the illusion is the new
information would change their minds but
it won't we see it all the time do you
think information will change the mind
of anybody in the left it won't but they
believe they're in the solution where
information is the main thing on the
right you know I'm loving this Andrew
yang tweet more every moment that I
spend with because it's really
insightful but you don't notice when you
first read it when he says on the write
about culture that kind of is where the
right is at there you know both sides
would say you know that culture and
information matter but one side thinks
information is King the other side
thinks culture is King and he says you
need to build a bridge between these two
irrational zhh so Andrew yang he's not
saying it in the words that I just used
but he's very clearly saying you have
the irrational information people who
think information will change people's
minds and obviously it doesn't you've
got the culture people who think culture
is everything and while it's important
it's maybe not as useful as
should be in in a melting pot
multicultural world that is always
changing you know you can't lock down
your culture in a changing world things
change so you got to unworkable sides to
unworkable illusions and Andrew yang who
apparently is not it's not fooled by
either illusion because he's sort of
trumpian he's sort of polite but
trumpian is telling us that you can't
solve for that you can't solve that but
you can build a bridge in other words
you could find a way to work with it but
you can't solve it this is so freaking
insightful and completely
underappreciated now I don't think
Andrew yang has any chance of winning in
2020 but in 2024 if he is running I'm
gonna look pretty hard at him and it
wouldn't matter what party he ran for
sorry if you don't want to hear that
that may be painful for you because you
don't want to hear that but if he's
running I'm gonna take a hard look at
him likewise if in 2024 Mark Cuban runs
I'm going to take a real real hard look
at that because I think both Mark Cuban
and Andrew yang are operating at a
little higher level than our standard
politicians because they're a little
more compatible with science while also
understanding we don't live in a
rational world so there are people who
love science and they think they're in a
rational world and then they're they're
incapable of dealing because we don't
live in that world
what about Kanye I don't think Kanye's
gonna run Kanye has been delightfully
honest about his his mental health I
think he refers to himself as bipolar
now if we ever came into a situation in
which the science said oh we took care
of this I don't know if that's possible
he'd be an inch
in candidate but I don't think that's
gonna happen so I think Kanye maybe his
greatest value is not to get caught up
in the the BS of government I think he's
above it I think Kanye has sort of like
news for like your spouse so Kim
kardashian-west they are so powerful
individually that it feels like being
president would slow them down a little
bit you know because they have they have
things they can do that they're just
uniquely suited for doing in terms of
moving how we feel about things and our
priorities and all that and I think that
they would be far more useful and
productive as as just powerful voices
that we should listen to for our
conscience in a way as realizes in a way
Kanye and Kim kardashian-west have
become sort of a conscience don't you
think so if they were running for office
they'd be politicians if they were
saying nothing they would be
entertainers if they were saying a lot
but it was stupid they would still look
like entertainers because a lot of our
entertainers say stuff it's not so
useful not so insightful just doesn't
help but what do you call somebody who
who are world's tops of entertainers who
are not politicians but are saying
things that talk directly to our
conscience if you think about it that's
what kardashian-west
and and Kanye are doing they're talking
directly to our conscience so you know
Kanye is saying hey you know you can be
good to people you disagree with you
shouldn't be bullying Trump supporters
if you think about it these are not
policies it's not policy its conscience
its ethics its morality is that it's
love it's how do you behave with each
other all right
Kim kardashian-west fighting for the
rights of the unjustly imprisoned or or
let's say excessively imprisoned
conscience that's about conscience
that's about who you are that's about
you know what do you who do you want to
be it's not even about who you who you
are it's about who you want to become do
you want to become somebody who lives in
this better version of the world that
you know that the two of them are
presenting yeah I want to I want to live
in that better world and they're showing
you the way
so uh-huh Kanye West as in his role as I
would say a representative and probably
the best one of conscience is just way
too valuable to waste as a politician
I'd hate to waste it in that way and his
and as I said his history of mental
illness which he's very honest about I
think would prevent him from getting
elected because people would have
worries about that you know the nuclear
football but as a positive force in the
world even the fact that he's so honest
about his struggle with mental illness
is applause because that that resonates
with us and a lot of people say yeah I
got issues too
you know but maybe I can be productive
to it because you are so watching the
two of them work that hard so in terms
of hard work good intentions trying to
make the world a better place they
they're sort of becoming the country's
conscience and I like that because they
do it well all right I don't have much
else to talk about except that you
should go to the YouTube channel if you
want to watch this on replay it's at
just just Google real coffee with Scott
Adams it'll pop right up and if you if
you are an expert please use my startups
app interface by when hub and if you've
got a question actually if any of you
have specific things you'd like to see
an expert on the app
so let's say you're working and you're
trying to start a company you're trying
to solve a problem or something like
that
if you have some specific problem then
let me know tweet it to me or if you see
one of the when hub tweets put it in
there and I'll see if I can find you an
expert because you might have you might
need an expert in something very
specific you don't know how to Google it
there isn't yet somebody on the app who
has that expertise let me know tweet at
me and we'll we'll see if we can round
up an expert for you after this call I
believe I'm scheduled to talk to
somebody who who contacted me through
the app so I'll be giving some advice
later this morning and I will talk to
you later have a great day everybody