[Music]
hey everybody come on in here it's going
to be a fun coffee with Scott Adams
today we're going to catch up with Bill
P I'll invite him to join in a
moment and when he's on we will there we
go I'm gonna add bill
whoops in a
moment we're GNA have Bill pte here to
talk about the blight Authority but not
until not until we enjoy our
simultaneous
zp
uh oh I just
realized that if I keep my microphone on
I I won't be able to hear bill so I'm P
my microphone and see what happens okay
so my sound might get a little worse but
then you'll be able to hear
Bill Bill hey can you hear me now I can
hear you now hey Scott hey everyone good
morning good man um for those few
people who don't know you yet I'm going
to introduce you in just a moment but it
has to follow the more important thing
we have to do today I call it the
simultaneous
Sip and it goes like this you will grab
your mug possibly your cup your glass
your chalice maybe your Stein or even
your thermos you'll fill it with your
favorite liquid maybe you're already
prepared and you will join me for the
simultaneous
sip all
right
um yes with with my microphone on um you
could hear bill but I couldn't because I
used the same plug for my microphone as
I do as as I use for the headphones on
the iPad so this is
uh thank you all for coming and uh Bill
P
um let's talk about the blight Authority
can you give us the the quick
description of what it is for the
probably let's do it sure go basically
what we do at the blight Authority is we
take large equipment and other resources
and we go into neighborhoods that are
completely forgotten about in America
whether that be Urban or rural
neighborhoods we go into neighborhoods
where the police don't want to go where
frankly the government and politicians
have failed the people in the
neighborhoods and we go in we clean up
the area we get rid of the crime we get
rid of the blight and we make the areas
beautiful and we're doing it
neighborhood by neighborhood Scot City
by City we've done great work in Detroit
we did 14 city blocks in Detroit we went
to Pontiac Michigan where we've only got
about 99 homes to go and we're turning
around America's cities one city at a
time so I'm showing a few pictures that
you send me so here here's the type of
house in these blighted urban areas this
is just a corner of it I blew it up so
you can yes and the reason I sent that
Scott was because this is an example of
a home that is that that or structure as
I call it a vacant blighted structure
that needs to come down and there's a
whole debate right now about whether
these structures should come down but if
you live in these neighborhoods it's a
no-brainer it's like that structure
needs to come down and so I gave that as
an example Scott to basically show
that's totally non-reparable now there's
another one that I sent you that shows
what can be repaired uh yeah that's
totally not repairable just you know
that needs to
go but uh but some others can be fixed
up now which which cities are you
working on well we're working in Detroit
Michigan and Pontiac Michigan we're
about to veil in the next four weeks
Scott a new inner city that we're going
to it'll be either Atlanta
B Bill P got disconnected which he will
realize in a
moment and then when he comes back um so
he was going to tell you that we've got
other cities lined up there he is he's
back all right bill will be back and
finish that sentence in a moment
Bill P are you
back yes new Option here with Periscope
this pretty cool so all right so you
were just saying the which which cities
you mentioned Detroit and Pontiac and
it'll either be Atlanta uh Baltimore St
Louis Los Angeles we're looking at maybe
even Miami so we'll have an announcement
on which city we decide in the next four
weeks and we'll let everybody know
excellent um and so uh um Step One is to
get rid of these homes which which are
sources of every kind of crime corre
drugs drugs prostitution rape you name
it it's all happening there and when you
clean it out it it gives that
neighborhood a chance to uh to rebuild
you know once you've gotten gotten rid
of that now um You you work with the
locals right that's correct entirely
with the locals and as you said step one
is to get rid of the crime get rid of
the drugs make it a beautiful clean area
again and then steps two and three is to
do something different with it and I
know we're going to talk about that in a
second but yes we work with the locals
and I say um that we bring them you know
the artillery and the locals tell us
where to shoot the artillery we defer to
them so you work with the the city as
well as the the residents and the
neighborhoods who who pays for it all
where's the money come from Mostly
philanthropic everybody can visit blight
authority.com we''ve raised a ton of
money specifically in Detroit and other
cities uh it goes to knocking down homes
and cleaning cleaning the blight so it's
all philanthropic Scott all right that's
amazing and and the locals love this
right when the bulldozers come in they
get pretty happy don't they oh yeah and
I'll tell you right now we say when the
when the equipment moves in we turn on
the lights and the Cockroaches scatter
and I'm I'm I'm not kidding you Scott I
mean we bring these big pieces of
equipment in if you could just imagine
these big pieces of equipment running
down the street essentially I mean we've
seen drug houses scram out of the area
before when these people see these big
machines they get the heck out of the
area because they know overwhelming
forces arrived and that we're not
screwing around anymore all right I love
the the visual persuasion that comes
with you know just doing this kind of
work people see real things happening
you know I could imagine if you lived in
one of these inner cities all you've
seen is things get worse for 25 years
and then for the first time you see
Heavy Equipment changing things that's
got to change
how you think about your prospects as
well so let's talk about uh some ideas
let's brainstorm a little bit and maybe
we
can to participate if they had some
ideas they would go to blight
authority.com would they not yes blight
authority.com and go ahead and submit
your ideas we may be actually taking
some of your ideas uh and putting them
into practice in fact this one city that
we're going to be announcing we're going
to be using some of these ideas to
actually put them into practice so visit
us blight authority.com
so I'm going to show uh the audience
some ideas uh and now these ideas were
not we're not suggesting these are you
know the great ideas these are more for
brainstorming get your mind working
about what what the possibilities are
once you've got urban areas that are
cleared and very low cost because
essentially they didn't have value
before so um you know they could be
obtained by various entities for
whatever ideas they have so uh bill
would you be able to talk to the uh the
data center idea absolutely so one of
the things when we go in and we take
these big bulldozers Scott we remove
this area is we figure out okay what can
go there next and one of the things that
you and I actually talked about on Fox
News was this data center and we brought
it up on Fox with anley airheart and had
a good conversation about this this
effectively as you can see here is
taking vacant land and turning it into a
data center that can then act as a heat
source so for example imagine a city
like Detroit especially with the sub you
know 30 sub 40 degree temperatures you
could basically have a Data Center and I
think there's a lot of people looking at
this by the way across Herb in America
to put for for example a data center
have that heat then be recycled and then
use it to actually thermal uh you know
take care of the thermal aspects of
homes so for example you wouldn't have
the heating bills you wouldn't have the
gas bills Believe It or Not Scott people
in Detroit don't have heat in many cases
so this is an example where not only
could you go in and get rid of the
blight but then you could do something
very cool afterwards and this actually
came from one of your viewers Scott
which I think is the most interesting
thing about this one right and then we
threw it to the picture and again these
are these are just brainstorming
pictures I'm not claiming that that this
would be practical but uh I threw a CO2
scrubber in there you know maybe you're
doing something with the rising warm air
here we've got uh the Heat going under
the highways and sidewalks so you don't
have to shovel the snow so that that's
one idea now the bigger picture here for
this idea and the other ones you're
going to see is the idea of Designing
not just one building to go to go into
these uh cleared areas but rather to
design a system or to to look at a more
comprehensive way to um to to design
something that fits together and works
together well in that area yes do you
want to take that one uh so let let's
well let's give one more example of the
uh here's here's a
hospital so uh let me talk about this
one then Bill we'll talk about the
residential one after this so here
here's a concept where there's a
essentially a teaching hospital and then
around it would be a bunch of medical
startups so you would conceive this from
the start as a place that medical
startups can go to work with a hospital
that's that's connected to all the
startups but also maybe uh maybe it's a
way to lower health care costs because
you could imagine for example that you
would get better than average care but
because there's a little bit of
experimenting maybe they maybe you uh
give them the rights to some of your
data Maybe you agree to some tests that
are not invasive type you know things
that are safe um and and you've got
several benefits so you've got maybe
health care for the people maybe you've
created some jobs and maybe some of the
startups have some access to people in
testing and experts as well that's just
one idea now bill um we also talked
about some res itial ideas you can see
this on your screen as well can't you
Bill yes I can and you know what's
interesting about this one Scott is so
for example the the brightmore community
comes to mind in this one or uh the
grand Mount rosale area for example in
Detroit there are a bunch of
neighborhoods that frankly could benefit
from basically what you have here safety
cost work food and learning um I know
this sounds basic to a lot of people
live in neighborhoods but safety doesn't
even exist in many of these
neighborhoods Scott so to people looking
at this and saying you know what is this
it's it's actually this is a big problem
uh obviously work is a big issue in many
of these urban areas Scott people can't
even get work in the area so they're
having to take buses you know 20 30
miles out of an urban Corridor to do it
so the logic here Scott as you and I
think you Drew Drew this out very nicely
in in great Dilbert format here it looks
beautiful is basically a neighborhood
that can provide safety low cost work
food food is huge now in the urban
environment I mean has anybody heard
about what's going on in the urban
farming environment now in urban areas
it's unbelievable and then learning
obviously charter schools so I think the
idea here basically Scott is to start to
encapsulate you know some of the best
ideas that are going into urban America
but in a safe comfortable lowcost
environment for urban neighborhoods what
yeah let me give let me give just some
examples of the things we're thinking
about for the residential one so this
picture is shown as the residence is
forming a circle that's sort of a
security perimeter so that once you're
in you're safe and maybe you've got some
uh video cameras or whatever you need
for the added security but in addition
we imagin that each of these homes would
have an exterior entrance with possibly
a space with its own bathroom that you
could run a business out of it or you
could rent it yes so so that so that
each of these homes is both a residence
but it provides a source of income by
the way it was design designed so the
idea here is if you design from scratch
to build a system or a community where
you've considered all the things that
people need from transportation to
safety you could imagine a charter
school right in the middle because what
what changes your uh Bill what what's
the main thing that changes your
property value getting rid of the blight
well number one making it safe right
right but that in terms of building
something new that the school is going
to be one of your biggest factors school
education is huge education and safety
are huge so if you if you come to my
town and somebody's looking for a place
to live the first question is tell me
about the schools and that that that
becomes the base question for how much
they're willing to pay to live there and
if the answer is it's the best school in
in the county then they're willing to
pay a lot more so you plop a um Charter
School in the middle of a bad area and
you you ring it with security
you you've you've already changed the
value of that Land by I don't know a h
hundredfold that's correct you've you've
significantly increased depending on the
neighborhood you've significantly
increased the value of it if you can put
safety in and education those are
fundamental right and then who wants to
move into a dangerous neighborhood
voluntarily right no so uh also in the
news you know we're hearing people
talking about uh Universal guaranteed
income um for some folks and while
that's
obviously a an impractical idea the way
it's conceived think about a future
where you could design homes that are
better in terms of livability than what
we have now but are also way less
expensive so if you designed it from
scratch using what we've learned maybe
maybe robots are building them maybe 3D
printers maybe they come in a kit form
but you could imagine a lot of ways that
you could get to a lower cost life at
which point the universal basic income
is less important because you could have
a a lesser job and still pay for
everything you need so if you're
thinking about how to build a resident
Community from from the bottom up you
you you say how do they afford it how do
they get an income how did they get safe
how did they get a school that sort of
thing so you can see that the
possibilities are enormous now Scott if
I could just jump in I've seen a lot of
uh questions here asking you know who
owns the land once you clean it it's a
great question question we frankly don't
even uh in terms of making sure that
we're successful we want to turn the
land over to the residents or we want to
turn it over to the city so we view
ourselves as a philanthropic
organization that basically turns the
Lots over to people either in the
neighborhood or otherwise you can take
better care of it so it's just a common
question we get I saw a lot of people
asking it's a great question all right
and what what's the hardest part about
this process I mean uh I I I don't want
this to go to your head bill but this is
something that probably people have
wanted to do and tried to do but it's
just hard what what is it what is it
that you do that that gets gets through
the hard part so what it's it's
basically coordinating with everybody so
it's coordinating with the county it's
coordinating with the city and the mayor
and it's coordinating with the governor
and as you can imagine getting all three
of those people it's like an orchestra
trying to get you know all three of
these people to work together and
sometimes you have to say look you know
this won't look so good if you keep let
letting these people live like this um
but you try to hope that they'll do the
right thing and actually I think when we
show up on the scene Scott and we say
look here's the solution one two and
three here are the three things that you
need and they realize meaning these
politicians realize that they don't need
to do a lot of the work and they just
let us you know basically uh you know
work with each other uh it ends up
turning out pretty nicely so far anyway
Scott but we'll see I mean we're going
to this next city that we're going to be
announcing and uh hopefully we can take
it across America we'd love to take it
across to every city in America yeah the
great thing about this is that uh you've
worked out the basic process and now
that's correct there's no reason it
can't be cloned in in other cities to
get us all to the same point and that's
correct I was in one city the other day
Scott and I was walking down the street
with somebody and they were trying to
tell me how unique it was to their city
and I turned to the guy and I said look
man I said I gotta be honest with you
this happens in every urban city in
America he says well what do you mean
and we walked through it we're actually
talking about trash and illegal dumping
they are having a problem with illegal
dumping people don't realize this but in
these Urban cities Scott you have this
problem with Urban dumping people from
the suburbs coming in and dumping and I
was explaining to this gentleman
basically how when we go block by block
and we clean up the area Scott what
happens is people stop dumping in the
areas and they know that the police are
going to go after them and they know
that it's going to have to be pristine
and clean and uh that's how you clean up
these neighborhoods Scott well now now
you're making me feel bad because I've
been taking all my garbage to San fr
Frisco and just dumping
it now now I feel that's
wrong there is actually people who do
this kind of stuff Scott I know it's
hard for everybody to understand because
it's okay Bill terrible Bill I know that
uh you're you're on a schedule here
today and thank you for taking the time
to share this with us uh so blade
authority.com is where people could go
to uh give their ideas or to find out
more is there anything else uh you'd
like to tell us Bill no just thank you
and thanks so many people the amount of
momentum that we're seeing in the news
media for this subject Scott I mean it's
incredible the momentum that's picking
up nationally for this so I think we're
really changing the subject and it's
because of guys like you as well you
know famous people like you are
influencing this so thank you for your
help right uh thank you I mean you're
you're doing the the hard ugly work that
everybody wishes somebody else would do
but you're actually doing and and you
know succeeding greatly so thank you so
much and I think you can you can hang up
on your end thank you Scott take care
byebye take care bill all right we got
some other stuff to talk
about
um you know I like to like to talk about
this topic uh every now and then keep
people informed and get people
interested if they want to join in but
we got other things happening in the
news did you see in the news that um I
think Fox News has the scoop that
um I'm just looking at your questions
coming through oh people asked me to put
back in my microphone and I think that's
a good idea so let's see if I can plug
this in and not lose you let's see what
happens all right I'm going to guess
that that
works uh has Ben Carson and HUD been
helping bill bill is connected with
uh the
administration components that he needs
to connect with so he's he's made
connections at HUD uh he's made
connections everywhere that that make
sense so that's part of his magic is
that he's an amazing connector of
people
um so somebody says sounds great
somebody says it's Buzzy might be Buzzy
because where my phone
is see if that makes any difference
anyway
uh some P some people say the phone is
fine uh let's talk about the Middle East
peace plan so apparently the
Administration has a middle east peace
plan and
uh the uh the news is saying that we
won't see it until April but here's what
to look for I'm going to give you a
preview of a middle east peace plan now
now number one why would we think that a
middle east peace plan would work now
when it's never really worked
before uh good question and here's my
all right so let let me just say I see
your comments that say that some of you
have a great sound and some of you have
a buzz please stop telling me that
there's a buzz in the sound because I
see the first 500 people who said that I
can't fix it and there's nothing I'm
going to do about it but I appreciate
you told me just you don't need to send
500 more messages to say there's a buzz
because there's nothing that's going to
change um at the moment so here's what
to look for in the Middle East peace
plan number one we might get the answer
to the question why has the president
been so nice to Saudi
Arabia I think we're going to see the
answer to that question meaning that
Saud Arabia is probably going to have to
be an important player in whatever this
peace plan is so we might see the the
answer to that mystery we might also see
why the president has been let's say
more more uh friendly to Putin than his
critics think he should be because
Russia is going to be a big part of
whatever happens in terms of Peace
plans we're also going to see that Iran
is pushed to the brink of economic
collapse and I haven't seen them making
a lot of noise about uh being
aggressive they they've been more
complaining about things than they have
been militarily aggressive and they're
seeing that their their you know their
Ambitions are being shrunk every day
over there so the table is set you've
got Iran uh losing and losing and losing
and they need to they need to put the
tourniquet on and sign some kind of a
deal to to become more productive you've
got really strong players involved in
terms of negotiating and willing to work
with each other because whatever you
think about President Trump he's a
strong player right whatever you think
of Putin and whatever whatever evil he's
done he's a strong player whatever you
think of Saudi AR and the Crown Prince
and you know I know that you've got
you've got your problems with them and
you've got your problems with all of the
players he's a strong player whatever
you think of Israel and Netanyahu he's a
strong player and you know I think you
could go right down the line that we
have we have the strongest set of
capable
players that we've ever had that are
important to this this issue in my
opinion so you have the Bold
bravest
smartest most
flexible group of people who have ever
who have ever had to deal with this this
issue so I would say that
uh I would say that I'm very interested
in this peace plan and you could be
surprised as some of
it um now the pelis
Ians have seem seem to have been
marginalized and have no have had no
significant success in a long time so
you know everybody's everybody's pushed
to the
Limit where flexibility happens and I
think all parties are ready to get
flexible at this
point all right
um did you see the uh presidential
announcement of Amy
kobitar in the snow we have to talk
about that now I've never seen a worse
first
impression because for most of us let
say the vast majority of the country um
people didn't really know who she is
right if she's not from your state you
probably didn't know who she was and I
would not have been able to recognize
her in a crowd and I still can't because
the pictures I saw she was covered with
snow and I thought to myself okay I like
the fact that the the snow and doing it
Outdoors maybe got her a little extra
attention so that part was
good but I don't know if it's the right
kind of attention because all I could
think when I watched her out in that
snowstorm is number one she doesn't care
about the comfort of her supporters cuz
that you know that was a bad day out
there in the snow number two she does
not plan well and her campaign that
figured out this was a good idea they're
they're not the best right this doesn't
look like the best thing it looked like
somebody who didn't plan well and now
now you might say to yourself that's not
the case Scott they did plan out this
they knew what the weather would be they
did it outside for for effect it was all
part of the show well maybe but it
doesn't come across that way it comes
across as amateurs who just didn't think
it through didn't think how it would
look didn't plan enough for the fact it
would be a driving snowstorm that would
make the candidate look like look like
she was it made the candidate look
cold and
alone you know how candidates are always
standing in front of a crowd there's a
big crowd of supporters behind them
because then you see the candidate and
you say to yourself wow that candidate
has all these people behind them you
know that's the visual remember the
visual always wins so the visual here
was she's out alone in a dangerous
snowstorm and nobody's helping her and
doesn't have any supporters because
she's you know there's nobody behind her
there were lots of supporters in front
now I don't know how many supporters
because I didn't I didn't uh I didn't
really I didn't see the the camera pull
back but I don't think there were that
many the president of course took
advantage of the snowstorm and to joke
about her talking about climate change
and global warming while she's literally
covered with snow now of course all of
the president's
critics uh come on to his tweet and say
you fool don't you know the difference
between weather and climate and here's
the thing at this point I'm pretty sure
he knows the difference between weather
and climate but I think he's having fun
with it at this point because he knows
it makes people crazy when he does this
so I don't want to read his mind I don't
want to assume what he knows and what he
doesn't know about climate change but
I'm pretty sure somebody's mentioned it
to him at this point and that he's just
having fun with it
now all right
um yeah cold is weather hot is
climate right all right so what were the
other
topics what were the other
topics
um oh yes our friends in Iran are still
chanting death to America so did you see
that uh
kamani uh he issued a clarification or
he he gave a clarification in some
speech or something and then he tweeted
it and the clarification was that the
phrase death to America does not mean
death to the citizens of America but
rather it means uh death to president
Trump uh Pompeo and John
Bolton so so Iran is now getting
technical when we say death to America
we don't mean all Americans we just mean
specific Americans the ones you've
chosen to be your leaders we just want
to kill the
leaders to which I say you know if you
ever succeeded in killing our leaders we
would kill all of
you just putting that out there uh in
the unlikely event that Iran was able to
kill John Balden Mike Pompeo and
president
Trump Iran would last another 10 minutes
and then would be
vaporized so it's a bad idea maybe maybe
you should not chant these things
perhaps perhaps less chanting more peace
so but here's here's the the good
news the good news is that when you hear
them chanting no no no it's really about
the politics it feels like a softening
in other words they're they're trying to
make the case against War
because if they wanted war they'd say
let's let's kill all the Americans too
and we have this weird situation with
Iran that I don't know if I've ever seen
before the Iranian
people like the American people and the
American people by and large like the
Iranian
people I I have you ever seen a case
where two countries were sort of in a
semi warlike posture may maybe more than
semi and at the same time the the
citizens all uh oh at the same time the
citizens all seem to like each other I'm
going to talk to Brian of London let's
let's add a guest here see if this
works
Brian I'm I'm adding Brian of London
here for a comment because I think Brian
is
in Israel Brian are you there I am yes
I'm in Israel you're in Israel so I
am and and I know that you keep up with
all this stuff we've U we've
communicated before um so Brian what's
the view from Israel about uh the news
that there might be a peace plan in the
making and and what's and what what are
people saying about Iran at the moment
well um actually I just I pressed join
when you started saying about the
Iranian people versus and that's
absolutely correct and you don't hear
about it I don't I don't that there has
always been a an an underground
pro-america thing you know Iran back in
1979 was a pro-america country ruled by
the Sha you know it's more complicated
than this and they've been taken over by
this Islamic Republic since 1979 doesn't
mean everybody followed it always um on
the on the Israel and the peace process
though the Palestinian peace process I
still I'm sitting here and it doesn't
make a difference for Shia versus Sunni
for for Iran versus Saudi Arabia whether
we have peace in Israel it's just not
Central it's not Central to what's going
on in Syria um it just we're just not
that you know every time I hear about
Trump's peace
plan I don't I just don't get the
centrality with which the American Press
paints it um well so that's that's a
good question it seems to me that when
we talk about a middle east peace plan
we're no longer talking about the
Palestinian Israel question that's just
a part of it right I mean the bigger
question what do you do with Syria you
know what's what do we do with Iran and
it seems to me that the um and maybe you
can um inform me better on this but if
Iran became serious about peace wouldn't
the Palestinian Hezbollah situation also
be easier to solve is Iran the biggest
problem to all of that Iranian funding
of Hezbollah is a huge problem because
they're the ones with missiles pointed
at my house um so yes but the idea to me
it's just Unthinkable that the Iranians
will turn around and suddenly go do an
about face no matter how persuasive
Trump is because they've got the Quran
in their back pocket and the Quran is
telling them something different to what
Trump says um and and you know same with
the Saudis but coming at it from a
different direction because they've had
this basically this battle ever since
the the death of Muhammad as to who's
the right Muslims you know that battle
you know Israel's just a recent arrival
in this this that's going to go on a lot
longer than Trump uh and Israel didn't
Sol that well but let me ask you this
you know uh of of course there's you
know the the religious um you know the
religious uh overlay to all of this but
but these are real human beings who have
to make practical decisions and even the
leaders in Iran they do see that Israel
is just GNA be there right do do you
think that there's do you think there's
anybody in Iran and I won't ask you to
read their minds but do you think that
the the Ki thinks that Israel would ever
go away during his lifetime or or the
next does he really think that's
possible I I believe that if he had the
me make us go away I.E a nuclear bomb he
would do heartbeat no matter what that
means for Jerusalem or the Palestinians
who live here the hold on we lost a
little bit of a connection there but did
you say that if you thought did you say
that if kammani had a nuclear bomb that
he would definitely use it on Israel
that's my
yes now I've been listening to them for
20 years they keep saying
that death to America really it meant
death to America and it meant death to
Israel long before Trump appeared well
they've also said consistently that when
uh uh there may be a difference between
what they say in English versus what
they they say in other languages but um
they have clarified and I'm not saying
that we should believe this right if if
I were in Israel I would assume that
every threat coming out of Iran is 100%
serious so there there's a way you act
but then there's also looking at the
odds if if you could be objective about
it and it seems to me that they've also
said that their problem is not the
people of Israel but rather it's the the
political the political situation which
is that it's a Jewish State and Etc the
people are Jews and the only way we can
express our Jud ism is to be a Jewish
State because we've tried living as a
minority under other people and that
that hasn't worked and and we got the
message 70 years ago and said no more of
this minority stuff you know America's a
safe place but not the Middle East but
my point is that nuking Israel would not
accomplish their goals because it
wouldn't be useful I mean nobody could
use Israel after it been nuk and they
would be immediately destroyed so it's
not like they could take advantage of it
and and and they would have killed the
people of Israel which they claim are
not their enemies rather it's the
political situation whether or not you
believe that I'm just saying there would
be an inconsistency with what they're
saying so from the
outside I I always believe I believe
this with North Korea and that seemed to
have been true remember uh if you were
following the North Korea situation we
assume that Kim Jun was literally crazy
yeah literally crazy and that he would
nuke things and die and he you know he
didn't care who died and all that and
then as soon as you test that assumption
you find out that he's probably closer
to a reasonable guy than whatever we
thought before and then suddenly there's
progress I feel like as crazy as we
believe the the mullo are that if you if
you were ever in a room with them and
they could speak honestly they would say
something like well I know we're never
going to destroy Israel I the thing is
I've read the Quran for a number of
years I've read the the stories of the
life of Muhammad and so on
and I agree with you on North Korea
because I don't think they wake up every
morning saying a prayer that says
they've got to take over the world for
their God whereas the Iranians actually
do you know it's screamed from the
loudest from from from the top of the
mosque um you know come to prayer and
they you know Muhammad's Farewell
Address said you know I have been
ordered to conquer fight all men until
they say there is no God but Allah that
is an ideological problem if it's
repeated into your brain every day five
times six seven 18 times a day um
whereas the North Korean I agree the
North Koreans as far as I can see do not
have an expansionist desire to turn the
entire world into North Koreans whereas
Islam unfortunately has shown over 14400
years that it does have an expansionist
aim and it does want to convert people
all right but but let me let me put this
in another context and again I will say
that if I were in Israel and even as an
ally of Israel you have to treat all of
those threats as 100% realistic so in
terms of decisions you pretty much have
to treat them as real but
um I I like to drill down on this just
in case there you know we can get a
better understanding or something now it
would also be true
therefore that Iran has plans to conquer
China in terms of Islam is that would
would that not also be part of their
grand plan it's not just Israel rather
they would like to conquer China but do
they but do they wake up in the morning
and say yeah any moment now it might
take a while but we're going to get
China because God say so I really do
believe that they would go after China
but there is a good theological reason
why Jews why it's more important that
they cancel Jews first you know that
that there we Jews were around in the
time of the Prophet Muhammad their
Prophet Muhammad the Chinese are not
mentioned um Jews rejected Muhammad as a
prophet you know we did and we got
slaughtered for it in Arabia and we got
chucked out of Arabia so there's there's
there's history you know and so we we
matter more because they know you know I
think deep down they do know that all
right so I get so I get that there's you
know a special history and a a a special
dislike for you know for Israel the the
Jewish people among the Iranians or at
least the Iranian leadership for sure um
but there's but still people are of two
brains all the time in other words
people can carry with them their
religious belief and and actually
legitimately believe it well in their
daily life they don't act that way that
that's fairly common right that people
don't actually act the way their beliefs
sincere beliefs tell them they should
act it's that's the most common thing is
to be is to be two people at once and it
seems to me that there's some there's
got to be a practical understanding that
Iran would be destroyed far before
Israel would be destroyed and since
that's that will never be their ambition
to destroy their own country it seems
like on some level they know they're
going to have to reach an accommodation
now let me let me suggest this if they
could ever come up
with some way to believe that they could
politically Prevail in the long run um
would that satisfy their religious need
or do they have to conquer by violence
in other words could they ever be
convinced that they can spread their
Islamic beliefs through the internet
through friendly connections through
immigration you know could they ever be
convinced that they don't have to Nuke
somebody or or kill them to get it done
is that would that fit within their
belief system I I think it already does
I think um the very first spreading of
Islam is the the al-hijra that the move
from Mecca to Medina and that you know
that was an immigration to found an
Islam State that's what alhed means
that's the start of the calendar so I I
I don't believe that they they don't
necessarily say that it must be done
through violence and Conquest they
actually you know that they'll do it any
way uh that they can but you know to get
something back to just one little thing
you said there um when
you they do hold this in two ways in
their heads you know I think it's a very
important thing they're not all behaving
um
uh at all the time religiously and thing
but the the for Islam politics and
religion are the same thing they that
that's their entire Outlook it's mixed
and you
know we can't take any risks the only
reason they I grew up as a child of the
the the cold war with the Russians okay
you know sting song do the Russians love
their children too and I still
fundamentally believe that based on the
sort of Christian cult that that Russia
came from even though the Soviets sort
of try to suppress that they do love
their children in the same way do so I
don't believe in mutualist or
destruction as a deterrent with the with
the
Iranians um but it has worked wouldn't
wouldn't you say that uh if Iran wanted
to attack Israel at the risk of not even
risk but uh at certain annihilation in
other words if Iran wanted to just
conquer Israel it didn't care about
surviving as a country didn't care how
many people died doing it they could
take a shot at it right now so well they
have taken they were involved in the
attacks in ' 67 and 72 uh 73 so they've
they've done they've tried but since
since the sort of nuclear era they
haven't had nuclear weapons but that's
why you know that's why we reating with
such unbelievable horror to Obama
because we just didn't perceive that it
that that it was going to give us the
shity that they wouldn't have these
terrible weapons that could take us out
in one F swop but but my point is they
are already acting against their own
religion by not attacking already the
fact the fact that they would not win
should not in any way no no no no no no
there's a there's a religious
commandment to say if you can't if you
don't think you can win you get you take
what is called a Hooda it's a up 10 year
and then it's a renewable every 10 year
it's a truce that Waits until the
Muslims are strong enough to attack it's
called that actually their word for
peace Buna which is this temporary it's
a temporary restraining order until such
time as they feel strong enough to
attack properly right so as long what
we're living under but but the strong
enough to attack mean that you you would
attack and survive or would it be good
attack and win
they're not stupid uh they're very very
much not stupid uh the Iranians are very
very smart people and they're very
industrious and they they have the
technical capabilities to to to fight
and fight well but they they wouldn't
launch they might launch a suicidal
attack if it achieved the aim that they
wanted which was our destruction no our
destruction ranks higher than than I
think their
survival so in your view the lead years
of of Iran if they could completely
destroy Israel but it would also
guarantee their own complete destruction
they would take that
choice I think that there are enough of
the crazy people there and they hold
enough of the levers of power to make me
very scared if those levers of power
connected to nuclear weapons on on on
launched ballistic missiles yeah I agree
so let me just iterate for one other
time if I were in Israel or even as an
ally of Israel which we are we are we
have to treat all of those risks as 100%
certain you know threats yeah you know
you don't you don't really have the the
the luxury of say well I don't think
they really mean it so so I'm completely
on the side of treating it like it's
100% guaranteed risk um and and thank
you for giving us a little uh background
on that this was great fun thanks very
much for having me all right thanks
Brian
um and you you can just sign off on your
own
there all right that's all I'm going to
talk about for today and I will talk to
you all tomorrow