[Music]
hey
everybody come on in
here today might be the best coffee with
Scott Adams you've ever
seen that's especially true if it's the
first
one so get in here gather around grab
your mug your cup your chalice your
Stein your glass your thermos fill it
with your favorite liquid I like coffee
and join me now for the simultaneous
sip ah good stuff today will be the most
interesting coffee with Scott Adams that
you've ever spent that's probably true
well I'll see if I can live up to that
but the way I have it planned it'll be
the best one youve ever seen so far let
us start with the notion that uh
CNN has picked Cala Harris as their Heir
Apparent for you know the the Hillary
Clinton Clinton replacement if you will
the person that they would like to see
nominated for the Democrats and the
person they'd like to see
President and here's a hilarious little
thing I saw this morning
so SE Cup over at CNN was talking about
how the there will be lots of bad
stories coming out about the Democratic
candidates as part of the political
process and that as the bad stories
about the Democrats come out it could be
good for president Trump just by staying
out of the the blast zone so she was
making that overall point that they
would be you know cannibalizing each
other and then she gives the the she
gives a uh four uh examples all right
now these are four
examples allegedly of Democrats
cannibalizing each other one is there
was a vintage Bernie Sanders footage
showing showing Bernie Sanders long ago
talking praising
breadlines you've probably seen that
right all right so Bernie Sanders takes
a hit because there's an old video of
him praising breadline
then they talk about Amy clober how she
ate her salad with a comb so that's a
story that makes Amy cloar look bad so
now Sanders looks bad because of the
bread lines cloar looks bad because
eating her salad with a com and then um
then she talks about how the Democrats
are going to have to support uh
reparations as sort of a litness test on
how that could be bad now here's the one
they give about Cala Harris right so
this is a list of things that make
Democrats look bad and here's Kamala
Harris on the list and here's the thing
that makes her look bad according to
CNN uh she said she will never apologize
for prosecuting rapists murderers and
child
molesters
what that sounds kind of good to
me what that that's on CN list of things
that sound bad about Democratic
candidates does it sound bad that she's
not going to apologize for prosecuting
rapist murderers and child
blessers what the hell I don't even
understand I don't even understand how
this could have
happened it's it's so far from any kind
of a balanced treatment it's just
hilarious it's literally a list of bad
things about the candidates and the one
thing they put about
on there about Cala is unambiguously
positive to everyone there's no one on
the other side of you know wanting to go
soft on murderers and rapists and child
lesard so that was kind of mindboggling
and hilarious so watch for that more of
[Music]
that the uh latest Trump derangement
syndrome is article in CNN and I'm not
even going to mention who wrote it
because it's it's somewhat
irrelevant and the the
speculation in the CNN
article was that President Trump might
not step
down excuse
me still getting over a little bit of
the
flu that uh Trump might not step down
after he loses according to them uh for
reelection now let me give you some
perspective when Obama was in his first
term a friend of mine a very Republican
friend uh actually bet me
$500 that Obama would lose reelection
and he would he would refus to step down
and he would become a
dictator I won for
$500 because when he said it I thought
myself that doesn't sound like a
political opinion that sounds like some
kind of Obama derangement syndrome so I
said are you serious you actually want
to bet me
$500 that Obama will not step down and
that he will also lose
reelection that's that's an actual
bet and so I took that bet to his credit
my Republican friend paid his bet he
paid me
$500 cuz he believed that Obama was
going to be become a dictator and stay
in office now the situation is reversed
and now we see some some
Democrats literally believing that Trump
might try to hang on to power if he lost
the election now that to me because I'm
not in any kind of derangement
situation feels like just
crazy and so we're going to talk about
Trump derangement syndrome in a moment
but first I want to hit a couple of
other
uh
notes um are you watching all the
stories about the Catholic church I'm
starting to the Catholic church is sort
of looking like um Russia collusion in
the sense that there this this
continuous stream of
uh let's sip again I see calls for more
sivage get ready simultaneous
ah um so we're watching the Catholic
Church deal with all these allegations
of sexual abuse against kids
mostly and it's just one thing after
another coming out now we now we hear
that um documents may have been
destroyed or never drawn up and that the
numbers are growing and lives are being
ruined and it's
just sounds like just one of the mo most
horrible things I've ever ever heard of
but here's the only thing I wanted to to
point
out every time I see a high official of
the church or even any kind of a uh you
know just a priest talking about the
issue are you having the same impression
that I'm
having and I just want to put this out
there is it my imagination and I think
it is by the way so I think this is
confirmation bias what I'm going to talk
about and I want to I want to ask you if
you're experiencing the same
confirmation bias that when I see a high
official of the church talking and I
look at that
person they look like
pedophiles to
me is that just me is anybody having the
same experience that the the top top
officials who are talking about this are
starting to look like pedophiles now I
believe that this is confirmation by us
right meaning that you know 20 years ago
if I looked at a picture of somebody was
a priest or a bishop or something I
never would have had that thought but
now because the news is just pushing the
onus non-stop it's like you know
Catholic Church Catholic Church uh you
know this problem is Catholic
church so look at look at some of the
other comments and you can see that a
number of people are having the same
experience not all of you you looks like
quite a few people are saying no to it
but I'm actually having the feeling that
they all sort of look like what I
imagine a sexual abuser pedophile looks
like so I'm guessing that that's just my
confirmation bias and I wanted to see if
other people are having the same
experience and it looks like some of you
are somebody says pedophiles don't have
a look Scott I agree with what the
commentor said that pedophiles and sex
abusers do not as far as I know do not
have an identifiable look but why does
it feel like it why do they why do they
register to me like they have that look
it's got to be confirmation bias right
presumably all
right um let's talk about the zeitgeist
do you know what the Zeitgeist
is uh the Zeitgeist is a German word
I've said this before uh because we
don't have an English word that that c
that captures it and zist is that
Collective
feeling that the public or Society has
so there some things that may be
unstated but we're all starting to think
in a similar way that's the Zeitgeist
it's sort of that hardto Define shift in
people's thinking that may or may not
already be in the headlines so the zeist
can move before the headlines move all
right and there's a really interesting
thing starting to form in the Zeitgeist
now before I describe it to you let me
tell you why I'm qualified to analyze
the Zeitgeist the reason I'm qualified
to analyze the zist is that's what I do
for a living that's literally my job
I have to look at the public figuring
out figure out how they're feeling what
they're already thinking you know the
the common thoughts and then I try to
turn that into a comic strip that you
know hits that point or I turn it into a
book that that hits the the feeling that
people are having so um somebody's
somebody's defining it as the spirit of
the age that's a pretty good definition
but that's a little new Agy it's
basically what people are feeling about
stuff and that changes over
time so there's an interesting thing
forming in the Zeitgeist I won't be the
first person to note this but I'll put a
spin on
it so remember when the Kavanaugh thing
was in the
news the Kavanaugh thing was one of
those situations where even if you
believed um even if you
believed that c AOA did something bad in
his high school you probably were also
quite sure that at least the one about
him you know being active as part of a a
rape gang you probably knew that wasn't
real so even if you thought any of it
was real and some people did even the
people who thought he did something
wrong could see quite plainly that the
news is not believable and that
accusations are not always true because
the one about the gang rape is so
obviously not true my personal belief is
that none of it was true but both sides
saw in the kavanau thing the untrue
things can derail people things from the
deep past then we see Northam this was
an interesting situation especially in
the sense that uh the public seems to
have um come down to the conclusion and
this is primarily Democrats apparently
that maybe we shouldn't take somebody's
actions as a young person to mean as
much as we've been doing lately in other
words people were taking what I would
call a more mature approach to Northam
and specifically the African-American
voters in Virginia who when ped were
actually less negative to Northam than a
lot of the the white people pulled
so it's kind of a a maturing standard
which says in effect look if Northam
hasn't been doing any racist stuff for
the last 20 years if we haven't seen a
trace of it in his public life and in
fact he's been all on the correct side
in his public life maybe this isn't the
big deal that we thought it was now just
bear with me I'm just going to hit all
these points and then pull it together
so the Public's Collective feeling is
very negative about digging stuff up
from somebody's 20year past and also in
whether they should believe it and how
much they should wait it all right
so that's the thing then in this and
then we also saw the prison reform Bill
get approved it was a case where the you
know both sides came together and the
biggest theme from that the theme was um
that you should forgive people even if
they did something a long time ago so it
was about giving people a second chance
it was about letting people redeem
themselves and so now we're we've got
more sort of a a deeper feeling about
things that happened a long time ago
that may or may not be true first of all
so now we've seen that the fake news can
fool us and we've seen that maybe we
should let people get better maybe we
should say okay that was a mistake but
you didn't kill anybody and now it's 20
years later and you've been good since
then maybe we treat it differently that
we saw the Covington situation which was
just absolute fake news and now people
who maybe maybe didn't believe there was
such a thing as fake
news started to
believe right then there was the smaller
thing and again it was fake news and
people watch themselves being fooled but
they also they also got to see things
through the others point of view so here
we see a bunch of people who are dealing
with situations were watching the fake
news the fake news um go from something
you suspect is true to something you
know is
true right so at this point the idea of
fake news is solid in everybody's head
we can see it work on both sides right
there's just all kinds of fake news my
favorite part about the smalla thing was
I hope I have his name right I think he
was a supervisor of police in Chicago
Eddie Johnson do I have his name right
I'm operating from memory and if you
remember I think it was Eddie Johnson
talked about smallet and it was first of
all he's really charismatic and he's
just just a great character right um and
he gave a uh let's say an
emotional um description of of how bad
it was in terms of not just the law but
sort of to you know the let's call it
the fabric of
society and I would say at this point
correct me if I'm
wrong for one of the few times in
history
at least recent
history when Eddie Johnson was talking
about the smaller
situation it felt like everybody who
watched that was on the same side they
were on Eddie Johnson's side it felt
like weirdly even though you weren't
paying attention to this the country
sort of came together over Addie Johnson
it was an amazing moment that I think
got lost
because we're we're focusing on the
details of the case and it was more more
exciting to talk about what smallet said
or did or didn't do and talk about the
Nigerians we got we got sort of got lost
in the
details but think about it there was
this
moment when the entire country came
together in their hatred of fake
news and their their hatred of people
who would
abuse let's say um
victim
status everybody freaking hated it we
came together on that point now keep in
mind that we had some history getting up
to it so the if the smaller thing didn't
happen in isolation we'd seen some some
situations
here that felt like a bit of an
inflection point a point where the
country came together for a moment and
realized are you ready for this
and
realized that we have a common enemy
there's nothing that there's nothing
that brings a nation together better
than a common enemy and the common
enemy was the
Press because the Press sold us this
sold us that sold us this probably
didn't even need to hear about Northam I
mean we we could have all been just
going on with our lives and never heard
about what he did when 20 years ago or
1984 whatever we could have we could
have been fine just never hearing about
that
so this is a point as small at when I
think the people instead of fighting
each other there was this
moment where the
Zeitgeist changed it felt like an
inflection point a point where we were
we we've been fighting each other and we
realized wait a minute maybe we're being
being influenced to fight each other
maybe the Press is the enemy and we
should be
United against the fake
news
now here's what's coming the Russia
collusion thing is likely we don't know
yet you know meller might surprise us
but in all likelihood the signs seem to
be fairly solid that the people who
believed that Trump was colluding with
Russia
are going to learn
again that the news is playing them
they're being
played for conflict to create conflict
and by itself if this were the only
story in the world probably it wouldn't
change the Zeitgeist people would just
say Oh I thought this was true it turns
out it wasn't I'm glad we looked into it
but when you start looking at the larger
context even the people who are
seriously anti-trump are going to start
to feel am I being manipulated by the
press the Press lied to me about
Kavanaugh they didn't really need to
bring up Northam Covington was a lie
smallet was a lie holy crap is Muller a
lie
too what would that do to your head if
you believed the media was telling you
the true story about Trump and about
Trump supporters and then you start
seeing
The credibility of your Source just
falling apart completely falling apart
then what
happens what happens when the president
gets something like more progress with
North
Korea there are a lot of things that the
president does that you can make a
reasonable case was just luck or you
know I'll give you the perfect example
is the economy is great we typically
give the president who's in charge you
know credit for the economy after he's
been in charge a few years so typically
you would give Trump credit for a strong
economy but there are plenty of smart
people and I'm one of them who imagine
that well maybe the economy would have
been good anyway maybe not as good we
don't know but I'll bet a president
anybody would have had a pretty good
economy right now just because things
are going well in general
so you could tell yourself okay I'm not
going to give president Trump credit for
the economy just cuz I don't know if it
would be any different if someone else
were in charge but North Korea is kind
of special because North Korea is a
situation assuming it keeps going in the
right direction where it's hard to
imagine another president could have
gotten us to this point it would be hard
to
imagine that you know president Trump's
spe specific skill set didn't didn't do
this it looks like that's what that's
the reason it's happening so the people
who said to themselves wait a minute the
Press has been telling me that this
President is crazy and ineffective and
lazy and impulsive and uninformed and
all those things and he will surely do
everything wrong but why is this going
right and it's not just going right but
it seems like there's a whole series of
right steps like you can see a whole
Trail of correct decisions that are
different from what other people did so
this was hard to write off and you're
going to say to yourself wait a minute
has the Press fooled me again is this is
this President actually doing some
things that are special they're clearly
unique to his skill set and they're
successful and they're big they're big
deals yeah we saw the again the prison
reform thing other administrations
couldn't get it done this president did
we saw you know Isis maybe you know you
could argue maybe they would have been
defeated by any other president but they
got pretty beat down under under Trump
Etc now not directly to the relevant to
the fake news but the whole Venezuela
situation which I do not think is a
direct analogy to anything that would
happen in the United States but it sure
feels that way and so you've got this
whole slate of Democrats coming out
saying let's let's do something that's
more like socialism at the same time
just by coincidence one of the biggest
stories and the headlines is that
socialism isn't working in a country
that's very close to us so you're going
to start
doubting the value of the anti-trumpers
message in terms of socialism just
because of Venezuela now again I don't
think that that's a good analogy I think
Venezuela is just a special case with a
dictator we don't have a dictator but
it's going to feel like the Socialist
message is less credible then you add on
top of that I don't have it on my
picture but the Catholic Church stuff
and you're going to tell yourself wait a
minute it seems or it's starting to seem
like the Catholic church is a whole
bunch of fake news fake news in the
sense that they were the um let's say
the holders of
morality so the fake news is starting to
form at least in the Zeitgeist and at
least in the way people are thinking
about it is that you can't trust
anything you can't trust anything you've
heard you can't trust anything that's
reported now if we can get people to
understand how much they've been had and
I think the Muller Situation's going to
be
a big part of that assuming that
collusion is is sort of ruled out by
that um the Charlottesville hoax Remains
the biggest mental um falsehood the
biggest hoax that the anti-trumpers
still hold on to all right now for those
of you who are new to my periscopes you
may have also believed um the fake news
that allegedly president Trump called
the the white supremacist fine people
that's is still reported on CNN as if
that actually happened the truth of
course is that the context was about the
statues whether the Confederate statues
should stay up or not that was the the
reason for the Charlottesville event and
the president said there were fine
people on both sides of the
debate the news illegitimately continues
to report well did he say that the white
supremacists are fine people no cuz
there were a lot of people on both sides
of the debate the white supremacists
were a tiny amount of them they happen
to be there at Charlottesville but
nobody no president of the United States
is going to come out and say I back the
white supremacist he's certainly not
going to do it when his own family is
Jewish he's still not he's definitely
not going to do it in front of Israel
and then have Israel say you're the
greatest Israel loves this President
it's like did Israel not notice what CNN
noticed how does Israel not notice if
the president is praising white
supremacists who are chanting
anti-semitic things well the reason that
Israel doesn't notice is that it didn't
happen and that's obvious to them
because they're not in our bubble of you
know bubble of influence over here it's
obvious to me and of course the
president clarified it as clearly as
possible no I disavow the white
supremacist but you know obviously
they're good people on both sides of the
statue
question so what I'm suggesting is that
there there are two
Futures coming together here sort of a
schrodingers cat situation and the
Mueller investigation when when there is
a report and especially if it comes
after something that that's positive in
North Korea with North
Korea there's likely to be one of two
outcomes
and maybe both one of them would be a
massive Resurgence of trump derangement
syndrome like we haven't seen since the
election itself and it could be big I
mean it could be a big mental illness
problem and that you're going to see
people saying saying stuff like well
sure maybe he didn't collude but I still
have to be right so remember the time he
ate a baby you know so the anti-trumpers
are going to be concocting through
confirmation bias crazy stuff in all
likelihood that's where we're heading
now remember I I I predicted the same
thing at the election and I was as right
as anybody can be right but there's a
smaller possibility and I do think it's
a smaller possibility let's say
20% just to put a size on it there is
some
possibility that a substantial number of
the public is going to realize after the
meller thing shows no
collusion how often they've been had
they will see that all the things about
the president being mentally unfit have
not they did not bear out all of the
thoughts about the world going to hell
under Trump did not bear out everybody's
working with him China is negotiating
with him we'll probably get a good
result there
so they're going to say everything the
news told me everything my side told me
is not true and and we're even seeing
you know the the president's um
Administration doing a
global um you know what do they call it
they're they're trying to decriminalize
um homosexuality in other countries
trying to influence them to
decriminalize so you can't look at this
stuff and say oh he's the worst LGBT TQ
president and also the only one doing a
global effort to decriminalize
homosexuality in other
countries you can't you can't Square
those
things so I think we may be reaching a
cracking point where the people who were
in the Trump derangement syndrome bubble
are seeing so many pieces of evidence
that they've been had by the people who
run the media the people who who feed
them their opinions it's going to be
more more obvious than it has ever been
that they've been
manipulated and they might
Rebel now it could be that some people
will but not all it could be more of a
massive change it could be a small
change but there is at least the
possibility and it's forming in the
Zeitgeist that we have a common enemy
you know the the Democrats and the
Republicans have a common
enemy it's the fake news take the issue
of border
security the question of border
security there was something that
couldn't get
solved even though both sides
agreed we couldn't solve border funding
in a context of both the Democrats and
the Republicans like border border
security always have always will and we
still couldn't get it
done why well mostly the effect of the
the media the media has demonized Trump
to the point where people who agree with
him can't agree with him in
public that's how how how crazy the
Press coverage has
been all right
so there's some
possibility that Trump derangement
syndrome is either going to go bigger
than it's ever
been or could shrink but I think and and
I've said this before we're not we
humans are not so good at knowing the
difference between being on the edge of
a disaster and being on the edge of a
great success or a great good thing we
can't tell the difference that you know
you the saying it's always darkest
before the dawn we're kind of at that
darkest Place could get darker it could
get
darker but it also could be Dawn so
let's look for that all right now let's
talk about climate change you know that
I promised that I would ask uh Tony
heler noted probably one of the most
prolific uh critics of climate change I
asked him for his top five five climate
change
um points let's say top five
points
and uh I wanted him to focus his best
five
criticisms so that we could dig down and
learn a little bit so I'm going to take
just the first one now I will give tony
a chance to uh be on the periscopes I've
already invited him and when we schedule
it we'll bring him up but I wanted give
you my first impression of just the the
first
item
and you should assume that when we talk
about this topic of climate
change whenever anybody tries to
characterize someone else's argument
they don't do it that well so I want to
I want to apologize in advance if I
mischaracterize Tony hel's argument
likewise I apologize in advance if I
mischaracterize the official climate
change or NASA's opinion or Noah's
opinion or whatever so Point number
one all right and I'm going to give you
a grade here so uh is about sea level
and natural disasters and the question
is this um the alarmist would say we're
already seeing sea level rise and and
that we can tell that uh uh climate
change and human involvement in climate
change with CO2 is the
reason uh and with disasters that we're
already seeing disasters that are worse
so that would be the alarmist the Tony
hel viiew and again I may be getting the
characterization of this slightly off
but I think it's in the ballpark that we
have not seen sea level rise that can be
attributed to climate change there is
sea level rise
but that that we've not seen it in a way
that could be directly contributed to
climate change and that in terms of
natural disasters and storms of course
they happen but we can't attribute it to
climate change now my opinion on climate
change has been that both sides are uh
both sides are full of
baloney on a lot of
stuff so I said to myself all right well
this should be easy enough to sort out
I'll just Google see what the most
official sources say compare it to what
Tony Heller says and then see what seems
more real
so let me ask you this are you under the
impression that the climate alarmists do
make these
claims is it is it your understanding
also that the the climate science um
consensus is accurately stated here that
we're already we're already seeing sea
level rise and that we know it's from
CO2 from humans and that we're already
seeing natural disasters or worse that
is that is the official
right none of that is
true all right here's this might be
mindboggling to you but as far as I can
tell they do not make this claim
and they also don't make that
claim in other words if you go to uh the
Noah site so this is the government site
no
OAA and as I did and I looked for okay
so if this is true then I'll just look
for their argument and I go to look for
the argument and sure enough the
official Claim by the government is say
sea level has been rising since I don't
know 1900 or something so claim number
one sea level is r ing true I'm pretty
sure Tony says it's true and I'm pretty
sure that the scientists say it's true
but that's separate from whether it's
rising higher than normal and that it's
caused by climate change so I I look for
the official government Noah estimate
that the sea level is rising at a higher
rate and sure enough it is so so Noah
says that the rate is rising at a higher
level
than normal a faster
rate and so I say to myself aha they the
official word is that climate change is
causing the sea level to rise at a
higher rate and then in Noah's article
this is the official government source
for Seas things about the ocean right
including sea level and here's this
quote somebody named Gil who is
associated with Noah he says we have to
be careful about how much of the recent
decades acceleration meaning the
acceleration in sea level rise we
attribute to global warming and how much
to natural
variability
what and then Gil says the acceleration
could be coming for more rapid melting
of ice sheets or increasing ocean heat
content that would be the climate change
view but two decades is also within the
time frame over which natural climate
oscillations can in influence Trends in
global sea
level in other
words on the on the Noah page the most
official source of what's happening with
sea
[Music]
level doesn't make the
claim so this is something you see in
the media but as far as I can tell it's
not an actual
claim
[Music]
so this is something we believe is a
claim is not actually a claim there is
not a claim by Noah the most official
source and I think this was a 20 2014
article
maybe this is something you might see in
I know I suppose you'd see it in the
Press but there is not an official claim
that the sea level is rising and that
climate science is already um is already
identified as a Source it's not a
claim all right so then you go to
natural
disasters can we already see that our
natural disasters are getting worse well
you probably think of course that's
claimed all the time you know it's if
you look at the Washington Post New York
Times it's claimed all the time but as
far as I can
tell there is no official
claim like this this seems to be just
something the Press says if you look at
Nasa I don't so I'm not saying it's
false right so I'm not saying this is
false I'm saying it's not an official
claim there's no claim so my verdict is
that these two claims are
BS
right or
BS but it's BS by the Press right it
doesn't seem to be that these are
actually official claims of climate
alarmists their claim is that you will
see these things their claim is not that
you have already seen it in a way that
we can confirm they do sometimes say
things such as it it might be caused by
climate change we're worry that is
caused by it's you know even some people
probably say it's likely but it is not
an IAL climate alarm uh
claim that we've already seen rising sea
level from climate change or that the
storms and the natural disasters are
worse it's just not a
claim so Tony heler says there's you
know he's uh so he's basically
um accurate on this so I would say is
accurate on this
now
unfortunately Tony heler has a couple of
points working against
him number one he makes an uh
attributions about
um he essentially he puts um a reason on
why people are thinking these things
that is not in evidence it's not a bad
hypothesis and his hypothesis is that
our our natural fear of big natural
disasters is what's driving our our our
alarm over these things that might be
true but it's not an Evidence so I say
that's a a knock against Tony's
credibility because he does fairly
consistently uh attribute motive or or
internal mental processes to people that
is not in evidence might be right but is
not an evidence that works against his
credibility
secondly um in his very first point he
includes a graph that shows that the uh
I believe it's the number of times that
the temperature in the United States has
crossed
90° is actually
declining so Tony in his first point in
which he talks about this stuff shows a
graph that um the United States
temperature record
shows a decrease in the number of days
that are over 90° lately is that true or
false well here's the problem climate
scientists do not claim that the
temperature in the United States is
going up so Tony has
cherry-picked a number you know the the
United States measurement to counter the
claims of global warming when in fact
the global warming scientists do not
claim that the United States in
particular is the one is the one that's
going up because it can go up in some
places down in some now the I believe
the climate change people say that most
of the warming would happen in the ocean
and it would happen at the uh poles I
may have that wrong but I think that's
the claim so in other words the fact
that the United States temperature does
not show with this one cherry-picked uh
thing does not show that warming does
not refute climate alarm but Tony
included this what I would consider a an
obviously cherry-picked um and therefore
misleading statement and so credibility
wise
um he even though his point is seems to
be
accurate his credibility is low so the
so the uh when we'll talk about his
other points in other um in other
periscopes and we'll give him a chance
to respond to all this I'm giving you my
first impression to to give him
something to respond to so my first
impression is that on this first set of
questions the sea level and the natural
disasters both sides are not credible
all right so my claim all along is that
I'm having trouble getting to an answer
for myself you know a personal opinion
of how how worried I should be because
it seems to me both sides are lying to
me and although one of those sides has
to be
correct I me one of them has to be
correct so either climate warming from
humans is either a big problem or it's
not you it can't both be true and the
fact that both of them are and I'm going
to say lying with I don't want to put
intent into their minds but in terms of
what is believable both are selling me
stories that I can't
believe so it's hard for me to believe
anything else they say if something they
say is so obviously not true so here's
my point I think Tony heler is accurate
when he says we haven't seen the rising
sea level because even the official
experts say that and I believe he's
accurate when he says we have not
identified the natural disas to be
caused by climate change because the
experts also say that right but Tony
does two things that lower his
credibility on this topic one is to
ascribe uh or to attribute you know
mental processes that are not in
evidence that people are trying to hide
things or or people are alarmed and
that's why they're acting that way he
might be right but it's not an
Evidence um and then
cherry-picking uh the the one uh the one
place the United States where you don't
necessarily expect to see that much
warming makes me wonder why did you pick
the one place that's not telling the
story to tell the story now one of the
things that um I'm I'm borrowing a
little bit from other Skeptics here but
here's here's a question I ask
myself um apparently there are two
places that we can ma measure things
well one of those places and I'm looking
for some fact checking here to tell me
I'm wrong the best place to measure
temperatures for an extended period of
time is the United States so I think
everybody would agree that the the vast
number you know the biggest percentage
of uh landbased measurement devices are
in the United States and they've been
here for the longest time and you know
we have the best the best handle on
those of any place else in the world by
coincidence by coincidence the place we
can best and most accurately measure the
temperature there's no global warming
detected now that does not violate the
the idea that the the planet is warming
because remember the the planet warming
theory is that the warming is going
mostly into the ocean so that that's not
a landbased me measurement and it's
going into the poles and the poles are
not in the United States so but it is
bothersome that the one place we can
measure it
best is also one of those places where
the temperature isn't going up
maybe but there's one other place that
the temperature and here's a part you
need to fact check me on I might be
wrong about this but I believe that the
satellites that we've had since
1997 um can measure the temperature of
the upper
troposphere if they can measure the
upper
troposphere what should it show well I
don't think that the upper troposphere
measurements show climate
change but again that's not where the
theory says that the warming is going to
be the warming will be in the ocean and
at the poles so the fact that we can you
know
we can more easily measure the
troposphere that's not going to tell you
that much because that's not where the
warming is going anyway so the two
places that we can measure
well happen to be by coincidence the two
places the warming is not supposed to be
going now does that tell you that it's a
big old fraud and you know it's not a
coincidence that the places we can
measure easily are also coincidentally
not the places all the warming is
supposed to go well you don't want to
make too big a deal about that cuz that
could be just a coincidence it could be
yeah it could be nothing but a
coincidence uh but it certainly it's one
that raises a flag it's like why is it
that all the places we can measure well
we don't find the signal for climate
change but don't make too big a deal
about that cuz that could be just a
coincidence all right there's lots more
to be said on the topic but where I'm
going to um I'm going to put a marker
for Point number one of Tony hel's
argument I would say he's the winner of
the argument that we have not seen sea
level um changes based on climate change
because that's not even different from
what the official story is and also he's
right when he says we haven't seen the
signal in natural
disasters because that's also the
official word
and um but I would say his argument is
lacking
credibility in general because of two
problems one he he puts uh unfounded
assumptions into why people are thinking
the way they are and by the way I think
he's right but there's no evidence for
it the evidence meaning that people see
natural disasters and they're more
influenced by them because we're you
know our minds are wired to be more
afraid of giant natural disasters than
about other things in life so I think
that's a perfectly reasonable
hypothesis but no data for that um and
then secondly the fact that there's a
cherry pick a graph that's Central to
his argument even on this point and
didn't even need to be there makes me
doubt you know the The credibility of
the graphs anyway okay so that's where
we
are
um how does his thinking about motive
hurt his actual
data um it doesn't hurt the data and
we'll have different conversations about
the data so we haven't really talked
about the data yet but we will uh I just
I just want to do one and put it there
now Tony will probably respond to this
but I don't think he's going to disagree
with the two points I made I don't think
he'll disagree that his that his graph
is cherry-picked and I don't think he'll
disagree that there's no direct evidence
that the only reason that people are
worried about these natural disasters is
their own mentality although I think
that's a solid a solid hypothesis that
if I had to bet you know if you put a
gun to my head I'd say yeah it's because
people are afraid of big disasters
that's probably why just there's no
evidence to it all right um and I'm
going to end it there and we will talk
to you later