boom-boom-boom-boom
hey James come on in here you're right
on time if not early Andrew
good to see ya Dale Tyler what a treat
we're all together here for yet another
coffee with Scott Adams the best part of
your day and what's the best part of the
best part I think you know it's the
simultaneous sip and it goes like this
all you need is a cup or a mug her
glasses snifter stein chalice tanker
thermos last game team Grail goblet
vessel of any kind fella with your
favorite liquid I like coffee and
joining me now for the unparalleled
pleasure
the dopamine's ended the day the thing
that makes everything better
the simultaneous up go mmm
Wow that's some good sippin so I just
saw a survey online that said that the
percentage of men and women who were not
having any kind of sex in the past year
has doubled in the past 10 years so used
to be somewhere in the 10% range of
people were not having any sex in the
past year and now for men it's 28% 28%
of men haven't had sex in the past year
and 18% of women how do you explained
that so don't we have a more promiscuous
society than ever we do right seems like
we have a more promiscuous society than
we've ever had and yet the number of men
and women having sex has plunged 28% of
men did not have sex in the past year
and he explained that easy I predicted
it many years ago it's easy to predict
it goes like this the quality of
pornography
started with well I hope I could find a
dirty magazine somewhere and then it
went to VHS tape but still a little hard
to get and then it went to digital
online available in infinite quantities
for free
and you can find exactly what you want
you don't have to find approximately
what you want because you can find
exactly what you want so the quality of
the alternative which is looking at
pictures online has gone from well this
is pretty good as a change of pace - I
think this is better than people because
think about it the average person cannot
attract a superstar you know model male
or female partner most people can
attract somebody who looks sort of like
they look and so you would expect that a
large number of people would find that
the quality of the alternative is just
better
and I think automation has largely
replaced human beings for at least a
quarter of the population literally
there's no hyperbole there at all
automation in the form of online
pornography has replaced human
interaction for 28% of men and I don't
think part of the story is that that
they're less happy that's the thing that
the story doesn't include are they more
happy are they less happy I don't know
they don't say I would think that
because there's some amount of human
contact that is necessary for mental
health that they're less happy but maybe
they don't know it alright let's talk
about something else let's talk about
that turkey ceasefire that's not really
a ceasefire so according to the United
States there's a ceasefire between
Turkey and the Kurds according to the
Kurds there's no ceasefire there's just
a
what's the difference between pausing
firing your people and ceasing firing at
people well I guess the ceasing maybe
seems like it's less temporary than the
pausing is there anything out of you
know what's the difference I have no
idea what the difference is here are
some things you should know
when you have a cease fire or a pause
what are the things you can guarantee
the news will serve up are you ready in
that in that area of the world the first
thing you can guarantee is that one side
will claim the other side bomb to
hospital is there any chance that you're
not going to hear that story 100% chance
that if there's a ceasefire in the
Middle East no matter who it is somebody
is going to say the other side bomb to
hospital now and of course that's
exactly what is being claimed right now
that the that the Turks bombed a
hospital during the ceasefire now
there's not a report that there's a ton
of bombing going on so the report is not
that there it's widespread bombing you
know they're bombing all over the place
but rather there's a report of a
specific bombing now what are the odds
that the Turks decided to do a ceasefire
but also bomb just a hospital we're not
gonna bomb much we'll just bomb a
hospital does that seem likely seriously
of all the things that they could bomb
they're not bombing everything there
they had apparently chose their targets
very carefully because there wasn't much
cheating there was just a little bit of
cheating and that little bit of cheating
they decided to bomb a hospital no so
you always expect the fake Hospital
bombing story every time and sure enough
right on schedule
I'm looking for it's like okay where's
the fake hospital bombings or there it
is fake hospital bombing story right on
schedule what's the other fake story
that you know is going to come oh it's
already here
the fake story that the turkey is using
chemical weapons now are they using
chemical weapons could be could be I
think white phosphorus with the
munitions it's entirely possible that
the Turks are using some illegal
chemical weapons but here's the context
what were the odds that whether or not
anybody used any chemical weapons what
are the odds that you would hear a
report within 24 hours of the cease fire
there's somebody had used chemical
weapons a hundred percent there was a
hundred percent chance that somebody was
going to claim the other side to use
chemical weapons and so I pick up my my
news source my iPad and they say huh
it's been few hours since the ceasefire
where's the report of the cut there it
is
Chemical Weapons Hospital report
chemical weapons right on schedule now
I'm not saying those things didn't
happen I'm not going to say a hospital
wasn't bombed and I'm not going to tell
you that nobody used chemical weapons I
will tell you that there's a hundred
percent chance both of those things
would be reported in the past 24 hours
whether they happen or not so can you
determine if a hospital had been bombed
or if somebody had used chemical weapons
you cannot you cannot there is zero
useful information coming out of the
area we can't rule now you just don't
have any information do you think that
we really have some kind of an agreement
meaning do you think Mike Pence has
something like an actual agreement with
the Turks and the Kurds and whoever else
there's not a chance
there's not a chance that there's an
agreement there's no chance and what you
should expect is that everybody involved
will start telling different stories
about who agreed to what who said what
who's gonna do what and then everybody
will wait a few days and go back to
doing whatever they wanted to do anyway
so you know maybe it gives the Kurds a
little time to you know build some
defenses or something but I don't think
turkeys gonna have a ceasefire that
lasts do you
somebody says isn't the proof in the
video so yeah that's funny
with a little winky face yeah you can't
trust the videos you said you all saw
the picture of the mother with her
alleged deceased child in her hands now
I'm not saying it's a fake video I'm
just saying that child look alive to me
so you should always expect the fake
fake dead children to video the fake
hospital got bombed and the fake
chemical attacks story those three are
guaranteed as soon as the bullets start
flying and they're all there all right
Admiral McRaven who I mistakenly called
general McRaven in the tweet Admiral
McRaven wrote a wrote an op-ed in the
New York Times at which he was saying
that the president should be removed or
should leave offices sooner than later
but he doesn't mention impeachment per
se he doesn't mention an election per se
and he's an admiral what does it mean
when an admiral writes a not bad this
says that the president of the United
States needs to leave sooner or later
without mentioning how well that's a
pretty dangerous thought isn't it now do
you think that the military is getting
ready for a coup well I think not
because there's just no way it would
work out but does it help the hypnosis
cue the coup that will have no
but rather people will be brainwashed
into thinking oh yeah we have to replace
this president does it help to have an
admiral retired Admiral come out on the
side of the hypnosis Co of course it
does
so part of the brainwashing
that's brainwashing at least half of the
country into thinking that the president
needs to be changed in a non election
way is really helped by this Admiral now
there's some bad news here I don't know
if you read between the lines there's
really some bad news with this Admiral
McRaven coming out against the president
and really that's just the symptom the
real problem is one of the odds now now
that we've now that we've stopped
supporting the Kurds how are the Kurds
ever going to support us against ante
Fah
when when the Civil War happens and we
need the courage to come over and fight
with us to defend against an Tifa are
they going to do it I don't think so
I think the Kurds that you say hey you
didn't help us against Isis we're not
gonna help you against anti-shah good
luck with that
America me so yes there are there's a
lot we're losing here
according to Admiral McRaven the this
president has damaged our standing with
other leaders and our credibility so
much so that how can we depend on them
in the future for example let's say we
got into a big war do you think we could
you know depend on Greece coming to our
rescue
no Greece would look at the situation
and say well look what they did to the
Kurds we're not coming to help them
militarily how are we going to win a war
without the without the Greeks I don't
see how what if what if let's say Russia
sends a nuclear weapon our way and and
starts a nuclear war we're not going to
have the Kurds on their side so how are
we going to defend against a
thermonuclear war with Russia if we have
no Kurds no Kurds at all like not even
one Kurd is going to help us what are we
gonna do well I would say we're in
pretty bad shape in that case so Admiral
McRaven has got a good point here who is
ever gonna help the United States who
who is going to help us because before
this before this you can see that other
countries were they were forming a line
to give us money and military aid and my
god
other countries wanted to help the
United States so much that we almost
couldn't handle all the help they were
giving us but now that this current
situation is happening there's no line
no nobody is offering us free money
nobody is offering to help us in any way
it's so different than it was two weeks
ago very different so here's the
question that I asked for all those
nervous Nancy's such as Admiral McRaven
who were sure that America is grievously
wounded by the actions of this this
impulsive president with his lack of
strategy and all that what would be an
example of that even even a speculative
example I would guess that we don't have
any examples of things that have already
happened it's more of a speculative
imaginary future problem but could
somebody describe that for me for
example what would we want to do in the
future that we can't do because of the
current situation I don't really see an
example
all right so what's gonna happen with
that curd safe space I would say that we
have literally no information oh I got a
plug in my thing I hope I didn't lose
you there so we have basically no
information about what's happening with
this curd safe space we don't know how
that's going to turn out I wouldn't
believe anything you're hearing out of
the area we've heard nothing about
casualties what what's the thing we keep
hearing is that the Turks are
slaughtering the Kurds that's what we
keep hearing right the Turks are
slaughtering the Kurds have we seen any
reporting of even one dead card I mean I
hope there are none but is there even
one do we have any credible reporting
that even one Kurd has been killed so
far I mean obviously the risk is extreme
but we don't know anything right we
don't know anything about what's
happening over there Trump called it
tough love and and is claiming credit
for solving this situation and he's now
far off and I realized that you know
when things that are this polarized that
when I say things like well he's now far
off then everybody retreats to their
safe space and says Scott press'll
reasoning stop your personal reasoning
you will agree with the president no
matter what he does no matter what he
does no I disagree with the president
all the time I I could give you six
examples of policies I don't think are
working quite right this just doesn't
happen to be one of them because he was
doing exactly what he promised he's
getting exactly the kind of pushback
you'd want and expect you'd kind of want
and expect the military to be
uncomfortable with this decision right
that's our best our best case scenario
is that the military says
we're not done we don't want to leave
our allies you know let us finish the
job that's exactly what you want the
military to say but you also sometimes
what the want the non-military
leadership to say I know you want to
fight though we're gonna bring you home
so we have kind of the ideal situation a
little bit of tension between the
military wants to fight perfect that's
exactly the military you want they want
to fight and the civilian president who
says I'm not going to let you get killed
over this objective that's perfect right
that's right where you want to be all
right um I don't see any situation in
which the United States could have
agreed to permanently protect the Kurds
and we you're gonna start to see more
reporting like that here's my prediction
that no matter what this ceasefire or
pause turns into and my my assumption is
that the ceasefire will fail and that it
will fail hard
I don't trust Turkey and I expect that
turkey will just you know wait a few
days or they're just moving more troops
in so they didn't care if they waited a
few days anyway so probably they're just
getting ready to do a big push and
probably turkey doesn't plan to honor
any agreement because their national
security is at risk if they're if the
roles were reversed would the United
States make promises and then just do
whatever it needed to do to keep its
country safe
yeah we would we would if if you if you
change roles and you made us turkey we
would promise anything we had to promise
and then we do whatever we needed to do
because ultimately you need to do
whatever you need to do and Turkey has a
legitimate security concern you might
not agree with it but it's legitimate
they they have people attacking them who
are in this population and they can't
have them on the border without having
some kind of military you cap on it so
is that enough about that
yes that's enough about that so Mulvaney
did a little press thing and he got he
got attacked for his performance but I
watched it and I thought it was quite
good
I thought Mulvaney should be doing more
of these actually now the point of
contention is that he said that it's
normal business and you should get over
it talking about any president
negotiating any kind of quid pro quo
with another country that's exactly the
right answer exactly the right answer is
yes that's exactly what he didn't you
withheld some money until he got some
yet he knew he had some some
responsiveness from Ukraine about
looking into some corruption and that
corruption included some Biden stuff
some CrowdStrike stuff so Mulvaney just
says yeah we do that all the time that's
just normal business to which I say
exactly right that is exactly the right
answer every time you say yes we did it
and it's normal that's the strongest
attack the weakest attack is we didn't
do it or it's not what you think or it's
not really a quid pro quo or they didn't
see it that way were just don't say any
of that just say exactly what you did
yes
checking on checking on corruption in
Ukraine before we give them a massive
amount of money it is important not only
for the money we're sending but to make
sure we're getting what we want we don't
send the money for nothing we're not
sending the money that the whole point
is sending the money is quid pro quo
right is there any reason we send the
money other than we think it will make
them flexible in dealing with us mostly
I mean we could say it's to I don't
defend against Russia or something but
mostly we send people for Dade because
we think that'll make them flexible with
us quid pro quo
so I love Mulvaney just going right at
it just looking at people and say yeah
let's just get over that's what we do we
did it before we do it all the time
we're gonna do it in the future you
don't want us to stop doing it stop
talking about it
it's nothing I love that answer the
calmly Harris's campaign accidently
accidentally did something right but
then they quickly reversed it so they
continue to be the worst campaign I've
ever seen I mean they're actually
humorously bad so what happened was you
all remember the famous photo of Nancy
Pelosi got the meeting recently about
you yeah about Ukraine no the meeting
about Syria and Nancy is standing up and
pointing at the president and you know
it's a roomful of older white men so it
makes the picture even more interesting
because the contrast welcomed the
Harrises team humorously replace
President Trump with a picture of Kamala
not sitting but standing and you know
posing with her arms crossed and and the
caption was you know it's time for an
upgrade so they were showing Kamala
replacing President Trump in that room
situation with you know time for an
upgrade now apparently that was deleted
I guess was the campaign manager or
somebody put that meme up there but
deleted it because people were changing
the photo and photoshopping it and
turning turning it into anti Kamala
stuff here's what I say it was the best
thing the campaign has done so far not
because it was necessarily that funny it
was funny enough I mean it you know I
enjoyed seeing it it gave me a little
charge of that's pretty funny I like
what they did there and it wasn't the
funniest thing in the world but it was
funny it was funny enough so on that
level as just a meme pretty good but
here's the great part about it the great
part about it is it allowed you to
imagine her
president and working the job and that's
one of the biggest persuasion objectives
as you first have to be able to imagine
any of these candidates in the job this
is what I wrote about and talked about
extensively when President Trump was
candidate Trump and he was running for
office and you couldn't imagine this you
know orange you know force of nature
becoming a president each you literally
couldn't put it in your brain Trump in
in the White House uh my brain and then
he did Saturday Night Live and he
greenlit because of course the candidate
has to approve whatever's get there they
appear in so he approved the skin in
which he showed himself as the president
working in the Oval Office doing the job
of a president now there were jokes but
we don't remember any of the jokes we
remember the visual there was the
president the nor candidate Trump
looking like he was already in the job
it was great persuasion then what did
Hillary Clinton do she also went on
Saturday Night Live
and she and she accepted a skit in which
she played somebody at a bar drinking
too much she she actually approved an
image of herself drinking trump approved
an image of himself as the working
president those are not equal those are
not equal one of them did it right one
of them did it as long as you could
possibly do it calm lose team
accidentally apparently did exactly the
right thing they allowed us to imagine
her working the job and and because of
the gender thing surrounded by all these
unhappy looking men it was just a
powerful meme and and the fact that
their campaign deleted it because I
guess there were some funny responses
all that was also a mistake well that
was the mistake the mistake was deleting
it because
the more attention the original picture
got even if the subsequent ones were
more insulting the better it is for
gamla the better it is so that happened
all right one of my favorite stories of
the week is that Trump has decided to
select his own Doral golf course as the
site for the g7 so just when we're
talking about hunter Biden and conflict
of interests and all this from a list of
I don't know ten places coincidentally
out of all those ten places the very
best place was Trump's own resort I love
this story here's why I love it what the
president does better than anything in
the world is control your attention it's
not an accident that he puts this out
here just one everybody's complaining
about Ukraine and everybody's
complaining about Syria it gives you a
new thing to complain about but do you
notice how less important it is that on
the on the scale of things you should
care about where where is your level of
caring that he chose his own the Golf
Resort Golf Course I guess not a resort
he chose his own golf course which they
plan to do at cost
so really it's gonna be priced I cost
them they say how important is it they
picked his own golf course in the world
events it's the least important thing
that happened in the entire world
there's there's nothing less important
than that and if it makes everybody talk
about that even as a criticism they're
talking about the least important thing
that they could possibly be talking
about do you think anybody do you think
anybody's going to vote for him or not
vote for him because he chose Doral as
the location no nobody cares nobody
cares about that I mean it's something
to talk about nobody cares
especially a few prices at cost or
anything
the cost now here's my second part of
that tape was there a better place to
have the g7 because that's really the
question right if if there had been a
better place then I would say there was
a better place so this is looking a
little sketchy but was there a better
place now it turns out that the facility
apparently is is well suited for it but
don't you think that out of that list of
ten places isn't it reasonable to assume
that at least one other place was also
suitable so there had to be at least one
other place that was you know as
suitable as that so I don't think you
can say it was the best physical place
you know Bar None maybe it was I mean
it's possible but there probably was
something close here's why it was the
best idea ever
what's the point of the g7 what's the
point of it why do we have it it's so
leaders can meet socially is that why do
we have a g7 so people can get together
and have a few drinks and shake hands
and go home no it's a functional meaning
it is a functional meeting in which
negotiating and persuasion and yet even
your personal relationships are the top
ticket you're trying to negotiate
persuade make connections what's the
best place in the world for President
Trump to negotiate persuade and
influence people you know to be allies
and stuff his own house now I say his
own house meaning his property this
president understands that before you
walk into the room to negotiate you have
you heard me say this before set the
table that's right
he uses the phrase all the time it's he
talks about it in the art of the deal
you always set the table you create this
situations so that before you negotiate
you've already put variables in your
favor what is better than waking up in
your own property and walking I don't
know I mean I assume you'll probably
stay at his own property right he'll be
comfortable it will be familiar he will
have everything he wants you will have
no jet lag and he'll just get up feeling
fresh and like a daisy now what will the
other leaders feel when they're not only
talking to the President of the United
States but they're doing it at his
luxury resort which I understand is
impressive in other words the leaders
are going to look around and say not
only to see the President of the United
States but everything here is his think
about that the whole point of the g7 is
to influence these other leaders the
home-field advantage he gave it to
himself anybody who says this isn't the
right decision doesn't really understand
how things work now I I get the people
saying hey it's a bad look
does this gonna look like it was you
know you just did it for yourself and
maybe you did yeah well I I'm not I'm
not a mind-reader maybe he did it
primarily to bring attention to his
resort maybe he did it's still the best
decision for the country because you
want your president to wake up in one of
his own beds feeling good feeling
familiar having everything he wants with
no question you know the food he wants
the type of service environment he wants
everything he wants you want him walking
waking up into that while all the people
he has to influence are also waking up
to it they're waking up to his place
it's amazingly smart why am I the first
person to say that let me ask you have
you heard anybody say what I just said
that the
purposes negotiating you always set the
table the president just set the table
better than you've ever seen is that you
have never seen anybody set a table that
well you've never seen it it's
completely outside of our experience how
smart that is so it's just an invisible
I think if you'd seen this happen even
once before you'd say oh yeah that's
what you know Eisenhower did or you'd
say yeah yeah Nixon did the same thing
it's smart
you have your home territory did did
certain of it say that it's funny
somebody's saying in the comments that
Mike sort of it said the same thing and
just before I read that comment I was
going to say I was actually gonna
mention him and say he probably said the
same thing even though I didn't see it
because he would have he would have
noticed the same thing all right there's
news that China's GDP is slowing to a
near 30-year low because of tariffs so
they're saying it's down to 6% GDP now
of course if the United States ever got
up to 6% we think it was the best thing
in the world but all the smart people
say China lies about its GDP it's
probably flat or negative so can you win
a trade war remember everybody said you
can't win the trade war and the
president said effectively sure I can
watch this they need us more than we
need them watch this
is he not right can we not say at this
point that China's economy is suffering
and ours apparently is now suffering at
all you know the farmers are suffering
and you know I think maybe more could be
done there to move some tariffs in their
directions so that they can get some
benefits but it looks like it looks like
the president called it right they
needed us more than we needed them now I
do not predict that we'll ever
have a comprehensive trade deal with
China because I don't think they want a
fair deal and we wouldn't sign an unfair
deal so I just don't think it'll ever
happen I think their economy will
continue to suffer forever and ours ours
will probably just keep getting better
all right so you we're hearing reports
about Turkey's president Dwan and how he
reacted to trumps let's say way too
casual letter which was also a little
bit threatening so you all read the
letter by now his friendly letter to
turkish president in which he basically
said hey let's be friends but if if you
don't want to be friends i will crash
your economy i did it before so don't be
a fool play as smart and the report is
there do one read that letter and throw
it in the trash and then there's another
report about he's somehow threatened
that will pay for this insult you know
you'll get us back for the insult here's
what you should here's how you should
respond to that letter or how you should
respond to those reports nobody knows
what we're doin did when he read the
letter do you think we really had
somebody in the room and there's
somebody who accurately reported that
aired one read the letter and crumpled
it up and threw it in the trash
i mean maybe maybe as possible but
there's there's no such thing as an
accurate report about what happened in
the room in turkey that's the stupid
report I mean as possible but nobody
knows that that's not a credible report
you should not take that as meaning
anything likewise whatever third one is
thinking about the letter we assume he
didn't like it but was it a letter that
was written with the hope that the
recipient would like the letter it was
not it was written with the intention of
threatening him in public
the
letter was written as a threat should we
expect her Duan to like being threatened
no should we expect that he would like
it being essentially insulted by the
letter no no we should not expect him to
like that but he is a NATO ally and he
proudly needs to work with us and we
probably need to work with Turkey so
does it make any difference probably not
probably not makes no difference so I
got a question I noticed that most of
not all of my critics on Twitter and I
don't know if this is any different than
it's ever been but there are almost a
hundred percent going after me
personally now so they don't even so
I'll say something about politics or
I'll make some point about something
that's happening in the news and no
longer do people disagree with the point
they just send tweets and say I'm
incredibly stupid
I'm the Dilber guy and since I'm such a
loser because I make a bad cartoon
nobody should listen to me and I think
to myself what what is the internal
process that's going on now some of them
are just paid trolls and they're just
there to cause trouble but the people
who are like real people they wake up in
the morning and I was looking at one of
them one of the trolls that came after
me and I often look at the profiles of
the trolls just to have a sense of who
they are and why they're saying what
they're saying and his profile said
something like you know dad you know
husband basically use just like this
nice guy but he gets on Twitter and he
becomes a Satanist like an actual
Satanist and by Satanist I mean he did
something to hurt a stranger for no
particular gain that is obvious other
than the pleasure of hurting somebody
and I think to myself that's very
revealing that somebody would wake up
and say huh
I have a free pass as Twitter is sort of
the Wild West I will go to a stranger
and I'll say something deeply insulting
in hopes that the stranger reads it and
and I think to myself why is there
internal process for that you know some
of them are just political so maybe
they're trying to scare people off of
Twitter or whatever but I don't think
most of them I think most of them
actually get pleasure and of sadism of
the ability to hurt somebody in a
distance without any risk of being hurt
back and I think maybe Twitter needs to
add another button you know so right now
you can retweet and you can lie things
and I guess you can report a troll but
what if somebody is not exactly a troll
in the sense that they're not you know a
pager or a bot or something they're just
a real person but they're also a
Satanist shouldn't we have a button to
mark sameness so that eventually they
only can get to see each other in other
words I should be able to mark that guy
not as a troll because I'm not asking
that he be removed from Twitter at all
his free speech he said something I
don't like that's not a reason to be
kicked off of Twitter but I'd like to
mark him and say oh here's somebody who
finds pleasure from hurting strangers
why can't I make that part of his
permanent record just say oh this guy
says he's like a dad and the softball
coach or whatever seems like a nice guy
but here's a perfect example it's public
here's a person who likes hurting people
for fun yeah somebody's saying Tom
Arnold yeah people are complicated
so Tom Arnold might like it for the
attention you know there are other
things going on but I'm talking about
the anonymous person who only gets out
of it the pleasure of hurting a stranger
or the hope that they hurt you because
they said something you won't like there
should be some way to mark say this now
of course
you don't want people illegitimate Lee
marked because then everybody would say
Scott you're the safest I mark you a
sadist so there should be some way you
can you know check for yourself
something like that I don't know maybe
there's no system that would work for
that well I don't think sadists should
be allowed to mingle with non sadists
it's one thing to disagree but it's
another thing to just insult somebody
for the fun of insulting you should be
marked as the say myst now i some of you
know that I quite often insult people
online you've seen it a million times if
you follow my Twitter account but I
almost always limit it to these two
categories it's either somebody who's
you know major politician so that's a
different category or somebody who
started it you know if somebody starts
at first that's a free slap I always
take a free slap it's part of the
entertainment I do it for fun I do it
because other people read it so when I
when I respond to people I'm trying to
be clever enough that other people will
enjoy reading it so that's usually what
I'm going for
but yeah I don't go to somebody's
Twitter feed just to give them an insult
if they're a random person alright
enough about that I think we've hit all
the big points give us a break get over
it what's that mean that's all the left
has is a dominance yeah have you noticed
that the complaints against the
president have turned entirely imaginary
now all of the complaints about the
president are well things are going well
but what if somebody sees his
personality and then acts in a way in
the future that we can't quite predict
but might be bad for us in some
unspecified way that's it there may be
some unspecified
that we can't define that something bad
might happen to us in the future but we
don't know what that is
could it be bad meanwhile the economy's
plugging along all right let me mention
again that if you have not already
purchased my amazing book loser think
you will be way behind because on
November 5th when it comes out you can
pre-order it now everywhere that you can
pre-order amazon.com etc and once it
comes out two people are going to be
using that word loser think a lot and
you don't want to be left behind so make
sure you get your copy it's gonna be
very useful for you to debate with
people online I did some book signings
for this I might do some more but I'll
tweet about that if I do and well thank
you Sharon for your nice words and
that's all for now talk to you later