time time time hey everybody how are all
of you come on in here
I'm pom pom pom pom it's time for coffee
with Scott Adams and the simultaneous
cept the best part of your day it's
where you get that little dopamine
advantage that will carry you through
the rest of the day and I'm here to give
it to you it starts with the
unparalleled pleasure of the
simultaneous sip and you know what you
need a cup or a glass or a mug at Eckerd
Steiner chalice possibly a thermos maybe
a flask any kind of a vessel that holds
a liquid I like coffee join me now for
the simultaneous sip so a little bit I'm
going to have a guest on here which is
why I have my fancy headset on looking
quite professional I like to think and
while I'm waiting for the guests to join
and by the way Tom if you're looking at
how to join if you haven't done this
before you should be on a mobile device
because it only works on mobile well it
will not work on your laptop and look
for the little happy faces icon at the
bottom of your screen and that is how
you request to join but and I see
somebody's requested to join let's see
if that is Tom not yet okay so let's
talk about a few other things while
we're waiting for that oh the fun the
fun today so there's an article in
National Review by Kevin Williamson in
which he said a number of things are not
real and people asked my opinion and the
things that that Kevin Williamson labels
as not real are things such as
cults and stuff that Freud said and
recovered memories and brainwashing so
Kevin saying that those things were not
real now I agree with him on most of
these things I see Thomas here and we'll
get to him as soon as I finish these
comments I agree with most of those
comments I'll tell you what I agree with
in what I do I agree they're calling one
thing a cult and another thing a
religion doesn't make sense because the
difference between a cult and a religion
that's more of an opinion and so I would
agree with him that that labeling some
things cults you can't really justify
that a religion that you don't believe
in looks like a cult to you he says
recovered memories are not real I
believe that is correct I believe that
the stories of recovered memories are
really stories of people imagining
things and talking themselves into
thinking they're true but and then he
also says that a lot of the beliefs
about Freud and the Freudian analysis
are also based on no science and that's
true too Freud was we know now a fraud
but here's where we disagree he says
there's no such thing as brainwashing
but he's careful to say brainwashing as
it is popularly described in movies and
popular culture so his his definition
might be a little restricted and maybe
that's why he says it doesn't exist but
I say brainwashing absolutely exists all
right remember I don't know what Kevin
williamson's background is but I'm a
trained hypnotist I I have hypnotized
people and I can tell you that you can
change people's preferences and what is
a person if not a bundle of preferences
because you're not your memory
exactly you know because you could put
your memory in your phone and that
doesn't make your phone you
so you're not your memory you're not
your body because you could lose an arm
but you're still you
you are largely the thing that makes you
special besides your genetic makeup is
your preferences and those can be fairly
easily changed by other people so do you
call that brainwashing well here's the
thing
Kevin Williamson already said that
recovered memories are not real if a
recovered memory is not real what
happened to the person who had the
recovered memory they were brainwashed
so not intentionally but a person with a
recovered memory is usually a memory
that has been let's say installed by the
person asking the questions so for
example in the famous case of the
McMartin preschool the law enforcement
people asked questions of the children
in a way that were sort of leading
questions that would cause them to
believe they had a memory they didn't
have so that's a well-documented case
where the police have brainwashed
children they brainwashed them into
thinking they had experiences they never
had very common wouldn't you say that
trumpet derangement syndrome is based
entirely on brainwashing it is most of
what you see as politics is actually
just brainwashing it's not one side if
you think the other side is brainwashing
and the side that you happen to join was
the one that doesn't do any brainwashing
I'm sorry you you don't understand much
about how the world works everybody's
being brainwashed all the time it's you
know it influences us in different ways
different people but you're all being
brainwashed pretty much as I've said
before try to find somebody in the real
world who has a political opinion that
doesn't match the news network they
watch it's rare people get their
opinions assigned to them and then they
believe it's their opinions it becomes
their opinions but brainwashing is the I
would say I would say
opposite or brainwashing doesn't exist
I'm going to say as opposite as possible
almost everything you believe is
assigned to you so you are mostly a
brainwashed creature mostly we're
probably 90% brainwashing and 10%
you know genetics and randomness and
stuff like that
so that's my my take on it now let's see
if we can bring Tom on here what made
you wait long enough alright Tom can you
hear me um terrific
Tom can you help me with the
pronunciation of your last name sour Tom
sour sour sau er that's right
and I understand you have some
experience with with Mines and
demolition can you tell us your
experience because this is relative to
the Iranian and the tanker situation
that's correct I am a former Navy EOD
officer Guillot d stands for explosive
ordnance disposal where the bomb squad
for the Navy and for special operations
so you've seen limpet mines the kind
that are allegedly being used on these
tankers in the Gulf of Oman is that
correct that is for a general speaking
that's correct I can't speak to the
specific mind that was used there but
generally speaking yes we spend on those
and we're familiar with yeah so the
first thing I'd ask is you saw the
videos the grainy videos of what is
allegedly an Iranian maybe Revolutionary
Guard boat removing something from the
hull would you say based on your
experience that is probably a limpet
mind definitely a limpet mine door how
would you characterize that you see it's
hard to say because I did see the photos
from USS Bainbridge which was on scene
they took some photographs and put that
out it was part of the official Navy
statement and they showed the blasts
from one and they showed another black
object I can't tell for sure you know I
mean it seems like it would have been
but what threw me was watching these
guys come up
in the boat and it looks like they're
doing something right in the same spot
where the other picture had that alleged
limpet mine right and the thing is is
that we look at this and look I
acknowledge that there's other nations
of smaller countries or less developed
countries and their military their yo D
forces are very limited in their
capability in their training they're
what we call TTP's tactics training
procedures and and so we look at that
and I'm looking like well that's just
the day one you don't do that right what
that's like the first day is you don't
walk up on something that armed even if
it's dud fired right you shouldn't okay
assuming it misfired and didn't work
correctly well what that tells you is
that well that piece of ordnance and
this is whether it's a limpet mine a
hand grenade and ie D whatever it
doesn't matter is like okay that thing's
angry right and that is you go and put
your hands on that thing or worse even
approach it that's just like a big big
no-no that's why we have robots right
and you know that's why you see in the
movies everything we send a robot in and
that's why we have a guy wearing a bomb
suit furthermore if you have to send
somebody down range
you don't put a boat with a dozen guys
on a little boat and so that's why I
initially just question this is I'm like
I'm looking at this like okay this is
either not a limpet mine or these guys
are really really dumb and like look you
don't have to have a whole lot of
training or any train you want to be an
AUD guy to figure hey let's have this
boat full of a dozen guys we're all
gonna stand on the bow and stand around
it while mad you know goes and puts his
hands on the thing and Yanks it off well
I mean let me ask you this have you
accounted for any cultural differences
in other words would it be culturally
let's say acceptable for the people who
were not the ones actually reaching up
to this alleged limpid mind would it be
acceptable for them to be cowering and
fear at the back of the boat or you know
that's that's a good question I hadn't
thought of
you know if that's the case for another
country or in another culture if they
want to do that they can go and have
that part of their culture as far as I'm
concerned but anybody else you know if
they said hey we're all gonna go up can
I try to throw the other boat know did
it did it look to you as though there
was any place to hide on that small boat
I mean was it was there even a I don't
remember it clearly did it even have a
below deck it was an engineering class
patrol boat right which is real copper I
spent you know a fair bit of time out
there and those are there's a pretty
calm you see those guys all the time I
have interacted with the IRGC n a lot
and they and I can tell you some funny
stories about those guys they point
rockets at us they call us up on the
radio and say obscene things to us they
play pornography on the radio to just
kind of mess try to mess with our heads
they're real friendly but those on that
boat uh yeah I mean at least go to the
other side maybe that's actually Armour
it's distance all right but but but you
get my point
yeah if they thought that there was
nothing they could do to be particularly
safe right I just say uh well we're not
gonna act like we're you know a bunch of
cowards we'll just stand up here yeah in
solidarity with their buddies I suppose
you could say that maybe that is a
cultural thing it you know perhaps but
that's what I thought I was looking at
this like that doesn't make any sense
however when I saw these other photos
and it's worth pointing out yesterday
the New York Times call him about it and
I was acting the middle of writing on
the same topic for human events with
four will Chamberlain Ramin kasam I was
in the middle right right looking for
that because I was asking a lot of these
questions but then there's a New York
Times column that came up and it
actually had some looks like they
changed the filter on the all the video
footage you can see a little bit more
clearly and it really does like Wow okay
maybe they just were that dumb and they
actually did do what I didn't think that
they would and it looked like they
actually did it well keep in mind keep
in mind that if they got the order to do
this and they didn't do it you know
they're sort of dead they got two ways
to be
and this one was the low this one was
probably the low risk path probably
they're just being kind of maybe they
just decided hey we're just gonna be
really stupid about it and we're gonna
stand around you know I'm sure they're
probably too changed and do a lot of
laundry afterwards cuz I would've been
pissing my pants if I had to do that no
um and what are in your opinion having
seen what you've seen is there any
chance that it isn't exactly what it
looks like which is the Revolutionary
Guard put some mines on some ships is
there any chances anything but that good
question it seems like you know one
thing we do learn in any OD is that you
know if it looks like a doctor walks
like a duck it's probably a duck I mean
really is just kind of like you use the
Occam's razor approach I have I mean
yeah I guess it's possible but I mean I
I know what that boat is that is an IRGC
em boat you can tell from you know from
just just from that the the footage
there even though it's not color and
doesn't markings you can't see the
markings at least that is an Iranian
patrol boat now if there is something
else on there and not an explosive
device
I mean maybe but I would probably why
would it be yeah why would it be also
worth pointing out that the Iranians
know they know that we had our eyes on
everything in the area good now it says
that they shot down or tried to shoot
down one of our surveillance drones we
also had you know other whenever we have
that entire part of the world mapped out
we're watching everything and especially
after an incident like that there are
multiple cameras on scene 24 hours a day
you have surveillance aircraft and
surveillance drones so they had to know
that they were being watched and you
know here's a here's what I've been
watching for I've been watching for the
Iranians to specifically deny that that
would you call this ship or a boat
what's the proper patrol boat a PB or
you know yeah but I've been looking for
them to say that's not our boat because
if they don't say that's not our boat as
ridiculous as that might sound to us
they can't say that directly it's their
frickin boat oh it is definitely their
boat sure and if
tonight there you go now let me ask you
this I don't know if you know enough
about the politics in Iran you probably
studied that area more than I do but
what are the odds that the the
Revolutionary Guard could be acting
somewhat independently from even the
rest of the civilian government or what
are the odds that the President of Iran
who of course is subsidiary you know you
subservience to the grand grand leader
of the ayatollah what are the chances
that the civilian leader even knows
necessarily what's happening that's
actually possible and I'll tell you why
Iran has two navies people maybe don't
realize it you have the Iranian Navy
which is actually professional force
with I mean where they follow the rules
they're actually very professional when
it comes to interacting with American
ships they have p3 you know observation
aircraft and I've been flown out they've
flown over me a bunch and they're
actually a uniformed professional you
know they act like adults so to speak
right and you have another Navy which is
called the IRGC mu Iranian Revolutionary
Guard Corps Navy which is a paramilitary
outfit it is pretty much siloed off from
the rest of the Iranian military it
strictly for political purposes and
they're the ones who the troublemakers
they're in the little boats they also
like do things like they ride around in
Boston whalers with machine gun mounts
and rocket launchers like welded onto
them and they're a different animal and
they do answer to different bosses now
it is hostile now is the Revolutionary
Guard is their primary job to protect
the leaders from the population their
own population is that their primary
goal and that would be speculation I'll
be honest like I took a Middle Eastern
Studies class at the Naval Academy and
you know that's about it I'm not gonna
pretend to be a Middle East expert but
generally speaking yeah I'd say that's
true it's a very much a political
paramilitary unit it's they're not the
same as the regular military when
somebody's somebody's challenging me in
the comments that rouhani president
Ronnie had to know what was going on let
me let me modify my speculation to I
don't know that he was less
surely in on the planning of it but if
you watch the same video we did yes of
course he knows they did it
sure of course he knows now but I don't
necessarily think he knew before it
happened that's a fair speculation
I think there'd be a fair speculation
yeah I mean obviously we don't know
nobody knows none of us were there but I
mean from what we're seeing now I think
that's a pretty that's fair that's
reasonable yeah I heard that that they
fired at one of our drones I tried they
fired a missile at her drone and then
then he read down the article and it
says the closest the missile came to our
drone was a kilometer and I'm thinking
I'm not really worried about the Iranian
military now if the closest they could
get to a drone and you know drones not
moving that fast right I was no they're
not and that's absolutely very good
point whether shooting yeah it's there
they're not very effective at those
sorts of things one thing I would say to
tell people watch and you can find this
an open-source I'm not like giving
anything away is if we were to really
start to schwack Iran we really wanted
to hurt them and like it's going all out
which I still think is highly unlikely
but your tell for that will not be oh we
moved more Carrier Strike groups and
more ships into the Persian Gulf no no
no what's gonna happen is when every
Navy asset gets out of the Persian Gulf
because that means the US Air Force is
coming in and there won't be and the
only thing of the Iranian Navy that's
left but that's still floating will be
what the US Air Force decides to allow
[Laughter]
all sudden you hear about us maybe
getting out of the Persian Gulf that's
where you watch out so so but that also
raises a question I've been wondering it
feels to me like sure it's great to have
a Navy because all the all the reasons
that you would need one but if you ever
got into a real war wouldn't a hundred
percent of every major naval vessel be
sunk I mean on boats it is let's say we
got into a war with a with a serious
country with a serious military like
China yeah I mean not that we would
write want to be about one week before
everything that's loaded is not floating
anymore on both sides it very well could
be
it would be a modern naval engagement
these days would be very short and very
violent right the wouldn't be wouldn't
not what I think
improper probably not well I'm not
allowed we would take some licks and but
we deliver him back to that was
something I actually worked on in my
part of my part-time job one of my staff
jobs I was a planning officer we wrote
war plans actually part of a war plan
for Korea has my fingerprints on it a
very tiny part one of the staff guy I
was oh man well somebody in the comments
says what about submarines
yeah the submarines would be tougher so
it would be but here's the thing for
Iran one thing that's to note is their
art that it isn't a very big area for
submarine activity because it's very
closely confined I mean the Persian Gulf
is not that big and also the water is
very shallow
overall very shallow water so it's not a
blot place for you to hide or run around
there are some submarines out there
obviously some smaller ones we can get
into that Jack Potomac and I have talked
about that at length but yeah that's one
of the things as well that it wouldn't
be too much of a submarine fight there
is a possibility for that but also the
real concern is in the Persian Gulf the
Strait of Hormuz is if the Iranians were
to mine it and then you have a lot of
Mines it's one of things we always worry
about all the time because they can shop
all stop all that shipping traffic and
it only takes it doesn't even take one
mine to stop all that shipping tribe
that's why I'm gonna get so nervous all
you all the Iranian to have do is start
throwing barrels into the water and
people are freaking out now what is the
situation with the Iranian don't they
have their own need for shipping I'm in
other words if all shipping stopped
wouldn't Iran be in a lot of trouble it
would hurt everybody that's one of the
things that's one of the reasons why
they haven't done anything like that
yeah they're very careful about some of
these things and which also made me call
the question you know what what what do
the Iranians have to gain by doing this
really I'm not really sure if anything
this will just provoke more it's more
provocative and it doesn't really seem
to help them at all I found it
interesting that the Arab states all of
a sudden got real fired up you know say
America we got to do something you know
that's interesting who benefits out of
this yeah so the this is what makes me
think that Iran might be a bit fractured
at the moment I've got a feeling that
the
not all on board with whatever whatever
is happening there it's just a feeling
that's like that's a good feeling tab I
think you might be right all right well
so Tom here's here's some persuasion
I've been working on to help us with
Iran and I I previewed it with my
earlier question what kind of country
needs a military to protect its leaders
from its own population and that's the
sort of what the Revolutionary Guard is
in my opinion right yeah generally
speaking I'd say that's correct yeah so
I would think that that would be a great
framing because instead of making it the
United States against Iran it's pretty
clear that we're on the same side as the
population of Iran because they're we
both have the military between us and
the leadership of Iran which is not
helping either their citizens or anybody
else so in a way we have a common enemy
and it's the Revolutionary Guard so I
would agree that is good you know there
was an attempt at a revolution you know
another revolution counter-revolution
what 2013 I think it was several years
ago they've tried for that as well and I
mean it's it's it's too bad the state of
Iran that's a it's such incredible
potential coming out of the gas-rich
right alright Tom thank you so much for
that I'm gonna gods all right take care
all right that was great let's talk
about some other things so I was talking
yesterday about how the the news has not
covered president Trump's incremental
progress on health care when I say
incremental process I mean there have
been a number of smaller actions by the
administration that would improve the
free market free market mechanism of
health care they should lower costs in
the long run increase competition
increased choice that sort of thing and
there was this announcement that didn't
get much coverage about HRAs and
something about small businesses using
pre-tax dollars for health care and I
was watching dr. Niccole Safire
tried to explain this on what was it Fox
and Friends and and it was frustrating
because the topic is just too
complicated to really communicate I you
know I think dr. sapphire knew the topic
but she had to somehow in in a minute
communicate this to people who don't
have the same context and background and
even when you say pre-tax dollars if you
say to the average American citizen hey
this is pretty good because this will be
pre-tax dollars do you know what the
average citizen says what's is that
important
I mean pre-tax I don't know is that good
is that bad
so that whole story about the HRA is is
completely wasted it might be a good
policy and it might give us some good
results and someday we might look back
and say hey I'm sure glad about that but
I'm a small business owner I mean what I
do here is a small business and I
wouldn't know how to do anything
differently because of this what did the
HRA do for me or I don't know so it's
this completely poorly communicated
field what the administration needs is
some kind of an expert on simplifying
and communicating and if you would like
me to recommend some administration I
can do that
but just seriously need some
communication people working on
packaging and marketing all the things
that you're doing for healthcare costs
so that it's it's a coherent story and
not a bunch of muddled complexity
I saw a poll that says Biden is leading
and in terms of a hypothetical matchup
with President Trump and and the way I
was presented in the story was that the
poll says the voters want a quote steady
leader so they're looking at Joe Biden
as a quote steady leader and I thought
to myself that is the best kill shot
ever for Joe Biden because if there's
one thing you can
you can be assured of is that the more
we see of him the more there will be
things that people will label a
flip-flop more things where he stutters
and falters more things where he has to
you know clarify something he said the
normal the normal give-and-take of a
campaign produces lots of lots of
unsteadiness so unsteadiness is a
guaranteed outcome of pretty much
anybody running for president there will
be moments there they're accused
credibly accused of yeah having a gaffe
haven't saying something wrong having to
correct something flip-flopping from
their previous statements etc so the
last thing you want if you're the Joe
Biden campaign the last thing you want
is to hear the media labeling you as the
steady candidate because it's a label
you can't live up to
nobody could you know Trump couldn't
live up to it nobody could and I know
that the study is that the counter to
Trump's unpredictability but the
unpredictability is giving us pretty
definite benefits at this point I think
even critics understand they're the
worst
Trump critics understand at this point
that the president's unpredictability
has helped them in negotiations it's
helped us on ambiguously so that's a
terrible thing a terrible label to put
it on Biden is steady because that's
that's just gonna blow up like a limpet
mind all right mine George
Stephanopoulos was talking to President
Trump and one of the questions you asked
him was about the UFOs and the alleged
videos of UFOs that are our military
aircraft have taken and the president
was asked if he believes now keep in
mind the president Trump has access to
everything yeah there's no such thing as
information that's too confidential for
the President of the United States so
whatever we know the president knows
because certainly he's asked right at
the yes since the top
came up he certainly asked his people
well tell me the secret stuff do we have
any UFOs or not here was the president's
response about does he believe in UFOs
he said do I believe it not particularly
now not particularly
leaves him that you know that little bit
of an ALP which is well you know I'm not
saying they don't exist I'm just saying
I'm not particularly convinced of it and
he's seen he's seen the stuff that we
can't see so whatever it is that's out
there that has been seen the president
has looked at it and said now
particularly now if there's one thing
you should trust the President on it's
identifying BS because when you happen
to be a manufacturer of as much BS as
any politician but this president's
better at it than most let's call it
hyperbole if you're if you're a one of
the best manufacturers of let's say
hyperbole you can kind of recognize it
when other people are doing it you can
recognize BS if you are a BS or and when
the president who has access to the best
information in the world on the question
of ufos says do you believe it
not particularly I am in the same camp
no matter how many videos you show of
what looks like a grainy picture of a
UFO I don't believe it now the most
famous one is that one that would seem
to be traveling at a high speed and it
looks like they locked on to it and you
know at one point it looks like it it
turns sideways and it was still moving
that sideways turn is what tells me it
wasn't real do you know the video I'm
talking about there's one where there's
a craft that looks like it's going this
way and then at some point it turns this
way and it keeps going and I'm thinking
to myself that's exactly how nobody ever
made a craft there's no there's no
aircraft that works well in one
direction
but also works in the sideways direction
because you got air you got you've got
issues with that right so I don't
believe the UFOs
I don't believe UFOs have visited us
that's my my take nor do I believe we'll
ever find them but that's a longer
question let's talk about burning the
flag oh now let's talk about reparation
H so somebody on the internet and I wish
I could give credit because it's pretty
funny as referred as given a name to
Kamala Harris and because Kamala
believes in reparations and she also or
last name starts with H Harris but she
also believes in hoaxes one of them is
to find people hoaxes and several other
hoaxes she believes in
so somebody gave her the name reparation
H and I thought to myself I like that
that's a keeper because reparation H
just is is funny so that's that's good
if it's funny that's a good start but
funny isn't enough if the H stands for
hoax it signals people that she's
someone who believes in every hoax and
if you if he use reparation H use the H
for hoax not for Harris that's that's
what I would advise you and the reason
is if you use the H for hoax then every
time she mentions one you will be
reminded of it and it will be
reinforcing that's what the President
does with his nicknames he picks things
which will be reinforcing and then in
the normal scheme of things you know it
will be reinforced by events so the
hopes one would definitely be reinforced
so she is tweeted once again the fine
people hoax here's what's interesting
I of course retweeted that and called
out the fact that she was repeating a
hoax what I used to do that I would I
would just be trashed in the statements
people saying my god how can you say
this is a hoax today when I retweet it
only a few people say hey why are you
calling that a hoax I'm sure that
happened
and far more people are saying okay yes
here comes another hoax so I believe
that the that the the wait has turned
that the people who believe it's true
are now on the on the defensive as I
should be let's talk about flag burning
so there's some amendment or there's
some legislation floating around in
which I guess Senator Steve Daines
proposed an amendment for a strong ban
on burning our American flag and the
president supported that in a tweet and
called it a no brainer and other people
supported him Candice Owens for example
him said if I were president the
punishment for burning the US flag would
be the renunciation of citizenship
that's that's pretty drastic no jail
time no fine simply one year to
liquidate your assets and get the hell
out of our country that's pretty harsh
Candice you're you're badass in exchange
who he would extend citizenship to a
hard-working legal immigrants so I would
say that Candice and the president are
both doing something that is politically
very smart all right so I'm gonna I'm
gonna take two positions one is does it
work politically does it work as a
persuasion element and then secondly is
it a good law you know as a citizen what
do I think of it as persuasion it's kind
of brilliant because it forces the other
team to argue in favor of burning the
flag just so they can disagree with the
president and so Candice is you know one
of the smarter operators in the
political world and I'm sure she
understands that it's it's a it's a
diabolical trap for the other side which
by the way I haven't seen them fall into
the trap yet so maybe they recognize the
trap but even if you don't exactly agree
with Candice and even if you don't
exactly agree with the president that
such things should be illegal and I
don't you have to appreciate
what it does politically to the other
side it traps them in the corner and
makes them argue the thing they don't
want to argue which is hey let's let's
have everybody burning that flag now I
have a nuanced and superior opinion on
this than everybody else that's what
everybody says on this topic
the thing about flag burning is it's
such a simple topic it's one of the few
topics that we can all understand all of
the variables that's very rare
you know normally there's something we
don't understand about any big topic but
this one no question every person
looking at it knows all of the all of
the details you need so that's just an
opinion so here's my nuanced opinion
which I tweeted at the president I said
I respectfully disagree I said the flags
burn ability is exactly what makes it
indestructible I'll get back to that
I'll only pledge allegiance to a flag I
can burn in public no weak flags please
now dumb people read my tweet and said
Scott it looks like you want to burn a
flag no no I don't want to burn a flag
Scott it looks like you'd be in favor of
people burning flags no no I'm not in
favor of people burning flags Scott it
looks like you'd be okay with a flag
burning no no I'm not okay with it
I don't like it I don't want to see it I
wish there were no flag burnings can we
agree on that can we accept that and
move on but flag is a symbol flag is not
a bunch of cloth if my symbol of freedom
the flag if I can't burn it it's not a
symbol of freedom so a flag you can't
burn in in my view of things the moment
you tell me I can't burn it I don't
respect it you get that right because
free speech and the freedoms that the
flag represents are up here these
these are maximum important concepts the
material of the flag the fact that
somebody's you know doing something that
bothers you it's very offensive right I
think everybody here would be offended
on some level some a little bit some
more if you if you served in the
military the level of offense would be
probably through the roof but being
offended I think everyone would agree
that being offended is sort of down in
the weeds of importance you're offended
I'm offended we're all offended every
day about something that's that's
small-ball what's important freedom of
speech freedom that's important so if
you tell me you're gonna take away my
freedom the top-level important thing
freedom of speech in this case if you're
gonna take that away from me
to protect a piece of cloth I'm gonna
find myself a new country I'm gonna find
myself a country that gives me freedom
of speech because I want the flag that
gets stronger when it gets burned and I
want the the anti fragile flag I want
the one that the worst people in the
world can take out into the center of
the square and desecrate in every
possible horrible way they want to
desecrate it and that those people
assuming they clean up the litter I mean
there might be a question of litter but
as long as those people can walk away
and not go to jail that's the country I
want to live in even while I don't like
those people from doing what they did
even while I'm personally offended by it
I need to live in that country so that's
the high level I think that's the high
ground on this is that so let me reread
my sentence it's because it'll make more
sense now that I've explained it so when
I said my tweet was the flags burn
ability is exactly what makes it
indestructible as long as we can burn it
is indestructible
the minute we can't burn it it's dead to
me it's weak
and it's dead the minute I can't set it
on fire but if you let me set it on fire
anywhere I want in this country as long
as I'm not littering as long as I'm not
you know as long as I'm not breaking
some other unrelated law as long as I
can do that you've got yourself an
indestructible symbol can't can't be
destroyed if I can burn it all right
that's my opinion
now with the flag burning stuff I'm open
to the fact that this is just how people
feel about stuff and if you feel
strongly about it you know for example
if you were in the military and you say
to me you know I hear what you're saying
Scott I understand it you know in the
you know sort of blahblah intellectual
way you're saying and I understand it
but I fought for this country if I see
somebody burning a flag I'm gonna punch
their lights out I respect that you
still have to go to jail if you punch
somebody in public but you know what
you're getting right there's somebody
far for the country and they've got a
far more personal relationship with the
symbol and they need to take it out on
somebody I don't think you should punch
people but I'm not gonna tell you you
shouldn't feel that way so I I will
respect the opinion of people who
disagree with me on this topic all right
I think I hit all of the main points
here let me just check here I did those
are all my main points how about that
here's the other here's the other point
of view on this flag burning stuff I
told you that this summer was going to
be all silly news so we're gonna have an
entire summer full of silly news and I
think this flag burning thing fits
perfectly into that it's just some
silliness that the the president is
injecting because it's good for him it
makes him the protector of the country
the protector of America etc but it's
not important it really isn't it's the
least important topic that we're going
to talk about
so we'll have a summer of fun it looks
like and maybe this won't be the Summer
of Love but it's going to be fun alright
so a lot of people are asking me in the
comments to say something about Oh J so
if you don't know Oh Jay Simpson has has
opened his Twitter account with a little
video introducing his return and he says
he's gonna he's gonna be getting back as
some people that said some people that
said some stuff he didn't like etc and
here's the best part he wished all the
father's happy Father's Day happy
Father's Day oh man Oh Jay come on I
don't want to laugh about the tragedy of
a murderer and the poor families that
were involved but seriously Oh Jay happy
Father's Day
the only thing that could have been
happy worse than dough Jay saying happy
Father's Day is Oh Jay saying happy
Mother's Day am i right and I don't want
to make I don't want to make joke of
this but this is so wrong like so
monumentally wrong that it's so wrong I
just have to laugh at it because it's
ridiculously wrong it's wrong it's not
even just you know wrong offensive it's
it's like past offensive it's like
whatever is the offensive times 10 that
just you just look at you go well that's
just so wrong that's just so wrong
anyway when I when I checked he had a
quarter of a million followers up from
zero in one day and when I checked back
in a few more hours it was well over
300,000 so he's gonna have a really
interesting Twitter feed we'll see how
long it lasts Scott how's the homeless
situation in your country not so good
but I think we have lots of technologies
and ways to fix that
all right I think that's about all I've
got right now and I think Oh somebody
says County how is the homelessness in
my County well I'm on the East Bay so
San Francisco is sort of a mess if you
believe the news reports but where I am
in the East Bay I just don't see it I
mean I I live in an upscale community so
we just don't have too many problems
there all right that's enough for now
and I will talk to you all later
make sure you see this on YouTube in the
replay that just just search for our
real coffee with Scott Adams you'll see
it on YouTube in the replay bye for now