hey
everybody come on in I need you to keep
me company during the power
outage not sure how long it'll last but
when the power comes on I might go do
something
else so the power has been off for a few
hours in my neighborhood somebody ran an
SUV into a power pole we think there was
big accident nearby so that's probably
what it
was I'm coming to you from my man
cave um I'd show you around but you
wouldn't actually see
anything so I'm playing uh uh what is
the name of that uh that scary
movie uh I might use this every every
time I do Periscope now I like the
look um do I have a hot girlfriend or
the Hott
girlfriend is your question and the
answer is the hottest
girlfriend and trust me when I say there
was no other answer to that question
happens to be true
though um thoughts on let's talk about
Trump so um I only was skimming the news
this afternoon but I understand uh that
he went into the meeting and said handed
down some candy and then
said uh if I sign the government into uh
back into uh action if I approve the
budget will you give me the wall or
something like it and Blair Witch yes
it's Blair Witch and uh apparently he
walked out now let me ask you was that
the right play was that the right thing
to
do uh I'm going to argue that it was
exactly the right thing to
do that he didn't need to stay in the
room once they said there's no
negotiating on this point cuz it was the
only point so uh I thought the the
Democrats actually did a good job of of
the best case they could under the
circumstances because keep in mind the
the Democrats have an an extra level of
uh of challenge because the Democrats
have to make a case for why they're
against the thing they're for
literally because they're for border
security using whatever mechanisms you
need wherever they are
and they're arguing against it so they
had a they had a tough position to argue
from so what they did was they said hey
let's uh let's separate these things we
can improve the budget and open the
government and we'll just negotiate this
other thing separately now the beauty of
that method is that it depends entirely
upon the people that they're persuading
being stupid or at least ignorant and
not paying attention to the what's going
on because there's no logical reason
that the budget is tied to the question
you know that the government budget is
is tied to the uh the wall it's not
logically
connected Trump just said we're going to
see how much pain you're willing to take
to get the
wall and you're going to see how much
pain I'm willing to take to get the wall
now it's really interesting because
Trump is in a position and I think you'd
agree where he can't give in he actually
can't if he does he's he's got a lot of
explaining to do and I don't know if he
can dig himself out of that hole
but uh Nancy and Chuck very
cleverly
um what what is the term for it when
you're playing chicken and you're
driving at each other with cars
in order to win a negotiation at this
level they had to convince
Trump that they would stay in it longer
than he
would and they know that he's really
going to stay in it so how do you
convince them that that they're going
how do you convince the country that
you're going to stay in it longer when
you're actually arguing that you don't
approve of your own
opinion yeah how long can you stay with
a position that you don't approve of
border security
with a variety of mechanisms that the
experts tell you they need that's a
tough position when you've approved it
in the past so uh they're depending on
the public not understanding how
negotiating works so of course there's
no logical reason that the government
has to be shut down because they haven't
figured out what to do in the Border
they're just not connected Trump is
connecting them simply to give them pain
and if it means that much to them then
they will do more damage to the
government than he will but it's a
really bad bet on their end because I
think
Democrats can
negotiate and and get something out of
this deal and still look like they
won so they can you know it's possible
for you Ploy and Schumer to you know
give a little more and still look like
winners you know still look like they
were bipartisan Etc
uh but uh they cleverly did this they
they painted themselves in a in a corner
and the analogy I was trying to make
when people are playing chicken and they
want to act like they don't have the
option of turning away from the other
car at the last minute isn't there
something they do like they put a a
brick on the steering wheel or they
throw away the is it that they throw
away the steering wheel is that what
they do yeah anyway um my analogy is bad
but the uh
but what Schumer and Peli did was they
threw away the steering wheel so they
publicly said it's immoral to approve
this you know W the way it's being
described now once you said it's immoral
and you said it a whole bunch of times
how do you change your mind you can
change your mind on a budget negotiation
but you can't change your mind on a
moral issue so when Pelosi painted it as
a moral issue it was like took the
steering wheel of the car and and threw
it out and said you know come at me
Trump you you still have a steering
wheel and you're the only one who can
turn this car so we don't kill each
other uh so I'm going to say now I've
said this before but anybody who
underestimates Pelosi is is is maybe you
know uh making a big mistake because she
does seem to be good at this I don't
know exactly how good Chuck Schumer is I
don't get the feeling he's the strong uh
member of the party do you let me ask
you the question directly when you look
at Schumer and Pelosi and if you've been
watching them both for a while who's the
power the power person in that power
couple it's her isn't
it he he feels he
just yeah he feels so um here's what it
is I think
when Pelosi is doing her political
persuasion you can know that it's just
persuasion as in the case of the wall
you can know that she doesn't mean what
she says but she still looks like she
does right there you know fact Jack me
on that in your opinion does Pelosi look
like at least she believes you know it's
a convincing story that she believes
what she's saying when Schumer talks I
don't believe he believes it because he
doesn't sell it there's something about
his I don't know his demeanor his words
he
chooses and today for example um wasn't
it wasn't it Schumer and not Pelosi I
may have this backwards but you can you
can test me wasn't it Schumer who said
that and Trump said that Mexico was
going to pay for the wall because when
you talk about something else that's not
connected you know the decision of
whether they should pay for the wall is
completely disconnected
from his campaign promise that he'd make
Mexico pay for the wall which was never
the important part right I don't think
anybody even people who voted for him
well probably some but H how many let me
ask you this most of you probably were
Trump supporters Trump voters and let me
ask you how many of you believed that
candidate Trump literally meant he was
going to make Mexico pay for the wall
and that it would might happen so you
have to believe both things you have to
believe that he meant it literally like
like they were going to you write a
check uh and you had to believe that he
was actually going to get that
done how many of you believe that cuz I
don't see it as a big reason that people
voted for
him uh so the comments are a little
lagged here so people are saying that
uh yeah some people are agreeing with me
that Pelosi seems like the the stronger
player there
um but at the moment you're seeing a
sort of a Clash of
Titans
and it looks like a tie to
me and usually I have a stronger opinion
about the way things are going to go you
know if you're going to if you're going
to bet money and don't do this by by the
way don't bet money on the next thing
I'm going to say um I I've heard from a
number of people who have uh I probably
shouldn't tell you this but I'm just
going to be honest I've heard from a lot
of people who want a lot of money
betting on Trump to win because they
followed my
blog uh I know one person who won
$100,000 others 10,000 you know pretty
big pretty big
bets and I want I want to to tell you
that I was pretty sure about that that
happening but I'm you know less sure of
this following prediction but I also
don't see anything that's wrong with it
you know anything could happen and
here's the
prediction Trump is going to get
something closer to what he
needs then Pelosi will get closer to no
no barriers being funded and or a low
budget so I think that Trump wins
for the the reason that he can't lose
meaning he can't allow himself to give
in because it would be sort of a fatal
um sort of a fatal
blow and but Pelosi
can Pelosi is trying to tell us that she
can't back out by painting herself in a
corner but she really can and uh my
guess is they'll have to pretend that
they both won and somebody just needs to
say the magic words let the engineers
figure out where it's fence and where
it's something else let them tell us the
budget and let us just agree that we're
going to we're going to go with the
experts and get on with it so I'm sure
there's some some way to do a version of
that so in other words the since it's
become a personal contest between Pelosi
and Trump trump can't lose he can't let
himself he just can't and and Pelosi has
painted herself in a corner threw away
the steering wheel the only way they can
get past it is to turn it over to a
third party but as it turns out that's
exactly what you should do in any
rational business sense you should ask
the engineers to make sure that they
have a rational budget and a rational
set of solutions now you're going to
tell me that border
patrol
lights now you're going to tell me that
uh border patrol has already done the
analysis and border patrol has decided
whether will be fence and offense but
I'm not
sure that people see the border patrol
people as totally free of
politics because you know you can never
be sure if they're saying what they're
saying because their boss is is Trump so
there's always a little bit of bias
that's that's built into who's willing
to say what in public and yes but if you
say
let the engineers decide it's still
really border patrol they're just
talking to the engineers so the
engineers would be you know capturing
the specs and then border patrol would
say well here's a place we need a wall
and then the engineer would say I hear
what you're saying but from a physical
perspective you just can't get a wall
there so let me give you some
suggestions for what would work so if if
Trump is still selling and I'm not sure
this exactly the case but but I'll just
say it in in the conceptual if Trump is
still selling the idea that border
patrol has figured out where they want
wall and where they want you know fence
and other things they're still not the
right people they are the right people
who know where the problem is and they
also would know what has worked before
has this wall worked has this fence
worked so they would know all that and
you couldn't get there without using all
of their expertise so they have to be
the the users in this case so the users
Pelosi and Trump let's put it this way
if you know speaking in business terms
Pelosi Schumer and Trump are not the
customer they're not the user the user
is border patrol the people who do that
job but border patrol is not Engineers
so they need to describe as best they
can what they think needs to be done and
where it needs to be done but you need
an engineer to
say you know this works or this doesn't
all
right
Alexa turn off man
cave I'm having trouble connecting to
the
internet take a look at the help section
in your Alexa app looks like I've got to
reboot a lot of stuff in my house I got
a lot of rebooting to do so I'm going to
get to
that um
I'm just looking at your I'll stay a
little bit longer and look at your
questions Army Corps of
Engineers yeah I guess would the Army
Corps of Engineers be the right
Engineers I suppose they would but is it
really did they do civilian stuff I
don't
know
um yeah you'd have to carefully choose
the engineers that's true
all right you want to
hear you want to hear the
freakiest um the freakiest Stoner
hypothesis you've ever heard do you want
to hear something that will just blow
your
mind but only only if you've been
drinking or or smoking or something all
right here's an idea I've been I've been
playing with this is brand new and I
wasn't going to break it out yet cuz I
haven't thought about it enough but the
idea is this if we are a Sim ation
meaning that this world was built by
other creatures who may in themselves
have been programmed by other creatures
in a in a NeverEnding Turtles all the
way to the bottom way so if we are a
simulation I have speculated that every
simulation has some let's say physical
constraints such as memory and how fast
you can process things Etc so that we if
we know that's the case that if we're
simulated we would we would find
constraints you know where would you
look to find the
constraints and some of the ones that
I've speculated are and this is the part
I've talked about a few times before but
I'm going to add add a Twist that's
fun so I speculated that some of the
things that you wouldn't be able to see
if he were in the simulation is the edge
of the simulation so in other words you
could never walk to the edge and then
get on the outside and look in so that
would be you know a natural part of
being in a simulation and sure enough
our laws of physics make it literally
impossible for us to get to the edge of
the universe because the universe is
expanding faster than we can get there
and then we have the speed of light
limitation why is why is the speed of
light a limitation well nobody knows
exactly why maybe we'll figure it out
someday uh but it's just programmed um
and so that's one thing so they would do
that to conserve resources but here's
another thing that a programmer would do
to conserve resources the programmer
would not design uh the entire universe
in
full because the people who are the
subjects of the simulation you and I the
people would never see you know a very
large percentage of it we would never
experience it so let's say there's you
know Planet uh
100 million light mails or you know
light years away we'll never we'll never
see it so they don't need to render it
the simulation doesn't need to build it
until somebody comes along that might
look at it exactly the way software is
designed today so here's the thing if
you could
prove that history is built on demand
instead of already
existing you would go a long way to
toward proving we were a simulation all
you would have to find is that the
history gets written in the present in
other words every time if you if you're
digging in the dirt and you find
something that history gets written at
that point but if you hadn't found it
the history of the thing in the dirt
wouldn't have been
written
so this might
explain why we can't agree on climate
change
because uh there could be
not an objective history because if
we're a simulation and if you know
simulation Theory you know there's a
billion to one chance that we are
because however many original species
there are they will create probably lots
of simulations and then the simulations
will be smart enough to program their
own simulations all the way down so yeah
and Elon Musk agrees smartest people I
know uh think this is likely as well
so could it be that the reason we can't
agree what was happening in Old
Earth is because there was nothing
happening could it be that the reason we
can't resolve why the things that you're
looking at and the things that I'm
looking at are telling completely
different histories I mean literally I'm
talking to people all day long today
because I've been taking calls on my
company's app interface uh which is
working great by the way so I just
advertised on Twitter that I would talk
argue with people about uh climate
change and I got to talk to a whole
bunch of interesting people who knew
more than I did on in a lot of stuff but
I'm talking to people who say it's very
clear that the temperature went up and
other people saying look at the data
we're you know just look at the data
it's public temperature went down now
how can it be
true that in
2019 the smartest people in this topic
don't seem to be all on the same page
now I I realize I'm talking to more
Skeptics than the average person would
so it's it it's skewed that way but I
can't yet resolve this simple question
if the temperature is going up or down
over time you know and let's say in the
last 100 years uh is actually trickier
than you think when you talk to the
people who are who are you know the more
the more credible
Skeptics now when I say credible I
always make the distinction that that
doesn't mean that they're right it just
means that the way they present it you
know you can ask a lot of questions and
still walk away
saying that's not bad uh my my
preliminary assumption about the
Skeptics and the uh let's say the
alarmists in climate is that the the
skeptical arguments are at least 70%
 at least 70% of what people
claim CU there are a whole bunch of
skeptical arguments I'd say 70% of them
can just easily be dismissed for example
the the solar cycle one because cuz you
know smart people check that the lines
don't line up that's sort of the end of
the story but it's feeling to me that
within climate science even if you
assume that the the primary claims are
true that CO2 is raising the temperature
at an alarming rate and that's a big
problem even if if you accept that I
still think about 20% of it is
 now these are my preliminary
estimates and I'm just going to do this
this continuous Deep dive and every time
I surface a little nugget of something
that I think I learned I'll just share
it with you
on probably toward the ends of my
periscopes so that people who don't want
to hang in for that part can can bail
out
um but the one theory that they can't be
ruled out is that there is no objective
history and therefore until the Skeptics
who are the most credible and the uh oh
here's the other thing have have you
ever been amazed that the experts won't
have a debate with the Skeptics and the
Skeptics are all willing like yeah I'll
do it now the the reason of course is
actually a good reason so the the I
would say the climate scientists when
they say we don't want to get on the
stage with the Skeptics that's a smart
reason you know they're actually acting
completely rational and the reason is
that it could only degrade their
credibility I don't think there's a way
to
win but isn't it interesting that we
can't resolve the history and the one
and only way that it could be done would
be to put there are probably I'd say
there are no more than six people on the
planet that would represent you know the
most knowledgeable experts you know say
three of them and the most knowledgeable
Skeptics let's say the best of the three
of them so they're probably six people
in the world who all know each other at
least you know by reputation and and by
work they all know who who each other
are they can all connect with each other
millions and millions of people would
tune into it it would be the highest
rated don't you think it would be one of
the highest rated television shows of
all time am I wrong about that if you if
there was a an actual legitimate debate
I think it would be one of the biggest
most ratings Bonanza shows of all time
but isn't it interesting that the only
way that the history could be resolved
and then written which would be a big
burden on the the computer because it
would have to write all this you know
the history about
temperature uh and and and really
probably model the entire history if it
hasn't done it
already uh that the simulation prevents
those six people from ever being in the
same place when somebody's
watching so if you think about it the
simulation needs to preserve its
resources and again this is just for fun
you can believe whatever you want uh so
if we're in the simulation it's trying
to conserve its resources in a variety
of clever ways and one of those clever
ways might be to never let the Skeptics
and the climate scientists get in front
of the public and solidify one of those
two histories
so there you
go
um because we're a simulation and it it
uh saves
resources was the blackout caused by
global warming it was not it was caused
by I am told an
SUV running into something
that uh was all bad
news um have I heard of GAD sad I have I
don't know
much about
him by the way is it my imagination or
did Trump raise
the raise the initial bid from 5.6 up to
5.7 it seems like it went up didn't
it oh somebody's asking does khaw have
persuasion game yes khaw has he has the
full package it looks um I I would say
that
you know just from what I what I've seen
of him in public it isn't a ton but it's
enough to get a get a sense of the
person I you know seen a lot on Twitter
yeah he's got the full package I would
say
so
uh you cannot drive blah blah if it's a
simulation who cares about climate
change well if it's a simulation all of
our experiences will be
you know as if we're
real so you care whether you're real or
a simulation wouldn't would be no
difference um don't you have solar
panels yeah solar panels don't help you
in a power outage unless you have
batteries which is
rare um
when am I spoking a joint with the
president I don't think that's going to
happen is Stefan Malu
legit well does legit mean the same as
right about
everything I don't think it does so I
would say uh Stefan is legit in the
following
ways um I believe he's honest to a fault
meaning that anytime he gets in trouble
it's cuz that's his actual opinion um I
think he's one of the most rational
logical people around and since he lives
in a world that isn't like that uh he
causes massive cognitive dissonance in
people and they imagine that what he's
doing is far worse than what is actually
happening in other words he triggers
them to the point where they make
assumptions about him that are you know
out of bounds in my opinion uh same
thing that happens to president Trump
and anybody who triggers people with
their honesty they're going to get the
same same treatment by the way let's
talk about then uh is it
Congress woman tby what is the name of
the the the woman who called Trump uh
mother
eer is it tby something like that um
she's going getting a lot of airtime
isn't she don't you see her in the news
all the
time now ask yourself was it a
mistake was it a mistake to say what she
said when you know and to know it could
probably be reported or qu on film or
something doesn't look like a mistake
and when it happened I thought to myself
you
know that could work out for her and
sure enough and it and she's I've taught
you about the uh the CEO first day move
where if you're the new CEO the first
thing you do is you know you change
something you fire a bunch of people you
reorganize so you want to leave that
first impression if you're the the new
boss to libe I don't know how to
pronounce it exactly
um and I think
that do you say
congresswoman Congress person I don't
even know it is the right uh the proper
phrase but uh rep let's say
representative so
representative to
lebby um she she made a a first
impression as the most aggressive person
in Congress will that ever work against
her probably not probably not I mean
she's got a lot of you know other
impression she's going to make so things
could change but that first impression
will never leave her and it really is a
good one for politics especially if
you're a woman now ask yourself this how
many sexist men are there in the world
who think to themselves well the the
women in politics are not as tough or
whatever you know they're I never talked
to anybody like that by the way you I'm
in California so that probably makes a
difference but I literally never meet
anybody male or female who think that
you know woman can't be president or any
any of those older views but you know
they exist right in in the country there
are clearly people who still
have let say more classic views who
think that maybe uh you know a woman
who's a new member of Congress would not
be that tough well she just slayed that
opinion she just she just slapped off
the
table with before she was even sworn in
you know you tell me that that's not
good
politicking cuz that was good good
politicking she got the she got like two
or three persuasion things right before
she even started you know one was
sucking the attention out of the room
the other is doing something that's a
little inappropriate and then what I was
describing that setting the first
impression as sort of the the toughest
meanest you know politician is nothing
but good for her her power and she got a
lot of you know Air Time Etc so I think
it's all good anyway I'm going to go
find Christina and we will rejoice that
there are lights and I will reset all my
digital clocks fun fun I'll talk to you
later