buh-buh-buh-buh-buh papa hey everybody
come on in here I don't have long so
you're gonna have to hurry up I know you
can't hear me right now cuz you're not
signed on but if you could I'd be
telling you to quickly get in here hey
everybody hey Ricky hey Chris and and
the rest of you uh-huh I just saw a
tweet from AOC that might be the
record-breaking dumbest thing anybody
ever said and I know I know in the field
of politics and in the whole world
there's a lot of competition for the
dumbest thing anybody ever said but it
was used tweet may be the dumbest thing
anybody's ever said now I want to put
some context in this remember I'm the
person who often says I'm not going to
worry about somebody missing a fact all
right I don't care if there's a little
like her hyperbole the president is
using and I don't care if the Democrats
use a little hyperbole - it's all fair
we understand I don't really care if the
Democrats you know they don't pass the
fact-checking the little stuff so I'm
not the one who's gonna nitpick oh they
got this fact wrong but this is a whole
new level and I can't detect whether
this is pure persuasion but nobody would
persuade me persuade this poorly so I
think it's actually stupidity and i i
have resisted you know that I have been
not agreeing with AOC on policy but I've
been largely supportive of her as a you
know a positive contrary voice having
some good sort of long-term views of the
world in terms of it health care and
stuff so I've gone out of my way to give
her the benefit of a doubt and to frame
her as a good persuader who sometimes
departs from the facts but you as you
know that doesn't bother me
this latest tweet you've never seen this
level of done before like this is world
destroying dumb and that's not even an
exaggeration if this level of dumb
became part of people's common thinking
it would actually destroy the world and
kill millions and I'm not even talking
about socialism you know that's a whole
other topic I'm gonna read it to you now
the context is there were some Congress
had a hearing with witnesses about
climate change one of them I talked
about on my earlier periscope was a
fellow who said that fossil fuels have
helped the world a great deal including
health now the argument was that all
industrialization and the end of poverty
that's going from 30 36 percent of the
world was in poverty during Reagan's
administration is down now down to like
6 or 9 percent and that's almost all on
the backs of fossil fuels and if you
look at the health benefits of moving
people from poverty to non poverty it's
amazingly good for your health there's
almost nothing that's as good as for
your health as a good economy and
raising people out of poverty there
wasn't any way that that could happen
without fossil fuels now if you're
talking about the future that's a new
question but listen to this tweet this
is a OC
literally the dumbest person in the
world and that's a brand new opinion I
wasn't thinking that until just today
all right she's tweeted this morning one
of the things that genuinely surprised
me in Congress is the sheer mediocrity
of witnesses called forth by the GOP in
hearings all right so no reasons given
it's just sort of political posturing
but here's the good part she says
yesterday they brought in a guy with a
polka dot bow tie
backed by oil lobbyists arguing the
fossil fuels are quote healthy and then
she writes in all
healthy it's embarrassing
AOC just went on the record to say that
the history we're not talking about the
future remember we're not talking about
the future that the history of
civilization has been that fossil fuels
have made people less healthy apparently
she's she's doubting the fact that
bringing the entire planet out of
poverty until there's like nine percent
left in poverty and of course you
couldn't have done that anyway without
fossil fuels she's arguing that somehow
that made us less healthy aoc are we
less healthy than we were in the 1800s I
don't think so I don't think so this if
she's arguing that is let me put this in
perspective you needed a visual let me
put a size on this because I don't want
you to think I'm talking about some gray
area we're not talking about something
that reasonable people can see both ways
it's like well I don't agree with you
but I can see why you say that we're not
talking about anything like that we're
not talking about a political
disagreement
we're just somebody has different
priorities nothing like that
here's what we're talking about this
this big circle represents all the
health benefits of fossil fuels in our
recent history the amazing economic boom
that has allowed us to build hospitals
it allowed us to build helicopters to
airlift people from you know dangerous
situations it gave us all of
civilization it was the biggest
improvement in health in human history
our life expectancy ezo assumed
everything got better because of fossil
fuels we didn't have any option right
but there were also negative impacts
definitely there was more
pollution people died as coal miners
definitely no question about it
there were a whole bunch of people lots
and lots of people who had negative
health impacts because of fossil fuels
but that's this big if you're looking up
the last couple hundred years the
benefits to our health our health
capital health all caps aoc the benefits
to our health are freakin huge it's like
she went on on a public forum and said
oh the GOP they brought in a person who
thinks that the planet or earth is
bigger than a marble he thinks the
planet is bigger than a marble and I
love the the sarcasm and the the snark
because to be so confident and so stupid
at the same time and keep in mind the
the expert was the bowtie that she's
talking about explained what I just
explained except much better to her
yesterday he made his case essentially
the way I am which is fossil fuels were
absolutely essential and a big part of
our economic prosperity that took people
out of poverty and if you can buy people
stuff like air conditioning and you can
heat their homes and you can feed them
their health is a lot better to tell me
that that's somehow like a gray area was
he not listening is she actually that
stupid I actually can't tell because
it's hard for me to believe that
literally anyone like I believe I could
take a child in here and I'm not
exaggerating could I take a ten-year-old
child in front of my whiteboard and say
well here's the deal you know fossil
fuels had all these benefits but you
know some people died to the pollution
there were accidents you know a number
of
you know there were definitely a lot of
people died no we're not minimizing that
but this one's less big because it's an
entire civilization there was
benefitting and all the health benefits
that come from prosperity versus this a
ten-year-old would understand that right
now for her to dismiss that and I'm sure
also dismissing nuclear power as a
solution she is now crossed the line
from simply being persuasive and
political and you know she's fun to
watch - this is dangerous do you know
how dangerous it is to put out this kind
of idea to her even dumber supporters
because I worried that people looked at
that tweet and said yeah she's right
false apostle fuels are bad for our
health not just health but health with
all capitals health I'm blown away that
this is a level of dumb that I don't
know if I've ever seen in in like a
public figure certainly you know there
are public figures who will say
something that's not true they'll have a
logic gap they'll have a bad day I mean
it's not like we haven't seen millions
of people say dumb things in public but
have you ever in your whole life have
you ever seen anything this dumb I whoa
well give me another example of anything
this dumb
and this and this dangerous it's it's
mind-blowing so I just had one point
today so I thought I would jump here in
here with this now she also didn't
mention and I don't know if any of the
experts mentioned nuclear power but if
AOC is talking about climate change and
nuclear energy is not in every other
paragraph she's not a serious player and
she's as stupid as you think she is now
I still I still will say that she's
great at getting attention and she's you
know
at the a big part of the persuasion game
she's actually very good at that part
still true but wow this is a level of
stupidity that I did not see coming and
and you've been telling me for you know
for a year right you've been telling me
that she's stupid and I kept saying well
no I will assume that because she's so
good at this persuasion stuff and then I
see this the the best the best thing I
can hope is says she's lying and she
knows it like that's that's literally
the best assumption I can make about it
because there's no way you can defend
this big steaming pile of stupidity
the kind you you almost will never see
anywhere in your life I mean you can
think of any topic and anybody's bad
opinion on any topic and it's not this
stupid let me give you an example she
also supports socialism now lots of
smart people say hey socialism's never
worked Baba but you could still make an
argument for it all right Bernie's
position isn't a hundred percent stupid
we just don't have to pay for it we
don't want to you know but there's an
argument Bernie is actually making gray
area but reasonably smart arguments
where maybe he's shading how much it's
gonna really cost maybe he's not quite
you know putting all the variables in
there that you might but that's not this
this is stupid on a galactic scale this
is this is destroy the world stupid this
is almost criminally stupid does anybody
disagree with me is there anybody in the
comments okay an argue that this isn't
the biggest pile of stupidity you've
ever seen in public anybody I don't
think
in an argument right all right so I
think I'm just repeating myself now
because you're all on the same page but
I cannot believe that she tweeted that
it's it's it's a mind boggling and what
it tells me is that the expert the
expert who've got some press and he must
have messed up her head so it's possible
that this is cognitive dissonance I
don't know that would be a very kind
interpretation because it's hard to see
this as anything but stupid I mean she
sat down and thought about it had a day
to think about it and compose this tweet
and came up with the dumbest thing I've
ever seen
literally the dumbest thing I've ever
seen somebody says you've been wrong
about AMC's since the beginning I don't
think I've been wrong about her
persuasive powers because you the fact
that we're talking about her so I'm 100%
right that she's got real persuasive
skill and this might actually be another
example of where she's persuading her
side quite effectively but it does seem
to me that she believes this because the
because of the attitude she put into it
it doesn't look like just persuasion it
looks like she actually believes us Wow
how how embarrassing I don't know if
this tweet is gonna stay up but the fact
that she ever thought of it once is it's
mind-boggling all right so that's all I
have I just I just couldn't let this
moment pass I hope I hope you enjoyed it
and I will talk to you later