pom pom pom pom pom pom pom hey
everybody I'm a little bit early today
why don't you jump in here and grab your
beverages because it's time for what I
call a crossfire hurricane of truth yeah
I said that and it's coming to you live
from Pleasanton California
grab your beverage it's time for the
simultaneous sip I had to get out early
I couldn't sleep
because there was so much to talk about
there might be a pinprick of hope that
the the Trump derangement syndrome
bubble could break now it's unlikely I
know it's unlikely I'm not going to
predict it but for the first time you
could see the possibility and it starts
with this Laurel and Yanni thing I think
you all know it but I'm going to play
that play that little audio clip and
once you see what name you hear okay
I'll just hold this up to my microphone
and live what do you hear Yanni or
Laurel alright here it is Scott Scott
can you hear it
Scott Scott all right did that sound
like Laurel or Yanni to you one more
time
Scott yeah those Scott alright just
kidding
speaking of jokes so yesterday I
forwarded some memes without comment and
what are the memes I don't know if
you'll see it here it's a picture of can
you see you let's see if I can get a
good picture here
yeah it's hard to say it's President
Trump hugging an african-american woman
who was the mother of one of the slain
police officers at a an event and of
course the President Trump and the
grandmother I assume she was 90 years
old we're hugging each other and they
were all over each other and and having
a moment
so rather than the mainstream media
reporting that as as a tender moment one
of the memes was and this is a fake meme
all right this is not real this is just
a funny meme and it shows Anderson
Cooper on one side shows the president
hugging the african-american 90 year old
grandmother and the fake heading says
analyzing Trump's history of aggressive
hugs all right so so the joke is that
it's like CNN would play this at with
the headline that says analyzing Trump's
history of aggressive hugs now it's very
funny and I thought oh that's pretty
funny because you know they turned it
around so I I forward this thing do you
know how many people thought this was
real you should see the comments so the
people on the on the right who already
have a mental picture of CNN being
ridiculous believed that this was real
now if you think I'm making fun of the
people who believed it that is not my
point
no if you run it if you run a news
network and people can't tell the
difference between an obvious hoax
headlined and something that's real
you're doing something wrong you're
doing something wrong here right so just
to be clear I'm not making fun of the
people who believed it was real because
they had a point making fun of the fact
that you can't exaggerate enough to make
it clear that you're even joking all
right now
a few other things that are happening
and I'm gonna get to a bigger point here
there's there's a whiteboard talk coming
in case you were case you were wondering
so I was looking at the South China
Morning Post now I don't know much about
this publication I don't know anything
about this publication except that it's
South China Morning Post and that they
probably don't have the same type of
bias against President Trump as you
might see in this country both pro and
con right so this is another country
talking about North Korea and the US and
what's happened recently in the US you
can see that the coverage of North
Korea's recent recent announcements that
hey maybe we won't give up our nukes
what's what's up with John Bolton now in
our country it's largely being reported
as man our president is stupid what a
stupid president we have he fell for it
again they're flattering him they're
getting they got everything they wanted
and now and now they're just gonna loop
and pull the football away and they
never really bent it
president Trump's a big old dope you
believe that all right that's the US
coverage how do they cover it as soon as
you get out of the United States right
so this the South China Morning Post
here's how they covered it oh it looks
like Kim jong-un is holding out for a
better economic package now that was my
first thought is that what he said was
oh we're not going to give up our nukes
for nothing now I don't think Kim
jong-un was thinking that the US and the
rest of the world would give up their
nukes at the same time even though
they've said something like that it
seems to me they're holding out for
something
what more economic promises so as soon
as you get out of the United States the
way they cover this is like oh it's a
negotiation what is it that he wants
more of more economic
that's probably what he's holding out
for that's probably what he is holding
out for well we'll find out all right I
want to talk about the hole in the
fabric of reality that just opened up
and it might give you a way to talk the
folks are who are in Trump Trump
hysteria
you know the Trump derangement syndrome
bubble we might see a way to help them
out and I'm gonna talk you through it
all right shall we go to the whiteboard
yes we shall all right
here's what I call the TDS escape route
this is possibly I am NOT going to
predict that this can work yet but we're
seeing for the first time a possible
escape from the Trump derangement
syndrome bubble for those people were
trying to help out and it goes like this
and I've arranged this in in order of
roughly and escalating a hoax order
right so on the left are the things that
are hoaxes or illusions that are the
easiest ones to talk yourself out of if
you talk yourself into the easy ones
you've got a chance you know it might it
might take you on a journey to talk
yourself out of the hard ones all right
so let's go through them the world
watched in wonder as people in the same
room listening to the same recording at
the same time could hear too clearly
different words some people listening at
exactly the same time to exactly the
same device in the same recording you
can stand right next to somebody and
they will hear Yanni while you hear
Laurel now for some people that was a
big deal it was like mind-bending it was
like my god how can two people look at
exactly the same thing and have a
completely different impression of what
what movie they're watching it was like
you're watching two movies on the same
screen
which is what I've been saying since
20:15 this is that hole in the universe
I was waiting for it's what I told you
was going to happen and you saw it most
easily in this because people people did
not have to doubt whether they were
living in sort of a - movie on one
screen situation because they could see
alive they could see it in real time
they could repeat the experiment as many
times they could see that everybody's
having the same experience this was like
a little pinprick in reality all right
by itself small story it will pass but
it's not by itself the very same day we
saw the media hoax in which you're
seeing clips taken out of context in
which the President of the United States
is alleged to have called the immigrants
animals but that didn't happen and
fortunately this was really easy to show
that all of the major media not all of
them but CNN ABC I think NPR a few
others clearly misrepresented a story
and it's also obvious it was intentional
because all you have to do is look at
the full full clip and you can see that
he was talking about ms-13 gang members
as animals something that we all agree
with and you can also see the it's very
easy to demonstrate to yourself you
don't need anybody else to explain it to
you just google it and you can see that
he's talking about animals and you can
see that the media quite intentionally
misrepresented him and the intentional
part is the important part of the story
if it were an accident you might say to
yourself well that doesn't mean anything
accidents happen oh this was no accident
now if you look at this and you look at
it and you realize crap I totally
believed that I believed he actually
called immigrants and general animals
and now I can clearly see that the media
intentionally Duke to me this one's easy
right and then you say to them I've been
trying this online a few times just just
to watch the reaction you say well if
you fell for this one
did you also fall for the
Charlottesville hoax and some of you are
saying right now
Charlotte Hill hoax what the hell are
you talking about that one was real that
story the president actually said that
the people carrying tiki torches and and
chanting you know anti-jewish slogans he
called them fine people that really
happened what are you talking about why
is it even on this list of hoaxes that
didn't happen it was reported but it
didn't happen let me tell you what did
happen in case you haven't heard this
before there were not two sides there
were four sides people against
Confederate statues people for
Confederate statues that was what the
event was about the whole event was for
statues against statues but within the
event there were also another two sides
an tyfa and the racists with the tiki
torches when the president said there
were fine people on both sides he was
talking about obviously the people on
both sides of the Confederate statue
issue now if you believe he meant the
actual literal racists with the tiki
torches or anybody who is agreeing with
them you have to explain why Israel
doesn't have a problem with it because
Israel thinks he's the greatest guy I
would think they would have noticed this
whole Charlottesville siding with the
anti-jewish marchers if it were real but
here's why Israel is not bothered by it
because as soon as you get a little
distance it's obvious it's not real it's
obvious all right so Charlottesville is
an obvious hoax the both sides are both
sides of the Confederate statue a
question
Manti statue by the way but I would
agree with the statement that there are
some good people who like it for history
I don't agree with them but they're not
bad people they're not racist per se
then there was the the judge curiel hoax
in which he called the judge Mexican oh
no my god what a racist he called a
sitting judge who was born in this
country who was an American city citizen
he called them Mexican
do you know who else calls American
citizens who have some Mexican heritage
do you know who else calls them Mexicans
those people that's how they call them
that's what they call themselves
my old the story about the extended
family member who is I think one-eighth
Mexican and he calls himself Mexican
because it's just how people refer to
themselves if you go to your neighbor
who's third generation American but his
relatives you know who's you know his
heritage is Italian and you say describe
your family what's he gonna say we are
italian-american no people don't talk
like that they'd say well you have to
know we're Italian and we like you know
we talk with our hands or whatever
they're going to say the normal way that
people talk is like that it's the way
the president talked there was never a
story there all right and in the context
he was talking about he was talking
about whether there could be biased and
certainly your cultural heritage the
feelings of your family you could
reasonably expect in a legal context
that would be grounds for saying well
maybe we should take this person off a
jury maybe this person shouldn't be a
judge all right now whether it was right
or wrong it was a perfect legal strategy
totally in line referring to the judge
as Mexican is the way everybody talks
who is not a racist
now racist my talk went that way also
but it is also the way everybody else
talks it's just the way
people talk in the United States do you
remember the the hoax about President
Trump doing the I'm not going to do the
gestures but his hands were up and and
he made a a mocking gesture to a New
York Times reporter who has a bad arm if
you only saw that you would say my god
what a terrible person he's mocking a
guy with a bad arm but if you saw the
context which is that Trump uses that
same mocking expression to anybody he
thinks is dumb then you would see that
this is his normal way of mocking people
now did he go a little extra with this
guy I believe so but I believe that
probably there was a subconscious thing
filtering in there and that he used his
normal is normal mocking motion he may
have exaggerated a little bit but I
doubt that was intentional it seems
unlikely all right what about the McCain
joke people said saying McCain you
prefer people who didn't get caught
that's not a joke well you could show
them the clip of Al Franken telling that
joke or maybe it's just a news story or
you could tell show them the 2008 video
of Chris Rock telling that same joke now
people say to me oh yeah well okay I get
there was a joke when the professional
comedian Senate but when Trump said it
he was serious he was trying to he was
just trying to diminish McCain to which
I say right he was in an insult contest
in which everybody was insulting each
other they were calling him a racist he
was calling them you know low-energy jab
he was in the middle of an insult
contest
it's what everybody was doing and he
insulted one of his critics which is
what everybody was doing now was his his
insult of McCain nice or proper or
polite no but you know what else is not
nice or proper or polite calling
somebody a racist
it's
pretty bad now the reason that some
people say well that's not bad they say
well that one's true is it is it true
let's go on the Mexican rapist hoax
remember when President Trump announced
he said there they're sending they're
criminals they're rapists etc it was a
little vague and of course people to
command a context to say he's saying
there everybody coming from Mexico
illegally is a rapist what is he saying
that the babies who were coming in with
the parents are the babies race rapists
was he saying that the women who are
carrying the babies are rapists no he
wasn't saying that nor is it even
slightly reasonable to imagine that he
was saying that all the men were rapists
would it be more reasonable to assume
that some of them are rapists some of
them are not and that he was using his
normal hyperbole to make a point just
like every other time he talks he uses
hyperbole he may have exaggerated to
make you feel like there was a little
more danger than there was does that
racist know that's somebody trying to
protect the border it would not have
mattered if they were a Canadian or
anybody else if it was the same amount
of danger he would have exaggerated damn
those Canadians look at them trying to
get into the country
I didn't put on the the birther the
birther hoax some people a lot of people
say well it must have been a racist
thing that he had that birther thing
because why else would you make why else
would you question somebody's birthplace
well as Ted Cruz he questioned Ted
Cruz's eligibility to be present for
being maybe Canadian which he's not but
he questioned it
dude after watching President Trump
operate for a few years do we imagine
the president Trump ever leaves any line
of attack unused he does not you if if
your father has been linked to the
Kennedy assassination
do you think he'll bring it up hey we'll
do you think there's any rock laying on
the ground that he will not pick up and
throw at you
if there's a rock on the ground right in
front of him no the pattern is very
clear he will use every single Rock the
good rocks the bad rocks the sketchy
rocks you know the the quite the rocks
that don't make any sense
rocks or rocks he's gonna throw them all
you've seen that as clear as day
the Bertha thing you would have done to
anybody doesn't matter what the what the
ethnicity was now let's get to the
Russia hoax we're seeing some reporting
now about is it crossfire hurricane was
the name of the actual operation to
overthrow the United States from the
inside so the coup attempt is seems it's
being reported this way is that Brennan
and clapper and Comey and Strock and a
number of other people we're all in on
sort of a explicit or at least
understood effort to use semi-legal
methods with hoaxes together to get rid
of a sitting president by far maybe
maybe the if you don't care wars
probably the biggest story in last 50
years in the United States not counting
war the biggest story is this internal
coup in the United States which is
largely being soft peddled by the media
who wanted you to believe that the the
problem was on the other side now we
don't know if Muller will has something
we haven't heard about maybe we'll be
surprised but I'm suspecting that it
won't be long before people realize that
the Russia stuff was always a hoax and
that operation crossfire hurricane was
was a real thing and that you've been
bamboozled now if you start with this
one I'm at imagine trying to convince
somebody that they're hallucinating
about all the Trump stuff imagine
starting with the Russia hoax you say
well you know I don't see evidence and
then
other side says well look at all these
indictments of these unrelated the well
there's someone related to president but
not in the terms of the crimes and
people are gonna see eonni here and some
people are gonna see Laurel and there's
just nothing you can do about it if you
start here alright if that's where you
start trying to convince somebody
they're hallucinating you're not gonna
get very far you got to back down the
tube you got to start with one where
they agree if they can see it they can
feel it and they can start to doubt the
the ability of their own ability to see
reality now to be fair I'm showing you
how to get the people who are in Trump
derangement syndrome out of their bubble
I am NOT
I'm not pardoning anybody on the right
for their own bubbles alright so people
on the right have been in their own
kinds of bubbles in different times for
different reasons I'm only talking about
you know one side right now but I'm not
ignoring that the other side is just as
easily fooled just in different ways so
so just running through this again if
you could convince somebody that it's
easy for people to here to completely
think different things while looking at
the same stimulus Johnny and Laurel you
can show them the videos of how the
animals quote that's the big news today
is obviously a hoax
Charlottesville I think that's obviously
a hoax if you watch Israel's a reaction
to this president I don't think there's
any question about what happened here
the two sides are Pro statue anti statue
this was always the worst of them hoaxes
wise this was the worst by far the judge
curial thing everybody everybody uses
the same kind of language it's just
normal way that everybody talks well bet
I will bet you $1,000,000 that this
judge has referred to himself with the
word Mexican privately at some point the
are mocking hoaxes you can just see the
other videos the show he uses that
mocking thing the McCain joke was it a
joke well it was a joke when
there was a joke when Al Franken said it
it was a joke when Chris Rock said it it
was a joke when President Trump said it
but he did also mean to diminish McCain
which was sensible because they were in
a insult competition called and called
the election we already talked we just
talked about the Mexican rapists host of
hoax
obviously nobody in that situation
thinks that all Mexicans are rapists
it's a ridiculous thing to believe and
it says ridiculous well let me let me
give you the example so just to make
this fair I started out this by showing
you these you could see it a little bit
the fake meme there was a fake CNN story
showing the president hugging an elderly
black woman in Anderson Cooper on the
side and then a fake title the said
analyzing Trump's history of aggressive
hugs now just as the people on the right
were fooled by this not all but a number
of people a number of people who were
proton pelleve this was real because
they were primed to believe it was real
right this is ridiculous
there's no way that this could ever be a
real headline but it was so easy to
believe because you'd believe though
you'd believe the CNN had been so bad
bad for so long that you just said oh
man they just went they just went a
little extra far this time
so as easy it was for the right to be
fooled by that hoax
that's how easy it is for the left to be
fooled by these hoaxes that I present to
you in increasing levels of hoax II
believability all right now I'm not
going to suggest though that this is
enough to convert people but you're
starting to see it you're starting to
see it a little bit
all right what else are we missing yes
the ms-13 animals comment we already
talked about that how that's just taken
out of context and another hoax now
here's the interesting thing with with
the animals hoax the one that's going on
today it's really really clear that the
media has missed reported that since
CNBC is John Harwood
is is trying to defend it as really
saying animals
it's mind-boggling but but it's no more
mind-boggling than Laurel oriani
right if you hear that there's somebody
on MSNBC who you think is honestly
trying to report and they're not even
hoaxing they're like yeah no he really
said animals about every immigrant he
really said that yeah I think that they
might actually believe it but it's quite
objectively clearly obviously not the
case somebody says so should we ignore
everything he says so in my book when
Bigley I teach people how to identify
cognitive dissonance and one of the
forms that you can identify is this it
starts with the word so and then there
will be a misstatement of what you said
that's in a in absolute right so
somebody just left to comment so are we
supposed to just not believe anything he
says so that was the form starts with so
and it has a ridiculous absolute like
believe anything he says so that so
whoever asked asked the question you've
just discovered yourself experiencing
cognitive dissonance you know read my
book and you'll see that I described
that very exact pattern that you asked
the question as a clear tell for
somebody who's whose brain has just
flipped into an uncomfortable place now
the reason that you asked it that way
when you said so are you saying that
everything the president says is meant
to be a joke on the surface can't you
tell that nobody would say that in other
words everything the followed the word
so is so obviously not true and and it
wouldn't be true to anybody because it's
it's created as an absolute that's just
absurd so are you saying everything that
the president says is a joke no nobody
would say that nobody would say anything
everything he says so that's that's how
you know you're in cognitive dissonance
if you if you find yourself if you find
yourself saying so followed by a
ridiculous Restatement into an absolute
then you know that you might that you're
on this this path here but you're not
getting that far you've been blocked all
right yes so some people are calling the
some people are calling it a hoax news
that that that the Israelis killed a
bunch of citizens as if oh as opposed to
a bunch of Hamas fighters who are trying
to get in for bad purposes here's my
take on all of that sad business first
of all you know let's say that the
victims are it's a tragedy and we we
wish that had not happened but let me
say this both sides got what they wanted
right Hamas did this event so that there
would be a death toll and that was the
point
the there wasn't any other point except
to inspire some violence create some
losses on their side because that's the
the PR win so Hamas got what I wanted
you know and I'm sure that whatever
number is reported dead you can assume
over there that everything
exaggeration so if if Israel said we
only kill two people it's probably five
and if Hamas says you killed 60 people
it's probably some number less than that
so we can't really entirely trust
anything that comes out of there it's
all going to be exaggerated for effect
but Hamas got what they wanted they what
they wanted and of that day was some of
their people dead because that sacrifice
was one that they thought would be
advantageous to them what Israel wanted
was to defend the border in a way that
was unambiguously badass and that they
wouldn't they wouldn't allow any wiggle
room when it came to the border which
they accomplished so I've been saying
for a while that the the
israeli-palestinian peace plan is has
always been sort of a fake-out because
neither side really wants peace you know
you can find individuals who say they
want it but in terms of government to
government neither government really
wants that
I mean Israel would prefer their strong
position they've got kind of a vice grip
on everything and the Palestinians
prefer the victim role because it keeps
their government in place you know as
long as they they've got a cause then
whoever their governments are they stay
in place now I saw I saw an interesting
article yesterday in which is said that
the primary motivation of of the Gaza
--nz so here we're talking about the the
citizens of Gaza who were the ones who
are protesting so let me ask you if you
can even tell me what do you think was
the primary motivation in an article by
somebody who spent a lot of time over
there talking to a lot of folks and and
had he wasn't guessing it was a writer
who actually was in Gaza recently
talking to folks and asking them you
watch your issue what what is it you're
trying to accomplish
so tell me in your opinion what do you
think was the biggest issue according to
one reporter who talked to a lot of
people in Gaza what is it that is their
biggest issue what's their biggest
complaint and I'll bet none of you will
get it because we don't see it reported
that way here oppression not exactly
economy not exactly land not exactly
economics no no they got the land stolen
from them no food no no Pumas truth no
jobs nope bad economy nope existence of
Israel nope land housing freedom living
conditions education not one of you oh
my god I'm gonna swear not one of you
got the same answer as the reporter who
actually talked to the people in Gaza
not one of you self-determination nope
voting nope race nope nope nope
humiliation the answer is humiliation
and I don't know that this is true so
I'm gonna I'm gonna put a little I'm
gonna put a little skepticism on this
but somebody who actually a reporter who
actually spent a lot of time there just
recently and talked to the actual Gaza
citizens and said what what is the issue
here with Israel they did not say
economy they did not say we must kill
the Jews they didn't say that now they
might think that also but their top
reason was dignity and the feeling that
they were continually being humiliated
do you know what it reminded me of it
reminded me very of black lives matter
and the feeling that the problem with
the police is not just in their view all
right forget about what is true and what
is not true we're talking about how
people feel about stuff right now
but in the view of black lives matter
the police are you know targeting them
and there
there's a humiliation element to it and
there you know there's there's just more
to it now do you believe that do you
believe that the primary motivation of
the protesters not the not the fighters
not the Hamas people who actually want
to you know get rid of Israel but do you
believe that the crowd was mostly
motivated by a feeling of humiliation
because I'm not quite buying that but
I'm not ruling it out so my my opinion
is there might be a whole bunch of
different motivations I think a whole
lot of people have different motivations
now people have said today wait if you
have all these different motivations
over there how could you ever have one
plan that makes everybody happy because
they're not even complaining about the
same thing so one plan is unlikely to
make all these people happy with
different opinions of what the real
problem is but I think I think there is
a way with persuasion that you can
convince people that what their problem
is that they thought it was was
something slightly different so let me
say this because that this would be one
of the most important things I ever say
but because it's in the wrong context
here it'll probably just go right by if
you have a whole bunch of people with a
whole bunch of different opinions of
what the problem is your problem is you
can't just give them one plan and say
here's my plan I I solved all of these
different problems there's probably no
plan that does that so the first step is
to make them think that all these
different things they're complaining
about are really all one thing so
there's there's a step before the plan
so before the peace plan the first step
is to persuade people that all these
different ways they're expressing their
concern some people say it's the
humiliation some people say it's our
historical homeland some people say you
know it's economics whatever they say
you have to find something that they all
agree is the one best way to convey
their problem and everybody else's and
then when you have it down to one
problem
that's got a name and you could say okay
here's the one problem it kind of
captures all that other stuff then
you've got the some hope of creating a
plan that deals with that one issue but
first you have to collapse the problems
and we haven't done that yet so you've
got to figure out all the things that
people are worried about over there and
try to collapse them into the one or a
few things that you can make a plan to
deal with Scott you sound like a
Christian somebody says I'm not but it
wouldn't surprise me the nice sound that
way so I see somebody saying in the
comments that they want victory over the
Jews here's my question that I give all
the time to a lot of people in different
contexts almost never do people only
want one thing for one reason on one
variable sometimes but it's kind of rare
so when somebody says all they want is
to defeat the Jews it's probably true
that most of the people in the pollak
Palestinian side have a problem with the
Jews and would like they'd probably
enjoy that they'd probably enjoy if
there was a way we can have a victory
over the Jews sure but is it their top
concern or is the humiliation the
economy what's happening with my family
how do I get water you know if we if we
had a piece would it be fair with access
to electricity and water rights and
highways and everything else that's
important you know if you could take
away if you could solve the physical
stuff would the average person say well
okay I got a good economy I got my own
country my family's doing well I've got
water I've got electricity but I have to
defeat the Jews some some would for some
that might be their top issue but I have
a feeling not most that's just a feeling
but and it's basically the fact that
people aren't that different under
hood all right everybody cares about
their religion and their feelings until
they're hungry and then eating is just
more important
[Music]
somebody says seriously do you even
understand the issue my starting point
for anything in the Middle East is that
I do not understand the issue so that's
number one i i scott adams do not
understand the issue well enough to
speak about it in public the way i'm
speaking about it in public so that's
the first thing that I take as true and
I hope that you'll accept that as true
as well the second thing and then
somebody says will then stop discussing
it well that gets me to point to point
to is nobody else understands it either
on that part I'm completely convinced
right now you say to yourself hello
Scott my god your ego how could you
believe that there's nobody who
understands this issue how can you
believe that people who are there who
live it that the scholars the people who
are immersed in it
how can you say they don't understand
the issue Laurel and Yanni
Laurel and Yanni sure there are people
who know way more than I do
way more than I do do they know what
they're talking about
nope because they have a bias there's
probably nobody over there who knows a
lot about the area who doesn't have a
pretty clear bias and if they have a
bias there here here in Laurel some of
them are hearing Yanni but if you think
that all of their knowledge all their
all of their you know there's
scholarship all the their experience if
you think that gives them a leg up on my
opinion which I just told you just
completely uninformed
if you think that they have an advantage
on me because they have that deeper
understanding then you don't understand
anything about how the world works
because the people with the most
understanding are also going to be the
most the most biased and the least
likely to actually you know analyze
information objectively so the the
window that I take on this is persuasion
the world of persuasion is relatively
simple meaning that you know a person
can learn that field easier than a lot
of other fields the Middle East is very
complicated but the overlay is
persuasion and so the general things I'm
saying which is that we probably don't
have a good understanding of why people
are doing what they're doing that's safe
to say
all right that's that's fair to say it
is also true and I can say this without
being an expert on the Middle East I can
say that if you went and talked to
somebody and said tell me your biggest
problem about your situation or about
Israel let's say you're talking to a
Palestinian and they told you they said
my biggest issue is a if you know
persuasion you also understand that
that's not necessarily true their
biggest issue might be B C or D but
they're gonna tell you a for whatever
reason they might even believe it so the
the persuasion filter on this says that
people don't know why they think what
they think they don't know why they're
mad exactly they're giving
rationalizations for their reasons and
if you're a big ol expert if you know a
lot about the Middle East you're gonna
listen to what people say and you're
gonna listen to their rationalizations
and you say well that's the reality I
guess there's nothing we can do but if
you know persuasion you're gonna listen
to their reasons and you can say oh
those are just rationalizations just
like everything else in the world yeah
they're no different from everybody else
they are rationalizing something that is
probably just a feeling so if you can
find a way to deal with the feeling you
can get them to rationalize the
differently too so an understanding of
persuasion is a useful overlay to this
conversation I don't want to present
myself as knowing enough to speak as an
expert I'm never going to get there but
we're all trying to to raise our
understanding at least to at least to
get to a better level of knowing the
landscape over there all right the IG
report is coming out pretty soon people
say somebody says fail I can always tell
the people who are in cognitive
dissonance why I said listen if you
disagree well I think it's useful to
know what people say even if you believe
that they're there rationalizing okay
that's enough for today I'm going to
check out for now and I'll talk to you
later