[Music]
um hey everybody I'm a couple minutes
late I had to take a few minutes to
change the world as usual has anybody
notice that the world is weirdly going
my way does anybody notice that is it
just me because I'm starting to think
this whole simulation theory is not only
true but it's weirdly corresponding to
how I want it to unfold let me give you
an example think about the things that
I've talked about the most one is
fentanyl today the news is that China
decided to move ahead and I made first
they will classify all the forms of
fentanyl in China as I guess whatever
class allows them to execute somebody
who's selling illegally now I'm not sure
that's enough feels like a step in the
right direction but I guess the
precursors are still not completely
illegal and we don't know how much
they're gonna enforce it so I would say
it's a positive sign however until you
hear that China is literally executing
fentanyl dealers you should assume
there's not happening all right but in
the meantime can we drink to this maybe
a good sign
on Fenton all join me please raise your
cup your glass your chalice your stein
your tankard your thermos fill it with
your favorite liquid I like coffee and
join me for the simultaneous sip yeah
somebody in the comments says it's a
trade war chip so certainly it has to be
viewed in that context now if you
remember yesterday I
I started to talk about how the Russian
conspiracy or collusion hoax all started
and if you remember I had this awkward
situation because I thought I knew how
it all started and then I looked at a
source and then the source was once
again ambiguous and I had to stop in the
middle and say oh okay
turns out the biggest story in the
country for the past two years and for
some reason I didn't know how it started
like how did the investigation start and
I thought how in the world could I as
much as I watch the news how could I not
know that so I I took my lumps and just
admitted in front of the public okay I
guess I'm the only person in the world
who doesn't know how this thing started
and then the president tweets yesterday
and the president's tweet was nobody can
figure out how it started
so it turns out that the President of
the United States also doesn't know how
it started I tweeted out a Dan bungee no
article in which he's he's got a much
better command of the facts than any of
us do and he he lays it out a strong
argument that it was the dossier others
have said it's something about
Papadopoulos but i guess they didn't
even talk to Papadopoulos until after
the dossier had kicked off the
investigation I think that's that's
Dan's version of events
this sounds sounds credible to me and I
imagine it's what's bunchy know has been
saying for a long time it's probably
this book so if you want to find out
more I would read damp on Gino's book so
here's another thing that seems to be
going my way
you know these Charlottesville hoaxes
that I've been working on trying to
highlight
and if anybody's brand-new I know most
of you heard this before but the hoax is
that President Trump called the Nazis in
charlottesville fine people when in fact
his actual quote when you see it in
context he calls them out specifically
and says no not the neo-nazis and the
white supremacists
they should be condemned totally so this
morning I wake up to a desperate article
in something called Ross story in which
somebody has written a very long article
trying to tear apart what they call the
gas lighting of the Charlottesville
situation now their version is that
people like Steve Cortez people like me
people like Joel although we
were not named Steve Cortes was but the
idea is that we're trying to revise the
history and turn it into a hoax when
he's sure it's a real thing now here's a
little just a mental filter for
determining truth from untruth now I
tweeted around the article in which he's
claiming yet that he's claiming he's
being gas landed here are some clues
that the article that says it's all it's
all a big hoax he sort of thing is
illegitimate
number one it accuses someone of gas
lighting I promise you you've never seen
gas lighting I know lots of you say you
have I know somebody who did it there
this other person and must be doing it
I'm positive it's real now here you have
not seen it you think yeah most people
think they have but gas lighting is what
you're trying to make somebody literally
believe they're crazy so then you can
get away with stuff nobody's trying to
do that people are just trying to
explain the facts as they understand
them that's all there nobody has a
there's no secret plot and by the way I
can speak to this quite and that this is
one of those national stories
they're usually you have to read minds
you have to make some assumptions about
what other people are thinking in this
particular case I'm pretty sure I'm the
guy who started this I mean personally
I'm actually the person who had the
thought hey this news is wrong why don't
I see if I can correct it it's sort of a
good time to do it so I'm telling you
you don't have to read anybody's mind if
you're the person most of you just read
the news and you're looking at the news
and you're saying I wonder what that
person in the news did I wonder what
that person in the news was thinking but
on this particular news even though
Steve Cortes was called out by name in
the article I am the one who started it
all right let let's be perfectly clear
this was me sitting there saying well
this news is totally bad and it's bad
for the country it's it's a it's a fake
news that's bad for the whole country
let's see if I can fix this
and so I embarked on a mission to see if
I could fix it now Steve Cortes has
helped tremendously on that with
articles and and mentioning it on TV
jewelle Pollak has had several tweets
and articles that really clearly lay it
out and so when you watch the news
you're wondering how something started
or wondering what people are thinking
I'm not wondering that because I am the
news I am literally I'm literally
patient one I personally looked at this
situation said this is Faber's I think
I'll go fix it so you don't have it and
so so those of you who are watching this
you still there's no way you can know
that I'm not lying right I mean you can
trust me or maybe you say I've seen you
for a while and I believe it
maybe you've looked at the facts and you
know I got the facts correct so but
still you're still deducing right you
still have to use a little bit of
judgment that I'm telling the truth or
not
but I don't I have to
have to employ any judgment whatsoever
I'm literally the news I'm the guy who
sat there and said huh this news is fake
it's bad for the country really bad for
the country like super bad for the
country if I could fix this fake news
this will be really good for the country
that's it I was not trying to Gaslight
anybody nor have I ever
I have never gasps elated anybody it
would not be ethical and I don't even
know if it would work I don't even know
if I could do it I mean but I wouldn't
even try so I'll never fight now anyway
that's happening oh here's it here's the
other way to tell if something's fake
here's my version of Charlotte's ville
and then read the page after page after
page of the guy who's trying to call it
a gas lighting situation look at the
length of how much description he has to
go through and now here's my description
obviously the president wasn't talking
about the racist because he said so in
direct language that's it
that's my story my story is you don't
have to wonder if he were referring to
the racist he said in clear language now
I'm not talking about those people the
worst thing you could say after seeing
that clear fact this unambiguous he did
say it is recorded as it's in text in
the transcript the worst thing you could
say about the president is he may have
been under informed about who was there
totally reasonable but that doesn't make
you racist being under informed by the
topic would just be everyday now on top
of that the New York Times reported you
know they actually interviewed somebody
who's there for non racist reasons they
were and and I've since read up on it
and there are a number of militias who
were there and the militias there at
least their public statement of who they
are you know you don't know again you
can't read minds but their public
statement of who they are is that
they're not racists and they were not
there
for any racist purposes they apparently
these militia groups go to events where
ever free speech is risk or where there
might be violence and maybe they need a
little security so some of them were
they're actually trying to break up
fights if you're breaking up a fight
you're you're not a terrible person
all right suck about something else did
you see Beyonce's kiss so the news is
chattering because Omar somebody some
actor went up to Beyonce
at the Beatty Awards I guess and I don't
know how well he knew her or if he would
if he was just meeting her for the first
time but he gives her a big hug and a
kiss on the cheek and then after saying
something in here it looked like tried
to give her a closing second kiss that
was sort of like on the corner of her
mouth and everybody was like or that
looks awkward we haven't heard from
Beyonce so we don't know how she felt
about it but simply the fact that it's
in the news brings attention to Joe
Biden yeah you can't even look at the
it's impossible to look at the Beyonce
story and now think of Joe Biden so now
the african-american community has seen
the Beyonce thing which I would say most
people probably probably majority I
don't know that but it feels like
probably majority would say oh that
looked a little inappropriate and now
they're hearing a connected to Joe Biden
so so whatever creepiness they felt
about the Beyonce kiss situation is
being you know conflated with and
starting to become the Biden story even
though it isn't they just happened to be
have one similarity and during the news
at the same time now there's one famous
picture of Joe Biden sort of holding the
shoulders of ash Carter's wife when he's
being giving a speech being sworn in I
guess and that was one of the famous
pictures that goes around and people say
well there's another picture of Joe
inappropriately touching so the woman in
the picture has made
statement today to say now you're
reading this all wrong
we've been longtime friends and I was
nervous to be in public and he was just
calming me down by you know having his
hands on my shoulders to which I say if
you ever want to calm me down don't put
your hands on my shoulders if you were
nervous about something if you were
nervous to be on stage would you feel
less nervous if the Vice President of
the United States stood on stage with
you with his hands on your shoulder I
don't think I would so that's a separate
question so the separate question is
does it make you less nervous tabs the
vice president's hands on your shoulders
I I don't think it would make me less
nervous that's just me I can't read her
mind anyway she has in her opinion she
has cleared the vice president of any
creepiness or wrongdoing and says that
there was there's no there's no there
there there's no story there but it's
not the only picture so there gonna be a
lot of pictures flying around on that
topic all right but keep in mind that
the real story here is how many times
Biden has to explain this the way and I
think Democrats are fast-forwarding in
their mind what it would look like to
have Joe Biden as their standard bearer
and they're gonna turn on the news every
day and find out that once again their
standard bearer the person that they're
trying to put in there to compensate for
the horrible monster that is Trump every
day he has to explain a new allegation
of being a little too touchy now even if
it turns out there's absolutely nothing
to this except he doesn't he's not good
with boundaries and then I think that's
entirely possible that there's nothing
else to it it's not a good look and I
don't think there's any chance that you
could make it to the to the nomination
all right there's a weird yeah I don't
want to talk
there's a poll from CNBC says 58% of
Democrats so a strong majority of
Democrats feel more confident about
saving for retirement than they did
three years ago do you know what was
happening about three years ago we had
an election somewhere around that period
so 58% of Democrats are feeling more
confident about their economic situation
under trunk now I'm not saying Trump did
all of that yeah very much in the camp
that says Obama you know got us to a to
a place where growth was easier you know
the things were improving the whole time
that Obama was elected but from a
political perspective just from a
political perspective I don't know how
anybody wins against an economy this
strong I had it how do you beat that
that's just a tough tough thing to beat
but turns out that the president has a
couple of weaknesses at least according
to the people who would vote against him
one weakness is health care and the
other big weakness is climate change now
if you're a Republican you probably say
yourself at some version of those aren't
problems at all but remember if you say
those were not problems at all except
that maybe Obamacare is a problem and it
could go away if if that's what you
think and I'm not saying you shouldn't
think that I'm just saying if you do
think that you were going to vote for
Trump anyway all right so you're already
a safe vote but if he wants to influence
other people get any independence if he
wants to get any independence he's gonna
have to deal with climate change and
he's gonna have to deal with healthcare
now the president has cheekily said that
the Republicans will come up with a
great health care plan and it'll be the
best one I don't know if that's true I
don't know if that's true
I mean I'm gonna say
maybe it's possible you know certainly
if the president came up with a package
of things that they're doing that
unambiguously would lower prices then I
think they might have something to sell
and I think that there's a good chance
they'll come up with some kind of a plan
so I would say the the verdict is still
out on health care the president is very
exposed on that so if he doesn't if he
doesn't hit at least uh well I'd say the
president has to hit at least a double
on health care doesn't maybe doesn't
need to hit a homerun but he's gotta hit
a double he's got to come up with a
story that an independent could look at
and say yeah compared to this other plan
yeah it looks like it's just as good or
better maybe he could do that I have my
I'm skeptical myself I have been a big
supporter of the president in terms of
his technique and his capabilities but
on health care in particular we have not
seen the goods so that so I can't
support what he's doing there because he
hasn't done enough but the things they
have done actually quite good the the
changes with a generic that they they
did a fast-track for the generic drugs
which almost certainly will lower prices
with more competition but let's talk
about how the president could save the
planet with one tweet so that was the
title of my provocative periscope year
and I'm going to make the case that the
president could save the planet with one
tweets and um as you know the
president's ability to make everybody
focus wherever he tweets is legendary so
if he tweets a topic the the press on
both sides are gonna say alright we've
got to talk about this topic so the one
thing that nobody doubts is that the
president can make you look at a topic
and so here's how he could tweet out a
solution to climate change and here's
the beauty even if climate change is not
the problem
that the scientists believe even if it's
not this path is the same because it's
such a good idea just on its own for
economic reasons because of pollution
for national security for for deca
you know for every on every other level
it's good but here's what he could do
just hypothetically you know I want you
to just you know feel how easy this
would be let's say that the president
tweeted about Lamar Alexander's proposal
for a Manhattan Project a green
Manhattan Project if you don't know who
Lamar Alexander is he's a he's a
retiring suitor retire senator
Republican who I believe is famous for
being reasonable so correct me if I'm
wrong but I think Lamar Alexander is in
this small category of of politicians
who are known to be known to be
reasonable in other words they can they
can compromise etc so he's got an idea
for a green Manhattan Project meaning
that the United States would get really
serious about supporting the the rapid
development and testing of safe nuclear
power now here's the great thing if
climate changes the problem the smartest
people in the world say nuclear is the
only way to deal with it and I'm not
talking about the old unsafe nuclear
power plants of the past the kind that
are mostly the ones in the United States
I'm talking about generation for new
kinds of plants that eat nuclear waste
for fuel how great is that and they're
designed so that there's essentially
zero meltdown risk because if everything
goes wrong it just sort of just stops
working that's what that's what's new
but they still need to develop it a lot
because having it on paper is different
from going into production so they need
to iterate it a lot to get the
technology working so this
Green Manhattan Project would be the way
to do that get the government behind a
rapid iteration of this technology so
here's what it would look like for the
president to save the whole planet with
one tweet here's how we do it you just
have to do a tweet talking about the
green Manhattan Project because the
president and I think maybe the
president could could brand that a
little bit better you know the the best
branding person in politics of all time
which is Trump he might be able to brand
that a little bit better but may have
had projects pretty good so let's just
go with that for now and then if he
mentioned generation four plants so that
anybody who saw that would say to
themselves two things what is this green
Manhattan Project so you first you want
people ask what the heck is that and
then you also want them to to say what
is a generation for a nuclear plant so
if you were to tweet that the press
would have to write about it because
they can't ignore a presidential tweet
of that substance so the press would
write about it and if the press were
smart they would use my company's app
the interface by Wayne hub app that's
free and they would look for an expert
on nuclear power they might find and and
they would find one so let me talk about
that in a little bit so Mark Snyder for
example is on the app and he's an expert
on the new generation for nuclear stuff
so he could talk to the press so the
press could just pick up their phone and
they could say I don't know anything
about this generation for nuclear stuff
is this for real
who do I talk to and they find an expert
and they have a personal conversation
right on the app and they say okay I you
know they've learned about it and they
know that it's a
it doesn't melt down and all that so
that in the press educates the public if
the public is not educated then the then
the government doesn't do anything so
the public has to make Congress act now
here's the interesting thing about this
there are very few topics where the far
left and the far right would completely
agree the only reason and this is this
is a strong statement right the only
reason that anybody would object to
nuclear is if they were not educated on
the new the new technology all right I
have not yet seen a single person who
once they heard about generation for
nuclear said it was a bad idea nor have
I heard any smart person who understands
it say that it isn't the obvious best
approach to climate risk now you don't
even have to say that climate change is
man-made or anything else but do you you
can acknowledge there's risk and whether
or not that risk exists no matter what
size that risk is nuclear is still the
answer it's the answer if there's zero
risk and it's an answer if there's a
hundred percent risk it would be exactly
the same path and there and here's the
thing there are no other paths you know
if you talk to the experts well let's
say if you talk to the public the public
will say stuff like hey let's have some
wind power
you know let's improve our solar it's
getting better every year it's so much
better than it used to be if it just
keeps getting better at the rate it's
getting well we'll have all the solar
and you know batteries to store it and
all that stuff
but if you talk to the people who are
actually the scientists the engineers
the people close to these questions they
will tell you that there is no path to
that you just can't get there as quickly
as you would need to using using just
wind and solar you can't get to the
finish line before we're all dead from
climate change if climate change is the
risk that the scientists say so there is
only one path
it's nuclear in fact if you were to ask
Al Gore somebody said Al Gore question
blur I don't know the answer that but I
would bet you a large amount of money
that if you talk to Al Gore and said
what about generation for nuclear that
you would have a positive response
actually I'll ask that question if
there's anybody if there's anybody who
can connect me with Al Gore to just talk
about that question I'd love to have him
on my periscope I've actually I've met
Al Gore and we've chatted so he knows
who I am so if he wants to come on I
would love to because I'm a I've always
been a fan of Al Gore even if you're not
I know some of you or not
but I'm just telling you I've always
liked them as a politician anyway if
Congress acts on this you know green
Manhattan Project or some version of it
private industry will be able to more
quickly iterate and then you've got
generation four nuclear plants and
you've solved the world
now what which part of this is not
feasible is it is it feasible for the
president to send a tweet yeah that's
feasible how hard is that
it is a feasible for the press to
investigate generation for nuclear and
find out that it really is the answer
yes of course it's feasible it's easy
well in fact they could do it in about
ten minutes
they just Google a couple of articles
use the interface by when Hub app talk
to an expert BAM
nobody is going to come to a different
conclusion well you should never say
nobody I doubt anybody's going to come
to a different conclusion will the can
the press get the public to buy in to
generation for nuclear yes the press can
get the public to buy into anything the
only time that the press can't do that
is when there are two sides of an issue
and they're and they're both persuading
their own side to hate the other side in
the rare situation
were the left and the right press are on
the same team and they should be in this
in their rare situation yes they can
convince the public of anything where do
you think the public gets their opinions
the public doesn't come up with their
own opinions that's not a thing the
public gets their opinions from the
press
so can the press convince the public
yeah easily easily that's that's trivial
once the public buys in can the public
get Congress to act yes if they're all
on the same side
the only time you can't get Congress to
act is when there's there's a deep
division but with generation for nuclear
there would not be once people have been
educated on it so yeah totally Congress
can make a law and it wouldn't be hard
to make a law this simply makes it
easier for private industry to iterate
to get licenses to have you know maybe
facilities they can go to to share
information whatever it is whatever is
in there yeah this is all doable stuff
and then once in this industry gets
involved in iterating would they be able
to engineer their way to some easily
reproducible and safe nuclear power
suddenly mentioned Bill Gates I'm pretty
sure that what I just described here is
a hundred percent compatible with what
Bill Gates sees as the way forward I
can't speak for him so this that's my
opinion of his opinion take that for
what it's worth but I believe he would
be completely on board with this as
would here's the trick watch how there's
no pushback on this but it just just
hold in your head for a moment the
enormity of what I'm suggesting here
like how big a change this would be for
the world how important it would be how
much of an economic impact it would have
what it would do from bringing bringing
people together just think about the
enormity of it and then ask yourself who
are the people speaking out against it
and wait for it who also know what
generation for nuclear is
I propose they you might never see
everybody speak out against us as in
nobody you might actually not see any
pushback once they understand what it is
you'll see lots of pushback but it will
be entirely from people who are thinking
of the old nuclear technologies all
right yeah there would be a tremendous
strategic benefit to it because we
Whitney at the Middle East less
potentially talked to Bill Gates yeah
we'd love to if I could find a way to
get to him that would be amazing
anti-fog would empty far be against it I
don't know now I noticed that Mark
Snyder has just joined and I'm going to
see if I can get him on this call hold
on I'm gonna change my microphone bear
with me cheap operation we got going
here all right let's see I think mark is
joined yeah all right we're gonna invite
mark in I want to see see if I've
explained this right mark you're there
mark yes got out here oh I did you hear
my did you see my little presentation on
the whiteboard I don't know if you
caught all of that I did I had some
Wi-Fi issues aside to do some switch up
so I popped off okay your your voices
kind of faint to me I'm not sure it's
possible that the audience hears it
better but if you could speak up a
little bit it would be great yeah so
what do you agree that what I drew out
on the whiteboard is all feasible I
would agree and where do you see would
be the biggest problem in any of this is
if there is a big problem I don't even
know if there is I would say the big
problem is the media
itself and their anti-nuclear rhetoric
so if the media could be convinced but
it seems to me that the media would be
easy in this specific case because the
media likes a story about a different
way to do stuff the the media does not
like stories here's a little media tip
for all of you the media does not like
stories of things that are just a good
job doing things we already knew how to
do that's not a story the the media
likes a story that's a new way to do
something so the generation four fits
into that it's a it's a new twist on
something that people didn't understand
it's a new way of doing things it saves
the world it fits into every political
story so I think the press would find
that it's very clickable which is really
all they care about so if you can make
it clickable through the president's
let's say if the president you know put
some attention on Lamar Alexander's plan
they only have to make it clickable the
president does he doesn't have to change
their minds he only has to make the
topic more clickable than other topics
and then the public will see what they
need to see to be convinced Barca sir
anything else you want to add on that we
we had a side conversation that I want
the audience near in which servers talk
about how we couldn't create enough of
the materials we need to create
batteries so even if everybody had if if
you could imagine everybody had an
electric car instead of two percent of
the people having electric cars we
wouldn't be able to do it because there
just isn't enough way to strip-mine land
to get all these materials but you had
you had a thought on how generation four
had an influence on that could you could
you tell the audience that yeah
specifically you spoke about the lack of
cobalt and lithium those are actually
two materials that throughout my nuclear
career we produce often as just a
byproduct of the nuclear process all
right so
says since your audio is faith I'm going
to repeat that in case anybody is having
trouble hearing it so cobalt and lithium
are the two the two materials that might
be in short supply and what mark saying
is that the nuclear process actually
creates those as is it as a byproduct is
it a natural byproduct or do they have
to intentionally make it it's it's it's
both intentional and in the byproduct
yes and it is that is that way of making
these materials through the nuclear
process would we be able to make enough
of it to solve the shortage if we went
to a large nuclear capacity in the in
the world I think we could but currently
no so currently no but we could take a
bite out of it yes okay over the long
long term alright so that is good to
know as well mark what do you know about
Lamar Alexander's green Manhattan
Project idea because I don't I don't
know any of the details is raising in
there that's especially good or bad or
is it just sort of conceptual at this
point it's conceptual at this point but
I think it's a good concept you know
creating that competition between a
couple locations to figure out how to
iterate nuclear would be great now
correct me if I'm wrong but are there
not now three separate government
initiatives on nuclear power there's
Rick Perry's the thing in the energy
department where they're going to be
rapidly testing nuclear fuels that's one
of them I got that right am i right
that's correct and then there's a Lamar
Alexander green Manhattan Project but
there was another one that I'm
forgetting right now what was the the
other one that happened recently
that's not Neela that Senator Murkowski
just endorsed oh and so that is a plan
to build test sites for nuclear what how
do you describe that you know I have to
dig into that more but I do believe it's
about three basically it's the iteration
aspect right so if any of you remember
when I
navall rava can't unhear now Duvall is
famous for being you know probably the
smartest person in the world in the area
of startups and you know
entrepreneurship so he's sort of like
the guy you'd go to if that he runs he's
started AngelList which is the biggest
you know site for startups so he knows
what he's talking about and one of the
things he said when I talked to him on
periscope is that the problem with
nuclear is that there's no way to
iterate the technology in other words
try this test this try this test this
until you got it right because of the
dangers and because of the the public
and government pushback so now we've
seen three government efforts directly
aimed at that specific problem so all
three of the things we just mentioned
should they get up and running and you
know should the Lamar Alexander plan
become tangible they would all be
directly addressing this question of
whether you could iterate your
technology and that's that is such a
Republican approach to a problem I've
said this before that the the Republican
let's say conservative approach tends to
be how can we make a system that we
don't know exactly how it's going to
work out but if we keep using the system
we know it's going to be better than if
we don't whereas the green New Deal
people the people on the Left tend to
operate from a goal perspective they say
all right our goal is to have equality
our goal is to have green energy our
goal is to solve climate change and then
you say how and they say well we'll
figure that out someday but we got a
goal whereas the Republicans say I'm not
going to make it a goal to fix climate
change per se because I got some
questions and I'm not gonna make it a
goal to have you know some kind of equal
outcomes because I don't wouldn't have
to do that but I do know how to create a
system that if you use the system in
this case iterating technology it's a
known system it always works
you know it's worked in every area
there's a
tried but you don't know exactly where
it ends up and that's a you know a
feature of systems is that you know it
improves your odds of really good stuff
but you don't know exactly which of
those really good things are gonna
happen you just let just know good
things are gonna happen so we've got
that going on I would say mark have you
ever seen this much energy around
nuclear not my lifetime now and when
would you say that this started getting
hot in terms of at least what we're
hearing about must been a lot of stuff
behind the scenes but what if you could
identify when everybody started talking
about this was there an obvious uptick
yeah I'm gonna give myself credit here
in the obvious uptick when I created the
green nuclear deal hashtag yeah that's
what I think so mark created the hashtag
hashtag green nuclear deal I've used it
a lot other people if uses a lot now and
it just raised to people's consciousness
that there was a path and that it just
coincidentally it's the luckiest thing
in the world that the path a forward
just happens to be the only path you
could ever imagine we're both the far
left and the far right would say yeah
this sounds good to me
potentially once everybody's educated on
the pluses and minuses all right mark
thank you for that is there anything
else you want to add that people don't
understand I'm gonna add a quick plug
for North Korea here in that North Korea
borders probably the three most prolific
nuclear power users China Russia and
South Korea and they could be a great
place to iterate nuclear power with
their lack of regulations yeah so again
if if the sound isn't good for some of
you mark was saying that North Korea
could have a path I'm going to add this
part there might be easy way to
transition from their military nuclear
resources which they wouldn't want to
give up into
to a peaceful nuclear situation what
would you say mark is the cross over
knowledge like if you were a nuclear
engineer for weapons how much of what
you already know is transferable to
peaceful generation for nuclear
technology I would say it's 70%
transferable and you just have to go 30%
into operation and reactor design right
and that's the part that we can help
with so we could actually be bringing to
North Korea and other countries could
there are design ideas North Korea being
a place of low regulation and probably
presumably enough you know land area
that they can find safe places to do
things just in case that maybe North
Korea's solution forward is to transfer
their technology and save the world
Kim Jong gun can actually save the world
now if you said to Kim jong-un I'll give
you you know two options here you can
either do what you've been doing and be
the you know the dictator you Battin etc
or you could be part of a big part of
saving the whole world because you're in
the unique place you have all this
expertise you have the ability to you
know manage your your country and a way
others don't you know come join us and
save the world and you can be a safe a
safe leader if you do that there might
be a way out you know the problem with
dictators is they don't have an off-ramp
it's hard to go from a dictator to you
know the retirement home you know
usually end up dead so we would have to
create a path that is unambiguously good
for the Kim dynasty shall we say and and
that would be a heck of a path I mean
that's save the world stuff and make
some money in the meantime all right so
thank you for thank you for that mark
and I will talk to you soon okay thanks
all right so mark Schneider on the
interface by one hub app if anybody
wants to go ask him additional questions
about the potential for nuclear that
would be the
place to go and if you're the press if
you remember the press you definitely
want to talk yeah as your starting point
to try to understand the nuclear option
all right the entire model of dealing
with foreign powers could change yeah
we're talking about something that would
fundamentally change how countries
interact that's true that would make a
change
somebody says give me 45 seconds to talk
to you let's see if you're on here well
I don't see you on here
so do do do all right I think that's
enough for today
and I will talk to you tomorrow