bum-bum-bum hey Joanne hey Dave come on
in here come in here and grab your
coffee I'm a little late this morning
not moving too quickly today will not be
my favorite day but I didn't want to
miss a moment with you oh we have a
thousand people and now it's time for
the simultaneous sip grab your bubbly
beverage your mug your cup your chalice
lifted to your lips oh that's good
so I woke up this morning to the most
unusual tweet from Eric Weinstein and he
was retweeting Brett Weinstein and then
Jordan petered and Peterson retweeted
Eric yeah but all of them seemed to
share an opinion that was a bit
mind-blowing and the opinion was Jordan
Peterson stated it that he believed that
Kavanaugh should take the job and then
resign for the stability of the country
I guess for the credibility of the
courts for the for the good of society
now I don't think I've ever disagreed
with an opinion as strongly as I
disagree with that one it feels like
exactly the wrong thing to do like like
almost insanely the wrong thing to do to
the point where I wasn't sure it was
really Jordan Peterson saying it or was
really Eric saying it so I had to had to
make sure it wasn't a counterfeit first
of all and apparently it's not
and then Peterson softened his
positioned in the subsequent tweet he
said he's not not certain not certain
it's a good idea but you know we're
thinking about us
and I thought to myself what exactly is
the argument for that how do you how do
you develop an argument for the position
that Kavanagh should take the job and
resign for the stability the credibility
of the the court and the stability of
the the system and man I yeah he
backpedaled a little bit but not all the
way he just acknowledged it he's not a
certain but the fact that that's even in
conversation it's it's it strikes me
without hearing a fully developed
argument and when i retweeted it I added
I added this thought and by the way this
is a good caution for all of you the
people that we're talking about you know
Eric Brett Jordan some Jordan Peterson
the Weinsteins yeah these are really
smart people and they have lots of
credibility in terms of talking about
big issues so when any of them are on
the same side and one of the things Eric
said is that that all of these
thoughtful people are on the same side
I've never heard anybody say it until
this morning I guess I don't hang around
with thoughtful people which is I guess
that's my shocker for the morning but I
can't see any argument made for that but
I also haven't seen them fully developed
so I'm gonna I'm going to allow that I
could be surprised because they are
people who have surprising arguments
that are sometimes surprisingly good so
I'm gonna leave it like that but in my
current thinking is there's just no way
that's a good idea as many people said
in the tweets that whoever was picked
after Kavanagh is gonna vote exactly the
same way you know the whole point of the
Supreme Court at least the way it's
drifted is that you you make the
decisions in advance so the Supreme
Court is no longer a body which gets
together and makes decisions
I suppose it used to be maybe it never
was but when you have a clear majority
of either
liberals of the were the Conservatives
the decision has made pretty much in the
nomination and Confirmation phase so we
don't know what this specific cases will
be but I can tell you in advance how
they're going to be solved you know how
they're going to be decided if you have
a conservative court probably
conservatives who understand you know
the legal process are going to know
exactly what how the courts going to go
and just about all of the questions we
might get a surprise you know they the
court might have some you know rogue
elements it's possible that's not very
likely so the idea that the Supreme
Court could improve its credibility by
embracing the concept of guilty until
proven innocent is such a head-spinner
to me that I can't I can't wrap my head
around it I mean it seems to me that the
most credible thing the Supreme Court
could do would be to follow the laws of
the United States and follow the
Constitution and be true to the
principles upon which they have been
sworn to uphold and certainly the not
blaming people for things they can't be
proven or or and are not even likely to
be true that would not be consistent
with their mission so if you if you take
these facts whoever gets nominated
instead of Kavanagh in the you know in
the imaginary scenario where he quits
and I don't see any chance of that
happening by the way but in that
imaginary scenario there would just be
another conservative in another fight it
would be a waste of time total waste of
time and given that we know that the
court will vote conservatives that's the
whole point the whole point of you know
the people who elected Trump was to get
this judge and you get this judge or
this kind of judge exactly because you
know how he will vote or she will vote
you know I head of time that's the whole
point
so if you can say that we already had a
credible court and this one thing is
going to put a taint on it I would say
well you're not really paying attention
we don't have a credible court we have
either a conservative court or we have a
liberal court that's all we can have we
only have those two choices nobody gave
you that gave us the option of the
credible court
now if you want a credible court you you
nominate to deadlock them so if you want
the court to be credible nominate either
either a conservative or a liberal to
balance it out so that they're always
deadlocked now if you can give me an
opinion from the Supreme Court where
they're completely deadlocked in terms
of conservative and liberal and still
one of them doesn't matter which one
still one of them changes sides to get a
decision I would say that could be
credible in fact I've suggested that if
I became president which isn't going to
happen that's what I would say about the
Supreme Court that I would stop having a
conservative Supreme Court or a liberal
Supreme Court I would I would attempt it
to deadlock them so that they couldn't
make any decisions now that would put
the that would put a lot of power in the
lower courts but if the Supreme Court
wanted to change that somebody's going
to have to switch sides all right
I'm just looking at your comments now we
see that's having a tough time today so
here's here's the top headline on CNN's
website now when I say the top headline
I mean the one that's at the top and to
the left because those are the important
headlights so whatever's left and top
are the things that are concentrating on
is the news of the day and this is CNN
Trump is on a winning streak Trump is on
a winning streak and let me tell you the
worst anti Trump thing on this page
right this is CNN and here's the worst
thing they say about Trump today on
their page milania's hat evokes
colonialist comparison that's it that's
the worst thing they had to say about
Trump is that Melania is in Africa doing
you know the work of the Angels you know
visiting poor places in Africa and
here's the best the CNN could come up
with this week the only thing that Trump
is getting wrong is he sent his wife
over there with the wrong hat it evokes
colonialist comparison she is from
Slovenia she's from Slovenia and did
they colonize a lot of a lot of Africa I
don't remember that in my history yes
Cavanaugh has not been confirmed I
suppose if there ever was going to be a
surprise this would be it right so this
is a weird world in which it would be
difficult well it would be hard to
imagine that people aren't at least
considering doing something while that
the confirmation vote but we'll see
we'll see as the president likes to say
I'd like to put it in a plug for Rand
Paul my second favorite politician I
think so Rand Paul apparently is one of
the sponsors or the sponsor of the
opioid treatment bill so there's a big
bill
that's good that's must be on the
President's desk by now for battling
opioids and he he gets a lot of credit
for that my book as you know this
afternoon I will be reading a eulogy at
the funeral of my stepson who died this
week from opioid we think overdose and
probably fentanyl we're still waiting
for a confirmation but it seems likely
and once again you know I've been
telling you for a while that Rand Paul
is is one of the you know one of the few
adults in Congress and I haven't loved
everything he's ever said sometimes he
can get a little technical sometimes
he's not I would say he's not
inspirational his persuasion game needs
a lot of work he tends to be more more
science-based more logic based more
rational it sure helps her making laws
though you know so if you're gonna make
the law Rand Paul's a pretty strong
choice because he's got a lot of
qualities that Congress sorely needs
sorely needs you need more people like
Rand Paul you know who can understand
the the technical parts he's willing to
think out of the box he's not going to
take the party line just because it's
the party line he's a real leader so
he's he's grown on me I guess I can't
say I always had this feeling seemed
like he was it seemed to me that earlier
in his career he was looking for his
voice and it feels like he's found it
now he's found his stride
you bought Tucker Carlson's book so I'm
hearing good things about Tucker
Carlson's book I do plan to read it yeah
you know one of the reviews that you
hear about
Tucker's book is they always start with
how good the writing is so you know I'm
halfway sold just by hearing that so if
the writing is that good it's probably
worth or take a look at I probably will
thank you for your thoughts and prayers
we will we will survive and I'm going to
sign off now because I have a lot to do
this morning as you could imagine and I
will talk to you all tomorrow