did you um bump a bump pom pom pom pom
pom sing along with me everybody pom pom
pom pom pom pom pom pom and if you are
well-prepared you already have your
coffee it's time for the early birds to
enjoy the unparalleled pleasure of the
simultaneous sip hmm oh that's good
stuff so let's talk about let's talk
about obstruction of justice
now obstruction of justice is a phrase
you're hearing a lot people are accusing
President Trump of obstructing justice
by suggesting that somebody should
investigate the investigators do you
know what's tricky about that here's
what's tricky about it
the phrase obstructing justice is making
you think past the sale the sale is that
there's some justice going on the
thinking past it is whether he's
obstructing or not obstructing the
justice that they made you accept on
critically here's another way to look at
it if somebody is obstructing justice
that's bad if somebody is obstructing
injustice that's good so as soon as you
allow somebody to say he's obstructing
justice and making you debate whether or
not he is obstructing justice they have
made you uncritically in a sense except
that there were some justice going on
now part of why that works is that it's
the Justice Department
so people are conflating the Justice
Department and the justice process with
justice and they can be very different
if your Justice Department
is serving up injustice should you allow
them to keep doing their injustice
because they are the Justice Department
or if you are their boss might you try
to call them out on their injustice in
the Justice Department well I think it's
obvious that if it's real injustice and
the evidence suggests that it's at least
worth looking into it is the president's
job an obligation to do that and by the
way the president has a little thing
called freedom of speech do I care that
the president is giving us his his
actual unvarnished opinion in a tweet no
that's why he got elected that's the
sort of that got him elected his
honest unvarnished opinion and full
transparency of at least the way he's
thinking right so the way he's thinking
is fully transparent you gotta like that
part and if if that leads us to
something that looked like injustice
I think we'd recognize it but certainly
I like the idea that the president can
speak out against injustice even if the
injustice is happening inside the
Justice Department all right let's talk
about North Korea I saw an article last
night that I didn't see a confirmation
for yet but I haven't checked the other
news sources that North Korea was back
on for for the summit did anybody see
that or was that fake news I'm not sure
yet
so it says they're back on so I wouldn't
I wouldn't assume that the summit is
really back on I I think there might be
a point where we either cancel it
ourselves the US or we go there and walk
so I think president Trump might
actually go there just to walk out I
don't think that was something anybody
wanted her planned on but I think that's
very much on the table so my old my old
thinking was that they wouldn't have the
summit unless they had largely agreed on
everything before they even got there my
new thinking is that the that the visual
of President Trump walking out or at
least the story of them walking out
might be fun it might be actually the
useful part of the process so I'd say
this might be an exception normally you
don't have the meeting until you have
some agreement he might you might have a
meeting without an agreement and just
walk out I think that's entirely
possible
South Korea's so I don't have evidence
to back up what I'm going to say next
it's just a feeling it's speculative I
want to see if you have the same feeling
does it feel to you that maybe the
president of South Korea may have played
both North Korea and the United States
I'm not going to say that happened all
right I don't have evidence to say that
happened but it started to look like
South Korea isn't the let's say the
straight player we hope they were don't
know that's true
don't know that but it's starting to
look that way so keep an eye on that now
it could be just wishful thinking it's
possible that moon has all the best
intentions and he's trying to get both
sides a little bit pregnant now if he
did that strategically meaning he wanted
to fool both sides toward the middle
which he could have been doing he may
have been playing you know at a level
above what we assume he may have
actually been trying to get both sides
a little bit pregnant on this piece
thing and then they get together and
they realize holy crap we weren't even
talking about the same thing but now
they're talking so it's possible hee hee
that moon is more clever than we assumed
and that his game was to fool us to fool
us into talking because once you're
talking then you have new options so
it's possible we don't know what's going
on yet and I think any any kind of
speculation about what's really
happening or who's really agreed to what
or who's really made an offer that they
don't intend to keep it's largely
guessing at this point let me give you
my prediction of what is the default
path for North Korea it goes like this
you should assume that North Korea no
matter what no matter what you believed
about their intentions they were going
to reach a point where they would you
know push back or resist as hard as
possible because why wouldn't they want
to keep their nukes and get all the
benefits too if they can but so they're
gonna try to get everything and give up
nothing nothing important anyway and
we're going to try to get our best deal
as well so everything is so far kind of
the way you'd expect it to go so here's
my prediction I believe North Korea will
not agree to whatever our terms are for
getting rid of their nukes ahead of
benefits so they don't want to go first
and then give up their nukes and have
nothing for it but they sort of have to
at least start giving stuff up or else
we're not going to give them anything in
return and their economy is going to be
in trouble now if China keeps North
Korea alive by allowing the sanctions to
be broken across their border it seems
like the next play for us is to go after
a Chinese bank
now before you go after the bank itself
and close it down because you would put
that Bank out of business and it would
be a major you know international
economic punch in the stomach before you
do that there's a step before that you
know with then before that is you know
just trying to cajole China into doing
you know the the best job you can but if
that doesn't get it done the next step
is you go after the bankers not the bank
so you go after the leaders of the bank
individually and it seems to me we
probably could get to them because
anybody who's rich enough to own a bank
or be CEO of a bank also has a lot of
international dealings and if you
suddenly put a clamp on that on that
that's going to be a pretty big cost so
that would be the next thing I would
expect some serious sanctions on Chinese
bankers if that doesn't work I think
we'll shut down a Chinese bank now
shutting down a bank is serious serious
stuff but it's the difference between I
talked about this on a different
periscope it's the difference between
wanting something and deciding to do
something what we want is for North
Korea to get rid of their nukes but
wanting it doesn't make it happen what
we have done I believe at least
president Trump has done is decide when
you decide to get rid of them then you
do whatever you need to do so the fact
that it would be a gigantic problem for
us
if we shut down the Chinese bank is no
longer an obstacle because we're gonna
do whatever it takes to shut down North
Korea's nuclear weapons so once you've
decided then you're just taking the path
of least pain and war as you know pet
war is the biggest pain and then below
that is shutting down the economy
of China temporarily there'll be nothing
lasts forever but by starting a gigantic
economic you know freefall that that
might be pretty dramatic is absolutely
on the table now now if we had simply
wanted North Korea to denuclearize we
might say ah we don't want war we can't
shut down the Chinese bank I guess
there's nothing we can do that was the
old way of thinking that's when you just
wanted it to happen but once you've
decided and it looks like we have it
looks like president Trump has simply
decided and here's why I think he has
decided because whatever happens in
North Korea determines everything else
that happens after that it determines
the Middle East it determines how we
deal with Russia it determines how we
deal with trade deals it determines
everything so we don't have the option
of failing with North Korea this is
really this is really critical we used
to have an option
our old option was well we want things
with North Korea but we could sort of
fail you know we could put it off kick
the can down the down the street but at
this point we've tied our North Korea
success to all the other things we want
to get done our a credibility is at
stake so now we don't have that option
so one side in this conflict has the
power which is us and does it have the
option to fail North Korea doesn't have
the power doesn't have the option China
has a lot of power but they definitely
have the option of backing down it's
just very painful we don't have that
option because it would be devastating
for us so the option taking on a Chinese
bank I think went from you know close to
unthinkable to closer to probable I
would say the odds of us taking on the
Chinese bank now
probably over 50% you know I'm not quite
ready to predict it because there are
lots of things that could happen but
certainly over 50% at this point now
that doesn't mean the bank will go out
of business but it would certainly won't
be able to do any business as long as
the as long as we're putting the
pressure on so I think that's next let's
talk about Iran so I have this
fascinating well I guess is it a
question a mystery the fascinating
mystery about Iran and the Middle East
and it starts with this framework you
know how I've told you that when when
there is one explanation for a thing
that happens that one explanation might
be true or false but it's probably
people objectively looking at the at the
story and and there's no cognitive
dissonance going on so when there's one
explanation for something that happens
even if it's wrong there's probably
nobody under kind of a cognitive
dissonance but if you see lots of
explanations for the same thing such as
all the explanations for why President
Trump got elected against expectations
we have like I think there are over
maybe 25 different professional
explanations for why that unexpected
thing happened that's a tell for
cognitive dissonance if you have one
answer
you could be right or wrong but it's not
cognitive dissonance probably if you
have everybody is looking at it and they
all have different reasons for stuff
that means our brains are just not
connecting with it the base reality if
you look at the Middle East the question
that I find the most interesting is why
why are the why is there a problem what
is the base problem and here are some of
the explanations I've heard I've heard
it's something about Islam meaning that
the
Coran or or the Muslim leaders just have
a religious interpretation that doesn't
allow Israel to exist or something like
that so that's one one set of
explanations
one is that it's economic the
Palestinians in particular are oppressed
economically and if you just solve that
that would that would make a lot of
things right and economically includes
water rights the right to use highways
you know the right to trade and the
right to do free travel and all that
they're all they're all tied up with the
economy another explanation I hear is
that it's all about humiliation that the
Palestinians Hamas the god of the Gaza
residents that they're that they've been
humiliated for so long that they're just
acting out of you know the need to to
get out of the humiliation
maybe I've also heard the explanation
that becomes probably more for me than
from other people that there's an excess
of young men and men are biologically
less valuable than women because our
biological sort of priority is to
reproduce and to survive women are more
valuable because they have the babies
and you don't need many men to have
babies so there's whenever you have
excess men who are not mated maybe that
causes a problem again I'm only listing
all the all the different ways that
people have said well here's the base
problem I'm not saying that any of them
are the are the ones that that are the
important one so only in that very
limited sense am I saying that women are
more valuable than men just reproduction
biology wise and that whenever there are
too many men who are not involved in the
mating process their their energy and
their resources can end up going in the
wrong direction so that might be part of
what's going on in the middle
somebody says land now land can be both
an economic concern and it can also be a
fairness concern you know hey it's not
fair we live there we got kicked off but
it's also an economic concern where's
our reparations but it's also a
religious concern as in a this land God
gave it to us no God gave it to us
somebody is saying Envy that that
there's an Envy issue I don't know
so now how many how many reasons have I
left off somebody is saying quite
provocatively that it's an in breeding
problem I don't know exactly what that
means so I understand the the base
assumption is that the culture over
there there's there's a little bit more
marrying cousins but I don't know how
that plays out in terms of why that
means there's problems in the Middle
East yeah I know why embracing is but if
inbreeding is a problem you would expect
that the people let's say within each
country or just fighting each other all
the time to you know if if somehow
that's yeah if lower IQ is the problem
they'd be fighting with each other not
just with Israel right of course they
are fighting with each other to some
extent but I don't think that's that
gets us enough of a reason but let's
throw it in the mix so we'll throw in
all the reasons so let's not be critical
about what what is the real reason let's
just throw them all in there some people
are going full racist and saying on here
I'm seeing comments to say it's an IQ
issue i I don't think so
but let's throw that in the mix with all
the other possibilities now yeah why
didn't the West Bank riot that's that's
exactly the right kinda question to be
you look for the differential alright so
can you see that there are lots of
different reasons being offered how come
we don't know what the reason is how do
you solve a problem when you don't know
what the problem is so here's another
hypothesis the other hypothesis is that
this state of war and the you know the
feeling that you know Israel must be
destroyed is something that's good for
the leaders but bad for the people in
other words it could be that in order to
stay in charge the leaders have created
this enemy and said we can help you
fight this enemy so maybe it's only
about the leadership who have then
persuaded that the the the less informed
masses to follow their lead so it could
be just a government organizational
problem that the leaders will can only
stay in power by doing the wrong thing
so that's another that's just another
interpretation so how many
interpretations are we up to now do we
have six different reasons and what does
that tell you if you have several
different reasons for the same
phenomenon what's the real reason all
right I will sip my coffee with you
simultaneously with all of those
different reasons offered yeah somebody
got the right answer let's simultaneous
sip to the right answer that I'll tell
you after I said the right answer
perhaps all right so when I'm talking
about the Middle East even if I don't
say this often enough you should always
interpret anything that looks like
certainty on my part I want you to
mentally add that this is speculative
and
I don't know what I'm talking about I'm
under informed about the Middle East as
I believe everyone is so the difference
is I don't believe there are
well-informed people about the Middle
East I think there are people with more
information but I don't think anybody's
even close to really getting it not even
close and the reason I say that is that
even the experts would disagree about
what the frickin problem is how many
experts do we have in the Middle East
who can't even agree what the base
problem is all right
so under those situations I think
cognitive dissonance is the problem what
would be a trigger so when when
cognitive dissonance and confirmation
bias when you suspect those are those
are what's operating what you always
look for to find out if you're right or
not
is a trigger what would be the trigger
for cognitive dissonance in the Middle
East go tell me what would be the
trigger now the trigger would be
something that you thought was true that
the environment is showing you is not
true so something you believed you
absolutely were sure about is discovered
to be not true what is it that's
happening in the Middle East that's
making people think that they were
completely wrong about something and
they can't explain why they were wrong I
haven't seen it yet so I'm seeing lots
of lots of suggestions going by somebody
said Saudi Arabia siding with Israel
that's not quite true yet I mean they're
moving in that direction but that's not
you're on the right that was the right
way to think all right so you're looking
for something that doesn't make sense
to mostly the the Muslim folks who would
like to destroy Israel
I haven't seen the right answer yet we
is weird nobody this is weird
there it is okay
somebody got it I Israel success
Israel's success you know why that's a
trigger for a cognitive dissonance God
doesn't want Israel to succeed right if
you're a Muslim what is the one thing
you're sure about you know they're you
you might have a lot of things you're
not sure about but what's one thing you
absolutely know to be true God doesn't
want the Jews to succeed if you're yeah
let's say you're yeah let me not take
that somebody's going to take that in
the context so let me clearly say I'm
talking about other people in Middle
East to our anti-israel they're thinking
to themselves well there's no way God
could be supporting this horrible
situation of Jews doing great and their
homeland their homeland is thriving and
we're doing horrible how does that make
sense how in the world are all the bad
guys winning and have been winning since
1950 you or what you know the the Jews
specifically Israel are on something
like how long is Israel been around what
somebody give me the yeah 9000 1948
sorry dot 1980 how did I not how did I
not remember that all right yes so 1948
so the Jews are on a 70 year win streak
70 years consecutively winning like the
Israel has gotten stronger more
prosperous and larger for seven
consecutive years at the same time their
enemies say but gods on our side right
any minute that's gonna kick in God God
God there's 70 years kind of waiting any
minute now it's gonna kick in right so
that's your trigger for cognitive
dissonance now turn it around is there a
is there a trigger the other way is
there something that is there something
that the the nation of Israel is seeing
and believes to be true that they do not
see happening in the environment all
right
the Jews think and again when I say
something like the Jews think this that
doesn't mean every Jewish person thinks
this right so mentally adjust in your
heads whenever I make a a general
statement about anybody please adjust in
your heads that I mean you know people
in general not every person do do
Israelis think they're the chosen people
in some sense do Israelis think that God
is on their side or at least not against
them they do so so the Israelis that are
living in a world that is completely
consistent with their beliefs it's like
hey God helps us when we do the right
things we think we're doing the right
things things are going pretty well a
completely consistent worldview and
observation all right now they might be
asking why is everybody trying to kill
us but you know they probably understand
that for a variety of reasons people
have enemies so now that that is
terribly triggering but if you live in a
world where you're pretty sure your God
is on your side and that
then you observe a 70-year unbroken
losing streak you are in deep deep
cognitive dissonance and and so the
question is how do you fix it well
here's how you don't fix it you don't
fix it by fixing the fake reasons that
people give so for example you know I
started by saying that everybody has all
these different reasons for why there's
trouble it goes from you know polygamy
is the base problem in creating too many
men who are angry and they have nothing
to do but fight the economy is the
problem humiliation is a problem the
religious doctrine is a problem the
leadership is the problem we have all
these theories about what the problem is
the way you don't solve the thought
problem is by fixing any one of those
because they're not really the problem
the problem is cognitive dissonance the
problem is that the that Islam is seeing
itself losing when that's not supposed
to happen all right so you have to work
on that now I don't have an answer for
that yet but in terms of my thought
process I'm taking you on sort of a
journey with me in which we're all
trying to learn as much as we can about
what the heck is really happening over
there with Iran and and everything else
I doubt that we will even get close to
understanding that region but my
starting proposition is that nobody
understands it because if you're talking
about those all those six problems for
why there's a problem and you're working
on another six you're not even on the
right field the field is that there's a
cognitive dissonance issue and if you're
not dealing with that you're not even in
the right conversation it seems to me
that's my now again I'll give you my the
warning or the caution
that I'll try to interject frequently I
said that with a level of certainty that
you should not assume is true right
everything I say about the Middle East
is preliminary subject to change
tomorrow I'm just trying to work my way
up to some kind of an opinion is there
an Islamic authority that can negotiate
with Israel yeah I wonder about that
myself
you know within within the Middle East
Islamic culture how many how many
specific people would have to change
their minds about Israel in order for
the public to say oh our leaders have
collectively changed their minds I guess
we can change our minds I don't know the
answer that it seems to me that the you
know there's a Shia leadership a Sunni
leadership and then there are factions
within each and he everybody's sort of
looking to the road leader but I wonder
how many there are you know could it be
that if you've got if you've got come
any and come any in Orion if you got him
and you got you know a couple of Saudi
leaders would you be 80% there I don't
know somebody says thousands but I
suspect that thousands still report up
to just a few right that's the whole
point of the system so if you're going
to try to break this cognitive
dissonance I would suggest that you need
to change something big
oh here's here's another point I wanted
to make do you remember
maybe a week or so ago I was talking
about how things with North Korea had
changed when we brought in the topic so
when the only topic in North Korea was
nukes or no nukes nukes or no nukes mmm
it was a stalemate they wanted nukes we
want them not to have it well that's the
end of the conversation but when we
brought into the conversation
you know first of all there's sanctions
that's the obvious part but also to the
talk of reunification and you know sort
of a bigger picture thing we had more
variables to work with to get closer to
a deal so the first thing that we did
with North Korea was reframe it as a
bigger bigger issue which helps and I
said that a similar strategy for the
Middle East might be how you get past
the Iran problem because Iran was the
same thing nukes no nukes nukes no nukes
it was too simple not enough variables
it's hard to make a deal with with only
limited variables so what did you see
Pompeyo say yesterday he said well we'd
like to expand this to include you know
the the topics in the whole area
everything from support for rebels that
we don't like etc and we want to do it
in terms of a treaty so Pompeo just did
what I told you is good negotiating good
negotiating form if you can't make a
deal with the limited variables that are
on the table the very first thing you do
is you shake the box so president Trump
always shakes the box so you know that
Iran deal we don't have that anymore
and then then everybody's running around
hey hey somebody shook the box what do
we do what do we do and then he says
it's no longer just the box it's it's
this now it's a treaty it's about the
whole area
it's about Israel now it's about Hamas
it's about Yemen now it's like if we
don't get a bigger deal the little deal
is useless we don't even need the little
deal so why are we thinking small see
the big picture so so Pompeo did two
things right and three things if you
count the president cancelling the deal
in the first place first he shook the
box then he expanded the the scope of
what it what this thing will be
started calling it a treaty so now it's
not a question of that little you know
just the nukes or not now we're talking
treaty that's that's good form got more
variables to work with more and more
levers more buttons and then he also
high grounded it
he said let's not talk about the little
 you know whether or not you're
doing a nuclear program yeah that is our
biggest concern but it's a big picture
let's big picture this let's let's get a
real solution that can last let me give
you a treaty when we're done because a
treaty won't be reversed by the next
president so everything that Pompeo did
and everything that trump has done so
far is perfectly on form now that
doesn't mean it ends well we don't know
how it ends but those are the steps you
should do shake the box increase the
scope take it up to another level you
know the high ground let's let's let's
go for a peace let's not go for some
little BS little agreement that you're
just going to cheat on anyway and you're
still going to try to destroy Israel
somebody says do you fear effects about
IQ so somebody is asking me to talk
about the IQ issue in the region here's
the thing we observe the people with all
different IQs can be helpful and not
helpful so until it's demonstrated and
I've never seen that that that's really
the problem then it is simply something
interesting to talk about but I haven't
seen that be the issue for example
there's no there's no suggestion that
the leadership is suffering from some
kind of a low IQ problem right and the
leaders are kind of making the decisions
over there so I don't see it I don't see
an IQ problem playing out in in a way
that would somehow be useful so so
whether or not there is some measurable
difference
I prefer to ignore because I think it's
just a distraction the population has to
be functional well here's the thing
is it true or not true that there are
plenty of successful people in the
Middle East and that their countries and
regions and cities where people are just
doing fine and the answer is yes so it
doesn't seem to be predictive in the way
that you think it is yeah so somebody's
saying that so let's add let's add that
to another so rather than make it IQ
let's just say let's take it out of that
provocative area and put it on culture
there's clearly cultural differences and
that could be part of the problem too
there's a vacuum of power to
counterbalance Israel is there I don't
know
all right so I'm looking here questions
I think add one of their topic I was
going to talk about but I've already
forgotten it so can't be important will
solve the middle-east sometime soon
we're getting closer every day what if
we took Jerusalem and turns it into a
city state it won't work because the the
current combatants are treating Israel
as a it's all ours or it's all yours
and that again you back it up to the
cognitive dissonance if if the cognitive
dissonance can be solved then all of the
other things that look like problems end
up being solvable but you've got it
you've got to solve the cognitive
dissonance first and I don't have a
solution for that yet but I will
we're working on that all right we'll
talk to you later