bum bum bum bum bum bum
hey everybody come on in I'm going to
show you my new sport that I just
invented
I think it'll sweep the world as soon as
we're allowed to go outside and
socialize with other human beings it's
going to be big and it started with the
observation that most sports are broken
for example tennis used to be fun and
then the rackets got really good and now
if you play somebody who can serve you
can't really return the serve because
the equipment got so good that even an
average player can hit the ball so hard
that the game is ruined basketball is
kind of ruined because if you play with
tall people well it's not really house
not really any fun baseball is no fun
because our attention span is is much
too small now sitting through an entire
baseball game or half the time you're
just waiting for something to happen
even if you're in the game you're just
standing there waiting no that does not
kind of soccer soccer can be pretty good
but you get all kinds of rules like Anna
bones and offsides and you need a
certain number of people if you want to
do it right so you need a sport where
you can't get hurt anybody can play it
all the time doesn't matter if there's a
big difference in your skill level and
it's just something you can do anywhere
anytime at any level without too much
rules too many rules and without too
many problems so here's the game I
invented
it's called Castle ball so you see
behind me there's a little structure
that I put together using cones
so I'm using the orange cones and build
a little castle so that's the castle you
would use any kind of ball I prefer one
that's not inflated too much and that
too allows people to play without
getting hurt because if you've ever been
the hit in the face with a fully
inflated soccer ball a high speed oh it
hurts
it hurts let me tell you the story a
true story about why you don't want to
play with the fully inflated soccer ball
if you're playing with people of
different levels you can get into a
problem if everybody's the same level
that doesn't matter but I joined an
indoor soccer league several years ago
and it was a co-ed and they were both so
there were boys and girls and one of the
people that I was playing against that
one day was a one of the spouses who was
not a soccer player she was not really
big into sports but because her husband
liked the head and she wanted to be you
know part of the fun she was a good
sport she said Cheryl I'll play so I was
on the other team and the the ball
rolled to me and I was going to clear
the ball by by kicking it as hard as I
could in the general other direction
toward the goal now that was a good plan
except for the part where she was
standing about 20 feet away and I put
the full force of my kick into it
and I hit her square in the face and she
went Pope it was stunned for a moment
and it was you know trying to catch her
balance but the ball hit her in the face
and came directly back to me twenty feet
away
I hit her so hard that it bounced you
know all the way back right to my feet
and of course not much had changed so I
thought to myself well you know I can't
really go back in time I can't unhit
tour in the face that's sort of done and
it looks like she'll live so I'm just
gonna make the same play I'll hit her it
I'll kick it as hard as I can in that
general direction which is what I did
now you're probably a little bit ahead
of me on the story here yes it hindered
directly in the face boom a second time
I believe that's the last time she ever
played soccer now my point is I was
fairly experienced as soccer and could
kick the hell out of the ball
and she was a beginner and we should not
have been playing the same sport all
right if she had been a better player
she would then get gotten out of the way
if I had been a worse player and when
some cake that that hard everything
would have been fine so to compensate
you play with a really soft ball because
not only is it easier to control because
it's not bouncing wildly sort of sort of
dead so even a beginner can can control
a ball and stop it and you know trap it
and stuff it's pretty easy so you could
use a regular ball actus or soccer ball
that's under inflated by the way which
is common for indoor soccer it's not
unusual to under inflate the ball for
indoor soccer that's that's common but
not everybody likes it now here's how
you play you notice that I've set it
away from the wall a little bit you
don't want it against the wall because
then people can just stand in front of
it and prevent you from hitting it which
is the point of the game so the point of
the game is that there would be two
castles and you would be protecting your
castle while trying to destroy the other
castle using a soccer like game to do it
now you could also have two balls or
three balls so the beauty of this game
is you could just add extra balls until
everybody has something to do because
there's nothing worse than a game where
somebody's standing in right field just
waiting for something and nothing
happens so you have as many balls as you
have number of people you could have as
many people on the side as you want as
long as it's roughly the same or at
least roughly the same in talent it
doesn't have to be the same number so
I've I've taken it away from the wall so
you always have the option of hitting
the wall and then hitting it back on the
on the on the rebound so the the point
of it is that you want to knock it out
all of the cones on the other team
before they knock down all of the cones
on your side so if I hit it once and
don't knock them all over the game is
still on so it's it's not over until
each of the cones is down and you could
make the castle as big as you want or as
small as you want and here's the other
thing
there's no ant about
in castle ball because I made it up
myself I'm solving the problems that I
hate about other sports you know the
boring parts were you waiting for
somebody to throw it in bounds with
castle ball there's no out of bounds
everything's in bounds but if you have
spectators here's the special part if
there are spectators they're part of the
field and the spectator can hit the ball
once to knock you back in bounds if it's
going on abounds where the spectator is
so even the spectators are part of the
game so long as they don't trap the ball
and keep it they have to kick it toward
the field the first time they touch it
so if they're on your side they might
try to do something clever but they
can't be too clever because they have to
just kick it once and then they're done
with it
so yes it's a spectator participation
somebody says are you high
not yet but the the day is early so I'm
going to show you a little demonstration
I'll take my microphone off so you won't
be able to hear me but I'll show you how
much fun it is to destroy that group of
cones over there
now part of the fun is that kids enjoy
destroying stuff so it's not just that
you're scoring a goal you're knocking
the hell out of it and you're destroying
something that somebody created and I
got to tell you it's more fun especially
if it's something that the other team
created not you know knocking their
structure down there's a little extra
fun admit it
all right so somebody asks where I am
I'm in my house I should admit that I
built my house I designed it myself and
I built it with the thought that if some
day I'm ever on house arrest that I have
to spend like a year in my own house I'm
gonna make a house that I don't want to
leave for a year so I'm not exactly
suffering through the the shutdown here
the quarantine except that I have no you
know human contact which of course is
pretty tough but in terms of physic
physical surroundings pretty good it's
pretty good I can I can't deny it all
right I'm gonna put the microphone down
I'm going to show you the
of knocking that thing down don't laugh
if it takes me a few times to hit it
okay
well you get the and so I think you got
the idea yes no hands no hands and so
this is soccer like game but it fixes
all the problems with soccer because
soccer is no fun if you have different
levels this fixes that it's no fun if
you have to