[Applause]
oops gotta use the official face
scratcher that's better that's better
hey everybody come on in there's plenty
of room in this digital world of ours
what if were actually simulated
creatures who are meeting each other
over a digital channel that would be
like two levels away from being real and
it's still pretty good
still pretty good not bad at all so we
got news news and stuff
so here's a here's a little quiz for you
if an taifa becomes active again how are
we going to know which ones are the
anti-shah and which ones are the
counter-protesters because they're all
going to be wearing masks and I have a
suggestion
how to tell them apart so if you see a
big protest and the only thing you know
is as some of the best people are
antiphon and some of the mask people are
whoever they oppose what you do is you
wait for their skirmish and then you see
who wins the one who is losing the
skirmish would be the Anti Fog number so
you can't tell right away you might have
to wait for a skirmish but if they were
getting their butt kicked
probably antifouling here is a horrible
question but it's really just for the
the thought process it's a horrible
question but I'm gonna ask anyway if the
coronavirus it turns out kills mostly
elderly people while the academics slow
down mostly saves younger people so
we're in this weird situation where
we're consciously saving younger people
someone
accidentally because they they don't get
to drive their cars into poles but fewer
youngish people and I'm not talking
about just 20 year olds I mean anybody
under say 60 so there are fewer younger
people getting killed but more older
people would the net effect of that be
an increase in expected lifespan with
the average life expectancy actually
increase because of this because you
could lose three elderly people whose
entire combined lifespan might be
another 20 years but if you lose one
person in their 20s who might have died
in a car crash then they might lose you
know 70 years of life so I think the
math might be surprising I mean it's all
McCobb and you know we can't can't take
any pleasure from it but it math is the
math now what you're going to ask me is
what about suicides and odious
I and then I made a contrarian
prediction on Twitter that I will follow
up with now which that they will both be
less at least in this country and I'm
fully aware that a hundred percent of
experts say that both of those
categories will increase so you don't
have to tell me that all common sense
and all experts say that if you take
people who are in a bad situation and
you make their situation worse common
sense says they're more likely to do
something that's bad for themselves but
here's why I'm going to disagree because
there's something weird about this that
pulls us all together at least
psychologically like that all of the
priorities just changed and I think in a
weird way some people might find more
meaning more meaning because they're to
have part of this bigger war
whew well so and I think it's also
interesting in a weird way because you
want to see how it ends so there's some
curiosity about it's like wow you know I
might as well wait a few more months to
see how this ends I'm kind of curious at
this point you might also feel that
you're not the one person who's having
bad luck now I realize that people were
going to decide to end their life have a
variety of different reasons and mental
illness to everything so there's no
there's no magic one reason but you got
to think there that it would be some
kind of a trade trade off some people
more likely because their situation got
worse but other people I think may be
forced to be around two people more so
they might just want to say well I'm not
going to do it now because I didn't want
to be living with my family but now
we're quarantine so I don't have privacy
so at the moment I'm concentrating on
something else there might be people who
say that they that they want to check
out but they don't want to do it at a
time when their family couldn't deal
with it
so they might say you know if it were
just up to me now would be good but I
have to think about you know the people
we're gonna be affected by it and
they've got other they've got bigger
problems right now so this is a long way
of saying that people are complicated
and I think we might be surprised that
because the box is shaking so much
during this Korra virus that maybe just
everything's different because nobody is
thinking the way they used to it's a
little bit unpredictable so I'm going to
go with the contrarian view that will
have fewer of those or it were at least
similar but not a lot more alright
that would be let's hope that's true
there's a study and a China it's not
really big enough but I had a 318
outbreaks Oh 318 outbreaks so that's a
lot of people because that's just you
know
multiple people per outbreak and there
are lots of them found that
transmissions are transmission of the
virus occurred out of doors in only one
involving just two cases so and if 318
outbreaks
you know gigantic clusters on how big
they were but there were clusters only
one of the clusters and 318 had any
Andy's example at all that they could
identify that was transmitted outdoors
and that and affected two people and
maybe they were you know in the same
situation I don't know so the the
obvious implication of this is that if
we all camped out if we all just camped
out and lived outdoors over the summer
there would be no coronavirus left yeah
that might come to us from some other
country they have not eradicated it but
in theory if this if this is true that
the corona virus just hates to be
outdoors and you know trump was talking
about this at the press conference that
the corona virus doesn't like humidity
it doesn't like sun and it doesn't like
heat and so we could just all camp out
well let me put it this way what what
would be the odds of getting Peron a
virus if you simply camped out for this
for the summer you just lived in the
woods
basically zero not quite zero but pretty
low so I think that gives also lots of
ideas how businesses could open up
because as luck would have it it's our
summer so there are a lot of businesses
that can open up like the restaurants
could just I could imagine restaurants
will do this just get rid of the front
windows and be an open-air restaurant in
California you know he doesn't work at
every state but you know it works in
Hawaii they've got their open-air
restaurants and they also have the
lowest oh that's you
Hawaii has the lowest problem or one of
the lowest problems and they also have
all the
conditions that would suggest it would
stay that way
because you sort of live outdoors when
you're in Hawaii all right there was a
leaked information that the remm des
aveer it may not be that great but who
trusts anything these days
that's a wait and see all right the
funniest thing well let's talk one more
thing about the corona virus so there's
this preliminary study of 3,000 New
Yorkers and they found that roughly
fourteen percent of them tested positive
for a corona virus antibodies
according to cuomo so what does that
mean what does it mean that in New York
they have 40 they found that 14 percent
already have it what's that mean well
let's ask Matt Walsh so Matt Walsh
tweeted yeah referred to that study he
says these antibodies studies if the
results hold true seem to indicate two
things so these are the things that it
indicates number one the virus is much
less deadly than reported that would be
true as a percentage of people who die
who get it so this would this would
suggest that there's a very very small
percentage of people who actually died
from it that is good news
yay number two says Matt Walsh it had
already spread widely before the
lockdowns
true I mean you could say that would be
true right so these are two true
statements no doubt about it definitely
true that's less deadly than reported if
these antibody tests are right and it's
definitely true that it must been
spreading faster and more than we know
and that he says and those lead to an
inescapable conclusion so I want you to
see if this conclusion seems inescapable
to you because watch me Houdini out of
it inescapable you say who will see
so the inescapable conclusion says Matt
is we wrecked the economy for no good
reason
alright so is to two pieces of evidence
are the viruses much less deadly than
reported true as a percentage of people
who died and they had already spread
more widely before the lockdowns before
the lock that was even started true and
these lead to an inescapable conclusion
that we wrecked the economy for no good
reasons is that true is that inescapable
well let's do the math suppose that the
New York numbers hold and let's say just
to be generous that the rest of the
world was like New York so the rest
world is no than lot not like New York
but let's say that let's say 14% of the
whole country
so I'm intentionally going with the most
conservative estimate here because you
know that 14% is probably only in the
hot spots and other the rest of
countries must be lower but let's say
was that 14% everywhere in the country
just magically to keep the the math
simple and that is produced I believe
46,000 deaths so a you know 14%
infection producing 46,000 deaths
what would happen when the infection
reaches herd immunity level which could
be 60 to 70 percent well let's pick 70
because what we do know about this virus
is it seems to be a little extra viral
so you know I would think common sense
it's always dangerous that if if a virus
is a little extra viral you know because
the way it goes to the air etc and it's
a little extra viral you probably have
to get higher on the end of herd
immunity like closer to 70 percent to
really stamp it down versus 60s let's
say 70 so to get from 14% which has been
measured just in new york to get to 70
percent
how many times is that it's about five
right so for the 14% who already have
been exposed to grow to 70% it would be
five times as much as has happened
already and again this is the most
conservative because we know the rest of
the country doesn't have anything like
14% it's like it's a hot spot number so
if we continued on the way we're going
with this super weak virus the 46,000
who have already died at a 14% infection
would be five times that so that would
be about 230,000 people who would die if
we take the controls off and we're also
hearing that people are getting organ
damage there might be permanent we don't
know so there's at least the possibility
that the organ damage type people might
be ten times as much as the deaths so
maybe you get a million people with
organ damage something like that maybe
two million could be higher so would you
say that we wrecked the economy for no
good reason if what we did was at least
slowed it down so maybe we can hold it
to a few hundred thousand dead because
we slowed things down got us a little
closer to maybe a vaccination or some
therapeutic saat work or some better
testing or something I don't know to me
that looks like that looks like a lot of
people so you could certainly make an
argument that we should not have closed
the economy and we should have just
plowed right through without you could
make that argument I think but you can't
make the argument that there was no good
reason you can only say okay there's a
pretty good reason but I still still
think we should have done this I think a
few hundred thousand people dead million
people with organ damage that's a good
reason if it's not good enough for you
I'd respect that but it's not a bad
reason all right
let's see we've got well this is weird
Elizabeth Warren's brother passed away
from well he had coronavirus but they
don't say he died from it he passed away
after testing positive for it so you
know I don't know what the what the
ruling is on that and that Maxine Waters
also said that her sister is dying from
coronavirus anism is in the hospital so
you know remember I told you that we
were gonna have this Kevin Bacon thing
where you know that your the the people
who were having coronavirus problems are
going to start out being well that's
nobody I have any connection with and
it's gonna be somebody you know who
knows somebody and this could be
somebody you know and you could just
feel this thing like like somehow
weaving its way into society because
it's like okay now there's two people at
least you know from television who've
got a problem in the family so getting
closer
alright I wonder if we need to get to a
let's talk about Joe Biden so did you
see the the brilliant branding that
President Trump dropped on Joe Biden at
the press conference I've been laughing
I've been laughing for hours about this
there is there is a real magic to the
wave Trump words things you know I think
we just have to at this point we just
have to agree they can put a sentence
together if it's going to be you know an
insult or persuasion sentence like
nobody really nobody else really does
and here's what he said about Joe Biden
when he was just riffing on him at the
press conference and with now it looked
like hey you know preparation I think he
just wants the top of his head Trump
says we have a sleepy guy in the
basement of a house
we have a sleepy guy in a basement of a
house now I could I could write master's
thesis on all the things that are right
about this but let me just give you a
hint
so first of all it's visual right it's
not just in a basement it's in a
basement of a house if soon as he said
he's in the basement of a house you can
see the house and then you can see the
basement and by adding the house you've
added the contrast being in a house
would be pretty good being in a basement
under the house that's worse if you just
said basement if all you said it was
basement there are cool basements people
have their man caves in the basement
sometimes you like your basement but if
you say the basement of a house you've
added the context thing now you didn't
even make it in the house you're the
basement under the house so the this is
the sort of thing the trim does
obviously I don't he planned it before
he said it exactly but it's perfect
phrasing and even the first part of the
sentence he didn't say Joe Biden is a
sleepy guy in the basement which
wouldn't really that wouldn't be funny
would it if all he said was Joe Biden is
a sleepy guy in the basement yeah that
would just lay there but look at the way
he said it he goes we we have a sleepy
guy in a basement of a house you have to
admit that we have totally sells that
sentence you there's a hundred ways you
could have started this sentence that
would just lay there flat completely
uninteresting and you say yeah yeah we
get it you already said that Joe Biden
sleepy Joe got it got it
but somehow he makes this sentence just
come alive by starting it with we have
who's we and why do we haven't and the
fact that you have to ask yourself who
is we and why do we have Joe Biden
that's that's part of the magic because
everything he says has a little extra
all right if he just said Joe Biden in
his sleepy and he's in the basement
that would be a little bit interesting
but if he says we have suddenly your
brain just stops and it goes we have
what what exactly is a we who's we
why don't we have him and it's just a
whole level of complexity that draws you
in and keeps you on the sentence and the
and he doesn't even use Biden's name he
just says and I don't even think he used
the I don't think he used Biden's Dave
at all he just goes we have a sleepy guy
in a basement of a half and now they're
combining the sleepy guy he's he's not
even he's not even like an ex-senator
annex vice president he's not a
candidate for president he's just a
sleepy guy in the basement of house
it is so minimizing he's just a sleepy
guy he's not even a guy he's a sleepy
guy he's not even in the house he's in a
basement of the house and then it gets
better you know he sent a few other
things but then he he puts this end cap
on it so that the first sentence was
that we have a sleepy guy in the
basement of the house they said a few
other things then he puts his end cap it
was just like this perfect you know
frame and then he ends it with yes he
guess and he's not moving around he's
not moving too much
do not worry too much yeah this is that
kind of sentence fragment that all the
the Trump haters I hate it because when
you're if you read it it doesn't read as
well there's when you're talking yes
he's not moving around he's not moving
too much
he's not moving around he's not even
moving he's it's just some sleepy guy in
the basement of the house he couldn't
make it to the house he's in the
basement it's not moving around not
she's really not moving much what see
you know if you want something that's
even funnier than this if you if you
want the TAT the topper the the fake
news is running polls that Biden is just
trouncing his truth his trouncing trump
on me
and the swing states by Biden is just
barely sentient he's just barely
sentient he's just a sleepy guy in the
basement and and he's leading Trump by
like ten points and this week states all
day all right well I think that's I
think that's what I wanted to tell you
today Oh sleepy God the basement of his
house
no names given all right oh man that is
so funny because it's like a mic Lyndell
topper
it's a bi pillow all right I was think
he have a topic for these these evening
periscopes because I don't like to just
you know do all coronavirus all the time
it's fun in the morning but by the
evening he was something else to think
about so I have a topic let's see if you
like this one and the the and the topic
would be the most surprising things I
learned from either being old so that
most surprising things I learned
yeah I did walk today thanks for asking
about being old about about Fame about
getting rich because I've experienced
all these things and I thought would you
like to hear
would you like you're the most
surprising things about those things and
since your comments are delayed I'll
just assume you said yes and you're some
most surprising thing about getting
older I'm totally surprised how healthy
I am because when I was a kid when I was
a kid I don't think there was any such
thing as anybody my age was also healthy
it seems like it didn't exist
I've also surprised at the fact that you
get smarter as you as you age I didn't
think that was gonna happen
I thought I'd sort of you know cap out
around 45
I did not expect that I would feel
smarter every year of my life into my
current age that that would not have
occurred to me but it certainly feels
like it's true and I think it's just as
I layered a lot of skills together I
also would not have I'm seeing lots of
yeses good I also would not have guessed
how much I could hack my own brain and
reprogram myself so for my earliest
memory I was interested in understanding
reality but also in reprogramming my own
brain and I started reading books was
really young about you know the power of
positive thinking and meditating and as
you know I learned hypnosis and all of
that stuff was the same
it was the same journey which is trying
to figure out how to directly reprogram
my brain as though it were a computer
and make it different so you know the
easy ways you reprogram your brains
you've learned some
thing or you you break a habit or you
give yourself a habit and all that but
the thing that I would not have guessed
is that there's very much a like a
compound interest element to it which
means that the first 10 or 20 years you
try to hack your own brain you do get
results and you say to yourself that's
pretty good I just spent 10 or 20 years
like working diligently and you know
with a specific outcomes in mind just to
fix my brain and reprogram it but how
much how much further can you take it
and I gotta tell you that it just keeps
getting better and and at this point in
my life I feel like I have a an almost
self designed brain meaning that I have
so programmed and hacked my own brain
that it's almost an invention of my own
creation it just took 50 years to get
there and if you if you had told me that
that was something that could happen
that you could just keep reprogramming
your brain and you would just keep
getting better at it assuming that you
are you know dedicated it was something
you're actually trying to do all your
life they would just get better and
better I would have been totally
surprised here's something I teach you
how I can do that
on another day I can I will teach you
how to do that here's the most fail
surprising things about Fame and one is
how much responsibility it is the thing
you don't really count on about being
famous is how much work it is it's like
it's really a lot of extra work to be
famous just to manage the famous part
because what happens is it attracts a
lot of inquiries and messages and
requests and it's just a lot of work to
be famous now I'm not complaining I'm
just
describing right obviously I wouldn't be
in their careers that I've chosen if I
didn't want to be famous
so the the positives outweigh the
negatives in my opinion but here these
are just the surprises so I was
surprised how much responsibility there
is first of all and part of it is the
spider-man problem you know at the end
of spider-man he says something like you
know with great power comes great
responsibility and when you're famous
and especially if it's attracting any
kind of money you end up feeling like oh
they're just some things I can do excuse
me
laughed until I coughed there's some
things I can do that other people can't
do so you feel like well I guess I have
to do them the other thing I would not
have expected is the number of people
you can heal if you're famous which
sounds weird right but the number of
people I've directly saved their lives
I've lost count and that's not something
you'd expect now you're probably
wondering can you give me an example of
how many people who healed or save their
lives yes I can one example is I had my
own bout with this this weird voice
problem called spasmodic spasmodic
dysphonia so I couldn't speak for about
three years and but I found a surgical
you know a new surgical technique that I
took the surgery and then I became a
sort of outreach ambassador so through
my efforts I got to tell a lot of people
who probably would not have found it on
their own that there was a way to fix
this thing so there were a whole bunch
of people who heard about it from me
because I was going out of my way to
make sure that they heard about it who
got the surgery and now can speak so
those are people I basically healed now
not directly right the doctor did it but
wouldn't it happened if I hadn't
connected them and likewise
Tiresias something I've talked about
before people have shy bladder just the
fact that I talked about it and invaded
a public topic actually probably healed
dozens of people who just heard about it
because I gave some tips about it
etcetera I was among the first people to
say that the corona virus maybe was
something dangerous enough to close the
traffic from China and I've heard from
people who said that that was the first
moment they took you seriously and
started doing their own social isolating
about that same time so I'm thinking wow
maybe I helped you know indirectly in
some way there as well bro you look like
a goblin oh I wish I had a nickel for
every time I heard that here's another
thing that I would not have guessed
about Fame that it cures shyness you
would never see that coming with you
because you would think that being faint
the famous would be the worst thing that
could happen to an introvert and I'm
sort of naturally an introvert but I'm
naturally a ham at the same time it's
which is not that unusual a lot of
people who become actors and stuff are
actually in Traverse so I'm a natural
introvert but becoming famous cured all
of my introvert problems because it
gives me something to talk about and and
it makes people know who I am before
they know who I am so I don't have to I
don't have to get people interested in
me because as soon as I hear what I do
for a living they're already interested
and if people are interested in you know
often they'll ask you questions about
what you do then it's really easy to
talk to people because you're not
working hard at all you just answering
questions about yourselves like yeah
better cartoonists did this send
newspapers bla bla bla bla so Oh
somebody's saying like James Wood is is
he an introvert as well
that would not surprise me but being
famous creates a set of rules and
expectations and psychology that makes
being shy unnecessary it just makes it
unnecessary
so I'm biologically probably just as shy
as I've always been but because I always
have a set of rules about how to behave
and people tend to be nicer to me than
they would to people that they do know
maybe the whole problem go away which is
really cool here's here's something I
heard from Craig of Craigslist
you know Craigslist of course right well
you may not know that there's an actual
Craig so Craig is the guy who literally
wrote the initial program that became
Craigslist and I once asked him I had
lunch with him once and I once asked
them about I guess he famously passed
ups on the gigantic offer to sell the
company and if he had said if he had
accepted the offer it would have been
not at all
hundreds of billions or billions what if
it was some gigantic number and it'd
been a news story and I asked him I
asked him why he decided not to take it
and he decided for just to keep the
company smaller and simpler and and he
said that being rich seemed like a lot
of work and I thought to myself that
when I heard that it's one of those
things that you just can't get out of
your head because he actually made the
choice based on how much work it would
be you know it's not like he ever
he wasn't choosing a bad life he was
just choosing a really good life it was
sort of simpler with the complexities of
what yet what do you do if you've got
all this money you have to give it away
you got to do something with it then do
you have to hire people to take care of
it then do you have to have a second
house and you know that should I have a
plane and
at all these questions and I thought you
know maybe it's not a coincidence that
he started you know a company that was
so successful because for someone to
have such a keen grasp on what matters
like to actually know what matters it's
hard to do yeah and it's also the skill
of a good programmer right a good
engineer the skill of a good programmer
engineer a technical person is to get
the best result you can get
with that with the least nonsense you
know with a the cleanest most direct
most solid approach and so it shouldn't
surprise me that when it came to sort of
a let's say a philosophy of life they
had the most stripped-down
cleanest most solid philosophy of life
you might ever see so that always stuck
in my mind is one of those things that
you you you just can't not think about
that because I've sort of made the
opposite choices of you know of
endlessly complicating my life because
it's interesting yeah I sort of like the
challenge but I got to say there there
are many years of my life where I would
wake up and say to myself you know today
would have been better if it'd been a
little bit simpler because you know I've
typically I've got three careers coming
at the same time all the time and you
know sometimes they're compatible
sometimes they're not but I got a lot of
stuff going on typically and if you if
you ask me Scott did it make you happier
because these are all things I chose
right for the most part there are things
I I have an option of doing or not doing
and I choose them sometimes I choose
them because they're hard I mean it's
the challenges that I sorta like like I
don't know if I could do that let's see
if that that's possible sometimes it's
just irresistible creatively and and I
just draw myself in sometimes it's
irresistible intellectually socially
sometimes there's something I want to
learn from it that is
more the point sometimes it's because of
the people involved you know have some
affinity for them something like that
but you know I always move toward cup
complexity and I don't think it makes me
happier
I don't do not think it makes me happier
but I don't know if I can stop
so Oh home studio update yes well I'll
give you the tour so it turns out that
there's no such thing that's better for
the home studio than these ring lights
we've got one here and one there so
roughly speaking there's one that's more
on my left and one that's more on my
right and I point them toward the wall
because the iPad is actually the very
best camera I found and I actually have
to darken the room quite a bit because
the iPad has such good light detection
that even with the lights off and I've
got motorized blackout curtains now but
even with just a little bit too much
light post
so through great trial and error I have
learned the following there is there's
no about you can spend on a better
camera system that would beat an iPad so
this is an iPad the the other thing
that's important if you ever want to do
this is put it out I level so it may not
be obvious to you but the iPad is
actually honest and so its eye level if
you've been watching all of the
politicians and Talking Heads trying to
do their skypes and zoom calls on TV
have you noticed the thrill that the
camera is looking up at them because
they're looking at a laptop and they all
look distorted they look distorted and
everything looks wrong because they're
looking down that they're at the camera
on their laptop don't do that so if the
only thing you do right is to put it at
eye level
it'll look professional now notice that
I don't have much in the way of any
reflection on the glasses
that's because the ring lights are
pointing toward the walls instead of
toward me if they were pointing toward
me you'd get a reflection pretty easily
but because the iPad is such good light
light detection basically I poured him
away from me
and there's still enough ambient light
coming around then look well lit I'm
actually sitting in fairly you know half
in the dark right now then I've also
discovered by trial and error that the
very best microphone is a twelve dollar
clip-on lavalier that's wired so it goes
directly into it so there's no wireless
problems I just clip it to anything and
in in my experience it's better than or
as good as a studio microphone now the
studio microphone will have more let's
say higher fidelity but it won't
necessarily sound better to the ear I
listened to myself on both and because
my my voice is maybe not that pleasant
so to speak that yeah the more the more
casual sound of the lavalier clip on it
was a little bit better so that's
probably more than you wanted to know
I've tried a whole bunch of different
software's and hardware's to
automatically stream to multiple
platforms etc and they all have the same
problem they don't work twice every time
you come in you have to start from
scratch and problem and you know
troubleshoot because just sitting there
just sitting there from the time you
walked away from it last time it
degrades there's something that needs to
be updated there's a connection that
gets lost there's a thing that needs to
be rebooted and then you get into this
you have to reboot things and restart
things in a certain order and wait a
certain amount of time and then when
it's all done
there are like 35 settings have to be
just right and you don't really know if
they're right
until you go live that's the system is a
system where you actually don't know if
you're gonna have sound you just don't
know until you're live now I've you've
some of you actually saw me testing such
a system there's one behind me Wirecast
system and it's not that the stuff
doesn't work it's just this non stable
because software is always changing the
operating system is changing you need a
patch software that connects this one to
this one oh they're not made by the same
company so now you've got you know one
person's hardware and two pieces of
software to get you to the third to the
fourth platform and if any that doesn't
work which it never does twice in a row
who do you talk to because you got four
different vendors involved and you're
doing something that none of them have
ever seen done quite the way you just
did it
they don't even know what to do so if
you have a full-time engineer let's say
you're you're going full joe rogan then
it makes sense because then that's just
the engineers job but because of what I
do depends almost entirely upon energy
and I'm an introvert you see where this
is going
so if I had an engineer that engineer
would be draining my energy instead of
me having it available to do this so one
of the things I teach in my how to
failed almost everything book is that
the thing you should manage to is your
energy if you've this is the most
perfect example of this so my energy
would be completely diverted to
technical problem solving and being
angry if I do it myself but if I hire
someone then they are going to be the
source of my energy it's like how did
you want this did you want this just
checking how's your sound okay okay and
my energy would just be going into this
semi productive place so when I teach
you that the most important metric is
your energy this is the perfect example
because all of those things would have
made the quality better right the
quality would have been better but my
energy would have been just totally
trashed so I wouldn't have lasted in
other in other words it wouldn't be
sustainable I wouldn't be interested I
wouldn't I wouldn't look forward to it
do you know when I prepare for these
sometimes I usually you know maybe an
hour or two before you see me live I
start looking at what's in the news and
looking at Twitter and stuff putting
some ideas together but the actual
technical part the technical part of how
I go live it is literally I pick up this
device I hit one button and my room goes
dark I talked to my digital device and
give it one command a voice command and
it turns on my ring lights and then I
hit periscope my iPad is always here so
that's the other part of the system I
don't use my iPad for anything else all
right if you're gonna do this if I could
give you one piece of advice make sure
you got an iPad just for this because as
soon as you take it from here and take
it anywhere else something that's going
to be wrong when you got to use it the
next time so I don't even I don't even
unplugged the microphone I just leave it
here I might add power to it that's it
so when I need to start
I pushed two buttons put in the title
and and here live and boom so that I
have managed my energy so when you when
you see me going live I've only thought
about things I wanted to think about and
I've not I've not interacted with
another human being in the morning when
you see me in the morning I've not I've
not interacted with another live human
being yet so you're getting the the
freshest you know most most genuine
clean energy you could get for me and
I'm not frustrated by my technology or
anything else all right
and you know when I looked at my my new
iPhone which is a newer generation than
even the iPad and the the quality of the
cameras on the iPad and even the sound
it completely makes it unnecessary to
have expensive equipment it's just
completely unnecessary
you're welcome
I knew this some of you would care about
that and so you save it from the end
that makes sense then somebody says it's
easier when you don't need to worry
about a bad hair day well you know some
of you saw me cutting my own hair on on
periscope recently so I definitely had
some bad hair days in the last month all
right that's all for now I will see you
in the morning