fun-fun-fun hey everybody this is gonna
be just a quick single topic periscope
on the topic of gun control and gun
safety I wanted to throw an idea into
the mix that I haven't heard before most
of the ideas that year about gun control
are rules that would allow you to have a
gun or not if you if you're this you
can't have a gun if you're this you
can't have a gun and I'm not sure that
that's our best approach it could be
that we should borrow from insurance
companies and from banks the process
they use which is they if you're a bank
and you're giving a loan you you look at
the credit score and the credit score is
based on lots of different inputs but it
sort of a generally summarizes your
creditworthiness likewise if you were
applying for insurance for your car your
car insurance will be based not just on
yes no you can have it or you can't but
the pricing will depend on things such
as your age your record and even your
gender so I wanted to suggest and this
is just a thought experiment about how
we could have a gun credit score and let
me let me walk you through this now this
is just sort of a first draft of an idea
so don't get too bent out of shape about
this changing anything that I have to go
answer so I'm gonna finish this in 30
seconds and then go answer my door all
right so the idea is we would take a
number of variables that we could
measure and we would give people a
credit score for gun worthiness if they
get the highest worthiness they can just
go buy a gun no restrictions let's say
you're over 50 you used to be a cop
you've been in the NRA for years let's
say you just hit every everything you
can just go get a gun no restrictions
but
if you're let's say male and you're
understand age and you know you that's a
little more dangerous so that would
lower your credit score if you've never
been in the NRA that would lower your
credit score if you're a current gun or
if you already have guns that would
raise your credit score if your IQ is
low you can't get a gun or at least
lower your score or raise your score and
now you're probably saying hey that's no
fair
you can't make a gun rights based on IQ
I'm sure you can you can do anything you
want we just have to have enough people
agree to do it now rather than an IQ
score it could be it could be
educational attainment the same way that
insurance companies do it for your car
if you're a good student you can
actually get a better car or a better
rate on car insurance than if you're a
bad student
maybe there's a drug test maybe you need
to get a note from your doctor maybe it
depends where your location is if you're
in a rural area and you're a farmer for
example that would be a better reason
for a gun if you're in an urban area
maybe that's a different situation
have you had training yes or no what is
your occupation do you have the kind of
occupation and where owning a gun makes
sense are you going to be a security
guard are you you know a farmer is
another good example did you have to
provide your own security if you're away
from services what's your income that
might make a difference do you have any
social referrals you know people who are
willing to vouch for you what's the
purpose of the gun is it for hunting or
for something else
self-defense etc now I'm not I'm not
suggesting I'm not suggesting everything
on this list is complete or that you
would want to have all of these on your
credit score I'm just saying it's the
type of things that you want to put on
your score I see in the comments people
are asking about antidepressants and
mental health maybe they maybe have you
take a drug test and the doctor may say
I'm not going to sign anything
you take anything until you take a drug
test for me other doctors might say yeah
I know you I've known you for years you
have ten guns already you're fine so the
doctor would still be part of the
process nothing is a hundred percent but
remember banks make loans knowing that
something like two percent of them will
never get paid back so there's no system
that catches all the problems but this
system would at least give a credit
rating essentially to gun ownership so
that people who have good credit can get
a gun without much hassle people who
don't have good credit are gonna have to
jump through some more hoops maybe if
you're let's say for example I'll just
throw out this idea let's say if you're
under a certain age and you're a certain
gender male if you're male and under a
certain age and you don't have any of
the other things going for you you've
never been a veteran you've never been a
police officer for example maybe you can
still get a gun but perhaps you have a
check-in every now and then perhaps
there's a sort of a wellness check that
you've got to do I don't know what that
would look like maybe the police call
you and say how you doing maybe you have
to talk to your doctor every six months
whatever that looks like just throwing
out some ideas now maybe you give up a
little privacy maybe maybe the police
have to check in with your friends every
six months or so and just say anything
unusual so these are all bad ideas but
collectively you can see that there
might be something we could build there
would be like a credit score for gun
ownership it would still let plenty of
people have guns so you would no longer
have to worry about the fate of the
Republic so as long as you have a system
that allows plenty of people to get
plenty of guns you're never going to
turn into Hong Kong I'm hearing people
downstairs that I got to go I'll talk to
you later