pom pom pom pom pom pom pom pom pom pom
pom pom pom pom hey everybody come on in
it's time for a coffee with Scott Adams
this is the place this is the time and
15 billion years of evolution in this
universe and it brought you all to this
moment think about it from the Big Bang
all the way to this morning everything
had to happen exactly the way it did to
get you in here for the simultaneous
simple kind of amazing if you think
about it and if you'd like to enjoy the
simultaneous supey you don't need much
all it takes is a couple member glasses
tanker chelators died in a canteen
drunker 5 sky vessel of any kind fill it
with your favorite liquid I like coffee
and join me now for the unparalleled
pleasure the dopamine here the day the
thing that makes everything better
including the pandemic it's called the
simultaneous up go better than the
hydroxychloroquine azithromycin and zinc
all put together doesn't equal one cup
of coffee I have spoken that is my
medical opinion do not doubt my medical
opinions alright so there's something
called the medical supply chain act
being noodles about in Congress to get
our medical supply chain back from China
so that we don't find ourselves in this
situation again can you believe we're
even debating that is there anybody in
Congress who if you brought this act up
for a vote today is there anybody in
Congress who would say you know I
thought about it and I really do think
we should keep our most critical
pharmaceutical products in China yeah
III think I'm gonna back keeping it
we're we're we're in the most risk why
don't they just pass that right now what
why does that take 30 minutes to
wait is there anybody on the other side
why do we even have a Congress to debate
stuff like that they should just say
does anybody any objections no okay
we're gonna go do this so Jake Tapper
got a little uh well I would like to say
trouble but he got he did something
provocative today because he retweeted
Trump critic George Conway and George
Conway had said that the president is
100% insane which was in response to
somebody else's tweet so Jake Tapper
retweeted George Conway saying that the
president is 100% insane and then people
said hey Jake Tapper you're taking sides
you can't agree with somebody who says
the president's insane and then Jake
Tapper had to tweet back and explain to
people how Twitter works now I'm just
gonna take Jake side completely sorry I
know you don't like it but sometimes
things are unambiguous this is one of
those unambiguous situations a retweet
doesn't mean do you agree with it who
started that rule that's not a rule
there's no rule that says if you retweet
someone else's opinion therefore it
means you endorse it or agree with it
especially if you're a news person if
somebody makes news with their opinion
you can retweet that stuff so I this
happened the reason this bugs me is
because it happens to me I will often
like a tweet that I don't agree with
because I like that it happened all
right you know I might want to look at
it again or I might want to call your
attention to it there's something
noteworthy about it you know it's worth
looking at so you know I'll just hit it
with a you know with a heart
maybe so it's easier to find later or so
other people can see it
liking and retweeting things is not an
endorsement so you need to get rid of
that thought from your head
so Jake was completely right about that
um pom-pom let's see how much do you
love watching Trump treat the press the
way the press treats Trump because
everybody's complaining that the
president is you know sort of
inappropriately insulting and pushing
back on the press and the press
briefings and I'm thinking to myself I
don't think so I don't think he's
pushing back in a way that's out of
scale with what they're doing he I think
he's just responding in kind and he's
just the first time you've ever seen it
you've never seen anybody who is being
abused in public just abused the abuser
in public usually if somebody's being
abused in public they just sort of take
it you know the the press will be asking
all these gotcha questions and the you
know the politician might act a little
peeved but they basically play along
with the the charade that that any of
this is good for the public if they
answer the question shrub just doesn't
play along when they ask a gotcha
question he attacks them personally to
which I say is that is that unfair if
somebody goes into the you know the most
important room in the United States you
know at the moment wherever the
president is I guess would be the most
important room and they waste the
public's time by asking questions that
only serve the business model of the
press and don't help the public
whatsoever not even potentially there's
no argument for it
I mean all that conversation about is
Trump making doctor advice when he talks
about the hydroxyl chloroquine that's
nothing but a whole bunch of gotcha
stuff there's no content there because
everybody knows the content the content
is as clearly as anybody can say at 100
times it's not proven there is some
optimism and here are the reasons for
being optimistic there's not much
downside that's it that's the whole
story
and the press waste the country's time
to try to turn this into the story about
how cleverly the question was answered
was asked to catch the the president in
an imperfect answer do you want to watch
that is that why you turned on the TV to
get information about the coronavirus
crisis and instead of that you're
watching you know some some reporter
trying to make a star turn and make it
about themselves in the clever way they
ask the question so they can get some
time in the news tonight I want to see
the president absolutely eviscerate them
in public which is what he does he just
in front of the whole public he just
tells the world that you're a piece of
crap and you're wasting everybody's time
and if the second question is the same
thing the president will take the time
to tell the second reporter well you
know you're also a piece of crap and
you're wasting the public's time you
know fix yourself I can watch that all
day long I wouldn't you know you could
light up thirty-five reporters and I'll
have them ask the same stupid gotcha
questions and I would never get tired of
the president saying you're a stupid
reporter asking a stupid gotcha question
next up well you're a stupid reporter
asking a stupid gotcha question too
next I mean I would never get tired of
it I swear to god I can watch it all day
long so good on the president for
pushing back in what I think is
proportionate way there's a graph going
around the internet which everybody
feels they need to forward to me it and
it looks like a fake one to me so I
called it out as looking like a fake and
I'm going to see how good my instincts
are so what the graph shows is in prior
years what the I guess the curve for
pneumonia look like the number of people
who get diagnosed with pneumonia and
every year it looked like it was going
down from the year before but this
career when it got to about two kovin
season according to the graph
it just fell off a table as if nobody
was getting an ammonia diagnosis they
were only getting coronavirus diagnosis
diagnosis and the implication of the
graph which I believe is not not real I
think it's a fake fake data but we'll
find out that's that's the fun part is
finding out and the point if it is then
it seems to indicate that the corona
virus is now so bad and all people are
doing is interpreting regular Damone
yeah as corona virus because you know
they're not doing a a real check to find
out why somebody died and so the
thinking is that the corona virus is
just over over categorised over counted
so here's the thing here's what I think
is sketchy about it it refers to a
source but it doesn't link to a source
if you see a graph that's that
provocative and on the graph it says you
know here's the link but it's just
described it's not an actual link you
can click and go look at and you can't
even really easily type it in because
it's like a you know long linker URL you
wouldn't really type that in so yeah I'm
seeing other people say fake graph so
hint number one ish it mentions a source
but it doesn't link to it in 2020 if you
mention a source and don't link to it
it's probably fake right secondly it's
too on-the-nose have you ever heard that
phrase it's a sort of a Hollywood script
writer phrase that's the first place I
heard it where are you writing the
script and then you write something into
the script that's just a little too
perfect it's like oh yeah that's a
pretty big coincidence that doesn't look
real at all that's called being too
on-the-nose it's so perfect it can't be
real
so when they show this graph and all the
other lines are you know conforming
really well and then this one goes low
and then it just drops straight down
that's a little too on-the-nose right
that's a little too
exactly what the message is trying to be
now that doesn't mean as false I mean
you know that by itself because
sometimes data is surprising but you
start putting it together it's like okay
it's a little too on the nose and it
doesn't have a clickable link I say fake
so I'm seeing different opinions here so
if you think it's fake some of you think
it's real maybe somebody can give me an
idea the the first person I saw who I
know to be credible from other comments
said he looked at the graph and then
looked at the source it's supposed to be
from and it doesn't seem to match but
that was just you know the first person
to who commented so beware of graphs
with no clickable link I would yeah we
think 75% of those are fake just in
general it doesn't mean that one is but
it might be once again I put on my
headphones and started periscope without
clicking the option for you to ask
questions so my plan for filling this
hour with questions that you asked me
live is once again ruined by the oddity
of this user interface which doesn't let
me think do things in the order that I
think I want to do them the order that I
want to do them as I wanted to start it
up and then to invite people in but
apparently after if I invite people in
and then started up but it's too late to
go back then so how about those apples a
lot of stories on Facebook of survivors
who took the hydroxychloroquine so yeah
I just saw a story on Laura Ingram's
show in which a democratic politician
said that the hydroxychloroquine
probably saved her life here's a problem
with every one of those stories there
are a thing called anecdotal there's a
reason that anecdotal has its own word
and it's not the same word as
scientifically demonstrated or clinical
trials
anecdotal is never reliable it can be
true but you can't rely on it doesn't
there's no information really being
transmitted with anecdotal stuff there's
only the possibility of information so
anecdotal information can tell you where
to look it can tell you might be a good
idea to do a study on this but by itself
it doesn't tell you stuff so just keep
that in mind
I suppose everybody's saying the same
thing but you can't you can't be
reminded of that enough so I put I put
very low credibility in the individual
reports of people who say I took the
drug and an hour later I was already
feeling better and by the way I have
heard those stories I have very much
heard the stories from even personally
I've heard at least one story of
somebody who took it and it seemed to
turn things around so quickly that it
was hard not to attribute it to the drug
because the timing was just it would
have been a coincidence if it things
turned around exactly that time so I
think there's a good chance this is a
good chance it works I think India
decided to open up and allow us to buy
some from India because that's one of
our biggest sources
oh and then I'm I'm saying ridiculous
stories about how people are trying to
make it look like President Trump has
some kind of financial gain from pushing
the hydroxychloroquine yeah do you
really need the need to like suppose it
was true I'm not I when I saw those
articles suggesting that the President
had some financial gain in this I
couldn't even open them and look to see
what their argument is because on its
surface is so ridiculous we you don't
even have to need read that article let
me explain why that's so ridiculous the
idea is that the president is acting in
a way that even without our reading the
article I'm assuming this is what it's
about
they're pushing this drug who somehow he
has some direct or indirect financial
interest in the company and really it's
just a big old trick to pump up the
value of this
Dok the somehow he came from that or his
friends would or something here's our
ridiculousness
have you noticed he's the President of
the United States and he's got a big old
company the only thing that Trump can do
that is good for him personally is to do
a really good job for the country where
everybody's watching that's the end of
the story if you have to throw in oh
he's really managing his job as
president of the United States for this
one little stock deal you're so far from
reality and understanding other world
works that you should not talk in public
anymore because here's the deal if Trump
does a good job with this coronavirus
you know the public decides oh you know
it wasn't perfect but I think yeah he
got us through he will get reelected
being reelected is the best thing he
could do for himself his family his
family business just simply doing a good
job for the country is where all of his
game lies there is no situation where
President Trump could find some way some
little angle that's good for him and his
family personally and yet was somehow
bad for the country it just doesn't
exist it can't exist logically you can't
have a situation where you're watching
this guy so closely and he could
possibly find anything find some clever
way to enrich himself and his family at
the expense of the country that's not a
thing it would be a thing if we were
watching you know I'm not saying that he
would do it if we weren't watching I'm
saying that it could be a thing if a
president were not being watched you
know you could imagine any leader could
do nefarious things if nobody's watching
but we're all watching you can't you
can't possibly come up with any
reasonable scenario where the cut where
the president directly screws 309 people
but he makes hey I made a 20 percent
gain on this one stock it's so crazy
it's like it's beyond crazy it's 100
percent crazy as George
the way would say all right here are the
things we know it does seem that
worldwide there's some kind of an elbow
happening there's some kind of a thing
happening right now in which it looks
like things are getting better or at
least the things are getting worse less
quickly which looks like the beginning
of things getting better and I will
remind you what I told you that if it
looks like you get a report that that
hydroxychloroquine is working you better
own some stocks because two days in a
row that's a lot of green a lot of green
amazon is up everything's up even pour a
little bit coin is up Wow things are up
a lot so yesterday I think was that day
you know I warned you that you would not
want to not own stocks on the day that
somebody says you know this Hydrox
chloroquine looks like it's working and
sure enough yesterday was that day I
mean we've had lots of hints but I feel
like that the weight of the hints didn't
become significant until yesterday
wouldn't you say
wouldn't you say that yesterday was sort
of the moment that the whole country
started to say maybe yeah maybe maybe it
does work now I think what we needed to
see was more anecdotal stories because
they're convincing even though they're
not scientifically valid but on top of
that we needed to see that the curve was
changing because you wouldn't believe
that the drug worked unless it was
actually showing a change in the curve
and I think New York City is starting to
demonstrate that and I think I think the
news in the coming weeks will be mostly
about hospitals that are not over
capacity so I think that's it I'm seeing
many questions about what I think of
doctor Shiva's
on this and I have not followed it so I
don't have an opinion on that so you can
stop asking because I don't I I don't
know his opinion so here's here's here's
the deal
I think we've entered the period where
things are gonna get better now the big
question is going to be how to get back
to work and I sometimes I see comments
that so disappoint me in the at the I
don't I'm just so disappointed because I
considered myself relatively ungawa
everybody's gullible a little bit
everybody can be fooled everybody can be
wrong everybody can you know retweet
something that turns out to be fake news
so nobody's immune to it but I've but I
feel you know if you were to rank human
capabilities you know everybody's
everybody somewhere on the on the line I
feel like I'm relatively immune from
believing the craziest stuff and when I
see people who still believe the
craziest stuff as in the comments it
just actually shocks me for a moment and
I think wow people will really believe
just about anything will fun one thing
all right so the big question in the
coming week and more is somebody says
you're gullible to support tapper well
you get the block now I remind you that
you can disagree with my opinions all
you want but whenever your comments are
about my internal thought process you'll
always get blocked okay
do I do I have to it looks like I'm
gonna have to go do homework and listen
to dr. Shiva so that I can tell you my
opinion because I didn't say I don't
like him I said I haven't listened to
his opinion on this topic so if will you
be happy if I go listen to his opinion
is the reason that you want me to listen
because you're not confident in it or do
you think or is it because you are
confident is in this opinion and you
think I can extend it because I don't
really understand your interest in me
getting interested in him
I mean his specific opinions on this
topic is there some reason that yeah all
right I'll look into it let me do it
right now let me look up now I'll take
too long
forget it so anyway I tweeted this
question this this survey I said how
many net lives would you accept as lost
you know how many extra people would you
be willing to see die in order to reopen
the economy and so my choices were and
of course you know these poles are
unscientific and everything but they can
give you maybe a directional sense of
where the where people are leaning and
so I gave them the choices of up to
50,000 people extra dead to get back to
work up to a hundred thousand or up to
two hundred thousand i capped the survey
at two hundred thousand because i don't
think there's any chance that's gonna go
over that wouldn't you say is it fair to
say at this point that the number of
deaths from coronavirus are unlikely to
be over two hundred thousand for this
country so i capped it at that and the
answers were interesting because they
were they were clustered on the two
extremes so there were thirty two
percent who said only up to fifty
thousand extra deaths but there were
forty eight percent who said up to two
hundred and that in the middle was the
smallest group of 19 percent sent up two
hundred so it seems that people and i
think i'll bet this would hold up
I think this would hold up and what I'm
saying is that people either say it's
got to be as close to zero as possible
or they say it almost doesn't matter
those seem to be the views I don't think
people are going to be able to fine tune
where it is in that range so the people
are going to say it's got to be as close
to zero as possible so give me the
smallest number and then other people
are going to say the economy is so
important that two hundred thousand sure
a million yep yeah I would let a million
people die to not destroy the entire
economy totally worth it
so given that nobody can really
calculate the plusses and minuses of
these we're just going by our bias
whether we think the economy will kill
more people or the coronavirus we don't
really know we just feel like we know or
we've got a hunch or an instinct about
it they may or may not be good so the
reason this is important is that you
need to get a sense of the mood of the
country because whatever the government
comes up with it we need to buy into it
and the reason I'm making a big deal
about the public's opinion is that the
public needs to give our government
cover to make the right decision at the
moment I think our system requires that
our president continue to say things
such as I will accept the zero deaths
now as a politician and the leader
that's really good right that when when
Trump says I will accept you know you
know zero deaths are acceptable for once
he's acting like a standard politician
in the sense that there is no other
right answer if you're the leader of the
country which by the way I'm going to
tie this into something regardless of
what you think about abortion so forget
your own opinion all right regardless of
what you think of abortion whether you
like it or hate it would you not agree
that the President of the United States
should always be against it here's my
argument because you want the president
the United States to say in every case
no
or what if there's a gray area I'm in
favor of maximizing saving American
lives that will restrict it to America
because it's an American political
question would you ever want a president
no matter and again regardless of your
own views so independent of what you
think would you ever be comfortable with
the president who said look you know I
think there is a case it seems like a
little gray area to a lot of people in
the country or a big gray area to a lot
of people in the country but as your
leader yeah I think that this class of
people according to this number of the
public you know who would consider that
the unborn real people that yeah my
opinion is that they can die now
regardless of whether you think abortion
is a good idea or a bad idea my opinion
is that the leader of the country the
you know the the one who has the most
impact in leadership needs to always be
on the side of maximum life even if it's
not practical now I would still be okay
with that leader saying you know as your
president I have one view and it will
never change I'll you know my view is
that we should do everything we can to
protect every life every possible life
every gray area life every life if
you're an American I've got one job keep
you safe keep you alive keep you happy
it's not up to me to decide if you're
worthy or saving you know as president I
will never weigh in on the question of
whether this person or this person is
worth saving their life I will never
engage in that because my job is to save
you all now it's also a practical world
since some decisions are tough so this
abortion question is going to be to the
states the states you decided maybe even
Supreme Court you decided but because of
my special job title as the person who
protects everybody I'm the only person
in the country who won't give you an
opinion on abortion I won't give you my
opinion be
as president I shouldn't have won on
life or death it's just always life if
you the state want to make a different
decision I accept that you know that the
country needs to have rules there's you
know we have a democratic process and if
that's the way it goes I'll support it
but as your president never put me in a
position where I'm deciding who lives
and who dies
you don't want that president and so
again you know as a practical matter you
want your president to agree with you on
abortion because it's more likely you
know things will go your way so I get
that on a practical level but out of it
on a moral ethical level I would never
ever ever ever want the the number one
leader of the country to ever decide who
gets the livin who gets to die or even
who is a person it just shouldn't be
that person's decision ever so that said
that to my point that the public needs
to tell Trump what we're comfortable
with in the life-or-death situation so
some things need to come from the leader
and sometimes the leader just needs to
tell the country where we're going and
that's your best process there are there
are lots of cases certainly with the
commander-in-chief situation where you
really you just need the leader to just
tell you which way you're marching and
then if you're being smart about it you
follow the leader because that's just
your best system in some situations this
is not one of them this is a situation
in which the leader is necessarily
handicapped and you want him to be you
don't want to change that because again
you don't want your president to decide
who's worthy of life and death I do not
want their leader the number one leader
of the country to stand in front of the
world and say you know I think that I'm
going to favor the people who want to
get back to work
and I'm going to have 50,000
grandmothers die shouldn't be his
decision it shouldn't be in his job
description even though it has to be
right
ultimately you has to make the decision
you can't change that but I think we
need to give him some cover and this is
not about Trump it's just about whoever
as president the the citizens need to
give the leader some cover now what I
mean by that is that we need to we need
to really wrestle with this question of
what we're we're willing to accept
collectively as a risk to get back to
work so we as non politicians can say
this and and watch me say it right out
loud and I can only say this because I'm
not president if I were president I just
shut my mouth but let me say it as a
citizen somewhere at around less than
50,000 extra deaths over the course of
the year I would be comfortable with the
trade-offs to get us back to work so
that's my number I feel that if you want
to give the president some cover which
allows the the country to make rational
decisions and allows the President to do
what he needs to do as opposed to being
bound by what I consider the most sacred
rule of the presidency is he doesn't get
to decide who to kill all right so you
need to take that away from him because
he doesn't want it I mean you know can't
read his mind but I don't imagine
anybody would want to have that on their
conscience want that to be part of their
decision but we can take that away we
can fix that collectively and it doesn't
mean that we all have to agree right so
it's not about it's not even about the
country getting on the same page and
then then the president can do that too
it's more about the more about the it's
more about the public being adults and
we and here's what I mean here's the
adult view the adult view is some number
of people are going to die either way I
think this will be the path with the
least death and destruction so I choose
this that was that's what an adult would
would say here's what a child would say
a child would say oh sure the 50,000 s
is fine
as long as it's not your family right I
just saw this on Twitter
that's a child's view the child's view
as well you think differently if it were
your family member that's just a child's
view I'm not even gonna tell you what's
wrong with it
except that it's not an adult opinion so
to the extent we can let us let us see
if we can shame the child child opinions
to the sidelines the old well you feel
differently if it was your mother
yeah of course I went that's that's not
new information but we're adults we're
gonna make decisions and it might be my
family member who gets killed it was in
the 50,000 it might be yours nobody
wants that we still got to get back to
work so uh I'm gonna so I put down my
stake under 50,000 because I think we
can do that my guess is if you netted
out the lives that have been saved and
then you add in maybe there's more
domestic abuse
unfortunately so you know if you do the
full net of how many people died because
of the bad you know the economy taking a
hit if you netted it it all up 50,000 is
where I'm comfortable not happy nobody's
happy right about 50,000 people dying
but there is a point where you just say
all right gotta be adult time to make an
adult choice time to grow up time time
to get on the team time to do what's
good for the country time to take some
sacrifice before the country so I I
probably will bore you to death on this
point I just want it to be more a part
of the conversation and not ignored
because for the next few days I think
what you're gonna see is all the Talking
Heads talking like children because it's
a little too dangerous to be an adult in
public right now because critics will
jump on you well what I'd like to see is
is in the next week I want you to see if
the at least the public pundits and the
opinion people want you to see if I can
get them to shift a little bit
from talking about the question of
you know orange man bad orange being
good and stuff like that too we are
gonna have to make a decision about
people dying and and let's see if we can
even have that conversation and you know
are we even capable of talking about it
in public so I'd like to this week I
would like to see the public pundits be
able to give a number and say you know
there's no way around this there's gonna
be a number on the number of people who
die there's going to be a number so if
you're not willing to say your number
out loud you shouldn't be in the
conversation now maybe for this next
week people want to still be children
and say well let's kill nobody
well I'm not going to do anything that
would kill my grandma let's see if we
can reduce that opinion and get people
to you know if it means the fifty
thousand or a hundred thousand this is
where I'm comfortable and it's not until
all of us have at least given our number
that the president is safe because if
we've all given our number then he can
say all right given all this input this
is where the country is this is you know
the mood of the room I can I can now
pick from that palette of options that
the country has given me but what you
don't want is your president out there
naked he's got a blank canvas and then
he just puts his finger in the middle of
the canvas and says that's my number of
people I'm gonna kill to get the economy
back up so I can get elected that's what
it's gonna look like right it's gonna
look like the president decided to kill
however many people so we could get
reelected that's how it's going to be
spun so if you want to take that take
that risk away from your leaders so we
can make a decision that make sense for
the country give a number commit you
don't have to be right but at least make
it safe for other people to give a
number you got to make it safe here's a
little persuasion rule that it's sort of
implied in what I'm saying but I'm going
to say it explicitly people can get used
to almost anything pee
can get used to almost anything so the
first time you hear hey hey Bob you're
gonna have to make a decision or a
hundred thousand people gonna die you
know it's up to you do you want a
hundred thousand people to die well the
first time you're presented with this
decision where you put yourself in the
president's shoes and you say okay am I
gonna let 50,000 people die that might
not have died out in other situations
and and the first time that you have to
go through that thought process is
jarring and you're gonna want to just
change the subject but you need to kind
of get used to it because it's not until
we can comfortably say 50 thousand or a
hundred thousand out loud in public just
to show we can even talk about the topic
just to show we're no longer shocked by
it we have to we're gonna have to
acclimate ourselves to be able to talk
about these big numbers just so
psychologically we can get to the other
side so I'll be priming the pump for
that what else is happening that you
care about besides dr. Shiva it was
called Vietnam that is a good analogy
you know analogies don't win arguments
but they're they're often entertaining
and sometimes they can educate and the
Vietnam example was was perfect yeah
Vietnam was acceptable because we sort
of inched our way into it if we knew
from the starts like now we're gonna
lose this many people if we knew that on
day one the public would have said I'm
not down for that but if you say well we
lost 100 people today and 110 the next
day just sort of sneaks up on you that
was a good example but you need to
define how to get to that number okay
let me define it for the billionth time
I always define it as net meaning that
you look at what the normal number of
deaths are every year and then you look
at this period this year
and if normally we'd lose 40,000 people
a month or whatever it is and this month
we lost 45,000 I'd say the net is 5 now
I don't care how many of those recruit a
virus and I don't care how many is the
you know reduced traffic accidents it's
just all in the number why would you
ever look at any number that wasn't net
and this is the part that if you have
any training in you know doing financial
analysis it gets really annoying when
people ask you if important numbers are
included in the figure because of course
they are they're important numbers of
course are included because they matter
so you don't need to ask me about and
here's where you don't ever need to do
if you can think of something that would
be different about the death count
either more domestic abuse more suicide
more death from economics you know
whatever it is it's in the number so
everything just everything you don't
have to ask about the details if you can
calculate it it's in there all right how
many business owners had a stroke
no one's counting that well again if you
count just the total number of deaths
this year compared to other years
probably they would be very similar
meaning you're probably always within I
don't know 5% any month if you looked at
any month in a normal year to the year
before it's probably about the same
number of accidents you know 5%
difference so if you see a bigger
difference than that during the
coronavirus deaths you could reasonably
attribute it to this situation you see
just remember the lag yeah the elderly
are more susceptible and they tend to
vote for Trump true wouldn't you like to
see a survey of people over 60 what if
you asked if you ask the people you know
say under 40 how many deaths would you
be willing to
except and I think you know what you'd
find is a lot I think you would find
that the younger people resent the
elderly quite a bit because they feel
like the elderly had a good life and
used everything up and left them nothing
but debt in a smouldering world it's a
little bit of an exaggeration but not
too bad somebody asks what about the
surge do we need to wait until after
that well we do we do need to wait you
know I'd say another week we'll have a
good idea what's happening so we
probably can't make a final decision for
a at least a week and realistically we
wouldn't make it then either it would
probably wait two weeks but this is the
point where we should start making the
plans because whether or not that that
surge you know is two weeks away or one
week away I'm not sure we can predict
that stuff so well but no matter when it
comes you need to get to the other side
to make the final decision but I feel
like we can feel it comin in a way that
we probably want to at least make the
plan yeah I think people over 60 might
be more flexible than people assume
because you know there when you reach a
certain age especially if you're 80 yeah
I can imagine a lot of 80 year olds
saying hey I had a good around you know
if you if you ask me do I want if you
ask the average 80 year old here's the
deal we could give you an average of
three more extra years of life but it's
three years and your 80s and you're
probably in the nursing home anyway so
you get three more of those worst years
of your life the last three or you could
save the country so you get three years
of crappy end of life or you can save
the economy of the United States for
your children and grandchildren what is
the 80 year old say to that yeah I've
got a feeling that they would very
strongly lean toward I had a good run
don't you think I think if you ask the
people who are most at risk they would
say yeah I'm scared you know and all
that but you know if I have to choose
I'm gonna choose the grandchildren I had
a good run I don't need three extra
years of this whatever this is when
you're 80 so I would not assume that the
that the elderly need the kind of
protection as a class obviously
individuals will differ but as a class I
don't know if they're asking for the
protection that we're offering you know
given given the trade-off that it would
hurt their grandchildren etc somebody
says you first yeah now if people in
their 70s I would expect to have a
different opinion because 70s are
actually still pretty good years I'm
expecting that my 70s will be pretty
good decade actually yeah as long as I
stay healthy now the other thing is that
if if you're one of the older people who
does not want to sacrifice your life you
do have the option of taking extreme
steps so you could you know do extreme
social isolation and masking and stuff
for another another X months until you
felt safe
so people who did not want to take the
personal risk they were willing to take
the class risk of like okay old people
are gonna have a tough time I'll take
that risk but I don't want to personally
take the risk they have that option too
they can reduce their own risk to
practically nothing if they have the
wherewithal to get social isolation I
guess that's not available to everybody
so let's figure that out
a young life is worth more than a lived
life says somebody well I would say
there's a lot of individual difference
there as a good general statement sure
somebody says the White House press
secretary is going is that news that
just happened
70 year olds volunteered to clean up the
mess of Fukushima that does not surprise
me let's see if there's any news about
the press secretary corners cast doubt
on official coronavirus death tolls and
CNN exclusive interesting interesting
I'm going to just see what the headline
is corners yeah cuz nobody's really
testing them to see if they died from
the corona virus so apparently there's
just a mess with the reporting it so
that's why I come out to the you have to
look at just the total average deaths in
the country year-to-year because I think
that's the only thing that's gonna tell
us what's going on somebody says I'm 61
not ready to go still working in
essential job well you know for the
people who it seems to me then let me
let me ask you this so the person who is
61 who works in an essential job and
definitely doesn't want to die which I
certainly understand would you feel more
comfortable if they gave you the the
z-pak and I druks hydroxychloroquine if
they gave it to you as a preventive for
a few months during the worst of the
corona virus would you feel comfortable
going back to work assuming you did all
your social isolating and your masking
and stuff with it would that make you
comfortable enough if you just knew that
you have that drug in you now my
understanding is it doesn't prevent you
from getting it and maybe it does but I
don't think that's been demonstrated
even anecdotally what the reason you
would have it is that if you got the
infection it would already be in your
system so it would be the you know
ouchie is 80 is he found she isn't 80 is
he he's in great shape if he's 80
corners want to know where are the
bodies well I don't think that there's
any scandal of hiding bodies is there
didn't you just hear that
wasn't it one of the parks in New York
City was going to be dug up for
temporary mass graves do we do that
every year with a regular flu do we
build mass temporary graves in Central
Park
there's something going on here you can
die with the virus but not from the
virus that says somebody all right yeah
so people are saying yes that they would
feel comfortable going back now keep in
mind that for every person who has an
actual medical like physical medical
problem from the corona virus there are
25 people who have a mental problem from
it so the psychological problem of
coronavirus it's pretty big you know the
risk of getting into worry and all that
so if the hydroxychloroquine did nothing
except make you feel more comfortable
even if you weren't it still totally be
worth it it causes depression in the
long run I don't know what you're
talking about
ouchy is 79 people are saying he must
okay
he runs every day it looks like he's in
good shape that's a good argument for
being fit all of your life if you look
at a foul gee he certainly presents
himself as a much younger man and that
would make sense if he runs every day so
I have seen people saying that the White
House spokesperson quit I don't know
about that shouldn't the homeless be
getting the virus we'll maybe we all
need to bury all the ventilation you
know if I had to guess
I think that a whole bunch of big
American companies are going to be
really pissed off that they started
making ventilators that we didn't need I
feel like it's heading in that direction
now of course it makes more sense to be
more prepared versus underprepared so we
should still be making those ventilators
like crazy just in case but so somebody
says Stephanie Grisham is reported to be
leaving so maybe that's not maybe that's
not confirmed alright okay I'm getting
confirmations to the comments the
Stephanie Grisham stuff down that kind
of makes sense doesn't it I don't even
know what she looks like the
spokesperson for the President of the
United States I can't tell you what she
looks like I wouldn't recognize her
would you and I I think this president
doesn't really need one of those it
seems like an almost or at least in
terms of the the public part where the
spokesperson talks to the public don't
really need that part so I can see why
she might want to move on says she's
returning to the the first lady's staff
yeah alright she was reassigned to her
previous post okay prisoners should get
the Trump ills well we should all get
the Trump pills obviously there's not a
supply of them wouldn't you like to have
some visibility on the supply so the
president said we you know we got X
millions of pills from this source of
this source is that enough is that a lot
what are they doing with them are they
allocating of can prisoners get them how
about old people what about people who
don't show symptoms so it's the most
important variable in which we have no
information at all and if Stephanie
Grisham had been pushing the task force
to give good information maybe that's
why she get fired
so think about this nobody's complained
about the communication of the task
force more than I have is that true
would you agree that nobody has had more
sharper deeper complaints about the
quality of the communication from the
task force than me I've been the
harshest about that I think a total
failure
and communication specifically not
telling the public a little bit better
idea of at least what they know even if
they don't know things they should tell
us what they don't know and what they do
know about the supply situation then you
know the hydroxyl chloroquine and the
ventilators and everything else so I've
been a the harshest critic saying that
the whole things are just a just a
horrible I don't want to use the word I
was going to use but would it be a
surprise to me to watch a person who is
a professional in charge of this kind of
communication have some conflict with
the people who are blowing it in public
every day now in my opinion the task
force is blowing it every day like
they're failing it's just an F in in
communicating with the public I would
say it's just a flat F day after day F F
F F it's always the same reason it's not
that the president isn't entertaining
it's nothing he doesn't get good ratings
it's not that the public doesn't enjoy
it it's not that we don't learn things
because we do and it educates us about
you know and as socially isolated all
that so there are lots of value to the
task force presentations I watch most of
them so I would say the value is very
high but the skill in terms of the the
primary message which is inform the
public of the useful information that's
just an app so imagine you're the
professional who's most identified with
the messages coming out of the White
House you don't get to change how they
do it because obviously they're not
listening to her wouldn't you say you
know I mean I don't think anybody was
listening to her opinion
so here she has watching the people who
are doing the things she's supposed to
be in charge of which is communicating
and they're failing every day and
they're not listening to her advice
because you know they're not right yeah
I mean you don't have to be in the room
to know that if she just resigned it's
because they weren't listening to her
right I don't think there was another
reason you know it had to be that she
was not being taken seriously her her
opinion and how to do this just wasn't
winning the day apparently so yeah if I
were her I think I would have quit if I
had to be in charge of communication and
wouldn't have any influence on it and
then I had to watch the people who were
who should be taking my advice go out
there and fail just fail day after day
after day and fail exactly the same way
by not giving us any useful information
in context that would drive you crazy
how could you keep that job so of course
she should leave all right that's about
all I got for today I will try to
somebody says it's not in half let me be
clear there is lots of value in the
press conferences so I'd like to see
that lots of value but in terms of
communicating the specific skill of
communicating which is a subset of the
value of the press conference just the
communicating part is an F because they
simply don't answer the important
questions nor do they even tell you they
can't answer them nor do they tell you
they will answer them just completely
avoiding all the important questions
about supply and about getting back to
work all right
somebody says you're speaking from fear
am i I know I get you blocked so for
those of you who haven't figured out the
pattern yet you never get blocked for
disagreeing with me
that's a hard rule you can disagree all
you want
but when you tell me what I'm thinking
you get blocked because I need I want an
audience that understands the difference
between you know me knowing what I'm
thinking and I can be pretty accurate
about that versus you know what I'm know
knowing what I'm thinking if you say in
public your opinion of what I'm thinking
I'm just gonna block you because I don't
have time for people like that in my
world that's that's the lowest level of
understanding your world imagining you
can read somebody's mind and on that
note I hope to see you later tonight 10
and 10
that's East Coast time 7:00 7:00 if
you're in California and why wouldn't
you be California is actually doing an
unusually good job now isn't that weird
it's weird that California is being held
up as one of the successful states but I
got a feeling it might be more to do
with the fact that we Californians don't
bunch up as much you know we don't get
on subways we don't have public
transportation I'm talking about Los
Angeles in particular don't have public
transportation don't have as many
elevators I've got a feeling that
there's just something about the fact
that loss and loss Angeline's tend to
drive their cars by themselves they
don't have passengers in their cars so
it's probably as much about lifestyle as
it is about good management but anyway
he's working out all right that's all
for now I'll talk to you later tonight
stay safe