[Music]
hey everybody come on come on gather
round
grab your containers you know what I'm
talking about
it's time for the best part of the day
yeah it's called coffee with Scott Adams
and you have come to the right place for
that let me tell you oh you're on a hike
well that's good for you this is a
perfect entertainment companion for
taking a hike
look at that tree over there watch your
step it's like I'm right there with you
all right everybody you know what you
need to have a great day to get it off
in the right way all you need is a cup
or a marker a glass a tanker chelators
time a canteen juggler flask a vessel of
any kind fill it with your favorite
liquid I like coffee and join me now for
the dopamine hit of the day the
unparalleled pleasure I usually say
those in the other order it's called the
simultaneous something that happens now
go do you know why I could never be an
actor well lots of reasons but one of
them I can't remember lines my memory
the way my memory works is very
different from other people's so I care
about of the exact order of anything I'm
a little bit dyslexic anyway so putting
things into order is hard but concepts I
can remember forever like a joke if I
hear a joke remember it forever so I
don't have a bad memory I have a
different memory I can remember concepts
forever but exact things like phone
numbers not a chance
I've had a question that I've had for a
long time and I feel like I got an
answer yesterday it was on the question
of what the anti-trump people are really
thinking which might be separate from
what theirs
saying because you've wondered this too
for example when you heard the
president's critics say that when he
referred to the so-called
countries that that was racist right and
you heard that when he called the
kneeling NFL players sons of
your that that was racist as well now if
you're not an anti-trump er did you not
have the following question in your head
which is do they mean that or is that
just a convenient attack because they
can sort of turn it into an attack or do
they really think that is racist because
I know that you don't yeah I know that
it didn't hit me that way but of course
you know maybe by filter is different it
doesn't mean it's not racist because it
didn't it didn't it didn't hear that any
particular person that way I'm just
saying I had a question do they really
believe what they're saying
or is it just politics and I was
listening to interview with Cornel West
you may know him he's professor or
somewhere Harvard
uh Harvard professor I think African
American man if you don't know him
that's important to the story and a very
good spokesperson just in general
because he's just really he's just good
at communicating and he's verbally
really gifted so you think okay Cornel
West he somebody could maybe help sort
out this question and it turns out he
did but somewhat accidentally it
happened I think it was Bret Baier I may
have uh for some reason I remember
Cornel West but I think it was Bret
Baier who's interviewing and those two
examples came up so Cornel West brought
up the countries and the SOPs
when he brought up the SOPs I think it
was Bret Baier who just added a little
professional context he was really good
at it by the way because the way he did
it was yeah I had to be Bremer the way
you did it was he just added the context
it wasn't in any argumentative way he
said well you know that the context of
the sons of was not specifically
racial here's what Cornel West sent
because the whole point of the SOB thing
being racial is that it's obviously
racial that's the whole point isn't it
and here Brett Barrett says well it's
not you know there was no specific
call-out to race
how did Cornel West answer that and it
was really interesting he said it felt
like it basically and I'm paraphrasing
but what he said was that when he sees a
black person Colin Kaepernick included
in the category of a sons of
he thinks of Colin's mother and he
thinks of other black people thinks of
himself thinks that maybe like his own
son and he takes it personally and I
thought to myself well that's not
exactly what people are saying is it
because he said fairly clearly that no
it wasn't a racial statement but it
feels like one because that just the way
he processed it was racial even
acknowledging that the president's
statement was not intended that way
isn't that interesting it's a clear
intention it he's clearly saying there's
no indication that the president meant
it as a racial statement and yet it
offends him the same way and and the
point being more about the I guess the
carelessness of the president's words
that lead you to those feelings so what
about this year all countries so Cornel
West also explained that he didn't say
did not say the president says black
countries are bad which is what you
think we're saying right when people are
criticizing him like one I know he's
heard was oh I get it
you think he was only talking about
black countries so
that sounds racist to you I think he was
talking about countries that are not
producing you know highly educated
experienced people who would immediately
add to our economy on average which
sounded more economic to me but Cornel
West explained it and again I have to
paraphrase because I don't remember
exact words he explained it that when
you call a country that was you know
even if one of those countries and most
of them were brown with black countries
I think if you call them any kind of an
insult he just takes it personally
because he has some connection in his
mind and in some cases maybe in his
history to that country so he takes it
personally that is really different
isn't it
because in both those examples he was
pretty explicitly acknowledging that he
has no no he has no accusation that the
president intended it or even had a
racial thought isn't that interesting he
he acknowledged the two of his strongest
examples of the president saying racist
stuff has no indication in it that the
president meant it that way
or was thinking that way I always
thought that that was the whole point is
that he was thinking it that way and
meant it that way wasn't that the whole
point but the moment that Brett Baier
just added that little bit of context
that's all it took and here's what I
appreciated about that I felt like that
moved the ball a little bit like I felt
like there was some kind of little
breakthrough I was having so you know
you need and and I had been confused for
a long time about this whole situation
now if you explained it to me as this
was offensive to me and here the
connections about why I felt it that way
I actually accept that completely
completely if what are you saying is
this made me feel bad and here are the
reasons and maybe if you were in this
situation you would make you feel bad
too I think
yeah maybe I can see that I don't
they wouldn't argue with that at all but
if you go to the further thing say the
president in his mind which were reading
from a distance intended it to be racist
or revealed his inner race inside well
that's just crazy talk but it turns out
that Cornel West isn't saying that I can
actually work with completely I mean we
could work with what Cornel West is
saying you know it can you can you
modify your language so it's less
offensive to people who's maybe
experienced you don't have a full
appreciation for to which I say sure
sure I would do that for anybody let's
say you had a bad experience with a oh
you've been attacked by a rhinoceros in
your youth and I start telling you a
story about a rhinoceros and you say
please please please I know you're not
doing this to hurt me but you know
rhinoceros talk it bothers me and I just
sort of take it personally that you
would even bring up this conversation
what would you do well if you're a jerk
you keep talking about rhinoceroses
rhinoceri plural of rhinoceros don't
know so if you don't want to be a jerk
you would immediately stop talking about
rhinoceri right it has nothing to do
with race and how about just not being a
jerk not you know not being a dick
that's it's exactly that what I feel
about the statues the people who are
arguing that the Confederate statues are
well technically their history and you
know technically they're not meant to be
racist and technically is you know the
it wasn't put up for that purpose and
it's all that's the nobody
cares those statues are offensive you
don't get to tell them they shouldn't be
offended it's not up to you to tell
people what is offensive to them right
if you put up a decoration in your house
and 40% of the people who have visited
your house were deeply offended and told
you so my god I'm really offended by
that whatever it is it doesn't have to
be a Confederate thing but if 40% of
your gas who you like in love and want
to be friends with their family or
whatever if 40% of them come into your
house and say I'm offended by that
wouldn't you give it a thought to change
your decorations I think you would if
you're a dick you're gonna argue that
the person shouldn't be offended
now all 40% of the people I know you
really shouldn't be that way so I'm just
gonna keep my decorations and I think
you need to get over it
well you could do that it's a free
country right and the 40 percent could
hate you for it it's a free country but
why why it's a decoration you can't get
rid of a decoration that it's offending
your family and your friends 40 percent
of them I mean it's pretty reasonable
pretty reasonable to get rid of that
thing you also hear the argument that
something like 25 percent somewhere in
that neighborhood of African American
citizens are in favor of keeping statues
the Confederate ones included so is that
an argument well look at look at that if
25 percent of them are okay with it it's
not about race but that's not the point
if 75 percent are deeply offended it
doesn't matter what it's about it
doesn't matter if it's about race it's
deeply offensive we can't get rid of
something that's deeply offensive let's
just be reasonable
somebody says Isis is also offended by
the statues um here's my notes full
Taliban so yes I'm completely aware that
if you allow people to get rid of
statues only because they're offensive
that you would end up getting rid of all
your statues is that okay sure yeah
that's okay
did you think I was going to be against
it nope nope not against it at all I'm
not to Wed two historical things if
they're offensive now the Taliban of
course were more about getting rid of
everything now I think where this statue
thing is going to go and it seems
obvious where this will go
I think you're going to have people
tearing down African American statues
eventually you'll have people saying oh
well if that one offends you I'm
offended by Martin Luther King so you're
gonna get you're gonna get some kind of
troll response yeah that's probably
where it'll all end up but here's the
thing the Taliban are pretty much you
know there's no exception bla bla bla
got to get rid of everything but getting
rid of the statues of slave owners that
doesn't feel like going too far to me
and frankly I don't care where it ends
up I have in favor of Juneteenth as a
national holiday but I would at least
want to give some consideration to the
following branding Juneteenth you know
that could be the name of it that's a
historical name and that's good but
maybe in addition to that it feels like
Independence Day version 2.0 doesn't it
you know in software version 1.0 is well
it works that's got a lot of bugs it's
sort of version 2.0 that you've got a
good chance of getting a good product
because they've worked through all the
bugs and you know the the July 4th
Independence Day was allegedly you know
a day of freedom but not so much right
if you were black it wasn't your
Independence Day which is the whole
point so it feels like it was
Independence Day version 2.0 was
Juneteenth you don't have to brand it
that way but it just feels that way that
that that was the upgrade that's when we
finally started getting it closer to
right still not completely right but a
lot closer
Mike Pence continues to impress me with
his ability to avoid causing trouble
yeah I've said this a bunch of times I'm
not a giant fan of Mike Pence I don't
think he should be President
like he doesn't doesn't quite fit for me
as president but as a vice president I
could not have more respect for the way
the man is him link his job as a vice
president I mean it's really tremendous
and again it's the dog that doesn't bark
right it's the problems he's not causing
he is really good at avoiding problems
and he was he was lured into this trap
yesterday in a some kind of a press
conference in which they were trying to
get him to do a public gaffe on the
black lives matter thing so the trick of
course is to try to get any prominent
Republican to to make them say the words
black lives matter in public and of
course Democrat you know and of course
Republicans want to say some version of
all lives matter and then that's the
trap so people could say ah ah ah you're
not willing to say the words black lives
matter racist obviously racist that was
an obvious trap Mike Pence knows it's a
trap and then he walks right into it all
right so I just told you wait Mike Pence
is really good at avoiding traps and he
walked right into this he walked right
into it
but here's how he got out and of course
the news doesn't doesn't like to focus
on you know the way he got out so you
have to read this story to find out his
actual wording and stuff but it's kind
of impressive the way he did it and I
wanna so here's the setup so he was
asked the question and he gave some
generic response but he didn't say yes
or no and he didn't use the words black
lives matter so the next press person
follows up
I guess it was anchor Bryan Taft and he
goes forgive me for pressing you on this
sir he says two pence but I will note
you did not say these words quote black
lives matter
don't you hate this deck he's such a
dick the best reporter because there's
no there's no news value in this
whatsoever he's not even pretending
there's news value in this he's just
trying to trap the president of the
vice-president in public and he's just
such a dick move and he goes people are
saying of course all lives matter but to
say the words is an acknowledgment that
black lives also matter at a time in
this country when it appears that
there's a segment of our society that
doesn't agree does it does it seem like
there's a segment of this
society that doesn't agree that black
lives matter really really can you show
me one person who would say that
I've never even been a racist who would
say black lives don't matter
like literally nobody there's yeah
there's a segment of the country they're
hiding pretty well because I mean
literally even racist don't say that
anybody doesn't matter well yeah that's
just nobody's mind all right
here is Mike Pence's quite impressive
response to that because the quote well
I don't accept the fact Brian now here's
the first thing that pence does first he
calls him by his first name
he's just so friendly right it's a small
thing but I don't think Trump does it
right Pence is just so smooth yes well I
don't accept the fact Brian so he
doesn't call the lie he doesn't say he's
a jerk
he doesn't call the call him a dick like
I just did he goes well I don't accept
the fact Brian that there's a segment of
American society that disagrees in the
preciousness and importance of every
human life oh wow
that is so good I mean you don't you
don't really realize how good it is
until you see what didn't happen which
is it didn't cause a problem Penn said
and it's one of the reasons why as we
advance important reforms and law
enforcement as we look for ways to
strengthen and improve our public safety
in our cities that were not going to
stop there
that's a really good answer that is such
a good answer it's friendly its
non-competitive it doesn't really it
he's simply instead of arguing with the
point he makes a defense of the human
population the same as I did he just
defended the population and said I don't
think there's somebody out there who
thinks that all life is an impression
and I thought to myself I don't know if
I've ever heard that have you have you
heard a national politician on this
topic not just say whether racism exists
system systemic racism exists you're
sort of arguing about the the racism
over here but pence took it all the way
back to root cause right and he said I
don't believe there's a segment of the
society who thinks all lives are not
precious and I thought to myself I've
never met anybody who didn't think that
have you I've never met anybody who
didn't think a life was precious
so Mike Pence man he just nails it and
it's like he's like a silent assassin
because it just doesn't really get the
attention because that's the way he
plays it he plays it without like he's
like the hype the he's like the high
board diver who does the perfect dive
and it doesn't doesn't leave a ripple in
the water he just got slices into the
water and you know did Mike Pence dive
into the water because I don't see a
ripple how do you do that all right so
in my ongoing effort to get canceled
I tweeted today that systemic racism
is a manipulation term which I reject
now of course I accept that black lives
matter of course now just so that I can
be part of the conversation without
distraction I always like to tack that
on first because if you say it directly
and you say it first
and I would recommend my technique , of
course because if you don't add the of
course you leave you leave some
suggestion that then maybe you just
arrived at that opinion or something
it's like well yesterday I wasn't so
sure but today yeah now that I think
about it black lives matter
so comma of course I like to add that to
eliminate what are we even talking about
like why would you even ask me that dumb
 question of course but here's what
my problem with systemic racism as a
phrase in my views racism is universal
and pervasive and it's in all things
everywhere wherever they're humans so
since humans are pattern recognition
machines but they're not good at it
they're subject to confirmation bias
they don't have the full story most of
the time we just don't so wherever there
are humans there is something like bias
you could call it racism but there's
always bias and so the fact that it also
exists in systems doesn't add as much to
your understanding as you would hope so
the first problem with systemic racism
as a phrase is that it's a manipulation
phrase it's a phrase of influence it's a
phrase of persuasion which is different
from a solution oriented description so
I've been pushing back on that phrase
because my problem with it is it doesn't
suggest solutions and in fact it kind of
makes you look away from where they
might be so it is a very subtle
manipulation because it suggests the
solution where it really shouldn't so in
other words it it moves you past the
sale into where you should be looking
for
solution but you really need to be back
on the sail you need you need to be
looking a little deeper that's my
problem with it let me let me say more
about that the problem is that if you
say there's systemic racism the second
part that usually is that it's a ripple
effect from slavery now I don't believe
there's anybody who would argue that the
legacy of slavery did not have a ripple
effect a strong one into the future and
the current that disadvantages or has
disadvantaged the black community
there's nobody who argues that right you
know the the legacy of slavery because
what was it Chappell who was saying that
his great-great I forget how many greats
but somebody that he knew in his
lifetime I think you know came from
slavery so it wasn't that long ago so
it's not that hard to imagine in fact
it's obvious that there's an economic
ripple effect but here's my problem with
framing it that way let's say you got
two kids one has an unlucky history and
now he's a poor kid today he has all the
disadvantages of poor kids today now
none of this was his fault he had
nothing to do with the his grandfather's
yeah it wasn't even born he had nothing
to do with choices they made he just
ended up here then there's another kid
also an unlucky history but let's say
it's a different kind different kind of
unlucky history but he wasn't there the
kid wasn't even born it's people who
came before him and did other things and
now he's a poor kid now you got two poor
kids which one which one gets the
reparations which one gets the
reparations because here's the thing it
doesn't matter why you got there and the
the systemic racism argument it's got
lots of features to it but one of the
main features is that it implies a
solution and that is persuasion because
the solution is implied in the framing
of the situation if you are to frame it
differently your solution would look
different here's how you would frame it
differently if your solution oriented
you would say doesn't matter how these
kids got here what's the difference how
they got here well I wasn't I wasn't a
slave owner I didn't cause this kid to
be poor I had nothing to do with it it
doesn't matter that his parents were you
know drug addicts and grandparents were
criminals or whatever happened had
nothing to do with this kid this kid was
just born that's all they did they were
just born which one is the favorite one
which one do we want to put our
attention on I would I would say that it
would be unambiguously racist to say
that the one who came from a specific
kind of history gets more help whatever
that looks like reparations I don't know
funding and the government whatever that
looks like that would be purely racist
to say that this person had one kind of
history that got him to this situation
this had another kind and all
coincidentally all the ones that are
like this are the same color that is
racist by definition so it's systemic
racism I don't know if it was created
for this purpose but it has the quality
of making you think past the details all
the way to the solution it's if you if
you don't study persuasion it's not as
obvious that it's a persuasion term and
not a descriptive term so let me say
this those who say there is systemic
racism I say to you you're thinking
small there is universal racism to
imagine that it's systemic limits it to
well it's in some situations it's not in
some situations it's in every situation
in which there are people it does it if
you replaced your system today with a
new system it would be just as racist
because all the people in it are racist
and it doesn't matter who they are
we are pattern
recognition machines but we're not good
at it so we're biased about everything
all the time right it's just it's just
the human condition we try to overcome
it with laws and rules and we tweak them
and we fix them and we study them and we
try to use our higher sense of Reason
for those who have a religious
upbringing maybe a higher moral sense
but we can we can fight pretty hard to
overcome our biases but we can't get rid
of them so let's be realistic about what
can and cannot happen and I think we're
just better off if we say you know God
I'm just I'm just so biased you know
you've seen this several times haven't
you how many how many african-american
people have you heard in your personal
life or in the media say something like
this I prefer the racist who were just
telling me the racist the ones who
bother me are the suburban soccer mom
who pretends she's not but is all right
how many black people have you heard say
that either in public or privately to
you it's fairly common right it's like I
can deal with honestly I can deal with
honesty it's actually simple to deal
with oh you've got this feeling well you
know good for you all I'll go over here
because I'd rather be with people who
don't feel like that or or how about
you're an idiot Bob about Bob you're an
idiot because you're a bigot and I've
got a PhD so you know that's great for
you Bob being a bigot how is your as
your GED because I got a PhD you know
imagining there's a black guy talking to
Bob so you should be able to just just
laugh about it
and kind of deal with it as a human
condition that you're trying as hard as
you can to use your better senses to
overcome but as soon as you start saying
well I don't have any racism but I'm a
good suburban mom well what do you do
with that
right what do you do with that if you
can't talk about it call it out and joke
about it complain about it do something
about it try something do something
different yeah you're tying yourself in
knots so there's my stand and I'll even
go further you want me to take it to
full cancellation here it goes full
cancellation for Scott possibly the last
time you'll ever experience coffee with
Scott Adams unless I'm hiding somewhere
and the victim another victim the the
witness protection program
here it comes I think it's child abuse
to tell a young person there is systemic
racism I think it's child abuse to tell
young black kids or any kids that
there's systemic racism even if there is
now if you're gonna argue but Scott
there is systemic racism I'm not arguing
that you can call it whatever you want
I've already said it's Universal
Universal is much bigger than your
little complaint about systemic you know
if you're gonna go small go small but
you know that's on you
I'm going big I'm saying everybody's a
racist all the time in every system all
the time you're saying there's this
little systemic racism thing that's a
component of that and okay but I'd
rather see the big picture not the small
picture here's my point we have science
which seems to clearly indicate that
people respond to other people's
expectations we know for example that if
you do an experiment in which you
randomly choose small kids and you say
hey you small kids you're the gifted
ones you're the you're the smart ones
that we're gonna put you in a special
class randomly chosen they are not the
smart ones literally randomly chosen
track them from a year their grades will
be better it's pretty consistent it can
be reproduced you tell kids they're
smart
they act smart they rise to their
expectations you tell kids that they're
not smart and they will they will lower
to that expectation kids kids need to be
told what they can and can't do and you
tell them you tell them directly
you tell them indirectly but they're
hearing it what can I do what does a kid
now kid doesn't know what they can do
doesn't know what they'll someday be
able to do they have no idea until they
can do it
so I would say that telling kids that
there is systemic racism and there's
this this hard to describe force you
know imagine you're a kid you don't
quite know what did all of it even means
if you tell them that you're telling
them your life will you know is gonna be
suppressed you've got this force working
against you now again if you're just
joining me I'm not saying whether the
the racism will hold people back or not
obviously it's a negative I'm not
arguing that it exists or doesn't exist
or as bad ones so that's not even part
of the conversation the conversation is
strategy that whether it exists or
doesn't exist what do you tell the kid
all right how about this
you're you've got some horrible problem
in your life you're an adult it's just
like a horrible problem do you tell a
small kid no no it doesn't matter if
it's true there are things you tell kids
and they're things you just don't tell
kids it doesn't matter if it's true
that's not how you managed children
because they don't help you know
obviously develop brains so if you raise
a kid to think that racism is going to
hold them back do you get the same
result as if you raised them to say oh
racism everywhere you're gonna slice
through that like it didn't exist which
one of them gets you a better result
overall every kid is different but
overall it's not a bit close and we know
this we know it completely we know
they're telling somebody that they will
be held back will hold them back and we
know that telling people that they are
not they're not limited by the problems
in life the problems are real but you're
not limited by them there's nothing that
makes that have to affect you in fact
the existence of racism necessarily
creates the strategic advantages
necessarily all right let me save more
about that if racism did not exist could
a black person to walk into any fortune
500 company and be almost guaranteed a
job so long as they have basic
qualifications that are you know
comparable to other people applying for
the job no they couldn't they could not
if if racism did not exist could a poor
black kid be pretty much guaranteed a
college scholarship so long as they get
good enough grades probably not probably
not so if you are a poor poor black kid
born into a family that says look here's
the deal
racism is everywhere you're not going to
be able to fix that but here's the cool
part because racism is everywhere it
opens up these you know lesser but still
perfectly acceptable you know lesser in
terms of number channels for you to
succeed and it's basically it's a
superhighway you know get out of the get
out of the forest walk over to the
superhighway this has free college and
you you're gonna get a good job and your
life it's gonna look really good
just walk over here here's the strategy
that works over there there's a strategy
that doesn't work does racism exist yeah
it's everywhere
well one affect you a bit I mean it'll
affect you in your social life and how
you feel about things it'll affect you
that way it's not going to stop your
income it's not gonna stop you from
getting married not gonna stop you from
having a good life not gonna stop you
from buying a house maybe there'll be a
little discrimination so it's everywhere
so you know maybe you get turned down
for an apartment and you don't know why
yeah that's going to happen because
racism everywhere but is there another
apartment yeah yeah wasn't like there
was one apartment it's not like yes I
like there you would be turned down so
many times you couldn't get a place you
probably hardly notice it so imagine if
you will the two approaches to a kid yes
this thing will hold you back or know
you have strategies a little slice
through it like it didn't exist and in
fact you can use it like judo you can
take the energy of it and use it in your
advantage one of them is child abuse and
one of them is good mentoring let me ask
you this you're an employer two
candidates come in for a job one of them
believes as systemic racism exists and
has been a big problem in their life one
of them believes that racism exists
everywhere there's just everywhere but
that this candidate he or she has good
strategies to overcome it or slice
through it which one do you hire do you
hire someone who believes that they're
under the yoke of systemic racism and
then you bring them into your company
how is that going to work out how's that
going to work out for you as an employer
nothing to do with being black nothing
to do with being black it's not a race
question if you brings me an employee
who believes the system is screwing them
I don't want I don't want to be anywhere
near that employee that employee is
going to sue you
they're already primed they're primed
for it do you think confirmation bias
will stop working the day you hire this
person no the person who believes that
systemic racism is the you know sort of
an organizing model of their world is
gonna see it everywhere begin they're
telling you they're telling you directly
I believe there is systemic racism
so sure are they gonna see it they're
gonna see it where it exists and also
where it doesn't and not because they're
black now because anything they're just
people the human condition is that
confirmation bias affects all of us all
the time you're not immune from it
nobody else so if you if you have
somebody who has a framework in their
head then they should expect that
confirmation bias will fill in the
framework and you're basically just
asking yourself to get sued down the
road so so keep that in mind if you go
looking for a job I don't think you want
anything on your social media history
that says you believe systemic racism is
holding you back now
if you were a white person and you said
systemic racism is bad it probably
wouldn't hurt you for a job interview it
might help you right I mean maybe if you
had a person of color who was
interviewing you they look at that and
say oh there's an open-minded person
I'll hire them but if you're black and
you come into a job interview with a
black employer how about this you it's a
black hiring manager and a black
candidate and one of the candidates
actually let's say all three of them are
black just keep it easy - black
candidates and one black hiring manager
and one of the candidates says racism
systemic racism is a problem in their
life and the other one says well racism
is everywhere but it's not bothering me
you know who do you hire I'm it's a
no-brainer
all right let's see the other thing that
a systemic racism does is that it forces
you to look in one place for solutions
doesn't it so what do Republicans say is
the problem with a black community I'm
not a Republican so I'm just summarizing
those views I think most of them would
say that if you get the family unit
right then other things work out
I feel that's a little simplistic all
right so I'm not on board with the the
strong family unit is the the secret to
success because I think that only works
for some people in some situations and
what it does it works great
I'm very jealous of anybody who can you
know make the strong family unit work so
it makes sense that people have made it
work for themselves and their friends
they would say hey this work for us you
should try it I just don't think it
translates into every situation so maybe
you need something better but here's the
thing if you say systemic racism racism
is the the organizing thing that you're
working on where do you look for your
solutions at the system right if you
think that systemic racism is the
problem you would look at the system's
because it it manipulates you to look
past the question of where the problem
is and where is the best place to fix it
it makes you think past that - Oh which
systems are we working on right so
that's why it's manipulative and it's a
persuasion term it's not a healthful
term it's not a problem solving term
it's a political term that's intended to
get your emotions up and - and I don't
know if it's intended but it makes you
look in the wrong place and what I say
buy the wrong place is one place in
particular maybe it's not the wrong
place it's just it forces you to look in
one place I would rather say what could
you do with let's say schools and
families and early education and stuff
because wouldn't you say that by the
time the kid is 18 it doesn't matter
what the other systems are doing he's in
trouble if the entire problem is caused
by the time the kid graduates high
school or drops out of high school if
all of the problems are baked into that
person by that point in other words they
didn't get the education and then you
know they've got a jail record or
whatever it is
they're on drugs of course that's gonna
ripple into the future there's nothing
you could do
fixing the system that's gonna fix any
of that so I feel that calling it a
systemic racism makes you look away from
the first 18 years of life even though
the school is a system but you don't see
people talk about that as much right
schools a system your your early family
life system but that's not what they're
talking about is it you know of course
the schools are worse in the inner
cities and I do think that needs to be
fixed but systemic racism makes you look
in the wrong place that said as I said
before the one place it just stands out
is in the justice system it really it
really stands out there and I think that
if you say hey the justice system is
creating these unequal outcomes what do
we do about that I would say oh that's
worth looking into
nobody wants unequal outcomes there's
nobody has that as an objective so if
you say we're not we're not getting
equal outcomes in theory you have every
white person in the world on your side
on day one okay look at this unequal
outcomes what white person says oh
that's the way I wanted it I wanted it
to be unequal outcomes nobody nobody
zero people have that opinion so if
there's a statistical measurable problem
yeah you got all the help in the world
fixing that and I've suggested for
example that if you have unequal
outcomes in the justice system then
maybe there was a way to anonymize the
information that the judge used give
that to some independent people who
can't tell the race or ethnicity of the
person involved and just have them see
hey wait a minute this decision is an
aligned with the average even
considering all the extenuating
circumstances and the and the the prison
record of the person etc then maybe you
could get rid of racism if some way you
could anonymize it and have a you know
an external people you know bring bring
things back to the norm so there are
lots of ways to deal with
problems with your system and I'm all
for it
but calling it a systemic racism as the
unifying principle is misleading and
ultimately racist actually yeah
unintentionally all right I feel like
just a broken record on all these topics
unequal inputs create unequal outcomes
someone says yes that's true
but unequal systems would do that as
well somebody said did hotep Jesus block
me if so why the answer is no he made a
public joke about blocking me which you
should have recognized as a joke I did
see him blocking people for not being
smart enough to know it was a joke so I
guess you're lucky you got away without
getting blocked so no Hotel Jesus and I
have no reason that either of us was
blocking the mis-predictions for Tulsa
today Wow
let me tell you let me answer that by
telling you my experience last night so
last night I went to dinner at a
restaurant in my town for the first time
yet in my town for the first time it and
rubber early on in the pandemic I was
suggesting that the restaurants that
could would close the street so that
they could move their seeding into the
street and it would be you know just our
door saving for the summer at least
until the weather changes it might work
now I suggested that to the you know one
of the leading restaurant tours and my
town friend of mine and I think he took
it to the town but in any case last
night Main Street was blocked off and
going forward I think I don't know if
it's every weekend might be it might
only be weekends I'm not sure yet but
so it and I went to Nate in the middle
of Main Street so that the tables were
spaced out now here is my experience I
don't think that more than one in three
people had masks on last night it was a
crowd situation because even though the
the restaurant thought it was extending
its table sitting into the street that's
not what the public thought so when when
you imagine this you say to yourself oh
that sounds pretty good
the B seats outside the weather's great
the weather was perfect seats in the
street but it's a really nice Street you
know but it's perfect seating really and
you think and you imagine that you're
like oh we're all sitting at her tables
with lots of distance that sounds very
pleasant but it turns out that the
residents who were not there to eat of
which there are many just walking about
decided that it was a street fair a
street fair
meaning that crowds of people were in
and among the tables and the table I was
at was right next to some Bros some
white Bros you know some 20-somethings
who talked too loudly when their friends
come by you know what that is right
here's here is a forty something when
their friend comes by unexpectedly hey
Bob I haven't seen you in a while all
right now here's the 20 year old bro
when he sees his friend he hasn't seen
in a while and then his friend sees him
and goes and they both shout as hard as
they can but they they try to get the
deep the deep manly shouts oh and it
becomes a whole like Simeon you know
ape-like situation where they're all
trying to be louder and more aggressive
and slapping each other harder or
hugging each other harder
chicken Ian's Howard and and you know
establishing their territory and trying
to alpha up and stuff so as a result you
know there were four of the bros right
next to us and they were really loud and
then their friends come over now their
friends are standing around the table
and starting to crowd our table and
they're really really loud and then
another group of their friends come and
the next thing I mean I'm basically you
know right on the edge of a large group
of large men who are effectively none of
the met masks zero masks and the entire
group none of them were quarantine
together and they all just came to this
one table so there was like now there
were a million different contacts all
represented at the table right next to
me and they were all shouting drunk I
don't know if they're all drunk but
they're all shouting like drugs
and it just went on for like 40 minutes
now was I exposed to the coronavirus yes
yes I was and I thought about what do
you do in this situation because I
should have walked down right I mean for
safety reasons I should have just walked
out but I didn't want to penalize the
restaurant and I didn't want to pay and
not eat I mean the whole point was I
wanted to go ahead so my my personal
restaurant experience was completely
ruined by loud bros who were trying to
kill me because they didn't have any
risk
the young people didn't really have any
risk but they didn't give a that I
did let me tell you and there was a one
older guy that was with the other guys
and he was like hey don't touch me don't
touch me but he didn't have a mask on
either so he said he's probably dead
we'll never see him again that guy died
anyway the point is what I when I
witnessed last night was almost complete
destruction of the medical
recommendations and I don't know how
much that was unique to the situation
but I kind of feel like it wasn't unique
and while Trump supporters might be
really good at wearing
masks because I imagine they'll probably
be handing them out at the I'd be real
surprised if there are not you know mega
face masks although that would be a
terrible idea because then people would
wear them in public later and then they
get their ass kicked so I hope they
don't have those unless they're generic
but it could be I don't know I so first
of all I think that nobody is nobody's
taking it seriously in California at
least in my area and by the way the
police the police were there so you know
California you're supposed to have a
face mask as of the other day you're
supposed to have a face mask in these
crowded public areas all the time the
police were right in the middle of that
crowded area and we're not enforcing
anything nor do I think they could have
so I'm not blaming them I don't think
they had really an option to do anything
though the entire street was filled with
maskless people there were two cops what
could they do so you assume the risk
that is correct you do assume the risk
what do you call a gathering of Bros a
bunch of twenty-something white guys we
talk too loud and you know they like
sports young guys don't care it's
rampant yeah I would say that young
males certainly are not going to be
wearing masks not uni I'm looking at
your comments so similar all right
that's it for today and I will talk to
you tomorrow