hey is everybody watching the Super Bowl
because this is the uh the boring uh
wait before the halftime there's
absolutely nothing on television right
now so come in here and uh hear my
review of the new Mike covich film hoax
which I just finished today
soon as we get a thousand I'll talk
about it but first will you join me in
the simultaneous sip the second one of
the
day good stuff all
right so um let me start with my bias
going into this so before I watched the
the film
hoax um I had low expectations for the
following reasons number one I'm in it
and I thought to myself well if I'm in
this thing how good could it be uh and I
thought well the things I said were not
that spectacular so you know how good
can this movie be and I also thought to
myself I feel like I know what it's
going to be about it's going to be the
mo you know the the news is fake and
there'll be examples and and then I'll
think uh you know I kind of knew that
so going
in the only thing I knew about it is
that the production values were
excellent cuz I'd seen the trailers so
the trailers looked amazing and I'd also
been hearing privately from a lot of
people so a lot of people had been dming
me to say they hadd already seen it and
100% of them said it was great that they
really enjoyed it but I thought well I
don't know if I trust them maybe they
just like the message or they like
cernovich or something and and and of
course he's a firsttime um firsttime
filmmaker so I thought well how good can
it be right so I started watching it and
I I'll skip to the end it it's a
freaking Masterpiece it's really really
good and I'll tell you this about it so
that you can watch it for maximum
enjoyment oh somebody saying it's his
second film um to watch you for maximum
enjoyment I'm going to I'm going to
reveal a little bit without giving
anything away all right what I'm going
to reveal without giving away any plot
is that the last third of it and maybe
the last 15
minutes make sure that you lock the door
turn off all of your
devices and just make sure that you're
watching that last 10 minutes without
any interruption
it'll blow your mind now the thing that
you'll also not realize is that the
entire first 2third of the film are
setting you up for a
finish that is one of the best I've ever
seen in any form it's
spectacular so uh once you understand
that the first part is is they're
basically softening you up you know
getting you into a frame of thinking and
you think you know where this mov is
going and then holy hell uh I'll tell
you a couple other things um that
surprised me so the the last two
speakers in the film and again I don't
want to give too much away but one is
Jordan
Peterson
and he reached into my brain and
reprogrammed it in real time I've never
I don't think I've ever experienced
anything quite that dramatic in terms of
having somebody just reframe my brain
you know while I was while I was
experiencing it it was the damnest
thing uh and then Stefan uh mullu
does does an extended piece that is so
good I mean it's just so good that you
just have to see it and the two of those
pieces fit together for the the best
movie ending I think I've seen in years
probably of any type not just
documentary it's truly mind-blowing now
I'll tell you one other little trick if
you have the
option to watch the last 10 15 minutes
of It
Outdoors um and I was doing it on the
beach so I was just on a secluded beach
by myself well it was secluded because
the weather was bad not because it was
secluded um but there weren't weren't
any other people around and I was
outdoors and I was looking at the ocean
and it was this beautiful uh landscape
and then I experienced the end of this
movie and I swear to God it's just
mindblowing and you just won't know
where it's going until you get to the
end so um I would say very
rarely have I felt as much from a
film um somebody's asking me if I cried
uh
yes about 5 minutes after I was done
which is unique while it was happening I
was just sort of blown away but um like
5 minutes later I actually teared up
after it was over so it's it's uh
incredibly well done so here's here's
the part that is
interesting I didn't think you could
craft as much of a let's say a story
arc as this does you know I thought it
was going to be sort of a straight
forward hey here's a bunch of fake news
here's a bunch of fake news and it
starts out like it's going to do that
but man you have to don't be interrupted
the last 10
minutes
um it's it's it's well done on I would
say every level from from directing to
writing to you know just the way they
pieced it together to create a a higher
level
feeling um it's the thing this thing
operates on several levels and I'm not
sure everybody's going to pick up all
the levels but it's it's pretty
transforming somebody says do I get
royalties I do not no um I'm just one of
the people interviewed in the movies in
the movie anyway so if you get a chance
to check it out you'd really be doing
yourself a favor how did it transform me
um again I don't want to give away to
too much but I'll just tell you that the
Jordan Peterson
part I he I think he changed my
religious
filter in in like just a couple
minutes he he said something so profound
that I'd never really heard put in those
words that it made me question yeah it
was just it was it was just
mindbending uh and you know I'd listen
to a lot of him before and I hadn't
heard him talk about the topic that he
talked about on this I've seen quite a
bit of his clips on YouTube and stuff so
that's all I needed to say I'm going to
keep it short the Super Bowl halim's on
let's go watch that talk to you later