really do to to to bum bum bum bum bum
what you have your unusually delicious
beverage handy because this is the time
that all sexy smart people know to have
their beverage because it's time for
coffee with Scott Adams and the
simultaneous sip here it comes
oh oh that's good stuff
so let's talk about North Korea you all
are up on the story your president Trump
said he was going to walk away from the
summit because pence was well let me
back up a little bit I've been saying
that Mike Pence is one of our better
vice presidents and the reasoning is he
just didn't break anything he's really
good in public he you know he's
professional he's you know he he's he's
just a very smooth politician in a good
way so I've been saying yeah he's just
like a perfect vice president he's he's
boring but he doesn't break anything and
that's really all you asked for then he
went on television and talking about
North Korea at a very delicate time made
a reference to Libya which sounds like
regime change
ouch as mistakes go that's sort of a 10
and a 10 right so gonna call it like it
is gigantic persuasion mistake it's like
as big as you can get you know short of
actually starting a war that's right up
there
so yeah they said Libya if they don't
behave so here's the problem we're
trying to put in the heads of North
Korea and
in particular the idea that we can
guarantee their safety that were
credible people we want them to think
about their their awesome future in
which they don't get destroyed in war
and have a good economy and stuff and
just even bringing up the Libya thing in
any context whatsoever is bad bad
persuasion
now you can say you can make the same
point in a better way so the point is if
we don't find peace things could turn
bad fire and fury our nuclear weapons
are more powerful than yours that's what
the president says so the president
doesn't right Trump says stuff like you
know our we're more ready than we've
ever been for military action alright so
these are just objective statements of
truth totally good persuasion over here
destruction by our gigantic army we
certainly don't want that over here
peace prosperity North Korea is doing
great
perfect persuasion you notice also that
the president is the weirdly just about
the only person on the planet earth who
is not North Korean who has not insulted
Kim jong-un in the last 30 days right so
president Trump the most famous you know
insulter of all times who all of his
critics say no he's impulsive he's
impulsive he's impulsive he doesn't even
do any thinking he just sees people and
then insults start skewing Anathoth it's
like there's no brain there just do I
see a person oh there's a person you
you're fat you you're ugly and stupid
that's President Trump right there good
imitation I think
seem but what we observe is that when
insulting somebody is useful such as
running for office low-energy jab useful
crooked Hillary useful a little Rocket
Man useful back then what is useful for
the past thirty days what's useful is a
you treat Kim jong-un with respect while
he's doing things that you know could
work in everybody's favor you might not
like it you might still have your
private thoughts about about kim jong
hoon
but this isn't really the time for
insults and I think that Pence's
reference to Libya even though it's not
a personal insult is really close to one
it's disrespectful in a way that's
essentially an insult okay the president
doesn't make that mistake how is it that
the president has gone so long without
insulting kim jong hoon i don't
understand that it's breaking all my
ideas about the world because he doesn't
think he insults everybody but at the
very time that you should not insult
anybody he's the only person who seems
smart enough not to do that it's luck
it's probably lock yes john bolton made
the same libya mistake the slight
difference and it's not a big one it's a
slight difference is that bolton did it
earlier you know that that makes a
little difference but also bolton has
always been the bad cop so it was a
mistake when Bolden did it but a
slightly lesser mistake than when pence
did it because of timing and who pence
is you know pence should be more aligned
with trump who is trying to be good cop
in this all right so I think pence
dropped the ball on this but
in the end it didn't make any difference
because you know as we learn what what
was really happening behind the scenes
North Korea wasn't cooperating they were
they weren't showing up for meetings to
plan the summit they hadn't really
offered anything or at least enough so
it was just a good time for a walk away
so that gave us they gave us an excuse
to just do a little milder reboot and it
looks like the reboot may have been good
because North Korea as of today started
communicating more and President Trump
responded positively because do you know
why President Trump responded positively
to North Korea's positive you know
communication to them in the last day do
you know why I don't know why there's a
lock again I don't know why why does
this keep happening seem so let me give
you my theory of how we got to this
point because you may be wondering why
is it that North Korea keeps saying oh
yeah denuclearization no problem and
then when it comes down to it we can't
we can't get them to actually agree to
denuclearization even though they see
they keep saying it I think it's this I
think it might be as weird as it sounds
it's a version of eonni and Laurel and I
think this is what happened just
speculation all right I believe that
every time that kim jeong-hoon
talks about denuclearization he either
says directly or he means this in
context yes I would like to be part of
all countries denuclearizing but then he
says I'd like to denuclearize and then
president moon of South Korea says he
wants to denuclearize and I think he's
serious he actually wants to
so it takes that to American says he
told me he wants to denuclearize and he
and I believe he meant it and then we
checked with him hey you know what's up
with what's up with this do you want to
denuclearize and then Kim says I very
much want to denuclearize I'm totally
committed to denuclearizing with you
know the rest of the world that's
exactly like not denuclearizing because
the rest of the world isn't going to get
rid of their nukes so it seems to me
that either president moon and the
United States simply heard him
differently than what he is clearly
saying whenever you see his full
comments kim's full comments in context
there's always that little clause about
yeah you know denuclearizing the rest of
the world I'm all in that's not really
what we had in mind I think people are
just hearing it that way but I also
would think there's a possibility that
president moon of South Korea knew that
we weren't talking about the same thing
and got both sides a little bit pregnant
you know told Kim yeah the Americans
seem to like your offer
let's talk that's not what happened
because we didn't like his real offer
we like the offer we thought we heard or
wanted to hear that he might
denuclearize you know on his own and
then I think you know I think both sides
simply heard the version they wanted to
hear moon may have known that that they
weren't talking the same language but
here's here's my charitable opinion of
President moon he might be the smartest
player in the game pretending to be not
the smartest player in the game kind of
a Kaiser Soze situation if you know that
reference because if why he did
was take this little bit of bad
communication and the Yanni and Laurel
and said yeah you guys are practically
on the same page let's talk getting us
to the point of talking is a huge
freaking deal and then let me and let me
revise you know my thoughts on this if
it turns out the president moon was
saying you know
president Trump deserves that Nobel
Peace Prize if this works out let's all
get together let's talk yeah it's really
President Trump he's doing everything
here but I'm glad we got to this point
where we're practically on the same page
let's get in the same meeting if he did
that and he knew that we were not on the
same page but he knew that talking gets
you to the next stage where you might
get on the same page
at least talking is a step ahead if he
did that and he knew what he was doing
smartest guy in the game maybe smartest
guy in the game and Nobel prize-worthy
I don't know if he shares it or not but
you got to say that if he if that's the
way he played it pretty darn smart now
it's also possible that the United
States and I feel this is the case
notice that Kim jong-un did not quite
offer what we need him to offer but also
saw as an excuse to start talking so we
may be pretending we're hearing him
differently just to get in the room just
to just to get the ball rolling just to
get the communication going so I think
there's a lot of pretending that we
shouldn't assume is what the the players
are actually thinking
now in terms of China's involvement in
all this you know we know that China
called Kim jong-eun in to talk to him
and then it seems like things went from
progress to less progress and people
assume that something happened in that
conversation and what did happen I think
maybe all that happened just speculation
is that China was flexing its muscle and
it felt sort of sidelined in the
conversations and just wanted to make
sure that nobody missed the fact that
China is the biggest player in that part
of the world so I think China just
needed to do a little body check before
North Korea and Trump and South Korea
went often made a deal without their
involvement so I believe that was just
to make sure their part of the deal it
might not be on anything consequential
but we'll find out so that's where I'm
honored that now there's an interesting
thing happening as we watch President
Trump restrained his insults about North
Korea correctly one of the biggest
complaints about Trump is that he would
influence people with his course
language and he is his his mannerism
they he would influence citizens to
become worse they would just start
acting like him and they would start
insulting and being bad people and I
thought to myself there's something
wrong with that analysis because in my
world people are kind of turds to begin
with or anything it seems to me that
there's nothing that President Trump did
that turned good people and the bad
people but if you look at his critics
and the critics of his supporters
they're horrible
they're terrible you know I'm dealing
with online and even in person but are
we to believe the president trumpet
turned all of his critics into horrible
people or did they start that way you
know I don't know
now I thought the worry was from his
critics that president Trump would turn
his supporters into bad people I don't
know that they've changed I haven't
noticed anything different some are bad
some are not some returns some are not
but but every time I see his critics
acting exactly like him I say to myself
I don't think you know how to criticize
here's how not to criticize that orange
cheeto he should stop insulting people
that's not the way you do it if you want
to criticize somebody for insulting you
say you know I believe we should be
nicer to people
it wasn't hard here's how to do it wrong
orange Hillier stupid idiot who makes
impulsive decisions will ruin the world
he should stop being unkind to people
it's weird
so there was a article I tweeted around
about the apparently America the lot of
other countries are having fewer
children and this is a problem because
we're not replacing our population and
if immigration is down we've got a
problem well that's a and people are
saying what is the reason that that the
birthrate is down in the United States
and I'm thinking to myself what is the
reason that the birthrate is down in the
United States
how many frickin reasons do you want now
there's a whole bunch of reasons that
people will offer and I see them going
by already you know so I and pollutants
and lower testosterone and so there are
whole bunch of reasons that just sounded
like people want to have less sex but
that's not really the reason that the
birthrate is down because mostly the
birthrate is people planning to have
children so even if you're eating soy
and you're testosterones down and you
know all those things you're still gonna
have children you know they're people
are not infertile so I think that might
be some part of the problem that there's
lower fertility but probably not the big
part here's the big part a hundred years
ago having a child was an economic asset
you were creating these little slaves
who would work on your farm and then
take care of you one year old so every
child was like printing money it didn't
didn't cost much for them to live with
you they just added to the they added to
your workforce fast-forward to today a
child is an enormous economic burden
that's the opposite of what it used to
be and and that burden is bigger instead
of working for you and making your
less kids are kind of in charge these
days so the parents are working for the
child if you say to me Scott if you have
a child with somebody that child will be
like your little free slave who will do
work for you take care of you when
you're old will respect you and violet
here's the best part if they don't
respect you you could beat the
animal I'm not recommending that all
right I'm telling you what people would
say in the old days 100 years ago yeah
if they don't respect you
you just you just beat them until they
do it's sort of easy problem solved
I'm not recommending that I'm not saying
we should go back to that let's let's be
clear about context I'm just saying
that's what it was so if you were a
parent a hundred years ago having a kid
pretty good deal good economics they'll
respect you or you'll punish them until
they do you know you didn't have to pay
much for them you didn't have to buy
them a smartphone you know they didn't
walk past you with with earphones on
they didn't mock you to your face they
didn't tell you that you have to give
them things and drive the places they
didn't live in your house and you know
after they were old having kids used to
be a pretty darn good deal that's why
people did it today
it's kind of a terrible deal and if you
ask people who've had kids they'll say
yeah you know you should have kids too
it's great you know it's a lot of work
and frustration but it makes my life so
so so much more fulfilled and then check
back in a month and there's a 50% chance
they're divorced and their entire life
is ruined because they're not married
but they have kids and they have an
ex-wife so getting married today when
divorce is easy and kids are nightmares
of just a lot of work still people will
say yeah I'm glad I had them because of
how it makes me feel and people would
have had kids that are you know not
turds they do love their kids and the
kids respect them and yeah that happens
but having kids who are in charge of
parents and cost a lot of money and suck
up all their free time and all their
happiness while we're working too hard
and coming home exhausted it's just not
a good deal like it used to be all right
but please have children because we need
them yeah yeah in the Dilbert comic I
had a punch line not too long ago in
which somebody said they what they love
their kids but they don't like them I
hear that all the time I'm not going to
name names but I know quite a few
parents who would say I totally love my
kids well I don't like him I don't like
him even a little bit I don't even like
to be in the same room with them I'm not
saying that about being I'm saying
that's you know you all know people like
that I'm not sure that we ever heard
that in 100 years ago yeah and then
there there's always the people the most
annoying people in the world are the
ones who tell me that good parenting
fixes all the stuff I'm talking about
you people bothered me more than just
about anything in the world bothers me
because that's confirmation bias there
are people who have children who are
just naturally well-behaved they have
ambition there they're respectful and
there's not much you could do that would
change them either way other people have
children who are let's call them normal
who see that they have all the power and
people who have power are corrupted and
children have power you know try to have
you tried to take a kid's cell phone
away from them try to take a
thirteen-year-old cell phone away you
can do it you can do it and you know
what you'll hate every minute of it
because you can't call your kid on a
cell phone you can't text them
so we don't even have punishments that
aren't just punishments to yourself
parents can't you can't physically do
anything to the kid you know without a
pretty big risk and you can't punish
them enough in a way that doesn't punish
you more there's just nothing you can do
I know somebody who was grounded for a
year was actually locked in a room
without a phone for a year because every
time they let her out she did things
that her parents were not happy with and
so they said well I'm going to apply
some good parenting we will lock her in
a room until she behaves she never never
behaved in the way they wanted her to
they locked her in a room for a year
that's not that's real an actual year
you know they they checked with her once
a while but she was basically unwilling
to be managed and that's not unusual
it's not unusual somebody says make it
two years and I think she aged out of it
is the problem yeah my nephew ran away
when his mom took his cell phone that's
sort of what happens all right I'm gonna
be back on at 9:30 my time which is
12:30 Eastern Time I'm going to be back
on if all goes well I'll be talking with
hawk Newsom about institutional racism
we'll talk about some of the things that
are in the headlines and I'll be using
the the win hub interface app to connect
with it if you don't already have it
this is my my startups app it's called
interphase by a web hub it's available
for free anywhere that you get apps and
it'll be 12:30 Eastern Time
approximately assuming everything goes
well and all looking your questions but
mostly I have some questions of my own
now I will be calling Hawk he will be
listed as an expert and he will set a
price so I'll actually be paying for his
expertise so that's what the app is for
it's anybody who has expertise you don't
know you they could just set their own
price I told them to set his price at
$100 an hour I think he's worth a lot
more than that but for today's purposes
100 dollars now I think his market price
should be around 250 an hour because I
imagine a lot of you know news people a
lot of a lot of people would want to
talk to him because his his insight into
black lives matter and all all issues
around that are uniquely insightful yeah
somebody else is saying $500 an hour I
that's not an end of the I don't think
that's end of the realm at all yeah it's
called an interface buy went up because
here's the thing if you were let's say
you were doing in prison reform you're
doing urban renewal there you just want
to make sure you've got all the
perspectives so what is cheaper to you
know fly across the world and have a
meeting with somebody who could talk to
you or to just pick up the interface app
and talk to somebody for $100 an hour
you know you might talk for 15 minutes
get everything you need 25 bucks all
right do I get a cut
no so we the creators of the app have
not designed it so that we get anything
for these transactions so the only way I
would get directly money on the app is
if I sign up as an expert and somebody
pays me the way we make money is that
the tokens within the app
way you pay each other they don't they
don't have real value as far as cash
value until a lot of people are using
the app right so if only a few people
use the app people are paying each other
with our internal web tokens and they
can't cash them in because it hasn't
taken off enough as it takes off then we
can get listed on a crypto exchange
we've already put it in our applications
for that and whenever the crypto
exchange says oh yeah we want to we want
to list you because you're a serious
serious ICO or do you got that an app
that's working and it's got traction so
they want to put the real ones on the
exchange once we're on an exchange then
you can turn our tokens into other
crypto and in cash as you like somebody
says that my done writing books I don't
know I always think I'm done until I
write the next one so I'm updating win
Bigley right now for the paperback
version just updating him and I'm going
to sign off now and I will talk to all
of you
12:30 Eastern Time 9:30 Pacific bye for
now