all right hey this thing working this
thing working I've been down that good
what what how about now that good huh
what what's your wait am I supposed to
be looking Am I is the camera on are we
good
did we start oh hi hi uh-huh
is this working this is working where do
you put the phonograph in is this taping
can I get it okay what's this dark we're
starting now okay does this is this good
is this good back further okay got it
okay I think it's going well so far
I'm totally real Jill Biden and you can
tell that I'm totally real except
possibly in the ear area is not so
totally real
but 98% of me especially in the forehead
area a little bit of the bridge of the
nose totally real now I only leave my
basement for two reasons either to go to
either go to memorial dates observations
cemeteries or to visit the cartoonist
studio what do they have in common
heroes heroes that's right I will only
leave my basement for heroes and that's
why I'm here today in the Dilber guys
studio now let me tell you about this
this guy this orange guy this president
this I don't know I don't even want to
use his name
who is this guy anyway let me tell you
about her music look he's a damn liar
he's damn liar he needs to tell the
truth don't take my word for it ask the
n-double-a-cp
they endorsed me seven hundred and fifty
three times
that's called leadership now like that
other guy now since you brought it up I
have never never never never never never
never never never never never never
taking the african-american vote for
granted and you know that's real because
of the number of times I said never a
liar would have stopped at two maybe
three Nevers but if you were paying
attention
I shot bass past three way past three
Nevers I was into I don't know man what
ten maybe twelve million something like
that I don't know somewhere in that area
so let me tell you yes you know I'm
always going to give it to you straight
now like that time in the hallway sort
of snuck up on it but that's a whole
different situation allegedly now if you
don't like Joe Biden I say first of all
take a look at Joe Biden take a look at
Joe Biden if you don't like what you see
hopefully the other guy well please vote
by mail that's all I'm going to ask
don't ask me why just vote by mail but
that doesn't matter who you vote for it
really don't ask why and it's a pretty
good system you better vote by mail
otherwise the coverts given get you it's
gonna get you so you better vote by mail
it's a good system
now the president needs to the lead he
needs to listen to the scientist he
needs to tell the truth I'm not going to
stoop to his level instead I'm gonna
make generic statements such as we have
to prepare for the second wave
a lot of people are unemployed folks
last leadership that's the kind of
generic statement that will make America
very similar to how it was not great
because that would be a little bit
racist buts just sort okay you know not
bothering anybody
well I'm let me give you some more
valuable valuable policy advice where
bass wash your hands see this is the
kind of leadership that we need
otherwise the whole country is going to
go around with dirty hands what kind of
world is that my god man what else will
we stop washing
if we stop washing our hands what's next
Putin would love that wouldn't he oh he
would he would anyway let me summarize
with the list of all the things that's
wrong with that man whose name I will
not use who's occupying temporarily
temporarily until I beat him like a drum
the Oval Office these are all the
reasons orange me in bed because number
one the lollygagging I think you'd agree
there was way too much lollygagging way
too much there's a lot of tomfoolery the
malarkey oh my Mara the malarkey the
malarkey is out of control the fiddle
faddle is through the roof number five
oh you know you know the thing and
number six Camelot controls my food so I
have to say whatever she wants I'm
hearing a bell that means my food is
ready
I'd like to stay longer because you know
I like to
stay to the end I'm usually the last guy
who leaves but if I don't go now I might
not get to eat so I'm gonna have to
excuse myself bye for now thanks for
coming by Joe I really appreciate that
okay all right yeah I hope I did a good
job
sorry I'll take over now yeah all right
I'll see myself out
yeah if you can find the door go down
the stairs all right all right yeah so
that's the door that's the bathroom
this bathroom the other one down the
stairs all right all right I got it
yeah all right that was a nightmare
that guy that was a nightmare let's talk
about all the things that are happening
stock market's up right the stock
market's way up property values or
actually a little bit up I think I think
we're on track for the biggest recovery
ever if there's one thing that you need
to understand about the economy it's
that it's a self-fulfilling wish as long
as you don't have any shortages and we
don't have shortages so we can actually
will ourselves into a better economy and
we have the the very best president for
that specific task
xiu'er the president's done a few things
this week that maybe even you wouldn't
have done I think maybe in this
political season he may have found a way
to go a little bit too far in a few few
items but who would you rather have as
your president when you're trying to do
a quick recovery he's sort of the
perfect personality for that and if you
look at the stock market it really looks
like the people with money are buying
into Trump's vision
of a fairly speedy recovery so that
parts looking good but we have to talk
about
do you ever laugh at things you're not
supposed to laugh at and then you feel
bad about it as soon as you do I feel
like I should change the subject now so
you don't know what I was laughing about
because I'll be a bad person can we do
let's just stipulate them a bad person
so we can just we can you just get to
the topic but so so you know I always
tell you that Trump has a way of picking
the only path that you didn't know was
even a path you know if it looks like
there are two choices well he's got to
go this way I'm just gonna go that way
there's only two choices and then
suddenly you'll be like plowing through
a wall and there'll be a whole new path
that you didn't even know it was the
path and and I think he did it again and
I'm not necessarily in a way that you
should be happy about but it's so
quintessential so as you know he's the
president accused is accusing via tweet
joe scarborough of murder for the
tragedy death of someone who worked in
his office who by all credible accounts
had some heart problem collapsed hit her
head just an accident now it turns out
and i didn't know this until just
recently she was married and her her
widow or widower yeah widower husband
wrote a very well written and passion
letter to the president saying that he
felt it was his duty to protect the the
memory and sort of the reputation of his
late wife as part of his commitment to
the marriage which he considered to you
know last beyond her passing now it was
a really good letter in terms of having
the emotion and the power and everything
and all he asked he was asking i think
he was asking you would he write into to
twitter and he was asking that they just
removed those tweets pretty reasonable
thing to ask
except it's the president and if the
president says anything it's kind of
part of the record it's really different
and I don't think you can compare a
federal or any politician really I don't
think you can compare the politicians to
the regular people I almost feel like
the politicians are the only ones who
should never be able to delete anything
you know you know maybe they can flag it
as I didn't mean it or something but it
seems like you should be able to just
always go back and see the actual
unfiltered record of a politician so
that's independent of the question of
whether the president should be using
this particular topic as a club as
effective as it might be and
entertaining in its own way
it is very unkind to these surviving
family members
yeah there's no way around that but so
the president is at the doing his press
conference today and of course he gets
that question and and somebody asked had
he seen the letter from the the widowed
husband now I don't know if the
president saw that letter but maybe the
answer he gave was that third path like
through the wall because you thought at
this point either you sort of had to
apologize or say I didn't mean it but
instead he goes right at it and he says
well yeah I would think that all the
family members would have some questions
of their own and he goes and and he just
completely commits to it now the thing
that makes me laugh and I don't feel
good about it all right don't be like me
you're you're good people apparently I
have low character because I can't stop
laughing and how ridiculously audacious
and inappropriate it is especially
coming from the president yeah it would
be terrible coming for anybody but when
it comes from him
it takes on this whole other meaning of
course and but part of what makes it
irresistible is that you know he doesn't
mean it
I mean you know that right
you know that Trump doesn't mean a word
of it that he doesn't mean there's
anything to the story and that's I think
why he can get away with it because it's
so transparently obviously he doesn't
even believe it and it's just something
to say to make people chase their tails
and talk about and talk about how Joe
Scarborough may or may not be a murderer
it's just about the funniest prank I've
ever seen anybody play in the history of
the world except as a bad effect of the
family which were not ignoring I
apparently I'm just a bad person because
it's still kind of funny that he's doing
it at all so I'm not you know I know
whenever I try to shave things to fine
and I can say well I don't think I would
have done it I wouldn't recommend he do
it it feels like maybe that was too far
and then I told myself
he's in this you know competition for
the White House and literally everything
that everybody says is a lie they've
been you know the other side is accused
of obeying every kind of a treasonous
you know you a spy for Russia yeah and
you know all the stories I don't have to
repeat them but the things that Trump
has been accused of that now we know are
not to be true or insane and so when I
see him recognize that the rules of the
game the accepted rules the rules that
we're all playing by apparently these
are the rules is that you can say
absolutely anything and you don't have
to mean it you don't even have to
believe it you just have to put it out
there and and the fact that he's that
he's he's going into a game in which you
can just say anything
so why would he say less than the most
devastating thing he possibly say why
would he possibly hold back there's no
good reason for telling the truth in a
presidential election because the other
side isn't doing it and there's no hope
that they would do it it's not like if
you did it they would start doing it or
something that's not gonna happen that's
not even close to what's gonna happen
basically whoever lies the best is gonna
win so would you want would you want
your team to lie in a less effective way
I don't know there are a lot of moral
questions involved in this and I don't
think I'm the one to answer him because
I can't stop laughing at the fact that
he committed to such an outrageous and
such an outrageous claim and he does it
by saying well there are questions a lot
of people are asking questions so he
doesn't even say that he's asking
questions
he just says people are asking questions
alright so again we we can't be happy
about it but as long as he's in the game
in which you can say absolutely any lie
I don't know if you can pick one out and
say that's the bad one I mean that's
that's a shaving a pretty fine eye so
one of the things that I think Trump is
doing exactly right is saying that he'll
override the governor's if they don't
let the churches reopen now of course
every state is going to make you some
decisions and it's not like there's one
right time for churches to open and it's
not as if there's one right way to do it
or anything like that so it's a very
generic statement the president is
making you know open those churches but
it's insanely correct and and his
instincts as a politician are just
uncanny sometimes because I think the
experts are you are unified in saying
the Trump doesn't have any such power
right
in fact check me on this is it not true
that the experts are saying that the
president does not have the power to
order churches open if the states have
them temporarily closed for health
reasons now I don't know if it's true or
not I don't know if this Supreme Court
would get involved I don't know but I do
know it doesn't matter if you think it
matters that the president has those
defined powers it does not it does not
because first of all the the churches
are going to open up these synagogues
the mosques they will open so whether
it's this week or next week it's not
like it's not going to happen so the
president is clearly on the side of the
people all the people because you know
even people who don't go to church would
probably like to see things get back to
normal
so it's it's a very you know populous
smart smart position to take but he
takes the strongest possible position
which is that he would go all dictator
basically I don't know what it would
take to override the the states and open
up those places of worship and I thought
I don't know well how exactly would he
do that
it wouldn't really happen in the real
world there would just be a conversation
right in the real world it would just be
a conversation and they would figure it
out and in the end the president would
say well I wish you'd done it sooner and
they'd say we're doing the best we can
here's my data you know just working out
but it's really smart politically for
him to make that claim that he's going
to make it happen and he'll make it
happen for all the denominations and
he's very clear about you know making
sure everybody's included he also they
announced some kind of insulin drug cost
reduction that's kind of a big deal if
if I'm reading it right I guess you have
to wait for the next day to see if the
experts weigh in and tell us everything
really changed because you know you
can't really you don't really know when
you're first here are these things
somebody could come in and say well that
went down but something else went up so
it's not what it looks like but on the
surface it looks like this is some
really good deal that the government has
worked out to lower the insulin costs
for lots of people and there's some hope
that whatever model they used to do that
could be reproduced so will we be seeing
a 2021 in which there are telehealth
doctors who are so cheap that lowers
healthcare costs at the same time that
there's some new kind of negotiating
process other than what it is for at
lowering drug costs at least for some
portion of the public maybe maybe the
Trump administration is sort of moving
toward at least doing something on
health care that looks productive so the
big story of course oh did you hear that
so Biden did this interview with Dana
Bash I guess and he said all this stuff
about Biden's hiden but it's working
pretty well so to hear Joe Biden used
the term Biden hidin it made me laugh
because I was thinking to myself how
many people had the same idea of Biden
hidin because I know you know I I know I
tried to be the first to invent it but I
think maybe somebody beat me to the hash
tag or something so but I think I was at
least one of the people who helped
popularize it among others and and so to
hear the candidate himself say Biden
hidin and to feel like you know
collectively it felt like we were part
of that if it just made the world seem
kind of small for a minute all right so
the big story of course what you want to
talk about is the president ahead as
tweet fact-checked by Twitter so Jack
Jack Dorsey must be having the world's
strangest day because you know first of
all there's that whole story about the
the Scarborough situation you know that
that ends up being a Twitter problem
because it's all about the tweet take it
down or not
so suddenly Jack Dorsey wakes up and
he's in the middle of you know the
biggest story in the country and then
and but it turns out his day wasn't over
so and then Twitter of fact checks the
president on a couple of tweets he did
recently about what he thought was the
opportunity for fraud with mail-in
ballots now I don't know if everything
he said about it was what they were
fact-checking or there were some parts
or parts part or parts that were
especially grievous you know but that
but the rest of it might have been semi
okay I don't know exactly what was wrong
with it but they put a tag on it to say
go look at the truth basically and you
could go look at news articles from
those CNN and other places so you can
imagine how Twitter let's say
conservative and Republican Twitter took
this news that that Twitter corporate
was putting fact-checking tags on the
president when I think everybody who
supports the president probably probably
close to a hundred percent of the people
who support the president also believe
that mail-in ballots have a little extra
exposure to risk now none of us are
experts on that and it's got to be
different for different states and I
know we've been using it forever and
there are probably ways to make sure it
doesn't happen and blah blah blah but in
your in your your let's say you're
experienced mind when you just think
about the world and all the things
you've seen in the world and all the
ways that people can find and cheat even
when you don't think they can whenever
you've got this situation where you have
a really big upside game have you ever
heard me say this viewer you have a
really big upside to gain and almost no
chance of getting in trouble
and a lot of people are involved so it's
not up to just one person to have a good
to be a good person and not do the crime
if a lot of people are involved
somebody's going to do the crime so the
mail-in ballots sort of a you know add
an extra exposure to something that is
almost guaranteed to produce fraud I
would say guaranteed wouldn't you it is
closer to guaranteed than it is to zero
now the question is how much yeah and
now some of the techniques are actually
legal I think ballot harvesting is legal
in some states right so it could
certainly have an effect on the election
so we don't know yet to how deep this
Twitter of fact-checking the situation
is going to go well will they do this
for the all of the president's tweets
will they do it for other blue check
people and non blue check people how
much of this is we going to see it was
this sort of a trial balloon so again
the two biggest stories in the country
they both came back to the Jack Dorsey's
doorstep and I cared about his world
must have like shrunk to the size of a
marble like it suddenly the everything
in the world just is connected to him
personally that's got to be the weirdest
feeling all right let me give you the
the most optimistic thing I've heard
today you ready I want to make sure that
you you go to bed on positive thought so
this is gonna be a really positive
thought seriously I think you'll like it
just a really good feel good positive
thought so you know as you know the
story about was an Amy Cooper and no
relationship to Christian Cooper the
other altercation in the Park Central
Park she had a dog she called the police
and told the police
there's an african-american man
threatening me which sounded kinda
racist to anybody who saw it we don't
know what happened before that what was
going on but certainly the
african-american part seemed gratuitous
and why did you throw that in there so
she of course the internet blew up on
her she apologized she lost her dog
anybody who saw the video probably
thinks maybe that was okay because she
wasn't quite handling that dog right and
then she got fired she actually lost her
job so she lost her dog her reputation
and her job in 24 hours basically now
the guy that she had the interaction
with this Christian Cooper apparently he
was a bird bird watcher and he would
often go to that place the brambles or
whatever was called and when he found
out that she had you know lost her job
and her basically her whole life was
torn apart this is why he said so here's
his quote he said if our goal is to
change the underlying factors I'm not
sure that this young woman having her
life completely torn apart serves that
goal there you go so here was a guy who
you know he was part of this big story
he had by all the rules of the game you
know the rules of social media of the
rules of how we identify and treat each
other and you know try to tear each
other apart but by all the rules this
fellow Christian Cooper had a right to
be angry and he had a right to be a
little bit of vindictive and I turns out
I think he was a Harvard Graduate so
he's somebody who's you know at least
some parts of his life had going pretty
well if you went to Harvard and you can
spend some time bird-watching in Central
Park things must be a little bit okay so
Chris you know Cooper had every reason
to be
after the fact right I'm not even gonna
make an opinion about the interaction
the interaction itself you saw it you be
the judge
I'm not going to help you make a
decision about who was right or wrong
but after the fact separate from the
interaction that you can judge
separately Cristian Cooper took it to
the high ground he took it to the high
ground so thank you I would just say
thank you now if you wanted to really
take it to the high ground if you really
wanted to take it home really just make
something better turn on turn a bad into
a good he should call her employer and
ask them personally to rehire her now
how much would you love that because we
know that this Christian Cooper guy yeah
you may it was a little particular about
what was happening in the park and maybe
you wouldn't handle things that way and
that that would be a you know a
legitimate opinion if he disagreed with
the way he handled it but I don't think
you can disagree with the fact that he's
not comfortable with the fact that this
interaction blew up her life and I would
say that this should be rewarded in
terms of like a role model so it turns
out that you know there was there was at
least one person here who had a very
reasonable opinion about this and while
he's under no obligation to do it
the coolest way the story could end is
if he called her employer and said you
know I'm not I'm not excusing anything
she did I'm just saying
punishment didn't fit the crime how
about we just learned something to move
on it would be so awesome that it would
be just a wonderful thing
I want to leave you on that thought that
there was this one reasonable person
doing a reasonable thing at least at
this point in time yeah I hear we say
the dog stuff was disturbing but I also
she clearly was not a dog owner so there
is more to this going on anyway that's
the that's all I've got for today and I
will talk to you in the morning