good morning everybody and welcome to
the highlight of human Civilization now
with whiteboard that's right whiteboard
later you're going to love it if you'd
like your experience to go up to levels
which nobody can even imagine it's so
good all you need for that is a cuper
muger glass a tanker chel or Stein a
canteen juger flask a vessel of any kind
fill it with your favorite liquid I like
coffee join me now for the unparallel
pleasure the dopamine h of the day the
thing that makes everything better it's
called the simultaneous zp happens now
go
well you know you know how sometimes a
small story can be big to you you know
the rest of the world will say well
that's not much of a
story but uh but to me it's big and this
is a story about a company that's making
a quiet leaf
blower uh it's going to have something
called a whisper
drive so somehow they figured out how to
make it way way quieter to which I say
oh my God
that will add half a day of productivity
to me now I don't know about you but if
you work at home and any kind of a
neighborhood that has
Lawns there could be up to two days per
week where you can't work in your own
house it's just too loud and
it's like you know one day it's mine
right so one day a week is my own leaf
lower guy but the other times the same
guy
is on my next door neighbor who's who's
just like right there so probably two to
three days is too low to to use my
office and if this product becomes
available um I will be buying this for
my Gardener within five
minutes I'm gonna say I know maybe you
wouldn't buy this you know it's kind of
expensive and new and what you got is
working fine but Merry Christmas
so that's what's going to happen if this
becomes real product well in my next um
segment that I
call backwards
science
backwards
science uh that's where we look at
studies and we say wait a minute don't
they have the cation backwards here's
one um did you know that having a
positive attitude toward aging according
to a new study uh substantially reduces
your risk of getting
dementia having a positive attitude
about aging very very highly correlated
with having less dementia huh it would
seem to indicate that if you could just
make your attitude better which they say
you can change you could actually reduce
your risk of
dementia well how about that does that
sound like real science
you well let me give you another
hypothesis here's my hypothesis and it's
based on myself if you ask me Scott what
is your personal attitude to about aging
do you know what I would say I would say
well because I've been a lifetime
exercise guy I've cruised into my 66th
year of life with a perfect BMI and I
look the same with my shirt off as I did
when I was 25 but a little more
muscular now if you ask me what is my
attitude about aging I'd say pretty good
because I'm I'm healthy and a lot of all
the the drama of Youth is sort of behind
me which actually feels pretty good so
yeah I'm pretty optimistic about aging
for myself now suppose you said to me
Scott you weigh 400 lb and you have not
been out of your basement for a long
time how do you feel about pushing
70 do you know what I'd
say I'm not so sure I'll ever be able to
walk up the stairs when I'm
70 I don't have such a positive thought
about that now what would be the real
correlation here that people who
exercise are physically healthier which
includes your
brain ah it turns out that exercise is
good for every part of your body don't
you think that the people who were in
relatively good good health when the
question was asked would also be the
ones who would be optimistic and
wouldn't the ones who are already
failing in health as say age 50 wouldn't
they have a negative feeling about aging
because everything's gotten worse every
day since they've been alive obviously
now I didn't see that they controlled
for any of this so I'm going to assume
it's backward science or potentially
backward science all right have you ever
done a post in social media and you said
to yourself
well this one's just for me this one's
not really for the
public just sort of some little personal
thing and I did that yesterday and got
nearly five million
views so for context a really big post
on the xplatform for me I have a million
followers but a big post really big
would be a million views that'd be super
big five mil million views is crazy
right for anybody even if you have a
million followers five million views is
just
crazy well it turns out that Elon Musk
uh got into the comments and so that
might be the biggest reason but it might
also be the topic and here's what it was
I said I stopped eating
bread like there there's two gigantic
Wars going on you know climate change
maybe and inflation and the world's
falling apart we got a big election
freedom of speech is
questionable and I do a tweet about
eating bread I have five billion views
so here's what I here's what I posted
they said I quit eating bread products
several months ago and had the following
outcomes number one I drifted down to my
ideal BMI without any conscious
dieting number two I mean I quit eating
bread because I know that always makes
my weight just drift down but there was
no effort except not eating bread I ate
as much as I wanted of everything else
made no other changes in my life and the
weight just just starts falling off
every I've done it a number of times
it's always the same
um then but weirder I said my continuous
full body inflammation and aching that I
I thought was age related disappeared
completely and recently my sinuses
opened and and my sense of smell
returned you know for so far it's been
several days which is the longest it's
ever returned sometimes it'll come back
for a few
hours but I haven't had a sense of smell
for 20 years because I got some weird
inflammation in my sinuses um Elon Musk
commented he said that diet works for a
lot of people he said said of himself he
said I love carbs and dairy and feel
great but don't have them in large
portions
um I I don't want to be
unkind but some of you have seen me
without my shirt on and some of you have
seen Elon Musk with his shirt on Whose
diet would you
follow I'm just asking I'm not I'm not
trying to be
unkind I'm just saying if you're talking
about diets you probably want to follow
the diet of the person who has the body
that's you know at least in the
neighborhood of where you want to be so
but I do appreciate the the comment on
that and by the way I think Elon Musk
would say exactly the same thing I just
said I doubt he would disagree with
that um all right we don't have a uh so
I I asked the people who followed me on
the locals platform Scott adams.
locals.com where they get all the
special stuff uh I asked how many of
them would want to do a one month test
to just give up bread for um one month
because if it's true that it makes a
difference I think you'd see it right
away it wouldn't take long and it would
be really really obvious or or maybe
there's nothing there in your case
because our bodies are different right
people respond differently to this stuff
but it could be for some percentage of
the people who try this it could be one
of the biggest changes they ever make it
could be completely transformative both
your mind and your body and it's worth
one month right no scientist I'm not a
dietitian so I don't know that quitting
bread will make you healthier I have no
reason no scientific basis for that but
for one
month I'd give it a
try all right still though I have a
speaker of the house Thomas Massie who's
backing Jim Jordan um says in this post
he says it's not hard to understand
what's going on here in DC a vote for
Jim Jordan is a vote to break congress's
bad habit of passing a bloated omnius
spending bill every year and apparently
Thomas Massie believes that Jim Jordan
would not be one to put all the bills in
one big bill so that everybody has to
say yes without actually liking the
parts of it do you think you'd do that I
feel like you wouldn't do that like I
don't believe that at all and this is
nothing against Jim Jordan I just don't
think anybody will I think anybody who
goes into that job will do what
everybody ever did before because there
must be some reason there has to be a
reason that once you get in the job you
just can't do it which is to separate
the bills probably because it wouldn't
get
approved probably because nothing would
ever pass so I don't believe that
putting a different person in that job
changes what happens I think the the
person will become the job I don't think
the job will change to meet the person's
you know techniques that's what I think
but I can be wrong and I could
definitely be wrong if Thomas Massie is
of a different opinion so he's on the
very very short list and by the way you
should all have this list this is the
list of people who if they disagree with
me I immediately say well me I might be
wrong that's not a lot of people but you
know let's say if Elon must disagreed
with me something about solar power or
space or almost anything I would
immediately stop i' say I'm going to
really think about this right n is one
of those if he disagrees I'm gonna I'm
gonna question my own
thinking all right uh let me say that as
far as I know I'm going to talk about
climate change so I have to give you the
background first as far as I know it's
well demonstrated that adding CO2 should
be some kind of a greenhouse effect
that's separate from knowing that once
you add in all the other variables that
you could predict the outcome or even if
you could predict it you would know
what's better for the world right
completely different what the
predictions are from what the things you
can prove in the
lab that said I read a crazy crazy cooky
uh scientist guy who
disagrees that there's any evidence
whatsoever ever that CO2 can cause
warming now before before I get
cancelled or
demonetized I don't think this guy's
right but I just love listening you know
listening to the the the people of
descent I I just can't get enough of it
I don't know why now some of it is oh we
we totally froze up on the other
platform it's
dead the other the other platform's been
dead for a
while let's see if if I could restart
it wow amazing
so
hello Peeps are you still
there all right I'm using a streamyard
on a Macintosh laptop for for you
guys um locals locals was working the
whole time that's because I'm using a
separate
device so it's one more one more reason
to use locals you can make sure you see
the streams all right so I was starting
to say there's a a uh scientist guy
who's got a different view of CO2 and
the the fascinating thing is if you had
asked me even one year
ago or maybe maybe a few years ago have
to go back a little bit and you said
what are what is the likelihood the
science would be completely wrong about
something that 100 % of scientists are
positive is true I would have said is
this something that they've tested yes
it's been
tested and does it conform to you know
the laws of physics and everything and
did people get the result that they
expected when they tested it yes can it
be repeated yes so to me it seemed like
the idea of does CO2 cause a gas or
greenhouse effect that seem pretty well
tested I wasn't sure about the
predictions and you know if there's any
big deal to it but it seems like that
part was tested and now there's a just a
guy who says not only has it never been
tested but it when you do test it you
don't find
it it's like it's never been true does
that seem right now I still think it's
it's far more likely that there's some
kind of greenhouse gas effect I I don't
know how big and I don't know how the
other variables affect it Etc but it's
fascinating to know that there's
somebody who knows a lot about the topic
who says it's complete
BS now I want to give you the
non-scientific
um example that sold me on this because
you're probably wondering why why I'm
giving it any attention at all because
there's always somebody who disagrees
with the mainstream right doesn't mean
the right here's why I'm giving it
attention
he he used one little example that's not
terribly scientific but it was really
persuasive so think of this more in
terms of how persuasive it is I'm not
going to try to change your mind about
anything
okay he says if you took a uh say a gas
engine and you turn it on it might heat
up to say a th000
degrees and then you turn it off and it
will heat it'll go down to whatever the
exterior temperature is but if you put
it in
CO2 it would cool down exactly the same
at the same time like it would still
cool
down so you say to yourself well wait a
minute if you were to put that hot
engine in a room with more CO2 is it the
CO2 is supposed to be like a little
blanket and doesn't the little blanket
of CO2 keep the engine warmer longer and
the answer is
nope nope doesn't
the the engine cools down exactly the
same to which I say uh I don't know if
you know any specific test is conclusive
but when you hear that is that is that
not super uh persuasive I don't know you
know nobody did that exact test so it's
not logical and it's not
scientific but it's really
persuasive you know which unfortunately
you can be persuaded outside of reason
so I'm not going to say that this uh
really is any kind of
a you know new thought that you should
consider but I find it really
interesting that there's somebody who
knows this much and says it's all Bs
it's from uh a book from James
moody or actually a paper he wrote three
proofs carbon dioxide causes no
warming anyway look at my tweet and you
can find that all right what were the
two most predictable things that would
happen this week in the news if you were
going to be a predictor of future
events let's see you knew that Israel
was going to attack Gaza the most
predictable story in the news would be
number
one allegedly Israel bombed a hospital
or possibly a
school but since nobody is in school
what would it be oh nobody's in school
during the war zone oh it's not a school
where where's a place that people can't
evacuate and yet you would feel really
bad for them if something happened a
hospital yeah yeah I predict that there
will be a story in the news sometime
this week that accuses Israel of bombing
a hospital full of
people right that's the first one
number two we'll talk about the BS part
of the story number two what is the
second most predictable thing this week
remember the context is that Israel is
moving into Gaza militarily what's the
most predictable thing that's not a
hospital gets bombed number
two there will be big stories
about
UFOs the two things you can guarantee
is UFO stories because it diverts you
and that there would be a story probably
not true about Israel bombing a hospital
now only some of the people who have
been following me for a while are going
to believe the next thing I say and I'm
mad at myself for not making the
prediction prior to the story about the
alleged Hospital
bombing I start I had my phone out and I
started to send a tweet that said wait
for the fake story about the hospital or
school being bombed because it's
guaranteed it's not maybe like maybe
there'll be a story about a hospital
being bed no it's not maybe there was a
100 percent chance there was
going to be an
allegation about a hospital being bombed
100% chance the only reason it's not a
school is because school's presumably
not in session during a war zone
otherwise is it would have been a school
and also a hospital maybe an orphanage
right I these are just
guaranteed so what do we know about this
story about the hospital in Gaza that
was blown up well let's go to the
Whiteboard and I'll teach you how to
know what's true when Wars are involved
it's very
simple has three
parts and the three parts are as
follows
during the first hours you got something
called a fog of war going
on during the fog of War you should
assume that the news is not reliable
because it's just too soon and
everybody's making claims and they're
not quite sure what they're seeing
nobody nobody knows who fired what
missile fog of War so don't trust
anything that happens during the fog of
War but eventually the fog of War
transitions to the phase we're in now
it's called the propaganda phase in
which all of the news will be fake but
this time it's intentional during the
fog of War it's more like we just don't
know what's going on but then that
morphs or evolves into well some people
know what's going on but there sure is
hell not going to tell you because they
want to tell you some some version of
what's going on but if you wait long
enough this phase passes where the news
is intentionally fake and then it turns
into whoever wins the war gets the right
the the history books uh which of course
is based on the
propaganda so there are three phases and
if you're looking forward to find out
the
truth and don't stop in the first phase
because that's always the fog
or don't look in the second phase
because you would never know what's true
it's the propaganda phase and definitely
don't look when it's over and the
history books are written because those
are not even intended to be
real now let's talk about that hospital
in Gaza
does it
matter no doesn't matter if it's true
and that's the sad thing that nobody
wants to say out loud the sad thing is
it doesn't make any difference doesn't
make any difference who's who shell hit
it and the fact is it doesn't even
matter if it was intentional it wasn't
nobody hits at least the Israelis are
not going to intentionally hit a
hospital right do we all agree with that
I think you all agree that they're not
intentionally going to hit a
hospital but it is war it is a war zone
and if hospitals get blown up that's not
too surprising except the most
surprising thing would be if it was an
accident that would be the most
surprising because you you see the
picture there are all these buildings
around that have not been yet bombed
probably will be but not yet and that
that one little area of the hospital
gets blown
up but then there's also the story that
the hospital did not get blown up that
the whatever it was landed in the
parking lot blew up a bunch of cars in
the parking lot did a little bit of
damage to the exterior of the building
but basically it did not have five
people 500 people die I don't know
what's true do you know what true of
course not you couldn't possibly know
what's true but I'll tell you it's not
going to change
anything it won't change anything and
all of our opinions about what Israel
should or should should not do they
don't change anything you know I'm sure
Israel would prefer that more people
agreed with them but they're very much
in the decided
phase right if you think they were in
the wanting phase we like ah we want to
attack we kind of want to but we're
going to need public opinion on our side
nope we are not there public opinion has
no role in in this conflict because
Israel is simply going to do what
they've decided to do and it's the right
decision they have to eliminate this
risk because they can't have it hanging
over their heads
again so um as much as I'd love to give
you all my predictions or not my
predictions but
my let's say my moral belief about this
situation who is more immoral and who's
the bad one and who's the good one none
of it
matters none of it matters our opinions
have nothing to do with anything this is
just happening and we we should be
dealing with what do you do now because
this is
happening uh but I have one more uh
prediction about the hospital
story that if it turns out that the
narrative turns into it was some kind of
errant uh missile from
Hamas uh I think that will uh start to
morph into sure it was hamas's missile
or
rocket but it's also Israel's
fault and now how can it be Israel's
fault that a Hamas missile hits a
allegedly hits a hospital well easily do
you know did you see the videos of the
amas guys digging up the
pipeline that allegedly Israel built
them a pipeline for water and they dug
it up and they used the two tubes the
pipes they repurpose them to make
rockets the the water
pipes now that's Israel's fault why did
they have to give them such a a poor
water supply that was so hard to turn
into Rockets couldn't they have given
them you know maybe done a little bit
more work to put those water lines in
there in a way that were easier to dig
up and turn into rockets that were more
accurate I mean if you work at it you
can make it is's fault
somehow that's
Comming all right UFOs are in the news
none of that's true the UFO stuff's all
 uh don't get excited about
people who can see things in Skiffs and
new evidence from the same guys have
been telling us there's
evidence nothing's going to
happen yeah I I I feel very confident
and tell you there are no aliens who
have visited Earth or if they have we
don't have their ships and we definitely
don't have their bodies all right I feel
very confident in saying that I'd love
to be wrong it' be it'd be awesome but
no I don't think there's really any
chance of
that um we're now in the propaganda
phase or entering it and have you all
seen horrific pictures
of bodies are ripped apart you've all
seen it right and I've seeing things I
can't un see you know people tweet
things at me I'm like ah like I wasn't
looking for it just there it is it
doesn't
help all
right
um the big story that uh people like to
talk about is that the neighboring
countries are saying Hell No to taking
Palestinian refugees not
Hamas but innocent Palestinian refugees
who are not part of any military action
their neighbors don't want them and
they're very very firm on it it's not a
maybe it's like no way now are they
racist yes or no are the jordanians
racist and the Egyptians are they racist
against the
Palestinians I don't think so I think
that they know that this group has a
mindset that they can't let in their
country that that is their reasoning
right am I right that you don't want to
people have a certain mindset to come in
in big numbers because they might you
know spread that
mindset
so um how
much
sympathy does America need to show do
you think Americans need to open up a
little bit and make sure that we you
know check really carefully but let in
some number of Palestinians even
temporarily uh and have just
you know human
concern and the answer is no not even a
little bit and if you say to me but
Scott not letting people in would be
this
tremendous um tremendous problem to
people who are largely innocent to which
I say that's sort of how National
Defense
works the way National Defense works is
you protect your own country and many
times that's really really terrible for
other people who have nothing to do with
with fighting their war or killing
because they'd all like to live here and
if you stop them you're sort of a turd
because they're going to have to go back
to some War torn country and that's not
good but you have to grow
up have to grow up this is an adult
decision an adult decision is you say
what do you got to do and then you just
do it what we got to do is make sure the
mindset of this country does not get
further corroded
because it's already on a deadly path I
don't know if you've seen
uh uh Mike cernovich is tweeting that's
getting let's say increasingly
dire and he posted this yesterday Mike
surage remember when I said the left
wanted to do a Rwanda genocide on white
Americans and yes they code American and
Israeli Jews as white and you goobers
called me hysterical or whatever because
you lack my vision and understanding of
human nature so his suggestion is that
we're creating a s a situation in which
at some point certainly uh white
Americans will be murdered in a Rwandan
type way now how many of you agree with
that I agree with
it meaning that on our current
trajectory that would be a guaranteed
outcome uh the end of America and the
full Slaughter of the way citizens
however nothing really goes in a
straight line you we don't live in that
World um if you took a straight line
from anything we're doing it would be
the end of the
world yeah you could take anything what
if we keep growing food and using
fertilizers exactly the way we've been
doing it for years what will happen end
of the world we'll run out of
fertilizers but we'll probably figure
out some work around right what happens
if we just keep having
babies well end of the world population
would get too much to sustain us Wars
would break out we'd all die but then we
figured out oh birth
control what what happens if we go in
the same path of depopulating which is
where we're going now end of the
world there's no way around it
depopulating your own people end of the
world but is it going to be the end of
the world probably not we're building
robots and AI that will do a bunch of
Labor well we'll probably come up with
some incentives if we need to to have
more kids kind of like Hungary does
which works tax incentives so yeah we'll
be fine but this whole uh situation
that's heading toward a
Rwandan uh Slaughter uh I think you
should look at Mike cernovich as way
more useful than you might see on the
surface
when when he scares you about a Rwandan
Massacre which is absolutely where we're
heading it's to make you change it's to
wake you up at the very least get
prepared right you better get ready for
a fight but at the you know more
ideally we would surface the awareness
that we're heading toward Doom as we do
with all the other topics from climate
change to you name it and then we would
get busy fixing it
now I'm going to suggest some ways to
fix
it to show you that we're not going to
necessarily end up with a Rwanda like
outcome we are heading there but we're
also smart enough to fix it if if we
want I guess we'd have to want to fix it
all right
um it goes like
this well let me let me work my way into
it I'm going to talk some Trump stuff
and I'll tell you how I'm going to save
the world uh do you remember how how
everybody said Trump was dividing the
country and that that was like the main
story he's dividing the
country but I was trying to think of any
example of trump ever insulting any
segment of the population including
Democrats is there any example of that
ever because he went after individuals
hard but they usually it coming you they
they were in the battle so to speak you
know even the so-called gold star
parents those guys they entered the
war and he gave them he wounded them and
then they went running back to oh we're
gold star parents yeah we all we all
respect gold star parents but if you
step into the ring you're going to get
punched you don't make that about
us you got the rig it's not it's not our
problem so sorry about that gold star
parents
anyway
um so I'm speaking now coming to you as
a uh an accused deplorable colonizing
magga
extremist
and how did we ever fall for the
narrative that Trump was the divisive
one in the United
States that all came from uh propaganda
on the left there wasn't anything he
ever said about a
group The the and if you look at the few
times he he treated a group special what
were they well one was prison reform
which was very you know largely biased
or helping black people who were in
prison for reasons that maybe weren't
the best
reasons right that's one time he
targeted a demographic even though there
are other people in the
demographic other people in that group
um another time was when he did funding
for historical historically black
colleges that was a targeted demographic
thing positive for black
Americans but I can't think of any
example in
which he divided America by any kind of
group can you I I know of no example of
that now if you look at policies they of
course could be divisive you know
abortion for for example
but um it seems entirely a Democrat
thing to say that a group of Americans
should be targeted as the bad ones I
mean literally that's Biden's policy
that he's looking after these magga
extremists and who knows how he defines
extremists all right so as you know
Trump uh is under a gag order that
involves the the one set of criminal
charges so he's not allowed to talk
about uh people involved with January 6
like Pence he you can't insult Pence
because Pence might be a witness in that
case uh but the Babylon B had a good
joke uh it showed Trump with a uh a mini
Trump ventrol Quist doll so that Trump
would use the ventrol Quist doll to say
the things he can't say and I thought to
myself okay I get it it's a joke it's
pretty
funny but where is that
line what what if Trump stood on stage
during a
rally and you know he's giving his rally
speech but then he wants to say
something bad about Mike Pence just hold
this in your mind and then I'm standing
next to the I'm on the stage too and I'm
standing next to him uh by the Lector he
gives a speech he goes oh uh I got one
thing I can't tell you and he goes over
to me and goes he whispers at me and
then I take the microphone and
say Mike Pence
he looks like a a
Lego his hair looks like Lego hair and
then I hand the microphone back to Trump
and then Trump goes well he said it he
said it I can't say that I'm under a gag
order but he said it Mike Pence's hair
looks like Lego hair that's him I would
never say that I would never say that
because I'm under a gag order now here's
my
question would he go to jail for that
I mean in theory in theory the judge
could interpret it as the same as him
saying it but where's the line if if
Trump talks to somebody who then uh
writes a story about it says well he
said this off the Record but I'm an
 so I'm going to report it anyway
he thinks Mike Pence has Lego
hair I don't know it does it does make
you wonder how much he could play with
it and just have fun with it because if
he played with it and had fun with it
and stayed down of
jail he could really turn it into
entertainment but I don't want him to go
to jail trying that so he better give
some legal advice before he does
that all right
um so yesterday I tweeted uh what I call
the first draft of a book on how to or
maybe it's a pamphlet on how to
deprogram
Democrats now I'll say it at the front
do Republicans ever need to be
deprogrammed of course because both
sides are just adopting their their
team's narrative now sometimes their
team might be right you know depending
on your subjective view of things so
that wouldn't be wrong or it wouldn't be
a problem if they were adopting an
opinion that was also a good one but not
always sometimes it's just narrative and
you've adopted it anyway so everybody
needs to be deprogrammed but I could
probably only write one that worked on
the left and people say Scott how would
you deprogram somebody well I'll tell
you what won't work well won't work is
making a better
argument that doesn't deprogram anybody
what won't work probably is showing them
facts that are conflict with their point
of view you could try because that seems
so OD obvious right it's like let me
show you the facts that you haven't seen
and now when you've Incorporated these
facts how do you feel now well I've
tried that do you know what
happens people say your facts are wrong
and then you show them your
source and then they say something like
well why would I listen to a Maggie
extremist and then you say well okay I'm
not one I'm not a Maggie extremist and
also the source I'm showing you is in no
means a Maggie extremist and then you're
the person you're trying to convince
will say everything Q said was a lie and
then you'll say we're not even talking
about that what's that got to do with
this topic and then you'll say but Trump
said uh racists were fine people and
you'll say no that didn't happen either
and we're not even on that topic can we
get back to this topic so what happen is
people just immediately change the topic
and they won't let you go go back
because people really really really
don't want to be wrong and they don't
want to disappoint their team by
changing sides so you can't talk people
into a new view with better information
or better logic and argument not even
worth
trying I know it's weird but those two
things are not even worth trying but
could you talk somebody into it the
answer is yes won't be easy and it won't
work for every person but here would be
the technique I would use instead of
teaching them what's true or false which
they will immediately reject you teach
them the skills of spotting fake
news on the other
side see where I'm going you teach them
to spot fake news coming from the
right you see where I'm
going if you teach them to Spott it
coming from the right and they they
enjoy the hit of doing it so for example
they hear something that comes from the
right and the right says there's a
anonymous
source well if if I had trained you you
would say anonymous source on
politics that's totally not real so you
would have a little skill you would have
learned a thing ah I can tell when those
Republicans are trying to fool me that
new book that came out that claims an
anonymous source said uh by doesn't
believe in climate change yeah you you
now know that that would almost
certainly be fake and then I would teach
you to follow the money and then you
look at a republican claim and you say
oh isn't that an interesting coincidence
that the thing you say is true is also
exactly the thing that would be good for
your profits or your friends profits or
your sponsors profits or whoever is
donated to your campaign's
profits right so I could teach you all
the tools and then show you that it
works against Republican
propaganda why happens
that well it would be really hard to
turn off your skill because you can turn
off a lot of things but you can't turn
off skill if you have a skill it's just
sort of there so you fill them with a
skill that they got you know good
dopamine hits from using and then you
let them just deal with the stuff coming
from their own team and they're going to
start to
notice going to start to notice but
there are a few other things I would do
to prep somebody so I would start with
the following
conversational uh approach if I were
doing it in person but if I'm doing it
in writing I would give some background
but not overwhelming history of the
world background just sort of little
tight background for example if it were
in person they would say are you
aware that uh this project Mocking Bird
ever
existed now if they say no then you
explain to them and you give them time
to research it to make sure they can
confirm it now the project Mockingbird
as far as I know is not in doubt by any
historian is that fair to say is not in
doubt by any historian it's a real thing
that happened the CIA was use was um
influencing or manipulating the media to
tell a version of propaganda that the
CIA wanted you to know now that became
illegal at some point right that is also
something all historians would agree on
am I good so far so there's no left
right at any of this so far that was a
real thing that happened but there was a
point and I'll need a fact check on this
that Obama reauthorized IED that very
type of behaviors but we don't know
exactly what they are or are not doing
so it's not like it's history where it's
been researched it's just
that it's possible now now I would ask
somebody do you think that any country
that could legally program their own
population to make them safer or even
just to support the whoever's in power
you don't think they would do it
of course they would of course they
would uh and so the first thing you do
is you take them back in history long
enough that they don't have an argument
about Republicans and Democrats it's
just something that historians on both
sides say is true so you first you first
set up the situation that they probably
have already lived depending on their
age they may have already lived through
a time when the news wasn't real and it
wasn't even trying to be
because it was influenced by the
government so once they once they
believe that that's a ordinary thing
that could exist without them knowing it
was existing you know if you were just
alive at the time you didn't really
know then you've loosened them up to
discover on their own that maybe it's
happening now I would also say some
version of this that I don't know when
the
news if it ever was
real but none of it is real now it's all
narrative and I would teach them the the
techniques for finding out what's real
and what's
not and once they had the basic
understanding that it's possible for all
of the news to be fixed now I'll tell
you something that I heard from uh my
smart friend the idea that if there was
some Mass
conspiracy like the the media in general
was all like biased in the same way for
for the same reason that somebody would
have been a
whistleblower somebody would have you
know let us know hey the news is fake to
which I say we couldn't be screaming it
any
louder it's the most obvious thing in
the world here I would also point out
the following context that I can do a
little easier than you can do which is
as a public figure I can tell you that
none of the news about me is real and if
you know any public figures ask them
don't take my word for it if you know
anybody who's ever been in the news for
anything ask him if the news was
accurate I know the answer and I don't
even know who you're going to talk to
yet of course it wasn't it never is and
that's true of all political scientific
and celebrity stories they're not none
of them are true and in context they
might have true elements to them but the
narrative never true yeah Dr Drew say
the same thing I see in the comments
yeah every every public figure says it
you won't get anybody disagreeing with
it with the statement that the news
about them wasn't
true yeah
um so that's where I start so I've
started uh Plumping out the ideas to see
if it's a any kind of a document or a
book but here's what I would do if uh if
I don't create this somebody needs to
and I would call it a
certification have I ever taught you
that
reframing uh makes a big difference in
the real world in fact you might be
aware that I have written the most
influential book in the history of
reframing it's called reframe your brain
if you don't have a
copy I feel sorry for you because it
will change your life reframes here's an
example of one that's not in the book
but it gives you an idea um
the reframe is if I said I'm going to
deprogram Democrats what would you
assume about my efforts what would be
the natural assumption if I said I'm GNA
deprogram
Democrats you would say you would say
I'm a republican
stooge and that it's really just a
political thing right wouldn't you as
soon as you hear
deprogram you you it seems like a team
thing right sort of a team thing so I
would reframe this saying deprogramming
the way Hillary did she wants to
deprogram the mega extremist deprogram
is a fighting word and if you use it
you're not going to get anywhere if your
objective is to change somebody else's
mind here's a word that is going to
Thrill
you because it's so
effective
certification now if you didn't
immediately respond to that word you did
not work in a big company am I right I
want to I want to get a a hell yes from
everybody who's ever worked at a big
company the word
certification is like a serious word you
hear that word and you're not talking
politics are you that's not a political
word that is a skill
word and you don't hire people who don't
have the right certification period
if somebody does have the right
certification whoa lucky you it's hard
to find somebody who is certified that
they have learned the specific skill
that you're looking for that's important
and so instead of saying let's never
hire uh Harvard or Berkeley graduates
which people are saying you say there's
one more thing I need from
you see where I'm going there's just one
more thing I need I love your Harvard
thing but there is a risk of hiring a
Harvard person and I'm going to be
honest about it and I don't think I can
be fully comfortable with you unless I
know you've uh you've passed the
certification for understanding fake
news do you feel
that yeah it needs to be a
certification I wouldn't say critical
thinking critical thinking is a much
larger category and it also insults the
it also insults the student the the
reason you don't want to have a critical
thinking class is that everyone believes
they can already do it so you're just
insulting them oh maybe you need a
critical thinking class I know I don't
need it I could probably teach it but
you you need a critical thinking right
even if it's true you don't get anywhere
with critical
thinking as a as a suggestion for
somebody else that that doesn't work but
you know what does work as a suggestion
for somebody
else there's a specific certification
you might want to get before you go to
that job
interview do you feel it you can feel
that right like you actually feel in
your
body that that works that's the test of
persuasion if your if your brain said oh
that makes sense we shall try that
that's probably nothing but if you can
feel it that's more than something and
you can feel that word can't you let
give me a give me some
feedback the word certification
completely reframes the situation and
turns a thing where you couldn't imagine
it was practical into something that
would be really really practical very
doable all I'd have to do is put this
thing
online and they'd say look here's a
link you know go take this test it's uh
20 minutes you know there's a little
background reading then he anwers some
questions 20 minutes and you'll be
certified as somebody who who can uh
distinguish
propaganda from objective
truth who wouldn't want to be able to do
that and then you include on your
test some propaganda that came from the
right as well as propaganda that came
from the left or you could just leave it
down entirely you could just say a
politician claims actually that would be
better I think it'd be better to leave
out the the parties entirely and just
say one party claims the X happened then
then you have to determine whether it's
likely that that's true from the
context all
right systemic Talent stacking yeah the
internet already is taking to that idea
so you could say I would like to add one
certification to your talent stack I
want to know that you can tell the
difference between propaganda and real
news and then the person says well wait
a minute are you some like Republican
bad guy or something and you say no no
this has nothing to do with your
political party this applies equally to
Republicans who believe in
Q as it
does you know people on the left who
believe in whatever crazy thing TDS all
right so what do you think an online
certification to see if you can tell the
difference between propaganda and
Truth now let's get back to Mike CER if
is uh prediction slw warning because a
prediction is a warning by its nature
the the climate change predictions the
models they're not trying to be accurate
I don't know if you know that they're
trying to warn you now maybe that you
don't need the warning that's a separate
question but the purpose of the models
is to warn you to do something
differently it's not to tell you what's
going to happen it's the last thing they
want to
happen so likewise the
Rwanda potential you know mass murder is
where we would head if we didn't do
something different but we will we
always do something different nothing
ever goes in a straight line for long so
this would be one example where you
could see that it would take a clever
reframe
certification to completely dismantle
the entire um you know
propaganda you know
complex and that ladies and gentlemen is
your show for today I like to make sure
there's at least one thing that'll
change your life forever
uh a lot of people were reading my
reframe your brain book or saying it's
changing their life forever and I got to
tell you that's pretty satisfying to be
part of that maybe the people who
experiment with quitting bread if I had
to guess I'm I'm G to Guess that 25% of
the people who experiment with quitting
bread will change their life
forever that's a
lot that could be thousands of people
whose lives dramatically changed because
I put a post out that said hey maybe you
should take a month without Brett see
how you feel now if you couldn't tell
and if you've read my book had a failed
almost everything and still went big you
know
this um the the recommendation that you
try a month without bread is not so much
about the
bread I mean that's the subject topic
but it's really about the concept it's
about the system the system is if
there's something you can test easily
that might have a big impact you test it
so if you thought to yourself well I
don't know if bread or any other
particular food or beverage is making a
difference uh if you don't test
that that's
bad system design good system design is
you test all the time you just test test
test test test your whole life you test
exercise techniques you test your
motivation you test your sleep you test
your you know everything you just keep
testing testing testing you never stop
so it's in that frame that I suggest
take a month without bread but I could
have filled anything in there right take
a month with own alcohol see how you
feel and thanks for joining on YouTube
sorry about the little technical
difficulty there and on x
and I will talk to you tomorrow morning
bye for
now