pom pom pom pom pom pom pom pom pom pom
pom pom hey everybody get in here you
know what it's time for yeah it's time
for the simultaneous it now there was a
study I just saw on Twitter saying that
if you started your morning with
optimism it would reduce your stress for
the rest of the day that's probably one
of the many reasons that you love mmm
coffee with Scott Adams this is your
little simultaneous sip of optimism to
start your day because today is gonna be
a good day it's a really good day we got
a good week coming good month but
today's a good day now let's start it
with a little optimism with a
simultaneous mmm question I can't find
my own tweets I'm not saying this as a
joke but I think I'm shadow banned from
myself is that a thing because recently
I've tweeted but my own tweet doesn't
show up on my own
timeline I just did it as I did
everybody see me tweet the Dalai Lama's
tweet this morning has anybody seen that
because I just tweeted it it doesn't
show up on my own my own feed that's the
second time that's happened maybe it
shows up later so because if because I'm
pretty sure I'm shadow band for myself I
can't see my own tweets not all of them
I can see some of them so don't know
what's up with that but let me tell you
what the tweet was about maybe I'll have
to look at the Dalai Lama's own Twitter
feed to actually see why he said very
annoying Dalai Lama okay
so this is the Dalai Lama four hours ago
many of the problems we face today are
our own creation creating a more
peaceful world requires a peaceful mind
and a peaceful heart as human brothers
and sisters we must live together in
tolerance and affection so his first
sentence many of the problems we face
today are our own creation in other
words a reality of the mind in other
words he's introducing the Golden Age
the Golden Age as I've described it as a
time when things are generally going in
the right direction but more importantly
more importantly the Golden Age is when
we realize that our biggest problems
might be psychological the problems that
cause Wars North Korea for example and
probably there are a lot of other
problems our biggest ones that are
psychological let me give you another
example there was a study that was got
some publicity today about what it would
cost to have universal health care or
singer pay a single-payer
medicare-for-all type health care in the
United States and the estimate was
something like you know two three
trillion dollars a year extra now the
first thing that they do they the people
who do this estimate I'm not sure who it
was some independent group they make it
a ten-year cost so that the headline
says 32 trillion dollars why do we pick
10 years as the irrelevant number that
I'm sure there's some history to that
but when you turn that into a headline
it just makes the number look 10
literally 10 times bigger than the
number that might be useful to hold in
your head so if you told me that
annually it was 3-3 trillion it's still
a big darn number but I can I can handle
that a little better
now here's my problem apparently there
are other studies so between two and
three trillion dollars a year extra
there might be some differences in the
assumption but doesn't it feel like
something's left out of that because the
idea is you're taking I don't know are
two-thirds of the people buying their
own insurance already what percentage of
the country already buys its own
insurance or is covered by a company
because that stuff isn't free
you have to look at the three trillion
that's going to cost the government and
at least take into consideration that
maybe two trillion I'm just making up
numbers here but maybe two trillion was
what the public was spending already so
you might need some kind of technique to
recapture you know that the fact that
people saved two trillion on paying
their own and then the government paid
three trillion it's more like the
country's net is closer to a trillion
you know in just very generic large
numbers now if that's the case if the
difference between a universal care and
what we have now is a trillion net how
do you make up that difference well let
me suggest imagine if all of our
companies that are paying health care
for employees didn't need to do it
anymore imagine that imagine if all the
people who were buying their own health
care and I'm one of them you know I'd
buy it through my own corporation but
what happens if I just didn't have to
spend that money anymore you're going to
free up two trillion dollars a year in
available spending and investment aren't
you and when the people who estimated
that it would cost us three trillion in
the year did they include I'm answering
my own question here do you think they
included the extra tax revenue extra
economic benefit of freeing up two
trillion dollars
a year two trillion dollars a year freed
up to spend to go to college to invest
now I would consider the study that did
not include the economic benefit of
freeing up all that money it also did
not include the economic benefit if
there is one and by the way this is more
of a question of better health care do
we are we more productive do we avoid
larger costs in the future because we
had better health care in the near term
so we handle the problems before they
got expensive how in the world do you
really know what it would cost the
country uh-huh
somebody said Scott are these my
hypothetical numbers yes they are very
generic so the numbers that the experts
have come up with is that a government
single-payer where the government is the
only one who provides health care in the
United States would cost an extra three
trillion dollars a year for our
government
but since two-thirds or 75% of people
are already paying for health care
either directly or through their
business wouldn't it be something like
two trillion dollars freed up that the
government is paying for you that now
you as an individual can pay etc so that
creates X amount of economic benefit and
that has to be affected in that so
here's the first question it could be
that there are some estimates somebody
said the CBO includes that there may be
some estimates in which they try to do a
more comprehensive look at the costs I'm
believe me I'm still on the page where
we don't know how to how to pay for it
so I'm not saying it can be done I'm
saying that these big studies that you
see are so incomplete that they border
on fraudulent so all I'm asking is
there's some reasonably good job of look
and all the factors and I'm not seeing
that all right here's my point suppose
you could get the extra cost of health
care down to a trillion dollars a year I
don't know if you can but suppose you
could let's say that you know that's all
it costs an extra trillion could you
also reduce the cost of providing health
care so that you just take that down to
you know let's say 200 billion at which
point the country can absorb it and
here's my somebody says you're losing me
Scott here's my take on that the only
way that I think you can get to
Affordable Health Care is not through
taxing and not by having the government
be single-payer those things might help
a little bit but you can't get there
with that stuff you need to actually
fundamentally change the cost of
providing it and I'm gonna give you a
technique to get there what you can't do
is offer at least this would not be a
good plan you don't want to offer a bad
form of health care to poor people and a
good form to rich people because that's
just you know more inequality but what
you can sometimes do and follow me on
this sometimes you can make the poor
version better than the expensive
version and then everybody's happy
because some people still want the
expensive version and well maybe they
could just pay for it but imagine let me
give you a historical example do you
remember some of you are old enough to
remember when ATMs were new I was
working at a bank it was one of my first
jobs out of college and the bank was one
of the first to put in ATMs no but
nobody had ATM so it was his first Bank
and the would the way the public
regarded this was that the ATM was worse
than being able to go and talk to a
person because people liked the comfort
of a person so so here's the here's the
point is that the public regard
at ATMs as worse because they were
losing their personal service but many
people will use the ATM said this is way
better I can use it 24 hours a day I
don't have to wait in line I don't need
to talk to people I'm in a hurry so you
have a worse solution the ATM that was
actually better than what it replaced in
many ways so you want a situation where
the bad version actually looks better
than the good version if you know what I
mean conceptually so imagine if you will
that we said there's gonna be just
brainstorming here suppose the
government said we're gonna put a focus
on the new technologies and new
healthcare processes and we're gonna say
if you're below a certain income you can
get this kind of healthcare for free but
it's all the new stuff it's all the new
stuff nothing dangerous but new
processes new systems new technologies
new ways to organize new ways to keep
records new ways to do things in the
cloud maybe there's some home visits
maybe there's some sharing of things
whatever that looks like all right but
but this group of people will give free
health care let's say it's all the
people who don't have anything now and
it will be the bad version because it's
not the ordinary version it's all new
stuff but here's the key the new stuff
is gonna be better mostly some it may be
a test and it doesn't work out so well
but you could make the new experimental
stuff that the people with low income
get to be the better stuff now
somebody's saying lab rats that's
exactly the opposite of what I'm saying
you wouldn't make anything available
that you don't know is at least safe all
right so I'm talking about things like
how you organize patient records whether
or not let me give you a specific
example let's say you organized so that
people who are trained at nurses have an
app that they can sometimes do a visit
to somebody nearby and let's say you
make some changes in the
in the law so that the nurse can maybe
make some more decisions so the poor
person can just say hey is there
somebody next door who could just walk
over with a stethoscope and give me a
suggestion whether I need to see more
healthcare and maybe you've got an app
like like my company's app I'm not
selling selling the app right now but
you know my company's startup SAP the
interface app let's say there's a doctor
in India speaks English so the nurse
comes over she looks at you next door
she's gonna cost twenty five dollars
because she's gonna spend all of half an
hour she gets twenty five dollars and
she just walks next door and then she
says hey this one's a tough one so I'll
pick up the app I'll get the doctor in
another country who's totally qualified
he's just in another country had enough
for another time zone call him up and
say hey doctor I've got this situation
point the camera what do you say talk to
the talk to the person and the doctor
says yes I think first thing you want to
do is just here's a prescription I'll
call it in
alright so suddenly you've taken the
cost of health care just by organizing
it differently having an app may be
loosening up some rules to really
excellent health care this person was
sitting at home picked up their app and
within 10 minutes a nurse would knocked
on the door and had you connected to a
top doctor who actually knew what to do
right so that's an example of a poor
person's health care that's better than
the rich person's health care what did
the rich person do well the rich person
had to wait till Monday get an
appointment drive in wait in line wait
for the doctor
you know it's worse but it costs a lot
more because there's real estate they
have to pay for the insurance and you
know there's yeah and all that so that's
just one small example let me give you
another one I've seen a number of
startups who have small devices that do
in in lab tests as less a blood test
skin test that sort of thing that are
maybe ten times cheaper than the process
setting to get into a lab and waiting
for days to get it back so imagine if
you had those um locally in the town
people could go in and get a test cost
them $25 for the whole test and they get
it right away ten minutes all right that
would be the poor person's version of
health care that again would be way
better than the rich person's perversion
so anyway I'll wrap this this point up
and that is that probably through being
smarter we could create a class of free
or very inexpensive healthcare that
would be better than the current system
we just have to start it start thinking
of it from scratch and just be smarter
about it all right people are people are
resisting my mic discussion on this
let's talk about I mentioned that there
was a study that said the optimism in
the morning keeps your stress down
that's another healthcare benefit if you
get your stress down everything works
out but I think that might be one of the
reasons that you like my periscopes
because I pretty much am optimistic
every time I think I am there may be
some exceptions but I try to be
optimistic every time because I am
that's my that's my natural actually let
me take it back it's not my natural
state it's a learned state so if it
seems to you
I am unnaturally optimistic think about
with somebody else you know who fits
that description who is the most
unnaturally optimistic person you know
president Trump and we get it from the
same source we get it from the power of
positive thinking
norman vincent peale and this idea that
you can think your way into a better
situation is essentially what the dalai
lama is saying it's what i'm saying it's
what norman vincent peale is saying it's
what Tony Robbins says it's what
the president is doing right in front of
you he's his optimist he is displaying
his optimism in a contagious way and
that helps a lot of things like the like
the economy so there could be a health
benefit from joining me with coffee with
Scott Adams now only has the coffee been
shown to be healthy mm-hmm but a little
bit about optimism to try this in the
morning I I do this sometimes quite
literally I was doing it this morning I
was just the first thing I was doing
this morning is you know I'm a load in
the house today and I was saying today's
gonna be a great day today is gonna be a
great day great day coming up now if I
were to look at the details of my day
there was a lot of work coming up and
stuff I got to do and some of it is not
all that Pleasant but it's still gonna
be a great day it's gonna be a great day
it's gonna be a great week so keep that
in mind and you will be amazed that just
repeating that to yourself
even if there's a part of your brain
that says I'm not sure this is true yeah
I say it out loud but you don't need to
saying it out loud I think does add a
little little extra oomph but how often
do you repeat it 5 10 15 times I don't
think it's super sensitive to the number
of times you do it or whether it's
written or spoken or repeated in your
head it's the process of doing it that
matters it's the focus on it
it's just reorienting your mind and then
you get off to a good start let's try it
but and if you ask the question you know
how many times to do it etc just try it
just try a few things it might be
independent or it might be individual
I imagine it would be let's talk about
Ted versus TDS you may have seen the
study that I tweeted around in which
psychologists and therapists were saying
that there's a real syndrome called they
call it Trump what's the a for tad
what's the stand for tad Trump anxiety
what's the D Trump anxiety something way
way instead of Trump derangement
syndrome and I thought to myself if the
therapist did not have our disorder yes
so the therapists are calling a Trump
anxiety disorder emphasis on the anxiety
whereas you and I have been calling it
Trump derangement syndrome focus on
deranged now why would the therapist
call it anxiety versus deranged well one
reason might be it sounds better you
know it's a less harsh diagnosis but the
other graph the other possibility is
that the therapists have it if you have
this this syndrome are you gonna say I
have anxiety or are you gonna say I'm
deranged I don't think about it you know
that the therapists have this you know
that they're suffering from this
condition right because the or at least
a lot of them are and they're not gonna
say of themselves my god I'm deranged
now they're gonna say of themselves I
have anxiety about this because when you
say I have anxiety you're blaming you're
blaming the external world it's like wow
that external world looks like it might
be part of what's causing me anxiety but
if you say you're deranged then you're
saying okay the problems of my end
I'm not processing this right so I
thought it was funny that the people who
have it are also the people diagnosing
it and also the ones giving it a name
which completely you know
sort of distracts from what's going on
which is that the therapists have it how
do you get treated for something when
your therapist has it now let's talk
about I saw britt hume tweeted around
this morning and talking about how the
the president has essentially i'm
paraphrasing britt hume saying that the
president has a point about fake news
and he gave an example of some fake news
that said he was against breasts or
against breastfeeding or something and i
think that's not true now but he did say
it's not helpful for the president to
say that the press is the enemy of the
people but i say how inaccurate is that
to say that the press is the enemy of
the people
now clearly it's not all the press
because there's press on both sides so
theoretically the one that's on your
side you're gonna say no that's not the
enemy of the people that's just the
honest one but if you look at the
anti-trump press i don't think you can
conclude that their objective arbiters
of fact and news can you i mean that
used to be true but i think the business
models has caused them to go to the more
extreme emotional manipulation model
just because that's where the money is
you got to get people to click you gotta
get people to watch and to do that in
our increasingly complicated world
you've got a you've got a rate raise the
you know noise level raise the emotional
level and so it does seem to me that the
press could destroy the country for its
own profits let me give you some
examples the press could convince the
country to go to war where there are no
weapons of mass destruction but the
press is reporting it like it's true in
other words fake news wouldn't that be
the enemy of the people
starting an actual war because it's good
for profits I always thought that the
the second Iraq war was a bit of a
oppress war because it seemed to me that
the press was the one that was prepping
the country to be able to accept it and
if the country had not accepted it well
I don't think it would happened so was
the press operating in its own best
interest because war is really good for
ratings what is better for the ratings
of a network news than a war not much
not much better than that so it seems to
me that the the incentive for the press
is to create war and if the incentive of
the press is to create a war and by the
way I don't think there's any doubt
about that is there there's no doubt
there war gets good ratings I think we
all agree on that and there's no doubt
that good ratings create money for the
people work in the news industry their
prestige goes up it's more interesting
for them in a horrible way it's just
good for the news industry now the war
I'm not wrong about that all right so
here's the next rule that I think is a
universal truth when you incent
something that strongly it's gonna
happen right when you have that strong
of an incentive for anything it wouldn't
matter what it is if you've got a huge
economic incentive and it's legal and
you can totally get away with it how
often does it happen right those are
those the three conditions it's a huge
upside benefit it's totally legal or you
can get away with it same thing
it's easy and and you can just totally
get I think I missed one there but it's
a big payoff and you can get away with
it how often does it does the thing
happen
it's a huge payoff and it's easy to get
away with I would say a hundred percent
of the time now that doesn't mean it's
going to make war after war but
long-term it's guaranteed to create war
because if the if the public wants the
war it's coming because the press can
prep us for it and then we're ready so
is the press the enemy the people I
would say I would say yes that I think
that is a fair completely objective
statement now pick another topic suppose
the economy would have been good but the
press has decided to report it like it's
bad because let's say they don't like
the president because optimism drives
the economy if the president is giving
you optimism he's doing his job getting
people to invest next year which causes
the economy to be good but what if the
press
absolutely universally said everything's
terrible even if it wasn't so terrible
well then the press is going to be
depressing the entire economy through
the reporting now that might not be good
for the press because they are part of
the economy and they don't want to drive
down their own their own profits but
certainly they could depress them a
little bit and not feel too much
personal pain so that's another example
suppose suppose there was a way to get
to better health care whether it's
single-payer or just some better process
that's good for everybody in the current
system what if the press didn't report
it is straight what if they said imagine
if you will let's just take this example
suppose President Trump came up with a a
path forward on health care that was
just brilliant and I think there are
paths forward and I think I described at
least in general terms how you might
develop a low-cost version of health
care that's actually the better
and then you can change the whole system
from there but what if the president
came up with that I'm not saying you
will but just what if he did
how would the press report it yeah let's
say it's not a single payer but it's
just something that's a way better
improvement in the system how would the
press report that they would report it
as as terrible because they don't like
anything the president does yeah they
would report it as death panels and God
knows what they cry for impeachment
right so when you say the press is the
enemy of the people that doesn't mean
that the press is scheming ah I am going
to destroy you this country there's
nothing like that happening yeah there
there's no there's no reporter or you
know Jim Acosta is not trying to do
what's bad for the country right you
might argue that it ends up that way but
certainly in terms of his internal
thoughts nobody's trying to destroy the
country maybe somebody but you know it's
not a big deal most people you know
realize that they're part of the country
so they don't want to destroy it but if
their actions are highly incented to
report what's sensational rather than
what's true they become our biggest
problem now calling them the enemy sort
of assumes too much about their
incentive and I think that's going too
far
but certainly in effect they might be
the biggest risk to the country right
now and that wasn't always the case
because I think the old version of the
news was just reporting it straight you
know in the days of three networks and
today they just have to follow the
clicks because it's the only way they
can stay in business all right
I believe I've covered all of my topics
look up project Mockingbird I have I
know it that's about incented or
incentivised it's a good question which
of those words is correct
Giuliani and tapes of reporters I don't
know about that maybe that's this
morning's story I'll check that out when
do we talk about midterm election
predictions well just quickly I don't
have a detailed prediction about that I
just think the Republicans will do
better than whatever people thought back
in January and substantially so but
that's that's as far as I'll go on a
prediction I don't know much about the
individual matchups I saw what I say
Jake Tapper's tweet and there was
something about the Obama's and he is
tweet we're saying that the Democratic
Party is the weakest it's been since the
1920s now if you don't know Jake's I
think he's a trained historian so
history is actually is his strong suit
one of them he's got a pretty deep
talent stack but so it's probably true I
mean that's probably or a safe statement
that the Democratic Party is the weakest
has been since 1920 did anybody see that
coming
is Trump dyslexic how would I know I
haven't seen any evidence of that all
right I'm just looking at your your
comments now if you noticed I've said
this over and over again but every time
I see an example I like to point it out
because this is part of your optimism
how many times have I told you that good
news often is the result of something
looked like looking like it's doom you
know the classic it's always darkest
before the dawn sometimes when it looks
like you're in the deepest hole if it's
also you're when you're in the deepest
hole you're also closest to the treasure
hey I just made that one up I think I'm
gonna add that to the to the national
consciousness I'll say that again
sometimes when you're in the deepest
hole it means you're closest to
discovering the buried treasure kinda
clever that's a keeper somebody probably
already said that I bet I bet I'm
stealing that and I don't know it so if
you look at how long ago was it that it
looked like Hillary Clinton was going to
win the election and that ripped that
Democrats were gonna you know take over
Congress and there was going to be all
Democrats all the time and they were
going to rule the world it kind of felt
like that didn't it and then here we are
with the Democratic Party and complete
ruin and and the Republicans have a firm
grip on power now things might change a
little bit in the midterms but we'll see
by the way let me I'll give you one I'll
give you a midterm prediction now this
won't work because the Senate will still
be Republican I was going to say that if
should it happen that the Congress was
mixed some you know that there was not a
an overwhelming majority of Republicans
should that happen I think the president
would I
we be stronger and the reason is because
he needs to play both sides against each
other to get what he needs for
healthcare for example so there are some
things like immigration in health care
where the president would be better if
the Congress was a little bit more
balanced because if you're depending on
entirely Republicans the Republicans
have to get everything they want or they
won't do anything so I think if he could
negotiate all right look if you guys in
the right aren't giving me what we want
I've got a way to get the guys on the
left you know which one of you wants to
work with me
so this president much like correct me
if I'm wrong but Bill Clinton had a
similar situation right I'm not a I'm
not good on the political history but so
fact-checking me on this I believe Bill
Clinton did well with a with a more of a
balanced Congress because he negotiated
well am I right about that so when when
you worry about the results
yeah triangulation if you worry about
what happens if you know Republicans
lose the Congress I have to say I'm not
worried about that because I don't think
that you can do a straight line
projection and say all Republicans lost
control of the house therefore X I don't
think there is a therefore X I think I
think the president's negotiating power
might might improve I'm not sure it's a
little hard to predict Eisenhower to
somebody said I'll bet that's true they
will start impeachment over Nancy
Pelosi's dead body
so you said they'll start impeachment if
they get the house yes over Nancy Pelosi
is dead body
because she knows and the leadership
knows it's it's a stupid play all right
when the economy zooming and other
things are going well you don't you
don't do your impeachment thing now if
there's some new news that we haven't
heard about
you know that's all bets are off but if
things stay about the way they are
impeachments not going to happen and if
they did who cares who cares all right
the Senate isn't gonna you know do
anything with it it doesn't remove him
from office right
you helped me pee in public uh-huh
you may be surprised that will be the
comment that I'm going to talk about
right now so if somebody just said that
I helped them use I assume that means
use a public restroom I've mentioned
before that there's something like 5% of
the world who has shy bladder or high
rhesus as the official name and what
that is is the literally a and inability
to urinate in public like in a public
restroom and you can imagine what a big
problem might be
and I've said before that I suffered
from that for most of my adult life
until my brother came out of the water
closet as he likes to say and said that
he had the same thing I went my entire
adult life without knowing that my
brother had exactly the same condition
and my father did too I learned it later
in life now once I learned that it was
both normal and that it had a name and
that millions of people had it it
instantly changed my feeling about it I
went from being thinking oh my god I'm
some kind of a freak why am I the only
person in the world we can't use a
public restroom like I physically can't
there's no amount of trying harder that
would make it work and once you realize
that it's a completely well-known normal
condition then all of the sort of shame
embarrassment the psychological part
just vanishes and now I used to be like
in total fear that if I was let's say
out to dinner and I'd say oh I'm gonna
use the restroom you know hoping
nobody's in there that somebody at the
table another guy would say oh yeah I
got to use it too and go stand next to
me
then I can't do it and then I and I
don't want to explain why I can't
because it'd be embarrassing the whole
thing went away the moment I realized
it's just a normal medical condition so
now that situation happens and I stand
up and so does go I got to go to I go oh
I can't I can't be when other people are
there I've got a shy bladder you you go
first or I'll go after you or whatever
and to a person nobody nobody ever
judges you for that
they just don't judge you that because
it's moat I would say at least a third
of the time people say I have the same
problem yeah it's Bell's the same thing
and so is simply acknowledging there's a
real thing that lots of people have
probably reduce the impact of it by
two-thirds so I'm sorry for those of you
who don't have this problem to have to
listen to it but what I'm doing here in
real time what you're watching happening
is I'm actually curing probably
thousands of people all right so let's
say thirty thousand people watch this
probably at least two three thousand
people who have this problem and are
listening to me and they're saying oh my
god he's a famous guy who is actually
talking about this on camera and it
doesn't bother him a bit and that is
gonna make it bother you less to because
you realize it's psychological all of
our biggest problems are psychological
now it is there is sort of a physical
connection to your brain so nothing is
completely psychological there's
something about the way we're wired
that's different but once you've
realized that you're normal and that you
can just use the use the stall or wait
till people are gone or tell people you
can't use it and just use it later once
you realize you can just work around it
and nobody's going to judge you for it
and if they do well screw them it
doesn't really matter then you're 2/3 of
the way to a solution the rest of it is
just practice and by the way the best
way to practice is after working out go
to the gym
get a get a good workout on and then go
directly to practice and keep your
headphones in put you in your own little
world you'll be amazed that you can do
things you didn't know you could do
alright so I'm done curing 3000 people
of the biggest problem that they have in
their life and by the way that's
completely accurate you just watched
this is I swear this is true you just
watched me two-thirds cure it's probably
3,000 people in real time that just
happened while you were watching that's
real I swear to God that just happened
while you're watching all right that's
all for now have a good day