hey everybody come on in I'm glad you
noticed that it's time for coffee with
Scott Adams I'm your host Scott Adams
today's episode is brought to you by the
three amazing books behind me if you
haven't purchased any of those books and
read them well you're not operating at
peak efficiency let's just say that I
pity the people who haven't read my
books so don't be part of the people who
are left behind well I think it's time
we have enough people here and it's time
for the best part of the day the
simultaneous sipping all you need is a
cup or a mug or a glass of tanker
chelators time to canteen Joker flask a
vessel of any kind fill it with your
favorite liquid I like coffee
join me now for this unparalleled
pleasure the scientist II don't mean end
of the day the thing that makes
everything better it's called the
simultaneous if and it happens right now
yep before and after you can almost feel
it before the simultaneous if the day
was okay but after Oh after much much
better all right let's talk about the
stuff that's happening in my life I'm up
to almost three hundred ninety thousand
followers on Twitter
I have predicted that should I reach a
million followers
I will effectively control the world now
I know you don't believe that but that's
part of the fun and the the reason it
goes like this that influence is a
function of how big your platform is in
other words how many people know you
exist and can hear you and skill so it's
not enough to have a lot of people
following you Kim Kardashian has that
but she may not be skilled in persuade
in quite the way that I'm talking about
were the actual techniques and and you
know methods of tech of persuasion and
worked but if somebody who has my kind
of actual trading I'm a trained
hypnotist if anybody's new to this and
I've been studying and writing about
persuasion for years but if anybody with
my kind of skillset ever had a million
Twitter followers my hypothesis is that
that person would run the world and it
wouldn't matter if it's me or somebody
else it would have to be somebody who
had those skills and had an interest now
could Tony Robbins run the world I think
he could I really think he could but he
doesn't seem to have any interest in
doing that his interests are elsewhere
so you'd have to have somebody who was
interested has the talent stack and has
the followers and maybe a year and a
half that'll be me so you'll get to find
out yourself all right speaking of
influent influence I tweeted I know I
can't even believe I ever did this I did
something today that if you had ever
asked me if I would ever do I would say
probably not but i retweeted a lawrence
O'Donnell tweet in which he was
retweeting a clip of aoc giving a little
talk I'd like it was in Congress and the
reason I treated it without comment is
you really have to say it and here's the
thing you have to say she's making the
case which you know I don't agree with
that we should be providing free health
care for anybody who comes across the
border illegally
now her argument is not the one that I
subscribed to which is that it's the
most you know godly religious biblical
way to treat people you know treating
everybody well and while that's true it
ignores the implications and what would
happen
if we just start giving all our stuff
away it would be very godly but it would
be a very lasting system in the end it
would all fall apart that said you have
to see how well she bakes her case it's
just crazy skill set just skill set you
know forget about whether you agree with
or disagree with it you just have to see
it it's one of the it's really
impressive
now some I saw in live I was talking
with somebody who was saying that they
thought it was scripted then maybe
somebody wrote it for her and she was
just doing a good actress like job of
performing it to which I say I'm not
sure there's a gigantic difference
because you would still have to know
whose words to speak you would still
have to feel them you'd still have to be
able to perform them you'd have to
remember them you'd have to really
incorporate it into the you know the way
you're thinking so I'm not sure it
matters if somebody helped her with a
speech somebody help to Reagan with his
speeches to write somebody helps people
you know leaders get helped with
speeches that's not that's not today's
news Winston Churchill had some help I'm
sure but just see it to see the skill
level that's all alright have you
noticed that the election has only
become about Trump now when I say that
you say well duh it's always always
event about Trump but listen to the way
people talk about the election the the
Democrats have completely stopped
talking about what good they're gonna do
although birdie does he talks about his
health care stuff but if you look at it
at Biden Biden only talks about beating
Trump so so Biden sees the world and you
know it's sort of a binary world there's
Trump and then there's B Trump but he
doesn't have any kind of a positive
message and there was a somebody in the
crowd who asked him a really good
question a spy did what was
his passion you know what's driving him
what's his his main calling why he's
putting himself through all this and
what he said was that he wanted to
return decency
I'll see decency and honor to America
that's what Biden's passion his fire yes
that's the the question was what's your
fire it was a good question and he wants
to return decency and honor to America
does that feel like your fire does Joe
Biden's fire match yours because here's
the thing I don't even know if it
matches his base does it because when
you hear when you hear the professional
pundits the people literally get paid to
talk on TV they they say things like
this they say oh the president is
destroying our credibility and our honor
and our decency and stuff like that but
that's plug to talk have you ever met a
voter who has really fired up about
America's brand not me I've never met
one not one that I believed I mean I
suppose you can find somebody you will
say anything but what yeah what the
pundits are talking about it it's
because they're paid to talk about you
know conceptual things and you know
decency and honor and the reputation of
the country blah blah blah I've never
met an actual real person like hey Bob
have you noticed that your life is worse
because the United States is losing its
honor and its decency and Bob would say
you know I haven't noticed I haven't
noticed so the the the great fire
invited the thing that's driving him is
something that his base hasn't even
noticed literally doesn't have any any
sensation of it being a thing when you
go to the store and you buy some
groceries do you say Oh
I can't complete this transaction
because the decency and honour of my
country has been so degraded now you
know you just buy your groceries take
him home on bag them cook them up and
eat them and you are completely
oblivious to the decency and honored
degradation of this country because it's
never been real and it's part of every
campaign and it's just blah blah blah so
Biden has bought into a cold in which
there are just two things there's just
Trump and less Trump he's not even
trying to make your world better it's
not even part of the plan it's not part
of the plan he's not even talking about
what he could do to the world they this
real except for this decency and other
stuff all right
so of course the big news is that Biden
got a big victory in South Carolina it's
probably because he got an important
endorsement from a prominent African
American leader there a lot of people
who voted said that actually did make a
difference so we're in this weird world
right now between now and Super Tuesday
and here's what all these smart people
who need to talk about the news for a
living are gonna say they're gonna say
Biden got this great advantage from
South Carolina let's talk about that and
all the things that means because Biden
did so well it's the Biden balance and
Biden's back and then almost within a
period and the same breath everybody
smarts gonna say the same thing and it
doesn't matter a bit none of it
South Carolina if you could if you were
a god-like figure and you could take the
the historical timeline and you could
just find that the South Carolina
primary and you could just get rid of it
like flick just flick that out of the
timeline like it never existed nothing
would be different if you were a time
traveler and you went back in time and
completely changed the results of the
South Carolina primary the entire
timeline of the future would be
unchanged
because nothing could be less important
than the South Carolina primary but it's
what happened recently so we have to
talk about it I'm talking about it
there's something wrong with our brains
that we can simultaneously say you know
this thing we're gonna talk about I know
you know everybody in the world agrees
has no importance whatsoever no
implications no ramifications completely
meaningless let's talk about it for a
week and we're all doing it I just did
it I guess I can't stop myself what's
wrong with us all right so the smart
people are saying that Super Tuesday
will be a good day for Bernie
he'll get California probably Texas and
that's going to be the end of it in
terms of who has the most votes not a
majority but the most folks going into
the convention and then I think Biden's
got that actually pretty good chance
compared to other people and here's a
question for you names of people who
most want Joe Biden to be President you
just make a list here are the people who
famous people people you've heard of who
would most like Joe Biden to be
President I'll make my list top of my
list would be the Ayatollah Khamenei I
think the Ayatollah would like a Biden
presidency am i that's not wrong is it
when you wouldn't you say that feels
obvious to me that the Ayatollah would
prefer a Democrat and one who is one
who's going to be kind of friendly now
Bernie might even be better but I think
the Ayatollah beef would be happy with
Biden what about Hillary Clinton's happy
because I think she would get a vice
president installed who who responds to
her so I think Clinton would effectively
be a a shadow leader if Biden got in
there so she'd be happy I tweeted this
morning that I think 75% of the country
doesn't want burn
to get elected because it's a hundred
percent of Republicans or you know
exaggerating but it's something like a
hundred percent of Republicans the
hundred percent of Republicans don't
walk Bernie but also about half of
Democrats so somewhere in the you know
general range of seventy five percent of
the country doesn't want Bernie to get
elected and he's there is their leader
their best their best vote getter right
now and I think the twenty five percent
who walk Bernie to get elected they have
confused him with obi-wan Kenobi because
it seems like they only want him to do
something magic you know to use the
force there's something completely
disconnected the Bernie supporters seem
somehow disconnected with math and in
whatever the rest of us like is reality
I guess they have their own reality but
it feels like Bernie has become almost a
mythical character who doesn't need to
do real stuff he can be a hologram and
you can still worship and miss a
hologram he doesn't need to do anything
he can just talk and obi-wan is the only
one that can save you from the Darth
Vader of Trump
all right I'm having this image of
Elizabeth Warren as Princess Leia and
obi-wan being Bernie and Darth Vader
being Trump have you noticed that you
can take characters from movies and they
they out so often will map into real
people you can do that with chess as
well if you take well that's another
story it's just weird how well the
Dilbert cartoon characters map onto a
chess set if you spend a few minutes
thinking about it you can agree each of
the characters in my comic strip you
could pretty easily map them to the
characters on the chess set now I didn't
develop them that way
but it's a phenomenal coincidence that
they map so easily to those characters
and I don't know if it's a coincidence
there may be something about chess this
speaks to the universal way we soar
things that our minds so it's probably
not a coincidence the chess has lasted
so long
all right let's say so the big story
that's an odd story is that Biden got
you know massive amount of the black
vote in South Carolina so people are
gonna say Bernie can't get the black
vote but then the Bernie supporters will
say he has most of the black vote
nationally it was just a weird state
thing so that'll be the conversation
that it won't be interesting the other
big thing that's coming out of this and
well steyr dropped out so Stiers 1% will
go to somebody else I guess I heard I
heard Jesse Watters
of the five insulting a star and I've
been laughing about it for two days I
have this belief that once you see
somebody's animal you can never unsee it
and here's what I mean by that have you
ever known somebody who and I'm gonna
try to make this sound not racist
because nothing I'm talking about it
should be construed that way so
everything that I say next just assume
it's a universal doesn't apply any any
one group but there are times in my life
where I'll be looking at somebody I've
seen them forever
you know somebody I'm familiar with and
one day you see them as their animal has
that ever happened to you you ever
looked at somebody and you say you know
I know you look like a human but just
just at this moment I don't know what it
is but you also look like a weasel I
don't mean conceptually I mean there's
something about your look or your
mannerism that's a little bit weasel now
a famous famous example of that is
McConnell
like a turtle now the first time you
hear that Mitch McConnell looks like a
turtle can you ever unsee that
no you can't you cannot unsee Mitch
McConnell as a turtle I'm sorry it's all
over so and I'm also seeing you know
Bernie has obi-wan Kenobi but who was I
talking about
oh I've steyr so Jesse waters says that
on the 5 the end the day mentioned in
his little monologue he was doing about
the candidates that Tom Steyer reminded
him of a lizard and once she hear it
once you hear it it's just there forever
and I I didn't know what it was about
Tom Steyer that I didn't like and some
of it was about it wasn't even about the
things you were saying there's so much
it was about his mannerism is I don't
know his vibe is something but as soon
as you see that he as soon as you
imagine him as a lizard because I think
he does something with his tongue
doesn't he all right so I think Stiers
done well he says he's done Elizabeth
Warren interestingly is going to stay in
the race to degrade Bernie's chance of
getting a majority by the by the
convention now a warrant is being
misinterpreted by her side because
that's what they do
the Democrats only have one mode and the
other Republicans do this too I
shouldn't I shouldn't say it's one side
there's pretty much both sides but half
of at least half maybe more let's say at
least half of all of the all the
jibber-jabber about politics is people
misinterpreting what somebody said and
then criticizing their own
misinterpretation that happens both ways
Elizabeth Warren is the recipient of
that today so when she said she's going
to stay in the race
then she said why because she you know
if she's trying to keep birdie from
getting it before the convention people
said oh she's just doing it to screw
Bernie and I thought to myself that's
not what I heard
that's just your misinterpretation what
I what I read it I read it the way a
normal person who would read it if they
were not biased elizabeth warren saying
she would stay in the race why do
politicians say they will stay in a race
to win to win because i think elizabeth
warren like everybody else believes that
this will be a brokered convention okay
not everybody else thinks that but if
elizabeth warren goes into a brokered
convention in let's say fourth place
maybe she could maybe she could build
herself up to third you know she might
optimistically think that's possible but
suppose she goes into the third or
fourth place does she believe that she
has a chance of being the brokered
nominee well maybe maybe she might have
enough friends and contacts that she has
a sniff that that's possible but I don't
think it's fair to say that she's
staying in the race just to screw Bernie
that might be the outcome but why would
that be her motivation no nobody stays
at a race just to screw another person
that's not a thing you that's a lot of
work to be in the presidential race you
don't do it just to get revenge on one
of the other candidates
alright so I think the fixes in for the
for the convention and we'll see
somebody says Perot did that yeah
different situation
all right here's an update on the the
rumor so this was the fake news that was
going around now so much from the news
people themselves but rather from social
media Bill Kristol was one of the
several people problem that people tweet
fake news and their version of it is the
fake news version of it is that
President Trump called concerns about
the virus or the virus itself depending
who you're talking to a hoax and of
course he didn't he talked about how the
Democrats are framing it as the hoax
part as opposed to the virus itself so
of course it's a ridiculous stupid
misinterpretation and an obvious one and
all you have to do is look at the video
when it's obvious what he really said
versus what he was reported to have said
so what I tried to do was get in really
early and I don't remember help me out
on this was I the first person you saw
called this out as fake news that they
were misinterpreting what the hoax part
of the virus was probably other people
were doing it at the same time because
as soon as you saw it you probably said
oh oh faint news and yeah I'm sure it
wasn't the first but I tried to get it
early uh-huh so whether we're just
certainly the point is the same I tried
to get it early and ruin it because if
you can kill it fast it might stay dead
but if you don't kill it and it gets
it's like a virus you know if you don't
shut the border the first time you get a
you get a reported case it's just gonna
spread and then there's nothing you can
do that's what happened with the fine
people hoax the fine people hoax became
hardened as the fact before people like
me and you know Steve Cortes and you
know Joel Pollock started hammering on
it just all the time saying no just look
at the transcript it's fake news so I
tried to get this one early to see if a
kill it and one of the tricks I used was
to say that the only people dumb enough
to believe it were artists
now I don't know if that made any
difference there's no way to know but I
know that if I were one of the people
who was inclined to believe it but
before I before I had been less i
infected by it the first thing I saw
were somewhere near the beginning of my
belief system if I saw somebody say only
artists are dumb enough to believe it
just speaking for myself that would
immediately reset my brain and I would
say oh maybe I had a look at this myself
because I don't want to take sides with
just the artists if I know that The
Economist's and the lawyers and the the
scientists and the engineers are all
going to be on the other side now that
doesn't mean that's true but if the
first thing I saw was that only artists
believe this this BS I would immediately
be biased against it so that's what I
was trying to do I was trying to
basically you know strangle this
strangle this fake news in its crib
interestingly I saw Jake Tapper tweet on
this subject now Jake is the most
interesting personality at CNN and he's
interesting because I don't I can't
think of an example where he's ever sent
an outright lie and you could probably
think of some people and see and then
the opinion people who maybe you think
have but remember when the fine people
hoax was government was raging and when
Jake tweeted about it even though CNN
was widely reporting the hoax as true
when Jake tweeted about it he simply you
know referred to the controversy and
then connected to the full transcript or
the full video I think it was not the
transcript so you can see for yourself
and I thought to myself okay okay I
would prefer you went stronger at it and
said you know this is a hoax but he did
tweet the actual the full video which
shows us out
without comment and at least one time of
the air when one of the guests brought
it up brought up the hoax Jake did add
the context though again without an
opinion
he said the context is that the
president went out to say I'm not
talking about the racists there so Jake
added that so we know that the president
said clearly that's not what I'm talking
about so this comes up very similar
situation it's a misinterpretation of
something that the president said and
Jake tweeted about again the same
technique which is he said this is what
people are saying basically pointing to
them the issue and then just included
the the full video so you can see for
yourself
fair enough you know I think it is
reasonable to assume that you know Fox
News and CNN and MSNBC they they know
who pays the bills they know who watches
the network and you know there's there's
a limit to how far anybody's going to go
in the in the constraints of their job
but I would I'm gonna give him a thumbs
up for that because he just played a
straight said here's what they say see
for yourself
so I appreciated that I'm following a
guy on Twitter who seems to know a lot
about Iran so he's got family there and
we I saw somebody else I think it was
Balaji
Srinivasan pointed him out as somebody
to follow to keep up with the Iran
coronavirus situation we think he's real
I mean it's hard to know in today's
world but he's had his account for a
long time and and he seems to know stuff
so here's what he's telling us Oh his
name is Ali Oh stead you can see him in
my Twitter feed but his his handle is at
Al i OS t ad and he is a good follow
this is what he says about the Crone
barson rent for points he says the
regime he had the initial cases since
number one it was just before the
election that needed high turnout now I
don't know if that's true
so that's an allegation that they had an
election coming and they needed high
turnout and it would have been
suppressed if they said there was a
problem out there number two due to
political lead did not stop flights to
China again that's an opinion because
we're not inside anybody's heads but
it's a reasonable reasonable suspicion
right it's certainly in the category of
yeah you could be number three sources
seem to be cleric students from China
arrived in Qom or however you pronounce
q om I don't think anybody knows that
but he seems to have some information
that it was just a normal you know
travel from China situation and
apparently that I ranted about clothes
or religious shrines which of course
causes transmission to be greater yeah
but here's the thing the same observer
who seems to be quite insightful I can't
vouch for so these items seemed a little
opinioni but he's got a little more the
very opinion be as opposed to factual
but he's speculating that Iran is going
to implode and that's going to happen
quickly
he thinks that law and order is actually
going to break down in the red and that
it's a matter of days now do you believe
that do you think law and order will
break down and around in a matter of
days so this falls into the category of
anything is possible
I don't think in in a matter of days
you're gonna see Iran's social fabric
break down I think is more likely people
will bog together and just try to get
through it and they're not going to want
to have I don't think the rate
citizens want to have a revolution and a
corona virus outbreak at the same time
so I think he's wrong I think that the
citizens will say let's stand on one
problem at a time
current problem emergency all right I've
got to put a tourniquet on this virus
now later later once we've got a handle
on this it might be a year from now it
might be later but later we're gonna
take a close look at how our government
handle this and you know that may be the
revolution is odd but I don't see
somebody in the middle of a medical
emergency also wanting a revolution it's
the worst possible thing they could do
so as much as I would like to see the
Iranian people fulfill their wishes and
dreams and have the government that they
want which is probably not the one they
have as much as I'd like that and as
much as I would like it to happen
quickly my advice to the people of Iran
is don't do it now because the last
thing you need is a breakdown of society
at the same time we got a medical crisis
so I'd say I'd say no breakdown of
society
I think the Iranian people are going to
be smart collectively and I think that
they're gonna they're gonna keep their
priorities in order and I'm on their
side
so so if the citizens of Iran need our
help
I hope we give it to them I know we've
offered and this is probably not the
time for a big change so Twitter user B
Machiavelli one of my favorite follows
makes this question / observation the
yes he asked me on Twitter what are the
chances given their ages you know
because the coronavirus affects older
people more one of the odds that given
their ages that that birdie Biden or
Bloomberg end up in the ICU in other
words what are the odds that one of our
very senior politicians gets the
coronavirus before Election Day
what do you think the odds is are well
here's the thing they can't really stop
shaking hands can they and I don't want
to give anybody ideas but I think in
this case everybody has the same idea so
it's not like you know it's not like I'm
gonna cause this to happen people are
gonna be evil and the odds or the
ability to spread this thing
intentionally is easy you know pretty
soon all of us are gonna know somebody
who has the coronavirus feels like it
it's not going to be hard to send
somebody to a rally to shake some hands
right so one of the things I expect and
I hate that I'm even saying this yes I
expect dirty tricks in the campaigns and
there's probably as much chance that
they will all get effect infected then
there is that none of them will so let
me say that again there's as much chance
that all of the elderly candidates get
infected all of them same chance as none
of them it's like a 50/50 so I think
it's going to happen here's a here's a
weird optimistic thought they ready for
it this is this is a horrible thought on
its you know on its surface so I don't
want to make light of this so there's no
joke here but it's actually optimistic
and it goes like this there's a really
good chance that the corona virus is
already in the United States in a much
bigger way than is so far been detected
so the number of cases been detected is
that the you know the low few dozens the
number of the number of cases that we
assume must be active because you
couldn't have a few dozen to confirm
unless certainly there's a larger group
of people who also have been exposed but
what does that group is it a hundreds is
it thousands
so here's the good news disguised as bad
news if I had to guess and this is just
speculation I saw somebody on Twitter
saying they thought 50,000 people were
infected in the United States I think
that's probably a reasonable Allah
saying it's true but that's a reasonable
speculation that feels well within the
well within the area of if you found out
later than fifty thousand people were
infected already today you'd probably
say to yourself yeah could be but here's
the thing if 50 thousand people are
already affected it means it's almost
below our notice not almost it means
it's below our notice which means that
if we had let's let's say we were less
clever and nobody had ever identified
the corona virus suppose nobody ever
knew what it was or that it was special
or than to travel that it you know was
more viral suppose nobody knew any of
that and you just woke up every day and
went to work and some of you got a cold
and some of you didn't but it's winter
so everybody gets a little something we
all get the flu take a few days off go
back to work talk about it yeah you got
the flu yeah I got the flu too it's
pretty bad
had a bad week wasn't too bad not the
worst flu I ever had
do you hear somebody is a
great-grandmother died oh that's too bad
how old was she 85 what killed her
oh you know she pneumonia so it would be
really easy to imagine a world in which
if we didn't know the coronavirus had a
name and it's special that you could
live your entire life and never know it
destroyed the entire country the the
thing which I equate to this is climate
change so the the the people who were
most afraid of climate change they did
some economic estimates they said that
in 80 years the GDP could be down to 10%
because of
climate change now what they say is down
10% from where ever it would have risen
to in 80 years
which is about five to 10 times bigger
than it is now so if it grew by five to
ten percent five times or ten times and
then at the end of that you know we saw
that well we could have gotten up
another 10% more we wouldn't notice it
it would both be a multitrillion-dollar
problem because 10% of the global GDP is
many trillions of dollars at the same
time you wouldn't notice because you've
gone up five percent before you lost
that ten percent just wouldn't even
notice
so it's possible that if we'd never
heard of the coronavirus we would hear
that a lot of people in their 80s or
dying of pneumonia and we think to
ourselves ah I will miss them that's
that's terrible that they died but they
were 85 and they were gonna die it
wasn't gonna be that long so just keep
that in mind if you find out tomorrow
that this is already massively taking
hold in America that's good news because
it means you didn't notice am I right
about that that's not crazy is it that
the best news could be that a hundred
thousand people in the United States
already have it now we still don't know
why people are dropping dead apparently
in Iran just walking down the street we
don't know why China has a high death
rate and we don't know why the United
States has not yet experienced that
except one person died who was elderly
somebody says Scott's writing off the 85
year olds
that's not what's happening so maybe you
missed the first part of this when you
said that when you said that anyway you
probably missed the first part of my
periscope when I was talking about
misinterpreting people and then
criticizing the misinterpretation which
is what you're doing of course everybody
cares about every single person but I'm
just saying you wouldn't notice it
which is different from saying it's not
important well I I noticed that I mean
I'm gonna jump around a little bit I've
noticed on Saturday Night Live that the
actress which they brought back to the
show to play Amy Klobuchar is a Rachel
Dratch that's that's the whole story
I'll give you my opinion on it but
you've probably already filled it in if
you know who Rachel Dratch is she's very
very funny comedian that had been done
Saturday Night Live in the past but what
she's most famous for and here I'm not
being cruel because she's except that
this is sort of her brand but she's sort
of famous for looking strange looking
and you know sort of not attractive and
I'm not saying she's not attractive I'm
just saying that that's her brand you
know that's the comedic the comedic role
she takes is sort of that person and so
they've got that person playing Amy
Klobuchar and there's something about
that that is first of all hilarious but
second of all it's just so it just so
gets that irrational part of your brain
where you look at her and you look at
Rachel Dratch and you say okay she
doesn't look like Amy Klobuchar like if
they showed up together at a party you
wouldn't confuse them they don't look
like each other
but you still get it you you kind of get
where they're going which is hilarious
but I also think it's sort of the the
end of Amy Klobuchar she's gonna get I
think there's a hashtag you know hashtag
Amy Klobuchar quit or you know get out
of the race or something so she's gonna
have tremendous pressure on her Adam
Schiff is in the news Adam Schiff says
that somebody's mentioning Larry David
playing the part of Bernie Sanders now
think about that Larry David is a
incredibly popular comedian playing a
popular politician it's sort of a
compliment you know even though he plays
it with a humorous way he doesn't really
insult Bernie he just has fun with his
personality but when you see Saturday
that live dropped the hammer on a bit
Amy Klobuchar that might tell you where
the where the left mind is at the moment
all right so Adam Schiff is back in the
news because he says quote profound
concerns about how the White House is
handling the coronavirus situation so
watch how often the criticisms of this
president are not about anything you can
measure just just keep that in your mind
every time you see a criticism every
every time you see something that the
president did well isn't there a number
attached to it
unemployment here's my number you know
number of people died from overdoses
here's the number I went out so all of
his accomplishments have a number
something you can measure but all of the
bad parts of President Trump fall into
the category of profound concerns we're
no longer just concerned
we're profoundly concerned that's right
the good parts of what President Trump
are doing are all things you can measure
but the bad parts profound the concerned
and it's a weird kind of profound
concern because it's the kind that
doesn't activate in the first four years
of the president's term but rather it
only activates in the second term now he
hasn't said that but I think we can all
figure that out on our own
if the profound concerns about all the
ways that the president is ruining the
country if they could be active in the
first four years the first term we'd
already see it we wouldn't have to use
words like profound to concern because
he could just point to the stats and say
look this went in the wrong direction
Chris Matthews got leased reportedly was
excluded from the coverage of the debate
the thinking is because he got the
allegations of him being inappropriate
in his language if not actions mostly
language I guess to a woman who was on
the set for a guest and I I try to look
at sort of the the national
consciousness and and how do we feel
about these stories because if a story
is about one person then it's just about
one person but your brain can easily
start forming patterns where there was
no reason for a pattern to be there in
other words you can you can see false
patterns quite easily here's one that's
starting to form the people who have
been in the news recently because of
sexual improprieties include Chris
Matthews he's not accused of anything
sexual just the way he talked but it's
in that domain so your brain puts it in
that bucket the you know the b2 bucket
then of course you've got Epstein
you've got Harvey Weinstein and you've
got Bloomberg accused of saying
uncomfortable things as well again not
accused of doing anything sexual just as
language in the past
now what did they all have in common
they're all Democrats somebody says
watch out Scott why watch out for what
so here's my point you've got four
Democrats in the news for this me two
ish behavior and at what point does the
public start alright so we've got the
anti-semites coming on board saying that
three of the four are Jewish that is
true
it's not relevant but you're correct and
saying that people will form a false
pattern and you know it'll give them one
more reason to be prejudiced if they
already are I wouldn't make anything
ahead of the religion of the people
involved but it is true that will form
false patterns
and I think part of the false pattern
will be that we'll think the Democrats
are the ones who are creepy in the meaty
way and that the that the Mike Pence
rule is getting smarter every day
now do you remember when Mike Pence was
first mocked because he said he wouldn't
go to let's say a meal like lunch or
dinner or something with a female
colleague unless he brought his wife and
do you remember how around Lee mocked he
was for that how does this sound now
every day Mike Mike Pence's rule about
not going to lunch with a woman unless
he brings his wife gets just a little
bit smarter you know it's not all the
way up to yeah we're all going to do
that that's the only thing that makes
sense but it started out as ridiculous
right the first time you heard it even
if you were Pro Pensieve and if you're a
Republican the first time you heard it
didn't you say to yourself that's a
little bit ridiculous it's a little bit
too far now what do you think now what
do you think you don't think it's
ridiculous do you you might not do it
you might think it's a bad idea you
might think that you'd rather not you
might wish the world wasn't like that
you might wish a lot of things but I'll
bet you don't think it's dumb anymore
now I've mentioned before that to the
best of my recall I have been following
the pence rule now not as specific as
bringing your wife per se but as
specific as I wouldn't have a solo meal
or a meeting even with a woman now I've
had some awkward situations where the
you know let's say there was some reason
to be interviewed or something and and
it was just a professional reason and
I've honestly made excuses I shouldn't
say this in public but I I've avoided I
believe a hundred percent of those
situations
and I'm also feeling smart about it
because you know all public all public
figures get accused of stuff falsely I
don't know if you know that but is it
the first time you've heard that all
public figures are falsely accused of
sexual improprieties all
I mean I've told you before about my
Canadian stalker there's a woman in
Canada I've never met she lives in
Canada I live here but she comes off her
meds every now and then and calls people
I work with newspapers when I read a
restaurant she called the restaurants
and accused me of traveling to Canada -
lets see what was I doing I was
ransacking her apartment going through
her computer hacking it and various
sexual improprieties now literally I've
never even met her
now how common is it for a public
figures such as myself to be accused of
that sort of thing it's almost 100
percent
pretty much all of us and I'm only
giving you one example because that
one's so clean that means literally
someone had never met
now extend that and imagine imagine the
rest of my life
right being accused of things by by
people you don't know or things that
didn't happen is just the most common
thing in the world a few famous alright
Kyle Bass who is a big anti-china regime
person almost as big as I am well he's
he's bigger in terms of his influence
but this may be not in terms of his
internal thoughts about it so he's
tweeting and I guess there's a story in
washington post's so it's got some
credibility that china's Weger we girls
are being used as slave labor reportedly
that factories the supply Nike
apple and Dell now is it true well any
reporting out of China you have to put a
little grain of sand by and any
reporting from the Washington Post
unfortunately you have to say to
yourself maybe maybe not couldn't be
political but here's the thing
The Washington Post typically leans left
and is anti-trump but this doesn't seem
to have any internal political element
to it in other words I don't think the
Washington Post is acting I don't think
it's fake news for any bias reason it
could be incorrect it could be correct
but I don't think there's any bias being
expressed as they're talking about
another country not our internal
politics and they say we Gers are being
used for slave labor now I think this is
just part of an overall trend in which
decoupling I think is guaranteed at this
point
wouldn't you say I think that decoupling
from China is guaranteed it will happen
slowly maybe it'll happen faster than we
think but I think it's a done deal now
don't you can you imagine a fortune 500
company let's say it's a year 2021
fortune 500 company they say we're going
to we want to relocate our manufacturing
outside the United States first do you
think you're gonna get away with it do
you think that your company can take the
hit of making a decision to move your
manufacturing out of the United States
in 2021 you're gonna get a lot of
pushback for that because the the move
to manufacture in America is pretty
strong right now
I don't think you could make a decision
to move your manufacturing to China
anymore I think it's done now all the
stuff that's already there you you could
easily see people who are already doing
business they're feeling it's easier to
do more business there than to remove it
so you'll see that but I don't think you
give to see a new business of any scale
go into China
you'll still sell them small companies
do it because maybe they don't have
options I think it's done for the big
which means the decoupling is a matter
of time all right there's a weird
situation happening between Syria and
Turkey and I don't know what to make of
it so I'll I'll give you the details and
see what you think so what we know is
that Turkey has claimed that they
they've got into a scuffle with Syria
and they say that Turkey has neutralized
within Syrian territory at in lib which
is kind of close to the Turkish border
turkey says they've quote neutralized
more than 2,200 Syrian troops 103 tanks
8 helicopters and today two jets so
turkey whatever neutralize means so some
number of the 2,200 Syrian troops were
killed or wounded or you have made
irrelevant a hundred and three tanks
eight helicopters and two Jets and
that's just happened in the last few
days and apparently they're avoiding war
with Russia and directly rather they're
trying to go after Syrian troops even
though it might have been Russia
involvement they killed some Turks
earlier now here's the part that I'm
curious about
here the reporting of this this is from
the headline tensions soar tensions soar
if the United States had taken out 103
tanks
2,200 Syrian troops 8 helicopters and
two Jets on another side would you refer
to that as tensions of soaring or would
you say that's a war how is that not a
war do you see where we're going here
the headlines are treating this like
it's not a war why is that I don't know
but here's a question / suspicion
I think NATO is the issue because of the
moment that we say Turkey our NATO ally
ally is at war what is that
do with NATO does NATO have to join the
war by by agreement I mean that's what
NATO is right if a NATO member gets into
a hot war doesn't NATO have to join now
I'm not saying they should I've seen
somebody saying no oh don't do it
yeah I'm not I'm not in favor of it
either but I'm wondering if the way we
report it in the West is all designed to
keep NATO out of it because there's no
way I don't call this a war that's a war
103 tags do you know how much firepower
it takes to take out 103 tanks this
didn't happen in an hour that's a lot of
war going on right now and that's a hot
war it's active it's a war but we're
gonna call this tensions soaring in the
headlights it's gotta be because of NATO
if I'm wrong about that somebody fill me
in but I guess the and and Turkey is
making sure that they don't directly
fight with Russia no because I think
that would trigger it for sure and we
don't want a NATO war with Russia it's
the last thing we want so I think that's
why Turkey's doing that but they're they
they're doing this clever thing Turkey
is by opening their northern borders to
let the refugees stream through Turkey
into Greece and Europe and I guess this
threat had been made before that if
turkey doesn't get more help from Europe
they're gonna say well okay now you're
now you're having you can have the same
problem we do now on one hand I hate
that Turkey is doing this it's a really
messed up thing to do because they are
intentionally causing Europe a pretty
big problem because Europe is not
helping them avoid that same problem and
I look at this and I think to myself why
is it that turkey is responsible for the
refugees and Europe is not is it just
because turkey is bordering them turkey
says that's not that's not good enough
apparently just being on the border
doesn't mean we have to take them
I think turkey is making a move here
that from a let's say a moral standpoint
and even a political one is kind of
solid even though I hate it I mean I
hate that all the the problems that the
refugees are gonna cause all the
problems that Turkey is causing by
letting them pass through to Europe I
hate all of that but I have but I have
to admit if I were Turkey and I had to
manage this situation I think I'd do the
same thing I think I'd opened the border
and saying you know we don't need to be
the solution to your problem Europe
because Turkey doesn't have the
responsibility for these refugees they
don't the world has responsibility you
could argue but not turkeys specifically
and so turkey said this doesn't have to
be our problem watch this it's actually
a pretty good move I gotta say I don't
know what Europe does in response but
that's a pretty strong move all right so
enough of that I think that's about it
for today let's see if I miss anything
Oh Benjamin Netanyahu has a new campaign
slogan Benjamin Netanyahu's campaign
slogan is keep Israel great remember I
talked earlier about how everything is
about Trump or no Trump the entire world
is just a trump or no Trump world we've
completely stopped talking about things
which are not Trump and even Israel is
is in it now all right I think that's
about all I wanted to talk about you
guys got anything to say all right so
today and tomorrow I'm gonna be testing
some new equipment for live-streaming
against I don't know if it's gonna work
but with any luck I'll have a very
special guest Monday ish not for
necessarily the periscope in the morning
but later so we're gonna I've gotta wait
on that because if my technology doesn't
work I have to I have to you know do a
little tap dance here but assuming
everything works you're gonna see some
guest interviews and I think you're
gonna like a lot so there's that oh you
left my audio book thank you so much
Victorian somebody's asking me about
Bitcoin nobody knows about Bitcoin so
there's that okay let me give you my
coronavirus prediction and then I will
sign off and it goes like this I believe
the United States is in this erase so
our race is to suppress the coronavirus
as much as possible so we can buy time
now the time that we need to buy is
about a year burn together some kind of
a vaccination can we buy a year well
obviously Iran can't Iran cannot buy a
year sorry
but can the United States China can't
buy a year but can't the United States I
don't think we can I don't think the
United States will be able to be
somewhat free of the coronavirus for a
year I would expect by summer it will be
raging but most people will just have a
cold and go home so that's where I think
it's gonna go but let me tell you
something you don't know to add to this
coronavirus story so do you remember in
the year 2000 there was going to be the
year 2000 bargain it was going to
destroy all the computers but then the
technologists got involved and they got
really focused and serious
and somebody figured out how to do it
quickly maybe more than one person they
don't they built programs to automate
the task of reprogramming exactly as I
predicted they would and it all worked
in great
now of course the medical medical world
is working as hard as they can in the
scientific world to try to find a quick
response to the corona virus now if you
imagined that this would go the way
other things go you might be wrong
because we've never had this much
attention so concentrated on something
so important and so Ty Burrell a that
it's a lot of science focused in one
place and there's one development or
field of development that you don't know
about and I'm going to tell you because
I do several years ago about three years
ago I was working with the Berkeley you
know the college of Berkeley the
University for startups that were coming
out of the Berkeley world and I got to
see a bunch of startups that you haven't
seen in fact I invested in several of
them and so I got to learn about
something that you don't know about yet
and it's good and it's this after 9/11
the government of the United States
wanted the government labs to to figure
out how to quickly diagnose various bio
weapons in the field so the problem was
that if you had some suspected
bioweapons somewhere you needed to know
as quickly as possible what you were
dealing with and it would at the time
the technology meant giving a sample
sending it back to somebody lab if they
tested it in the lab and it takes
however long that takes so the
government wanted the labs to develop a
quick simple portable way to test for
bio weapons and I assume I assume that
any kind of blood test etc well hat what
came out of that was some technology
specific technology to make it really
cheap and easy so I don't know the
details but basically there's there's
some microchips involved and there's
some tiny needles in some cases there's
basically a set of technologies that the
government labs developed which are now
available to private industry so a
private industry can license these
technologies for I don't nothing or
cheap or whatever it is because the
government came up with it I've seen
these devices so it's not theoretical I
have seen on a sitting on the table
several actually several different
devices that you can put on a table you
know easy to lift easy to carry you
could probably put it in a backpack and
just plug it in and you could take blood
tests right there now the diagnosis part
might be a little harder that that might
take a special chip special piece of
equipment but here's the thing that I
want to tell you from where I saw it
three years ago these were already well
developed devices from those well
developed devices I don't think it's the
biggest leap in the world to customize
those for the coronavirus and here's the
other big technological change the
reason that we used to send stuff to
China and other places for manufacturing
is because they could do it more cheaply
that has changed what changed is
automation if the best way to build
something is is robots then China pays
the same for robots as we do and you
don't want it to be made by Chinese
robots because then you have to pay to
ship it back here so the least cost
weight manufacturer used to be Russia
I'm sorry used to be China because you
could have people do it but as long as
it's robots the United States is
actually the best cost so here are the
trends to look for that could come
together really quickly robots building
test devices they could wrap up a lot
faster than you think
so getting the you know getting the
robots built to build it is gonna take
some work but once they're built they're
going to build some machines and we
could do that quickly and then the
second part is the diagnostic part
diagnostic part that these new low-cost
devices are very close to being able to
so here's the thing what I what I knew
that you didn't know until just now
is that the the physical technology to
be able to rapidly test everyone is way
better than you imagined it is we're way
closer
doesn't mean it'll all come together in
the homework outlets it's a little
unpredictable but the technology is
right there so two points of optimism
one it's entirely possible that a
hundred thousand people are infected in
this country that we didn't even notice
which tells you we might not notice it
if it gets worse but also the technology
that looks like it's far away in three
months you're gonna see things come
online that you thought were impossible
well here's my prediction my prediction
in three months you'll see technologies
a technology let's say solutions for
coronavirus and it might be only a
solution for testing not necessarily a
solution for a vaccine but in three
months you're gonna see things that you
didn't think were physically possible or
technologically possible that's my
prediction
that's the good news and I'll talk to
you later