well I'm wondering where is the show
there it
is there it is we're all
[Music]
good good morning everybody and welcome
to the highlight of human civiliz ation
it's called coffee with Scott Adams
you've probably never had a better time
but it's even going to get better and
for that all you need is a cuper Mugger
glass of tanker chel Su a canteen Jugger
flask a vessel of any kind fill it with
your favorite liquid I like coffee and
join me now for the UN parallel pleasure
of the dopamine hit of the day the thing
that makes everything better it's called
the simultaneous SI and app is now
go ah
Divine just perfect
well I did sink two and of three putts
from 15 ft this morning this is how I
determine the quality for the rest of
the day and 23 from 15 ft good day ahead
good good day ahead so you got that to
look forward
to well here's my theme for the day so
have you noticed that the cost of lying
in politics is zero when was the last
time anybody had a bad outcome because
they lied in
politics a no
video why would that be so we've got no
video
on yeah I see the blank screen
myself what would cause
that YouTube is working so what is
working so I'm on YouTube how about
x no video on
locals no video on
browser all right everybody that looks
unfixable so I would go to rumble or
YouTube or
X all all three are up at the moment it
looks like the locals feed is down so I
recommend that you bail
out um yeah just bail out from locals
and I will see you on one of the other
platforms we'll have to do
that ladies and gentlemen that's why
we've got four platforms running at the
same time it's kind of weird that Rumble
is part of locals but that's the one
that's not working at the
moment see if there's anything looks
strange on my end
no I don't know so if you're on locals
sorry about the picture um you need to
run over to YouTube or rumble or X it's
all there it's open up all right so
where was
I that it's so disconcerting when that
happens stop cutting off the
locals yeah locals is not cut
off all right everybody get off of uh
you want to get off of locals because
the video is not going to come back as
far as I know actually I'll open it up
and
see but my main theme today is that
there's no cost of lying in
politics and presumably that's going to
have exactly the impact you
think that's
weird where is a
video all let's see if anything's
changed nope no
change all right looks like a number of
you want to stay on locals just for the
comments but you don't have any video so
I'll look at your comments but there's
no video on locals right now you can see
it on YouTube in Rumble and
X all right um so there's no cost in
lying and I wonder if we'll see any
effect from that have you noticed that
there's any effect in the real
world um am I going to have to turn off
the
comments I might have to turn off the
comments CU you can only talk about the
technical
problem there's nothing I can do about
it but if that's all you can talk
about all right try try to calm down do
me a favorite in the comments could you
tell the new people coming in because
people will just be joining tell tell
them that they need to go to one of the
other platforms just for this morning
seems to be a little technical problem
all
right so here's my favorite story of the
day representative Adam shiff um went to
San Francisco for a meeting and that
didn't work out because his luggage was
stolen from his
car and uh so he had to wear a little
hunting
vest who wears a hunting
vest yeah I I've never understood the
the hunting vest
are there a lot of situations where your
torso is cold but your arms are warm
enough I've never been in a situation
where you know I'm thinking my arms are
just right but this torso area I just
need to get that a little warmer so I'll
put it in my little hunting
vest
anyway so Adam shiff had to go to his
meeting in a hunting vest when everybody
else was wearing suits kind of
embarrassing but uh seems a little
perfect that the democ R got robbed
going to San Francisco so good job Adam
Schiff you've done a great job with your
state now the emperor has no
clothes somebody actually said the
emperor has no
clothes I've never seen a situation
where that phrase actually worked it's
one of my most hated phrases because
everybody says it about everything oh
the emperor has no clothes the emperor
has no clothes I'm just so sick of
hearing that phrase
and then finally there's somebody who
has his actually clo his clothes
actually stolen from him like okay
finally the emperor has no clothes it
it'ss well there's other news from San
Francisco president shei of China is
also in San Francisco or he was and he
was speaking and uh he says he wants to
be friends with the us and that he won't
fight a war with anyone you will not
fight a war with
anyone you know
I think his comments would have been
more credible except for the fact that
he was wearing Adam schiff's suit when
he said
it
so
that's thank you very much people that's
the end of the show
no I feel like I should end it on that
it just go out
big come on that's a good joke he was
wearing Adam Shi suit yeah that's called
the call
back well I actually believe China when
China says they want to be friends with
the US and they don't want a war of
course they do of course they do but
they want to be the kind of friends that
eventually dominate you and take all
your
business so and they want to spy on you
and you know do that kind of stuff but I
do believe he doesn't want a
war can you can you imagine any scenario
in which China knew would be better off
starting a war there's no scenario in
which that makes sense for them it
certainly makes sense for them to you
know Flex their muscles and try to get
some control over their local islands
and you know try to make noise about
Taiwan everything China does makes sense
to me that that's the one thing I always
appreciate about China you never have to
wonder what they're thinking do you it's
always it's always right out there you
know there's no there's not much of a
trick to it you know they're spying on
you you know they're trying to take your
markets but there's no surprise to it I
kind of like that I like transparency
even if it's
bad well let's talk about uh more about
racist
California uh there's now a proposal
that's getting some traction to raise my
ta raise your taxes if you're white or
basically non-black so everybody
non-black would pay more taxes and black
residents would get a uh break on their
property taxes and if you were to apply
for a work license of some sort a kind
of license that the state would give you
then if you're white you go to the back
of the line and the black residents
would go to the front so the The
Proposal is to be a racist uh
state so the the the way California
wants to deal with the legacy of slavery
that happened in other
states ju just try to hold this in your
mind
California never had any
slavery so they want to give reparations
to The Descendants for the thing that
never happened in California and the way
they want to make it right is by having
an openly racist
system now it hasn't been
approved but but the Ridiculousness of
the fact that this even is a
conversation is incredible incredible
all right so here's a fun thing
do you know how hard it's been to try to
figure out uh all the claims about
election irregularity and every day
you'll hear another claim it's like oh
this County did something and I don't
understand it and this County may have
done something and I don't understand it
well here's where data visualization
comes in handy so I just posted and I
think you will like it a lot on the
xplatform a data visualization done by
uh an account mad Liber Li so mad
liberals has been doing tons of research
on his own apparently uh using public
sources and put together a data
visualization of Which counties had what
kind of problems just in Georgia now you
have to see it to be impressed at the
data
visualization it was the it was the best
thing I've seen so far it was the best
thing I've seen about the 2020 election
in the sense that you could very quickly
get a sense of where the problems were
and how much and how widespread and it's
shocking right now I can't I can't vouch
for the data but apparently it's public
sources and uh it's
shocking the the the number of problems
in specific places it'll blow your mind
yeah now I can't again I can't verify
the data but if it's accurate it's
pretty Shocky
Matt Walsh is creating a little uh
controversy as he often does on X so
apparently the other day he said on X uh
that the key to losing weight is to eat
less and exercise more and there was
some metabolic Health practitioner he
calls her I guess she calls herself uh
finds the idea so absurd that she
assumes it must be a joke and mocked him
for thinking that losing weight is just
about eating less and exercising more
what do you think who's right the the
so-called metabolic Health
practitioner or Matt Walsh who says if
you want to lose weight just eat less
and exercise
more um I'm going to go with the
metabolic Health
practitioner yeah because the the idea
of just eating less and exercise more is
a willpower based idea all willpower
based concept CS fail because willpower
isn't even real so this is magical
thinking thinking that you can lose
weight by just try hard I'll concentrate
harder to eat less and exercise more use
my willpower it's not really a thing
that's magical thinking here here's what
does work if you've seen my book had to
failed almost everything and still went
big I talk about you manage your
Cravings instead if you manage your
Cravings they you have to worry about
free will not existing because you won't
want the thing that you're not supposed
to do so if you go about it from a uh
working on your Cravings perspective
you're going to get something that this
metabolic Health
practitioner probably knows about fairly
well actually so for example I teach you
that you should just identify a problem
food for me it was let's say french
fries at one point and I would just say
I'll eat that everything I want except
french fries so now there's no willpower
involved because it's not really hard to
eat everything you want all the time
except french fries and then I just once
I lose the craving for the french fries
I'll just pick another thing and you
just remove your most problematic things
without any willpower at all so in the
end you do eat less but has more to do
with your mix of foods than it does with
quantity so in in some very General way
Matt Walsh is Right eating less and
exercising more is good for you of
course but you can't really get there
with that philosophy it's it's a
philosophy that locks you in a corner
you can't get out so the one that works
is to work on your Cravings you can read
that in my
book K haris said uh recently quote I
just don't think people should have to
go to jail for smoking
weed uh when she was a uh district
attorney she oversaw 1900 convictions
for marijuana related
offenses but isn't it great that she's
not in favor of it now not in favor of
it now 1,00 people whose lives were
probably ruined by
that but speaking of drugs uh Food and
Drug Administration the FDA they've
approved a breakthrough status for
LSD which means it could be used um for
treatments so there' have been clinical
trials in which uh some bio company
called Mind men
mindmed uh found out that uh very small
doses of el not not enough for you to be
tripping or anything will make you feel
uh less depressive and less anxiety and
basically less
PTSD basically it's like a a cure all
for a whole bunch of medical things now
do you remember the discussion I had
yesterday or so in which I was just
speculating that the reason our mental
health is so bad lately is that we were
designed to be tribal and family but
many of us lost our tribal family and
even work connections and we're just
alone and and even if there are people
around if you feel alone I think it
makes you crazy um you know I'll use the
general word but the way it might uh
Express itself in an individual might be
a variety of different things that have
different names but my speculation is
this is just speculation this is not
backed by science that uh the feeling of
being alone is what actually stimulates
these mental problems now this gets us
to the question of how in the world
would
LSD or you know some of these drugs like
ecstasy MDMA and ketamine how would they
make you
feel less mental health problems fewer
mental health problems
um and they're all different drugs right
easy LSD MDMA ketamine so they all seem
to have been indicated for helping a
variety of problems so here here's
what's
interesting the ones that work at all
work on a variety of mental problems
isn't that interesting it's a variety of
different drugs have different
mechanisms and when they work at all
they work on a variety of me problems
not just
one now here's what that suggests to me
connecting it to my earlier
thought my brief experience with
um let's say uh
chemistry suggests that some drugs make
you feel not
alone marijuana does marijuana makes you
feel like you don't care that you're
alone and it also cures all your mental
problems for some people
don't recommend it I'm not a doctor so
don't do anything I say in the medical
sense that would be a bad idea but
here's my here's my speculative
hypothetical take on this I think that
the drugs that are working for these
mental health problems because it it's a
variety of different problems I think
they're all related to how alone you
feel or how connected you feel and these
are drugs that make you feel connected
even if you're not sitting in the same
room with
people I think it's all about connection
it's all about connection I I think
that's going to be the Magic Bullet is
that we're going to realize the reason
these drugs work is because they make
you feel
connected that's what I
think well green Jean Pierre there's a
story now circulating who knows how true
it is if this story were about the Trump
White House I would tell you I don't
necessarily believe it because you know
if the sources are SC it sounds a little
rumor likee but it's believable and the
rumor is that the top aids to Biden were
secretly trying to push Karine John
Pierre out of her job because she's
really terrible at it and that Karen
John Pierre doesn't want to go anywhere
so she's going to hang tight and uh
they're they're trouble nudging her they
tried to nudge out but it failed and one
of the reasons given for why they were
unsuccessful in nudging IR of a job
which
I think everybody who's watching knows
she's completely unqualified for it
would you agree I don't think there are
any Democrats watching grin John Pier
who's saying yeah yeah she's nailing it
for our team I I doubt there's anybody
who thinks she's qualified or capable to
do the
job um but apparently the internal
reports are that they've got a diversity
problem so because she's black and
female and
lesbian anything you do to replace her
gets you a little less diversity than
you had before you know chances are
unless you find another uh I guess you
could top it with if she were disabled
but uh so they've trapped themselves
with their own philosophy of putting
identity over capability and then they
got somebody who didn't have the
capability but had the identity and they
couldn't couldn't change person now
now I would like to use her as her my
example of all of corporate
America do you think only the the White
House has this problem that there's
somebody not doing the job but they know
they can't get rid of them because they
would get sued or it would look bad it's
everywhere yeah it's massive it's a
gigantic problem and and again let me be
very careful about this has nothing to
do with anybody's genes or race nothing
to do with that has nothing to do with
everybody's culture nothing to do with
that it's just that if you find yourself
in a situation where you have an
incompetent employee which has nothing
to do with their genes or their culture
it just could be not everybody's killing
it all the time you can't get rid of
them because you're sort of Trapped in
your own philosophy of well I wanted
this diversity it's going to look really
bad if I get rid of
it so watching the Democrats have the
problem that they created is kind of fun
uh biomics is not working out so well
the GDP just plunged from 2.4 to
1.6 and if the GDP Falls below the
inflation rate which apparently it has
done now temporarily at least we have a
thing called stag
flation how many of you lived through
stag flation oh I remember it
well it was pretty bad and the the Stag
inflation is when the the economy is not
growing but the inflation is it's your
worst
situation because if the economy is
growing at the same time as inflation
they can kind of balance each other but
if your economy is shrinking and your
inflation is growing you got your stag
inflation and you're
screwed now it could take a it could
take a decade to climb out of that if
you get in deep enough so we could be
entering a decade of you know not ideal
situation but we'll
see so I don't know if anybody saw a uh
I I was trying to jump start a
conversation of what would it take for
us to survive economically and survive
is the right word because we're we're at
a point where survival is actually a
legitimate question like actually dying
because the the we're we're so poorly
managed in terms of our debt that it
could kill us it could kill us all like
literally it could kill every one of us
that's how bad it is and so I said what
would it take to fix it and so I just
put out as a you know stick in the
ground something to talk about I said
suppose you cut all the expenses across
the board by
15% 15
15% suppose you could boost the
GDP um let's say up to 4% which would be
really high um but let's say you did it
with AI and robots and uh self-driving
cars and you know maybe another energy
boom under Trump for example I feel like
you could you know if we're in a rare
time when when we've got a technology
switch over to Ai and robots you could
and everybody's got to sell a new car to
get self-driving cars they're going to
want that so it's actually possible that
the United States is entering a super
cycle of upgrade raing and replacement
and it could be
amazing but you need to really do
everything right and you probably almost
certainly would need a Republican
president to just take the controls off
long enough to boost the GDP so let's
say if you got a 15% cut in expenses
which would be Draconian I mean it would
be hugely painful and you've got a 4%
GDP which is hard like really hard but
this might be the only time you could do
it because of the new stuff coming
online but then what else you'd have to
you'd have to manage your inflation to
maybe 3% to keep it under the GDP but
still high enough that you're eating
away the debt because you want a little
bit of inflation to eat away the debt
while you're paying it down at the same
time now when I said that the push back
I got from a senior or two was um how am
I supposed to live on my fixed income if
you take 15% away there's just doesn't
work to which I say you're right it
doesn't the only way you could do it
would be a massive reorganization of how
people live so for example how many
seniors are living in a house by
themselves with extra
bedrooms and their biggest problem is
that they're
lonely a bunch probably a lot you have
could could you reach a situation where
people just do the things they wouldn't
do
ordinarily like um you know share some
expenses you know maybe they don't all
need a car maybe maybe the only car at
times you need a car is to drive to a
doctor appointment once a week so maybe
you share a car I I I could imagine the
seniors drastically reorganizing their
lives to save that
15% but also having Better Lives as a
result because they more connection so
if you're going to take 15% away from
people's income which is
Draconian you're going to have to
compensate by making something a lot
better lowering costs maybe lowering
pharmaceutical costs if you can
something but anyway uh I don't know if
it's even possible to get out of the
problem we're in Deb wise but I wanted
to put a stake in the ground and let
people argue about it because if it's
the big problem in our country have you
noticed nobody's talking about it when
we do talk about it we say things like
oh too much debt well that's not really
talking about it talking about it is
what would you do about it that could
actually work in the real world nobody's
having that conversation am I right by
the way I hate it when people say this
is the conversation we should have but
it's conspicuously missing that nobody
in leadership and nobody in the Press
has said you know this is our biggest
problem you know the debt
bomb uh and here's the only way we could
get out of it it would look something
like
this does it scare you at all that
nobody's willing to even suggest a way
to get
out because if nobody's suggesting it it
might be because nobody thinks it could
work isn't the most obvious story that
you would ever see well we got this big
problem but here's how we get
out isn't that the way you handle every
other story it's a big problem here's
what we're doing about it there's
literally nothing
happening nothing there's not a single
thing happening that would reduce the
biggest problem we have nothing and
there's not even uh news about it so I
was trying to Kickstart that and I think
it just sort of died and nobody wanted
to talk about it I think it's literally
that nobody wants to talk about bad news
that's
it V has a plan I'm I see people say V
has a plan he has a plan about the
debt because I haven't seen
it oh look for that if if there is a
vague plan by the way he's exactly the
one who should be doing it because
you're going to need somebody who's got
not only the uh let's say the coonies
but the intellectual heft to put it
together
so yeah I mean V probably is the only
one who could save us
there rasmuson did a poll of uh who
people think will win so this is not
their preferences and it's not who they
will vote for it's who they think other
people will vote for and 56% of likely
voters say former president Trump is
likely to be elected does that sound
right that sounds right to me this is
one of those polls where the actual
numberers like yeah that sounds
that's about where I would have guessed
that would have come out so that seems
believable Trump believe it or not has
decided he's going to try to win New
York
State I love that so much so he's
trapped in New York for his lawfare
trials and uh I think he's going to try
to book Madison Square Garden and just
he's going to try to win now how crazy
that is is that he used to he lost um
and Republicans typically don't have a
chance in New York and but he he pulled
within um 10 points now you say to
yourself 10 points that's not very good
if you're 10 points away that's a lot
but it used to be
23 he's cut it by more than
half and uh here here's the thing the
people don't give Trump enough credit
for it might be his single best
teacher that man can read a room am I
right he he can feel the
Zeitgeist like nobody ever has like he's
so tapped into just you know the vibe
the you know the the feel the direction
the attitude somehow he's just always
just right on that and I think he is
correctly seeing that not only putting
up a fight in the law fair in New York
is making him look look good but if he
took it to the state and just went on
offense in New York and he said well if
your Judiciary is trying to take it from
me I'm going to take your
State that's what he just
did just just hold that in your mind the
reason there's so much lawfare is that
it's a democr
state right I mean if if it were a
Republican state he wouldn't even be in
court so instead of saying I'm going to
fight this court case and you know do my
best in the court case and go on he just
said I'm going to take your
State and he's got a
shot it's the most
ballsy
smartest reading the room I've ever seen
I mean it's just impressive now I don't
think anybody else would have come up
with that idea do you I mean it's so
only Trump that it's like right on brand
it's an imp possible
fight on paper it's impossible he's
going to make it close I don't know that
he'll win but the fact that he's he's
taking offense in New
York how much does his base love to see
him taking offense do you know what he's
going to do he's going to fill the
Madison Square
Garden do you know what that's going to
look like he's going to walk out of his
little fake rigged uh lawsuit
he's going to go across the street you
know so to speak and he's going to he's
just going to rock the biggest
Arena or at least the most famous one I
guess everything about that is A+ from a
political perspect he's just so good at
reading reading the room and finding the
finding the opening I love
this anyway the uh here's something else
that's just brilliant
I love the fact I love the fact that the
tiktock boom looks like or the tiktock
ban or something like it looks like it's
GNA happen and that the Trump and vake
were both smart enough to to go pro Tik
Tock just before it
happened it's the perfect play because
the and Trump uh can say to young people
well you know we've been telling you we
didn't want a Bann but then they also
get a baned because because it's not up
to Trump it's not up to vake you know
they don't get to vote on this one so
that so they can play it both ways they
can get it banned because because Tik
tok's bad for Republicans but they could
also act like they were always in favor
of keeping
it so it turns out that the political
people are saying wait a minute if Tik
Tock gets banned all those young people
who supported Biden are going to blame
him because he has to sign it Biden's
going to put his name on goodbye Tik
Tock how how how in the world is he
going to keep young people if he signs
off on killing Tik
Tok so once again V and Trump have
played this perfectly they read the room
they said you know I don't want to be in
that room I I can't be the ones who are
are Banning Tik Tock so they they get
their big investor to fund them that
Jeff yass who owns the big piece of uh
of bite
dance so there's a big Republican donor
they can make Happy by not wanting to
ban it they still get his money they
still get the
ban and they get the credit for not
wanting to ban it it couldn't be
better and and it's going to actually
Hammer uh Biden
because young people like their Tik
Tok all right uh so here's another one
this story is funny too so you know how
uh Germany uh phased down its nuclear
power and it seems like it did it kind
of quickly and then they ran out of
power so they've got an energy shortage
and they closed down all the nuclear
power and did you say to
yourself why are they doing
that like it just looks
crazy well we found out why turns out
there's a report uh this news is just
coming out in Germany that the
parliament's decision about that closing
down their nukes according to Sabine
hassenfeld who's a German physicist uh a
member of the German Ministry she says
for nuclear safety seems to just have
Rewritten relevant passages of an
information document to imply that it
would not be possible to delay the phase
out due to safety concerns so in other
words the decision by Germany was based
on somebody rewrote some data rewrote
something to make it not true to make
them think if they didn't close down the
nuclear power nuclear power plants right
away uh it would be too dangerous to
wait and it was just made up you you
just rro something so
Germany remember I told you there's no
penalty for lying in politics well here
it is apparently allegedly this German
Minister just loost
and destroy the nuclear energy industry
in this country with one
lie do you think there'll be a penalty
for that nah no no no there's no penalty
for lying in politics you lie all you
walk in fact you get paid for
it here's a uh strange positive
California just opened up some uh 10,000
megawatt battery storage facility not
too far for me up in Sacramento and
apparently I didn't know this at all but
apparently California is actually doing
great on putting in major battery
storage I did not know this either but
apparently we had such good solar power
in California that we were creating more
energy than we could store so we were
creating all the solar energy with all
our solar rooftops and we had to ship it
to another state where they could store
it in their batteries
can you believe that we were creating
more than we needed shipping it to
someone else so they could store it in
their batteries and then we would run
out of
electricity but
apparently
um they're looking for 100% clean grid
by
2045 and new said the storage saved us
last year because we'd had enough
batteries to get us by and I
recall I recall last year being the
first year in a while that I hadn't been
asked to maybe turn down my
electricity do I have that right I don't
know if there's another California here
but I feel like in every prior year
there was always that summer where they
say you know it wouldn't be bad if you
turn down your AC you maybe or maybe tur
it up to 85 just for now because we
don't have enough electricity but I feel
like we didn't do that last
year which could suggest that California
turned the corner and and is going to
have maybe a green and reliable Network
it's actually possible maybe maybe I
mean we'll find a way to do it wrong
but all right and uh battery storage is
is looking like it's going to fall
another 40% by 2030 it's already way
down you know all of this would suggest
that Elon Musk was
right for years saying that uh solar
Plus batteries was going to be the way
to go
because that gives you the
stability um now I'm still big on
nuclear energy and I don't think that
Elon Musk is against nuclear energy but
he was right because the economics of
solar were always about the cost of the
batteries right at least in recent years
the only problem was you couldn't store
it and apparently they're solving that
cost of the batteries is dropping like
crazy
so that's good
news I saw a scientist say that AI was
going to create all kinds of scientific
breakthroughs because AI would be able
to do a an instant metaanalysis of all
the things happening in science now a
metaanalysis is where uh the studies
maybe are different kinds of studies for
the same topic but the studies um
individually were not that reliable or
maybe they had conflicting results but a
meta analysis will look at all the
studies and try to figure out overall if
you if this one's a little bad but the
other ones compensate for it you know
maybe the big picture you can tease out
something useful so they say the AI will
be able to do this better than people
because it'll just sort of automatically
look for these correlations and stuff to
which I say okay this is the dumbest
thing a scientist ever said because
metan is is about as credible as
horoscopes uh I'll tell you why in a
second but they're all excited because
they'll be able to do it
faster to me this sounds like hey you
know we were doing horoscopes before but
once we have ai we're going to do
horoscopes so fast and so good but
here's the problem nobody needed to do
any horoscopes because they're not
real same with
metaanalysis it does doesn't matter how
well you do it it's not a
thing now here's what I mean it's a
thing in the sense that people do it and
and serious people do them and serious
people will tell you this meta analysis
told you something
serious have I mentioned that lying in
politics there's no penalty well
metaanalysis is one of the ways that
people lie in politics and here's why a
metaanalysis is just complete
BS you have to use your human judgment
to decide which studies are good enough
to be in the mix is the AI going to do
that let me give you an example let's
say there's a bunch of studies on a
topic and the AI goes out and says oh
there's a bunch of studies I'm going to
collect them all together and then I'm
going to do a metaanalysis on them and
it comes out wow this is a good idea
whatever it is this drug works or
something and then you can ask this
question who funded the biggest study in
the mix because the biggest study is the
one that's going to drive the overall
result often there's one study that's
80% of all the volume of all the other
studies and if you balance it you know
if you if you put all the people into
the same mix that one study is going to
basically tell you how the whole thing's
going to go but what if the one study
the one with the most people in it was
funded by somebody in Industry who got
the answer they wanted is the AI going
to be smart enough to say oh this was
funded by people who wanted this outcome
so therefore we'll take it out of the
meta study nope it will probably just
throw it in there and and if you were to
say but uh hey uh take out all the
studies where they were funded by
somebody in the industry does that work
nope because that was a study as soon as
you had the human judgment or even try
to program the Machine T have human
judgment you end up making your
metaanalysis just your assumptions and
that's the opposite of useful so if your
assumption is that this study or this
study is in or around that's what's
going to drive the answer it's not the
studies it was your assumption about
which one is good enough so it's not
science it's a way to launder opinions
so great AI can do that really
fast something you didn't need to do all
right here's a mind Bender for you
I saw yet another story about people
complaining about trans athletes in
women's sports and women all their
medals I guess there have been over 900
cases of uh trans athletes you know
people biologically born male who won
something in a women's competition so
people are saying it's getting worse and
worse and so I asked
myself what is the ratio of women versus
men who think it's a good idea for Trans
athletes to compete on women's
teams and so I looked it up what do you
think what do you think was the answer
when I looked up to find the polling on
whether there's a difference between men
and women about whether they want the
situation with trans athletes what do
you think I
found
nothing I did find a number of polls
where people were asked you know are you
in favor of the trans athletes Etc
but that's not what I was asking I
wanted to know what women think
specifically because here's my here's my
assumption by the fact that I couldn't
find it the fact that I couldn't find
what women think versus what men think
strongly suggests to me that this is a
woman driven issue meaning that I've
never met a man who thinks that uh trans
athletes should compete on women's teams
I've never met one not once now I don't
run into a lot of Democrats so maybe
there are lots of Democrats men who do
believe it but wouldn't you like to know
that wouldn't you like to know if the
people driving it are
entirely Democrat
women because I don't think so now
here's why I think
so if you're a woman and you don't play
sports does it seem like such a big deal
that somebody who who is a trans athlete
plays on a on a team if you're not an
athlete yourself and you've never played
that
sport maybe it doesn't seem like a big
deal take soccer for example if you
didn't play
soccer and you said all right trans
athlete you know women
athletes well I see them running around
it looks about the same to me yeah I can
see one has a little muscle defin but
basically you're running around kicking
a ball
right like how much of a gender
difference does that
make let me give you the
answer the the men will just
destroy I mean anybody who let's say
grew up as a man with testosterone it's
really
dangerous ladies you don't have any idea
how dangerous we are you have no idea
how dangerous men
are I I've watched I watched a man break
another man's leg playing soccer just
because he could literally I I watched
somebody break somebody's leg cuz he was
mad at him he just kicked his leg and
broke it I watched it live he was just
real mad at that guy so he broke his
leg now um I don't think that so I think
this is part of the problem I think that
women who are maybe not athletes
themselves don't have any idea how
dangerous this is I mean they might know
that boxing is dangerous but even tennis
is
dangerous you know well less dangerous
than most things I guess but anything
where there's even a possibility of
physical contact like basketball
football well there's not much women's
football but uh almost every sport where
there's something kinetic going on and
you're near each other it's pretty
dangerous yeah so I think it's a woman
women screwing up other women problem
and it's interesting that the news
doesn't want us to frame it that way
because you'd feel differently about
it well you know about the protests at
Colombia University did you know that
the president of uh Columbia is uh
apparently being accused of being a
giant plagiarist who has only one
well-sited publication and it was
largely stolen from somebody
else so that's the president of Columbia
those are the Alle
ations I I can't prove it myself that's
just today's
allegations so there's that a Yale
Professor busted uh her she was born in
Egypt I think
anyway um then there's more questions
about who is funding and organizing
these protesters at the college campuses
the this is the pro Palestinian protest
and of course there's allegations that
George
Soros is paying student radicals to uh
to organize and then people are saying
hey I think there's some
foreign involvement too well who would
it be because I guess the tents look
like they were already purchased and
organized and you know even before the
protest it looked like there was a good
deal of groundwork that went into the
organization I feel like it would have
to be Iran wouldn't
it don't you think Iran would be the one
with the greatest incen intive to get
this going I don't know so uh probably
Soros money is making its way there
directly or
indirectly
um and then uh I guess Ohio state is
going to be next but here's my take on
this this is so pro- Republican it's
crazy now anything that goes wrong gets
blamed on the incumbents even if it's
not their fault so the fact that Biden's
the president and we're watching the
colleges being taken down by Palestinian
protesters this is all bad all bad for
Democrats because I mean certainly the
Jewish population of the United States
is going to look at this and say you
know what this is a sort of thing that
would be there would be less of if the
Republicans were in charge so I'd be
amazed if this doesn't cause a move
toward Republicans at least in the
Jewish American
voters um
but you know we keep waiting for these
summer
riots if these are the summer
riots this is all good for republicans
and I I guess DeSantis is doing his
DeSantis thing you know making tough
laws in Florida about doing this sort of
thing so I think there's going to be a
real contrast between the uh Democrat
Lefty kind of colleges being taken down
by by their own their own system
basically and and Republican entities
that did better so that's all good for
Republicans uh bad for the Jewish
Americans but from a political
perspective I don't want to let let me
uh let me be careful in my wording here
I'm not in favor of it because it has
some political
Advantage it's it's a terrible thing so
i' like it to stop but if it doesn't it
does have a political uh element to
it um if you were do do you know what
the protesters are
demanding so you've all seen the news
now tell me what they're
demanding do you know and why are they
on colleges what what do the colleges
have to do with anything they're they're
not the government why aren't the
protesters going after the
government do do any of you know what
they're asking asking
for I do I'm going to tell you in a
moment so they're asking for the
colleges to uh to
divest from any companies that are U
helping
Israel now you know that's impossible
right because that's basically the you
know half of the Fortune 500 companies
are probably helping Israel or have
business in Israel or they have some
employees there or something so you
can't really do it it's not is that
really something you could do so it
makes me think that the demands are not
even
real because they must know it's not
practical it's not going to happen but I
think it makes a good
show um to most
Americans I think most people just
watching it on the news are going to
interpret it as being a anti-semitic
movement nobody's going to say oh it's
about divesting it's sort of an economic
pressure on Israel nobody's going to say
that they're going to say you you hate
Jews so you organize to scare them and
abuse them and and hurt them it's only
going to look like it's only going to
look like Nazis there there's nothing
else it could look like so good luck
with
that USC is going to cancel their uh
entire commencement ceremony there would
have been 65,000 people there because of
the potential Danger
colleges are just falling
apart um there's a clip going around of
uh van Jones you know him from CNN he's
a contributor and it's from uh several
years ago when he was outlining the
possibility of having alternate electors
in case of a contested election Benny
Johnson is talking about this on X
and when he did it nobody said well
that's illegal you need to be if anybody
did that they need to go to jail or get
impeached
and
um so it it's just so
hilarious that there's an entire trial
about Trump where Van Jones made a case
to do exactly the same thing which is
have some alternate electors and Van
Jones's point I believe is that it was
all legal
I don't believe van Jones was saying hey
here's an illegal thing we can do let's
get these uh alternate electors in there
but if you notice that the the news and
the Democrats like to call them fake
electors so they're not
alternates they're
fake if you if you allow the word fake
to be used then you leave the van Jones
model which is it's it's
allowed you know until you sort things
out you can have alternate electors and
then after you sort it out you know who
the real ones are and then you go
forward it's it wasn't actually a big
deal so we are being Gasol pretty badly
on
that the uh Gateway pundit has some uh
reporting on the maral Lago boxes and
the jacksmith thing and I don't know how
credible this
is but this is what's being
reported that maybe what they really
wanted meaning the Biden Administration
what they really wanted was to get some
of these documents and that the
documents they wanted had something to
do with Obama and something to do with
North
Korea and there's some message in some
of the documentation in which the agents
looking for the documents talked about
specifically that material and said
we're in good shape meaning that the the
indication was
uh and I think it needs more context but
the end the surface indication is that
it looks like they were looking for
something in particular and it wasn't a
general problem with the boxes but they
thought there was something in there in
particular that they couldn't live with
and not because it was
necessarily a state of secret it could
have been just bad for
Obama or it could have been something
about Trump getting along with Kim
Jong-un
because it could be that just Trump
wanted to keep his personal letters from
Kim jnun I mean it could have been just
that who knows but we'll keep an eye on
that I got to tell you that the first
thing I thought when they found the
boxes
is I wonder if there's any North Korea
stuff in there that was actually my
first thought which is
weird all right the Supreme Court is
yaking about presidential immunity and
if if you listen to any of it you
probably had the same feeling I did
which is on one hand the justices all
seem pretty brilliant and they all seem
to be able to ask a question really well
like they they can phrase a question
Just Right without too much
fluff um and listening to a Supreme
Court case as it's being argued in
public is just one of the
most I I think it's one of the few
things it makes me feel patriotic
still because you listen to it and you
hear really smart people trying really
hard to get it
right that that's why I always uh advise
you to serve on a jury if you ever get
called for jury duty you should serve
you know maybe not every time but you
have to experience it because it's the
cleanest
purest uh good thing about America that
when you get in that room all 12 people
want to get it right period all 12 want
to get it right and you don't see that
but that's not something you see
everywhere and they want to follow the
rules and they just want to get it right
and they want Justice that was my
experience it very purifying for the
soul that when it gets right down to the
individual level sure the government is
all corrupt or government is garbage but
when you get down to to a person level
and and and people are within the system
so they're not just you know doing their
crazy arguing and they really know that
what they do in that room will determine
somebody's
life I mean a really big stakes and with
those Stakes they take it completely
seriously that that was my experience so
um Supreme core had that same
feeling but the the questions were about
uh if the president decided to
assassinate a rival should he have
immunity for
that and I found that this situation
boils down to something pretty
easy and here's how it should should
shake out there's an obvious way to go I
don't know if the Supreme Court will
find it but there's an obvious way to
settle it all which is complete immunity
for things which are arguably and I'll
use the word
arguably
um in the line of business there'll be
some things that have a dual purpose or
it seems It's like well you could say
that was in the you were just doing your
president job that would give you
immunity but it seems suspiciously good
for you politically and personally under
those cases you should absolutely have
immunity because if you don't have a
case if you don't have immunity in those
cases then your opposition Can Eat You
Alive and threat threaten you Etc but
you still need some kind of safeguard
that if somebody goes too far and it's a
little too personal and not enough on
the job or it's just illegal or
something well that's what impeachments
for first you impeach that removes the
immunity and then if the legal system
still has something to say about it
again so it seems to me there's an
obvious way to go which is total
immunity if there's any any sense that
there's a business purpose to it or a
government you know president purpose
and if it's also good for the individual
I think you have to let it
go but if it's so bad that it's criminal
which is
different then you impeach there's a
process already for that and then you
let the the system take care of it so I
don't think there's anything difficult
about where this should end
up if if there is a benefit of a doubt
it should go to the president every
time and if the benefit of a doubt does
go to the president and that causes
something you don't like well you get to
vote again in a few years so I do think
there is an easy obvious path for all of
this I don't know how it will affect
Trump's case but I would say that uh
well it should affect it
it should help it a lot if if they say
the only way you can prosecute is after
impeachment uh as long as there's some
government purpose to what you
did I think that's good for Trump right
I don't know I haven't thought it all
the way through but I think that works
for
him
um and that ladies and
gentlemen is what I have to say about
that so um normally I go talk to the
locals people privately at the end here
but we had a little glitch so I can't do
that um let me look at your comments
here nobody's Above the
Law well right that's why impeachment
can remove your uh your immunity so
right no nobody is arguing with the fact
that nobody's above the law however
however I do
believe that uh we should treat our
presidents differently than other
people I I think there's great wisdom in
giving your president lots of leeway
even if they abuse
it because again they could get
impeached if it's too
bad I think we're better off giving them
the freedom to do things quickly and
boldly as the founders like to say
10 out of 10 I think you're
right uh when are you going to post
Comics I posted them already the the
daily comic is posted
already uh but you have to be a
subscriber it's on the X platform and
also on
locals term limits term limits is not a
conversation I usually get into because
the people who would have to approve it
are the people who don't want it the
only people who don't want it are the
people in charge of it so no it can't it
can never
happen impeachment has been cheapened no
it hasn't impeachment hasn't been
cheapened because you're thinking of the
senate or you're thinking of the house
it's easy to get impeached but you need
the trial in the
Senate and that's a whole different deal
yeah I don't think I don't think the
entire impeachment is
cheapened they they did go after Trump
but all right that's all I got for now
I'm going to go do some other stuff
happy Friday and uh for those of you on
locals I will see you
tonight um there's there's something
about the fact that the I used the
rumble Studio at the same time as locals
I think that was the problem because
when I Ed local locals that had video
this morning before I did the Regular
Show so I think that seems like an easy
fix there's just a little temporary Inc
incompatibility all right so that's all
for now um and I will talk to you all in
the man cave or tomorrow morning thanks
for joining everybody bye for now