we have everything we
need almost everything we need
almost all we need is to make sure I can
see your comments so let me fire that up
and we're good to go how's everybody
feeling you all
good
good I'm sure you said good
good morning everybody and welcome to
the highlight of human civilization it's
called coffee with Scott Adams and
you've never had a better time but if
you'd like to take this experience up to
levels that nobody can even understand
with her tiny shiny human brains all you
need for that is a cup or mugger glass a
tanker chel Stein a canteen suar flask a
vessel of any kind fill it with your
favorite liquid I like coffee and join
me now for the unparallel pleasure it's
the dopam mean here the day thing that
makes everything better it's called the
simultaneous zip
go so good has Starship taken off yet
that happens today right there's going
to be a
consequential launch of Starship
7 space xx and this one I guess is going
to take some payloads up taking it's
going to take a payload load up first
time and they'll be testing things like
multiple re-entry and uh return to Earth
and see if is see if Elon musk's giant
tweezers can catch it again giant
tweezers you call it giant Chopsticks
but that's racist they're really giant
tweezers uh the FDA is banned red Dy
number three according to the AP so 35
years after it was barred in cosmetics
I guess it was argued that it was
different when you ate
it well it causes cancer if it touches
the outside of your skin but it's okay
to eat
it um do I have any skin on the inside
of my body stop asking
questions um not the skin per se but
let's say
tissue all right uh I wonder is this the
CED
effect that does it strike you as kind a
big coincidence that the easiest thing
the FDA could have ever banned it was
the easiest that it got done just before
uh RFK Jr gets into office who said he
would ban it is the entire reason that
they're banning it now to make sure that
RFK Jr doesn't get an easy win because
that's messed up although sooner is
better so sooner is better but it looks
kind of messed up doesn't it to me it
looks like this is entirely politicized
they got the right answer I'm pretty
sure but the
timing like that I I don't know what
could make me hate the FDA more that it
took 35 years to do this or that when
they finally did it apparently the only
reason is the RFK Jr is coming into
office and he's just going to rip them
apart I don't know if he'll rip them
apart but you know what I mean yeah I
think this is the CED effect what and
you you could argue
therefore by extension it would
be it it' be a trump effect but not
really the one I wanted well I do want
it because I wanted this band but uh the
fact that it's just purely political is
that's not giving me any
confidence anyway other or it could be
just the biggest coincidence in the
world of when it
happened well meta has a new AI model
for translating speech and you say to
yourself uh Scott uh
they've been able to Translate speech on
the internet for a long time so why is
this even a story well apparently the
old way or the common way to translate
speech is first it turns it into text
and then it turns it into the other
language and it translates it so they
figured out somehow to use AI to just
directly translate so it doesn't go
through the intermediate steps and
apparently that makes it nearly
instant imagine having a conversation
with somebody in another language where
you're just talking into your phone and
the translation is not instant but let's
say it got there in one
second that would be really
transformative you could have a
reasonable phone call reasonable phone
call with somebody or a zoom call I
guess first uh with somebody who didn't
speak the language and it almost
wouldn't make a difference you know that
that little I don't know exactly the
delay but you know if there's like a
second or something it's still going to
be mildly annoying but you'd have
perfect ability to
communicate that's really GameChanger
you know the things that sneak up on you
are the things that just sort of get
better every year so you're not really
paying attention but then there's one
year where it's not about just getting a
little better it's now just a completely
different application it's so good
that's one of
these anyway 100 different languages
very
impressive uh justice Alo
he's he's a Supreme Court Justice of
course and he's talking about uh there's
a case before them uh some kind of free
speech versus porn situation and I guess
PornHub is part of the conversation the
Supreme
Court and this is actually a real thing
that Justice Alo asked in public in the
Supreme well in the Supreme Court he
said is it like the old Playboy magazine
you have essays there by the modern day
equivalent of Gore Vidal and William F
Buckley
Jr yeah yeah there's J as Alo acting
like he has no idea what PornHub
is now I'm not saying he's ever used it
but it reminded me of a couple of
stories number one the first thing I did
when I got out of college and entered
the real world it was almost the first
thing uh I got a subscription to Playboy
magazine because I thought to myself
wait a minute this is pre- internet I
hate to say pre- internet and I thought
are you telling me that all I have to do
is give them money and they will send me
pictures of beautiful naked women like
once a month and it's just like for a
little bit of money you I thought I died
and going to heaven I was so happy to be
an adult and then I started getting it
and of course it was just as good as I'd
hoped again pre- internet but somewhere
along that time because I never really
canceled it and time goes by and I start
reading the
Articles and then sooner or later I was
the article so I was one of the big
interviews so I I was featured in
Playboy and it was just an interview I
didn't have to take off my clothes and
eventually the internet comes in and of
course it saturates the world with you
know tremendous amount of porn to the
point where looking at the pictures in
the
magazine didn't seem interesting at all
sure you know I mean I mean if it was
right in front of you you'd look at it
but I this is this is actually true this
is there's no exaggeration in this
toward the end of my you know many years
subscription I actually didn't look at
the pictures that that's literally true
I swear to God and it wasn't because I
didn't like looking at that kind of
picture it's just that the internet was
full of it but the internet didn't have
good articles all the time so the
Articles were genuinely very good that
that's a true statement so believe it or
not that's a real thing um which you
know at the moment Playboy is not doing
so
well and uh but it also reminds me of
the time I went to a dare a dare program
for adults when I was a stepdad from
younger kids and they would have a
program where just the the parents would
come in to learn what maybe how to spot
their kids getting getting into drugs or
stuff and one of the questions was the
police officer who was giving the class
uh he held up this bag of white powder
that may have been cocaine or may have
been a simulation of cocaine I don't
know he goes all right class class of
adults he goes uh who can tell me you
know take a guess what this would cost
if you bought it on the street now I've
never bought cocaine so I have no idea
what cocaine cost but the last thing I
was going to do in front of a classful
of police was get an accurate answer to
what it cost
so so my first impulse was to answer you
raise my hand just to throw off the
scent I'd be like hm big bag baggie full
of cocaine what would that cost I go uh
$14 you know just to make sure they
didn't Stak out my house all right
speaking of free speech Dr
Drew this is terrible but funny because
it's so freaking bad Dr Drew's uh been
having this issue with his YouTube uh
episodes being uh banned I don't know
what the right word is banned or
demonetized or something removed I think
on YouTube so it's not his entire
account just some specific ones and I
guess they had some uh some medical
conversations about guess what you you
don't even have to wonder what it's
about right so it's something about Mr
probably
vaccinations so
so he gets uh so the bad part is that
real credible doctors couldn't have a
conversation that involved their their
best thinking based on the best
information
available that was not allowed let me
just say that again two
credible
doctors were not allowed to have a
conversation that utilized the best
information available to both of them
and their opinions on
it that was not
allowed because YouTube decided that
their opinion of what was true was
Superior was it their doctors that
decided I don't know but uh here's
the the
punchline that YouTube is is demanding
that Dr
Drew go to some kind of re-education
camp
you idiots you idiots
YouTube it's like you think that they
can't be they can't be
worse but but let me give you this
advice YouTube if you decide that this
is the way you want to go forward and
you've got to send credible people
giving their opinions on the most
current
information if that's not allowed and
you have to retrain them could you at
least not use the most communist word
for retraining oh going to send you to
re-education Camp I this is like what
happened to Jordan Peterson with that
stupid
Toronto idiots that said he had to be
re-educated and they couldn't figure out
how to do it like nobody was even
willing to re-educate him because it was
so stupid that nobody even
wanted to be in that seat all right so
here's what I'd like and you know Dr
Drew if you're listening I hope this
isn't too inconvenient I'd love you to
get
re-educated and just tell us tell us who
it was that re-educated you and just and
just do a show on that just do a show
how they they wanted to re-educate you
so that two doctors two doctors can't
have a conversation about the newest
information on medical stuff yeah let
Let's re-educate us and then maybe maybe
Dr Jew you can you can share it with us
so we'll we'll all get re-educated
too oh my God
God just be a little less communist
please anyway I hope that works out and
is not
the it's not the what it looks like but
I'm sure it's what it looks like
meanwhile according to unusual whales
and account on X Walgreens um has
decided
that um its anti-shoplifting strategy
didn't work out so the CEO CEO is
explaining that when the things up you
don't sell as many of them now I'm sure
it helped with the shoplifting that was
the reason but uh people don't buy
things if they're locked
up have you ever had that experience
have you ever gone into a store and you
were thinking you know I should pick
this up and then you see it's locked up
you don't know who's working you don't
know how long it would take to get it
and you go ah Amazon
anybody if I'm in Walgreen and there's
something I want is locked up I'm not
going to wait I might pick my phone up
out of my pocket type in the name of
that thing and push a button and walk
away but I'm not going to wait for you
to come over
and if if you could unlock this faster
than I can push four buttons on Amazon
yeah go ahead but you can't do it faster
I push four buttons so Walgreens that's
a good strategy you got there now to
their credit trying something is worth
trying all right so let me give them
full credit if you don't know what to do
but you think well maybe we could try
locking this stuff up see what happens
I'm always in favor of people trying
stuff and then backing off if it doesn't
work and looks like that's what's
happening
so it turns out that the other part of
their strategy is to close 450 more
stores in 2025 this is after closing a
number of them
already and what do you think is there's
there uh what do you think is the
criteria for closing
stores well uh they closed the stores
that were less profitable so they picked
a picked a profitability number and they
said all right all the ones below that
were going to close where do you think
those were where do you think all the
unprofitable Walgreens were you want to
take a guess well San Francisco had a
lot of them no
surprise uh Oakland Oakland
Baltimore Baltimore
Sacramento now some of them look like
maybe they were just weren't doing well
in general but uh a lot of them look
like they were in the most diverse
markets so Walgreen to its credit as one
of the most robust Dei
programs so on on the plus side
Walgreens Dei is really good they got a
heck of a good Dei program is really
robust on the other hand they're using
the uh some call it the cartoonist
strategy of get the out of the
diverse markets because you can't
survive
there you know they call it something
else but it's basically the Scott Adams
Theory and uh goes well with their dii
program good combination over at the
Wall Street Journal uh colum borers is
writing about um Dei hurting the careers
of some people and wondering if the if
the pullback in Dei they're wondering if
the pullback in Dei under Trump uh might
help people get you more employment that
they might have been discriminated
against for but uh colum points out that
uh the Pew Research Center found out
that more than a third of Americans
believe Dei in the workplace hurts white
men wow more than a third let's say a
third wouldn't that be every white
man onethird of the public that they
would interview about this of the
working public
isn't oneir exactly the number of white
people white men isn't it it's almost
exactly the same number huh
surprising I'm so surprised and do you
know why it's the white men who know
that this is hurting white men but the
others don't seem to act like they know
it many of them are lying because the
good for them and bad for white men and
maybe they don't want to ruin that
situation which would actually be to
reasonable you know that's not a
criticism if you're in a situation that
favors people like you and disfavors
other people you know unless you're some
kind of weird activist you're just going
to say well that's okay I think that's
perfect um but pretty much 100% of white
men who have jobs are completely aware
that Dei is the disaster for white
men so just know that Pam Bondi was uh
answering questions as part of for
nomination process to attorney general
and uh she ran into I watched One Clip I
didn't watch the whole thing but she did
great the the clips I saw I absolutely
love how confident and clearly and
smartly she was answering questions and
it it's worth noting because Trump says
it all the time that whole uh what's he
call it the uh basically likes people
who are good on TV wow is she good on
TV Heth how about him wow is he good on
TV obviously right but Bondi wow that
that's some serious TV TV uh
skills but here's I've got one advice
I've never seen anybody do what I'm
going to suggest so I don't know if it'
work but I just want to throw it out
there it's a persuasion lesson so one of
the things happens during these hostile
questioning because you know half of the
people asking questions with the other
team they they like to do the thing
where they say I want a yes or no uh did
you kill that
squirrel uh well Senator yes or no yes
or no uh well it's complicated no no yes
or no yes or no yes or no yes or no well
you see the context yes or no yes or no
yes or no you know have you watched
those and and the whole thing is to get
them to say yes or no because know that
the yes or the no would be on a context
and then they can attack it and turn it
into something so nobody wants to give
the yes no because it would be basically
career suicide because then you'd be
quoted for it but so what what Bondi did
is I'm going to call it the best I've
seen normies handle the question so
she's a normie as opposed to a let's say
train Persuader she's she's not Trump
all right I'm pretty sure Trump would
have handled this differently and I'm
going to tell you how I think he would
have handled it or a version of it and
I'm going to tell you how I would handle
it because I I use this technique online
all the
time if somebody says um are you still
beating your
spouse and you know that yes yes or no
yes or no are you still beating your
spouse yes or no yes or no cuz either
the yes or the no are bad for you cuz it
sounds like you're still beating your
spouse and what you really want to say
is well actually I've never even been
accused of beating my spouse that's not
even a question um don't want to answer
oh yes or no yes or no yes or no yes or
no uh the Democrats here's what you
should do instead well first of all what
Pam Bondi did is the best I've seen
normal politicians do which is
aggressively talk over the person who's
trying to cut you off to make sure that
you're pushing back so she did a real
good job
of not backing down pushing back showing
that the question was you know
unreasonable you know by her push back
and showing that he was just a
ridiculous turd and she was just trying
to answer serious questions now so if I
were to grade her
performance according to normal
people A+ yeah for a normal person and a
normal politician that's about as good
as you can do but you know what it's not
it's not only Rosie
O'Donnell that's what Trump did when
Trump got his question that was only
going to be good or bad only going to be
bad it didn't matter what he said it was
just going to be bad for him it would be
the quote of the day instead of going
with their frame he left the
frame Pam Bondi stayed in the
frame that that that that question is
the question and she's trying to respond
but she wants to give a longer answer
you're not letting me that would be the
traditional but staying in the frame
Trump leaves the frame and that works
every time let me tell you how I would
leave the frame if I were in her
position and somebody gave me that yes
or no yes or no yes or no question I
would say senator can you ask a better
question oh I'm asking this question I'm
asking this question yes no yeah I heard
the question could could you ask a
better
one oh yes or no yes or no yes no oh yes
no I I I hear you Senator I'm just
asking uh because everybody's dedicated
their time to this uh I just wondered if
you have a better question and then you
use up all of his time you use up all of
his time you turn him into the guy who
where the quote is can you ask a better
question because every here's why this
works everybody listening to The
Exchange knows that the question is the
flawed part everybody knows it why
doesn't anybody call it out and why
doesn't anybody demand
that if you're going to put your time
into this process you're going to need
better questions a better question is a
high ground it just says you're not
you're not capable of being here but if
you can step up i' happy happy to ask
you a
question that's a kill shot now not
everybody could pull that off but that
would be roughly speaking that would be
a trump way to do it here here's what I
think Trump would say and this kind of a
first of all he's not going to get
questioned like this ever now that he's
president but if he did I think you'd
say something like you know this is an
example why you're you you know you're
useless you we all came here today and
that's that's the best you could do that
that is your best performance in asking
a question that the public is interested
in so I think he would just break the
frame you got to go after the his
technique not answer anything about the
question well uh Joy Reed brought on a
Democrat that L ran against Bondi and
lost uh so man if you're going to bring
somebody on to say some bad things about
somebody what you want is somebody who
was on the other team a Democrat and ran
against her and
lost right because that that guy's going
to he's going to come with some fire
right well that didn't work out turns
out that after he lost to her in the
race she hired him
she hired
him in other words she she hired him
because he was good at his job and she
didn't care that he was a Democrat
because she was about getting the best
job and then to prove that she hired the
right guy and that it was about his
qualifications and it was not about
democrat or republican he he basically
proves it right by saying that um that
she's very tether to the law she's not
obsessed with democrat or republican she
cares about the law she's really good at
it he used the phrase tether to the law
like she's never going to leave the law
and that she would not do any lawfare
because there's just no way that's just
not her and then it got better uh
because Reed said what about the enemies
list she she lied when she said there's
no enemies
list now
MSNBC Joy Reed talking to a Democrat who
lost to Pam Bondi and then she comes up
with this you know damning thing where
she said there's no enemies list what
what did the
Democrat who was supposed to say bad
things about Bondi respond to that with
he said well actually she
said that there's no enemies list in the
Department of
Justice basically he just defended her
answer he defended her character he
defended her answer and he developed he
defended her skills and that's it it was
a complete flop uh because it turns out
that Pam Bondi hired the right guy and
and when he and when he got to I'm going
to say
reciprocity right I always tell you
reciprocity is a big deal so she hired
this guy because she thought he had the
skill he does and he paid
back um
I hear Trump according to New York Post
Trump is supporting V ramaswami to take
over JD Vance's Ohio seny now he'd have
to be um picked by the governor so we
don't know if they even would uh but I I
think that's just an an expression that
Trump has a lot of trust in v i don't
think that's where he would want to go
right away and I hope he's not because I
really really think that the Doge thing
is on a on a scale of 1 to 10 you know
getting another strong Senator is that's
a that's a four on a scale of 1 to 10
it's good you know I I want another
really strong Senator that'd be great
but doge is a 10 or a 12 on on the risk
of 1 to 10 and VI is a 12 and of 10 so
if you could pair one of the most
capable smartest energetic people who
have all the right incentives to work on
the hardest problem that needs exactly
that I wouldn't waste him on the
Senate because if if he brings Doge home
he can have any job he wants so I don't
know I hope he doesn't go to the Senate
meanwhile Venezuelan dictator Maduro
according to blaze media he threatened
to invade Puerto Rico
he said uh the free that's what Maduro
said the freedom of Puerto Rico is
pending and we will achieve it with
Brazilian
troops he's the dictator of
Venezuela but he's going to free Puerto
Rico with Brazilian
troops to make sure they stop being
colonized Venezuela Brazilian troops
prevent them from being
colonized okay well I'm not sure how
that all fits together but uh um I have
an update also on uh maduro's life
expectancy after threatening to invade a
United States
Territory uh life expectancy uh January
21st January
21st meanwhile John fedman said after
talking to Trump at maral Lago that uh
he he's all in on Trump supporting uh or
Trump acquiring Greenland
so Federman he's all in on
Greenland
now I I know what many of you have
warned me watch out for that Federman
he's a snake he's just saying things to
get support but really he's a radical
Dem or whatever he is and I understand
that and I understand the argument about
not giving any Oxygen to the to the team
that's overall evil I get that but you
do have to you do have to make it
possible
that people can change sides and that
they can do it with honor and respect so
I I tend to prefer to air on giving them
credit for any change in your direction
because incentives matter so if you
reward reward somebody for moving one
step toward you maybe someday you get
another step you know incentives matter
so while I completely get that in some
cases it's better not to give the team
any credit whatsoever I think fedman is
one of the exceptions and I think Trump
noticed it too because Trump gave him a
essentially a glowing endorsement for
his intelligence and and and I think
Trump loves the the uniqueness with
which he dresses not that he likes the
style but if you see Federman um
standing out because of his dress I
think Trump would appreciate how much
that makes him different and how much it
brings attention to him so I feel like
it completely to me it's completely
understandable that they could get along
productively meanwhile IFL science is
talking about how many resources
Greenland has and why United States
might be interested I guess they have 25
of 34 minerals that would be considered
critical raw materials it's got stuff
like gold and silver that you need for
Tech not just collecting and uh stuff
that you need for battery technology
like Cobalt and copper and nickel and
lithium and uh it's always it's long
been predicted that they had
oil but company's been looking for it
for a long time and finally Greenland
just said ah give up so they're
speculated that there's substantial oil
but nobody's found it yet could we could
the United States find it I don't know
maybe so it does starting to feel like
something's going to happen I don't
think there going to be a state or
anything
but I feel like some kind of strategic
partnership is coming so Biden did his
Farewell Address I couldn't even watch
it because you know what am I really
watching if if he were a real president
with a real brain and he he has some
good goodbye address I'd be like oh yeah
maybe I watch that
and I I feel like Biden barely exists
that giving him any attention at this
point seems like a waste of time like
what's what's the upside of that
um so he babbled through his speech it
was recorded of course because he
couldn't do it live and he babbled about
the risk of the tech billionaires
because apparently their billionaires
are not in
Tech so when they controlled the tech
billionaires like Zuckerberg then the
the billionaires were no risk whatsoever
but as soon as the tech billionaires
started saying not just that you know
they thought Trump was okay but rather
that they were just going to think
independently and not take the brain
washing from the the media that that was
a problem that they're no longer
brainwashed you know by the fine people
HS
primarily so Biden you are as useless as
you've ever been he's leaving office as
Trump's popularity reached the highest
it's ever been so Biden was at his
lowest popularity while Trump's At His
Highest that's what I call a good day if
you're Trump how much would you love
that they'll that the guy you place is
at his lowest approval while you're at
your highest that's just a good
week uh meanwhile Joe Scarboro over at
msnpc uh he uh he wanted to defend his
prior opinion about uh Joe Biden being
completely mentally sharp you know the
thing he's been mocked for the most and
he doubled down oh yes I I spent three
and a half hour or no two and a half
hours to three hours with Joe B yeah and
we were talking in depth about foreign
policy matters and he was sharp as
anyone I've spoken to and he's spoken
like a man has been doing this since he
was
29 um have I mentioned that uh the
audience for Morning Joe Tunes in to get
his
Insight they tune in to get his Insight
because he has access behind the scenes
and you know he knows people we don't
and he's been in the business a long
time so he would have
insights one of his ins was that Biden's
brain is just
fine now if you were watching somebody
for their
insights and it was the only person in
the world that couldn't tell that
Biden's brain was
fried would you tune in again for the
next
Insight what would you trust that next
Insight all right according to the hill
Rachel frazen fras I don't know uh
Canada is uh wants to get into some kind
of mineral partnership with the US
now the context is Trump saying hey
maybe we'll make you a state and uh
we're going to tear a you like crazy
unless you know unless you wanted to be
a state but if you're going to be sort
of a trade Nemesis in any way well maybe
we'll tear a few until you change your
mind um so what happens under that
context it's something called the Trump
effect I think you've heard of it and uh
here's what Canada is putting together
so um they're coming up with a plan I
guess it's the resource Minister coming
up with plan to work with the United
States on Partnerships for energy and
minerals so Canada would still be Canada
under this plan but we would the United
States would be adding whatever we add
to the mining and mineral exploration
and be some kind of sharing I guess and
it would uh involve Canada quote
accelerating the production of things
like gallium and geranium which have
defense applications Etc and uh the
partnership could extend to oil and
nuclear energy and you say nuclear
energy why do we need Canada for that
Well turns out that Canada is one of the
sources of a uranium so they're one of
the world sources for uranium and uh
that maybe they would do the
uranium uh they' provide the uranium we
do the enrichment in the United States
and everybody wins now do you think that
Canada would be you know queuing up this
big trade partnership
deal if Trump hadn't said my first offer
is to make you a
state you can't do
that well how about I just tarff you
instead wait wait wait wait you can't do
that that can't tariff us to death well
we could make you a state then there
would be no tariff no no no no you can't
make as a
state so what do you do you get your
smartest people together and say is
there anything we can offer that's short
of us becoming a state and short of us
getting tariffed to death is there
anything we can offer that would look
like oh United States is getting What It
Wants Canada is getting what it wants so
this is that this is them uh essentially
they're essentially negotiating against
themselves so Trump basically just
created a frame that you know you guys
aren't stepping up to what we expect
from our neighbor from the north and you
maybe we should just absorb you uh and
so they're trying to step up in a way
that would be very very dear to Trump's
you know Central motivations which is
you know minerals and and oil and making
sure the United States has a strong
position doesn't have to depend on China
so that seems like the Trump effect
meanwhile the Hamas hostage deal that we
thought was going to happen looks like
Netanyahu uh is pulling back on that we
don't know if that's temporary or not
but he is doing some more uh War
fighting and says that Hamas isn't doing
their end I don't know what that is but
uh so Biden and Trump both trying to
take cred credit for the release of what
would be onethird of the hostages
including some dead bodies I guess and
so they're both fighting for credit and
I'm not on board I'm just not on board
with that uh I'm not happy with getting
onethird of the people back now if if
you got onethird of the people back and
you can't even keep that deal that's a
failure that's a complete failure that's
a complete failure of Biden it's a
complete failure of Netanyahu although
Netanyahu has you know a larger goal so
maybe he's not failing um and uh I don't
think Trump
succeeded because you know Trump will
take credit for getting one-third home
politically that makes sense to take
credit for it and of course Biden will
take credit if he gets one-third home
I'm I'm not even a little bit happy with
one-third except for the families
obviously for the the one-third that
might be released and their families yes
yes we want and all that so I want them
to be
released um and I'd like to see this
deal completed but I'm not going to call
this a success so so when is one and a
three a
success like maybe a baseball player you
know if you're batting one and a three
that looks pretty good but I'm not
taking credit for you know if we go into
any kind of negotiations with them over
the future of Gaza and they're still
holding they're still holding um
prisoners no no unless we're getting all
the Americans out and then I'd feel
different if we get all the Americans
out then maybe you talk about Gaza you
maybe that's different but Israel
shouldn't put up with that Israel should
say we want 100% or we're going to break
you
um so also
MSNBC they brought on a uh so an Ary
melber show brought on a former Clinton
Ambassador David Ross now a former
Clinton Ambassador talking about the
Israel Hamas Ceasar you could reliably
expect that a Democrat especially one
associated with the clintons is going to
you know give the credit to Biden and
say that Trump is just a blow hard right
that's why you have somebody like that
on MSNBC to say things that MSC NBC
wants them to say so uh
instead instead the Ambassador Ross said
uh why now it's because of the Trump
effect uh Netanyahu wasn't going to say
yes but then he did but that changed
right that I think that changed this
morning nahu actually turned but what's
interesting about it is that he brings
on a you know a notable Democrat and
even the notable Democrat is saying yeah
Trump got this done Trump got this done
now the funny part if you get to see the
video I think I've reposted it this
morning you have to watch uh Ari
melber's face
when the interview goes exactly the
opposite of what would be ideal for
Their
audience so I don't I don't know if I
could do it so as soon as uh melbour
hears it he goes into the
shown but it's but it's like the biggest
frown like my mouth was doesn't even do
it it almost looked like a joke
frown you you have to see it visually to
to get the full Beauty I've never seen
his face turn a smile upside down so
fast it's like it's all good news at the
time it was being reported before it got
U delayed it looked like it was just all
good news H hostages coming back you at
least some of them uh Trump effect
caused it and Ari is just like
oh this is going off the rails it's too
good for Trump we will lose what's left
of our
audience
um uh Glen Greenwald was pointing out
that uh the New York Times had a
headline uh right after Trump won so few
months ago and uh the headline was
Trump's win is likely to prolong Gaza
talks
uncertainty well so we're mocking them
for you know guessing the opposite of
what happened but really the headline
says it's going to prolong the
uncertainty uh you know but Trump works
on uncertainty so it's is half
true um he would intentionally increase
the uncertainty because it's a
negotiating uh
point but I like to say that reality is
whatever predicts best so if you
predicted the Trump effect would make
things better you win if you predicted
that Trump would make things go worse
you lose so New York Times appears to be
closer to the wrong prediction side than
the right prediction side well in the
news a cartoonist named Darren Bell he's
a black cartoonist BL he was a BLM
activist and he was the first black
cartoonist to win the Pitzer prize so he
did comics cerville and Rudy
Park and uh they're still on Washington
Post websites let's see what did he get
he got in trouble
for um oh HED pedophile now uh the
specific the specific charges were
possession of child child
related
materials that are highly
illegal now you know what I always say
no matter how bad bad the charge is in
the United
States you're innocent until proven
guilty now you've heard me say that a
million times right
so innocent until proven guilty the only
thing we know is that he was
accused yeah I wonder
I wonder uh did Darren Bell say anything
when I got cancelled by The Washington
Post his newspaper I wonder let let me
see let me check that out oh yeah he did
yeah Darren Bell uh dumped on me and
never contacted me which he could have
easily done to ask me what the context
was instead he just he dunked on me so
it's interesting he treated me as a I
was guilty presumed guilty huh
okay I'm rethinking this he's guilty of
 and I hope he
fries all
right uh and by the way winning the
Pulitzer Prize is complete do
you know what it takes to to win the
Pulitzer
Prize let me explain how the meeting
went we're really going to need this to
give this to a black guy because most
cartoonists are white and so it's just
like one guy one white guy after another
like who do we have as a person of color
all right we found an Hispanic
no Hispanic is good moving in the right
direction but really need a black
cartoonist and then they look at the
black cartoonist and let me be honest
the most the most um notable black
cartoonists are
terrible there really aren't any good
black
cartoonist this is well known among the
cartoon industry now not because of Any
it's not because they're black it's not
because of Any jeans or anything like
that it's just a fact like I'm not I'm
not making any larger statement about
being black that's not that's has
nothing to do with this is just the fact
that if you're trying to give the
Pulitzer Prize which is just a
prize a little group of people decide
what comic they like that week or that
year I guess and then they give them the
prize it's has no absolutely
no
legitimacy it's not based on like all
the cartoonists voting or or the public
weighed in it's nothing like that it's
this little group of people who just say
you know we better give it to a black
guy this time now I wasn't in the room
but I can pretty well guarantee you that
because he was a black cartoonist that's
why he won the Pitzer prize the Pulitzer
Prize is almost as disgraced as a
somebody who got caught with a bunch of
child related
content so
there's that meanwhile um Jonathan
Turley is writing about the CNN's
lawsuit where they're defending Jake
Tapper and themselves from accusations
that they uh what's the word
defamed I'm no lawyer so I may be using
the wrong words but they defamed
somebody who was a guest on their show
and their correspondent was interviewing
and was regarding
Afghanistan and the person they
interviewed was over there doing useful
things and trying to help but for
reasons that are not clear the
correspondent and then I think Jake
Tapper may have mirrored the
correspondent decided that they would
treat the guy that they were
interviewing who as far as anybody knows
was just trying to help people no
criminal nothing like that they they
tried to treat him like he was part of
the story they were telling about really
bad people doing bad things over there
now details don't matter but just
imagine what whatever is the worst thing
you can think of you know it's in that
category so the poor guy goes on their
network does them a favor you know being
content on their their show and also is
only doing good things as far as we know
like he's he's he's positive impact over
there and they decided to lump him in
this is the accusation they decided to
lump him in and they decided to go after
him and actually destroy him and
apparently the that there's
you know emails to that
effect now they didn't have the
information that would that would
support their going after him but they
very clearly said they were and then
they did this trick totally points this
out you've heard of this before so the
Press when they're going to when they're
going to publish they'll about two hours
before they push the publish button
they'll wait till right to the end and
then they'll contact the person they're
writing about and saying do you have a
any comment now the reason they wait
till it's right toward publication is to
make sure the person doesn't have enough
time to comment and then when they say
none of that's true too late you've
already published it now this is a
well-known standard trick they you they
always do it if it's a hit piece and not
they don't even always do it but when
they do it it's it's just part of the
hitpiece thing and then they can go on
the air and say well we tried to reach
Mr so and so but he had no comment in
time for with the publication which
makes it sound like he doesn't have an
argument doesn't it but he tricked them
he responded within two
hours well what do you think the
correspondent the person who was the
first one to accuse this guy I guess
what do you think he said in writing
when the person who is the most
important part person of the story
responded which is of course exactly
what you should want if you're being
honest you want him to respond do you
know what the resp response was
um effing young just texted young is the
name of the guy effing young just text
it because he ruined their whole play he
got he got back to him within two
hours uh
anyway um so then here's the funniest
part
the the defense for CNN is David Axelrod
he's leading the defense I guess the
other defense attorney just got taken
off the job for being crazy and I don't
know being crazy is too far that's
that's a
oversimplification but um so David aerod
who if you follow politics you know is a
well-known consultant type to the
Democrats I don't know how much he's
practiced law
lately like kind of a strange choice to
be I don't know maybe maybe he's a
terrific lawyer who turned into a
political consultant but I'm not aware
that he did a lot of practicing did he
maybe he did I'm not up on it but anyway
so Axel Rod gets up there and he and
he's
accusing the uh accusing the
accuser um of being a liar he goes you
called oh so so he just goes off on a
rant and he said and he's waving a
document and saying you know you claimed
this lies it's Li lies his lies so Axel
Rod was doing his having his moment his
theatrical moment you lied about this
you lied about that you li about that
and then the uh the plaintiff the
plaintiff attorney just destroyed it by
just mentioning the timing well actually
that was you know before this or after
that it was completely debunked so the
the entire the entire Escapade was just
wiped off the table by the fact that it
did was not support Ed by fairly easily
found
facts so it was so bad that the judge
actually said to Axel rod and I've never
heard anything like this before he said
quote this is the judge he said you
called him a liar multiple times there
he told axod and uh he said he he owed
an apology to the
plaintiff uh after telling CNN that
quote this isn't
kindergarten he added right now your
credibility with me Mr aarod is about
none have you ever seen a judge
demand that the lawyer apologize to the
plaintiff that's as hard as you can fail
as a lawyer isn't it can you fail harder
than that and imagine being on the
jury and and basically the judge just
said this team is a bunch of idiots
that's what he said
he said this one side is a bunch of
idiots he didn't say anything about the
other
side you're on a jury and you hear the
judge say very clearly you guys are just
idiots you're like kindergarten you
better apologize oh my God I don't think
this could be
worse for
CNN
wow meanwhile Tik Tock is planned to be
banned on the 19th
or the yeah so but Trump is talking
about some kind of an executive order to
save it I think people don't believe
that that would be effective to save it
um so in a few days we could see that
Tik Tock becomes uh first orphaned so it
will keep running but you can't upload
any new content and so you could keep
watching what was already there for a
while but presumably that'll go away
after a while so I don't know what's
going to happen
um Trump says he wants to save it but he
also did well on on Tik Tok and I think
Trump found the the exact Sweet Spot the
exact sweet spot was saying you want to
save it trying a little bit an executive
order isn't much work you just sign it
and then say I tried you know I I tried
but other people got rid of it that's
perfect politically is perfect because
he's on the side of the wanted to keep
it but you know what can you
do all
right um so as I told you the Chinese
drone making company that makes just
vast amount of the total drones in the
world and especially in the United
States called
DJI they got rid of their Geo fencing
policy which is what prevented their
drones from going over sensitive
installations in the United States and
elsewhere I assume and
um there are other drones that did not
have that Geo fencing so on one hand all
they're doing is normalizing to their
competition on the other hand their
competition is not
China if China wants to go over our you
know military stuff and we suspect they
might have some way to you know control
the software and the drones I don't know
I don't know how much of a risk that is
but it seems to me that this would be
the time to ban uh Chinese drones in
America can we really not make drones
yet are you telling me that an American
company can't make a
drone that's good I feel like America
should be able to make drones like it's
not exactly a bunch of secret technology
or anything
so we'll see what happens with that
meanwhile talk son had on the mother of
the open AI
whistleblower who was murdered in his
apartment in San Francisco um just a few
days after it became known that he was
that dangerous to open Ai and so here's
what she said the mother of sushir
Balaji who was The Whistleblower she
told Tucker uh my son had documents
against open AI they attacked him and
killed him now she doesn't know that
open AI
was behind it that that's not known it's
a reasonable it's a
reasonable you know gas so I wouldn't
rule it
out and apparently the documents that
The Whistleblower had um would have
proven that open AI was quote committing
crimes I don't know what kind and so
right after the New York Times said he
had documents that would
basically put Ai and a you know
existential threat he got killed a few
days later now that would be too much of
a coincidence for anybody to overlook
and I'm sure that his um his mother is
feeling the same way but I'm going to
add a little bit of context just a
little
bit the CEOs of normal companies are not
really murderers by
Nature um and I've spent a little time
with mman you know just oneon-one
chatting with him for a while and I
don't have the best you know it's not
like anybody's perfect at judging human
character but if he's a
murderer that would be pretty
surprising so if we if you imagine that
the head of it ordered a hit no I I give
that zero
chance and I'd I'd love to hear from
anybody besides Sam multan's sister
whose special case but I'd love to hear
anybody who knows him well give me an
opinion am I wrong like he would be
almost toward the bottom of the list of
somebody you think would go kill
somebody he's a pretty gentle soul I
mean he's a you know in terms of um in
terms of business he's a
shark so could I be wrong you know
because if he's a shark in
business did I read him wrong I don't
know am I that bad at am I that bad at
judging human character so I'm going to
add a wrinkle to this wrinkle number one
there are
individuals who have Investments
probably that you know may be so
valuable that they would be willing to
kill just on their own whether open AI
was in favor of it or hated it or didn't
know about it or anything so first of
all you can't so you can't you can't
rule out anybody who's just an investor
it and I don't know the exact investment
architecture there to know if anybody
stands
out also we've been told very clearly
Mark Andre informed us that the uh
intelligence apparatus of the United
States is said directly said directly to
the the people in The Venture Capital
Community don't fund a bunch of little
AI companies because we're not going to
let them work we're going to make sure
they're just a few
they're big ones like open Ai and we're
going to basically have they didn't say
this but it's obvious we're going to
have our you know our fingerprint on it
because it's too dangerous to just let
it the free market do whatever it wants
now that's
actually I hate to say
it that's not
irresponsible that's not irresponsible
the reason we have an intelligence group
is to do the stuff that maybe if you put
it up for a vote people don't do that
but it's kind of necessary it feels kind
of necessary even though I hate it and
even though the the the risk and the
downside of it are just through the roof
it just does feel necessary that the
intelligence people would have to have a
strong grip on AI at least for now
because we don't know if it becomes a
weapon we don't know if it becomes
dangerous we don't know what it does to
uh persuasion and
brainwashing I think from their
perspective now let me say it a
different way let me say a different way
if I say it like it's my opinion then I
think that's I'm out of my league so let
me change that so forget my opinion uh
if you're in the CIA you want to control
AI yes let's simplify if you're in the
CIA you probably think it's at the top
of your list of things to do you need to
control the AI so if you assume that
it's at the top of the list and that
they're the people who are literally
murderers and they're literally the ones
who make it look like you know it might
have been an accident or suicide or
something like that they're really the
top
suspects because I definitely think that
our intelligence people would kill
citizens of the United States if they
thought that the entire structure of the
industry was at
risk so would Sam Alman do it I don't
see it I just don't see it would the
company order a hit without the top of
the company knowing about it
H I don't know I mean maybe maybe you
know somebody some underling just
thought I'm going to take care of this
I'll I'll leave him out of it maybe it
doesn't seem super likely but maybe but
if you say uh the intelligence people
had to do it for the good of the United
States as much as I hate
that you could certainly imagine that
being normal I hate to say it but that
would be sort of
normal so we will never find out the
truth of this
story all right uh I saw saw a post by
uh an X by Joey manarino who said he was
uh on the way back from the airport and
uh he he just landed in Panama he said
and on the way back from the
airport uh in Panama I've seen about
five billboards with Chinese writing and
a massive Bank of China building
downtown as soon as you see it in person
you immediately understand why Trump is
going so hard after the Panama Canal yep
yeah the Chic of Panama is a
risk um I mean it's a huge risk it's
enormous risk so before I thought all
Trump wanted was a better deal for our
ships in the Panama Canal because
apparently the cost for one ship to go
through could be as much as half a
million dollars and Trump would say hey
we built that canal and sold it to you
for a dollar you know we should get a
deal compared to other countries now
that's just good basic
negotiating but the the China fication
of Panama is by far the bigger problem
you know not the half million dollars
per ship um so if before so before
knowing this or at least getting this
extra flavor on it I would have said you
know what if we could make a deal to you
know maybe change who runs the Panama
Canal so it's less China if we could
maybe make a deal where we we don't pay
but other people do that'd be good we
don't we don't need to like put our
military down there and you know exert
our big old control over the whole
country but now I think maybe we do now
I think maybe we do we might actually
need to militarily intervene CU there's
no freaking way we're going to let
Panama go completely under chinaese
control if they're not already
there so yes if if if this is as big a
problem as it looks you know without
total information at my
hands Trump might need to go hard and
you should get ready for
that all
right yeah you know I I hate to even
bring it up but China taking
Taiwan is looking bigger and bigger but
here's what I wonder like what would be
the what would be the best thing that
America could
do if China decided to make a move on
Taiwan now one would be just go to war
not ideal not ideal the other would be
to just walk away say all right well
that was going to happen soon or later
you know no no point in fighting over
it the O the third
opportunity
is
terrible but I could see it happening
which is that if China moved in and it
was clear that there was nothing that
would happen to stop
them would would the United States take
out the chip Manufacturing in
Taiwan just bomb
it and the answer is maybe you know it
it wouldn't stop them from rebuilding it
in China or rebuilding it after China
owns them because you wouldn't be able
to get rid of the expertise you know the
the people is what allows them to build
build a chip making place so but they
could certainly slow them down until you
know maybe until the United States could
figure out how to compete on
chips so I wouldn't rule out that the
entire chip Mak industry in Taiwan would
go up and smoke if China rolls in
because there's nothing else you can do
and if our biggest problem is we need
access to chips and we're going to lose
it because China takes over and China's
going to have all the good
chips which by the way there they're not
allowed to have they're not allowed to
have the chips that are being built on
the island they think they
own reverse this in your mind imagine
it's
America and let's say
uh the Virgin Islands that we think we
own uh is the only place that makes good
chips and they wouldn't sell it to the
United States but they would sell it to
China would we put up with that would we
say well you know we think we own you I
mean that's not a Taiwan
and is not like the Virgin Islands so
the analogy doesn't work but I'm trying
to trying to make you imagine what it
would feel like if you had some of the
most valuable things in the world on
this island the the high-end chips some
of the most valuable things in the world
those chips nobody else can make them
like if we could make them in the United
States we had the knoow we'd be doing it
we're trying but I don't think we're
that close
so if you imagine what it's like that
you're China and you can't even buy the
essential chips you need from the land
that you think is yours in the first
place I don't see how they don't make a
move I don't see how they don't make a
move I think it's just a matter of time
and this might be the timing except
Trump's in office and I don't know so
here's what could stop
it Trump could say China there's one
thing you need to know we're not going
to let you take control of the chip
manufacturing we'll Bomb It To The
Ground as soon as your first the the
first moment a Chinese foot from China
Mainland reaches Taiwan we're going to
eliminate all of the all the structures
we'll tell the people to get out because
we don't want to kill any people they're
are allies after all but we will burn
those factories so if you think that
what you're doing is getting the chips
you're not you could take over the
country because there's almost nothing
we could do about that given the
proximity and all that
but you're definitely not going to keep
the
chips so what would they say well here's
that Trump unpredictability thing
the unpredictability is they don't
really know if he'd do that would they
take a
chance not if they're smart if they're
smart they'll wait another four years
because remember China's timeline is you
know longer than ours and if they say
all I have to do is wait four years and
see if I've got a better you know better
opening it wouldn't be smart to go as
long as Trump has that threat over them
and they believe that he's the only PR
president who would ever do that because
it's so far out of the box it's so far
out of the box we only think of you know
defend Taiwan or not defend Taiwan
binary it's not binary at all you you
can you can ruin it so China isn't so
happy about getting it in the first
place although they would be
happy all right so that's all I got for
now and thanks for joining I'm going to
say hi to the locals people of
privately but for the rest of you thanks
for joining and I will see you tomorrow
same time same
place all right
locals
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e for