bum-bum-bum bum-bum-bum pom-pom hey
everybody come on in here you know what
it's time for it's time for coffee with
Scott Adams and we've got a lot to talk
about
I was not expecting to have a lot to
talk about right before Christmas but
our president the entertainer in chief
comes through once again with plenty to
talk about plenty I say and before we
talk about that would you raise your cup
your mug your stein your goblet your
tankard your container of fluids I like
coffee and join me for the simultaneous
enter so let's start by talking about
that drone that's been closing the
Gatwick Airport over in England so
apparently some so far undetected person
operating a drone has been buzzing the
airport which is causing the entire
Airport to close and it really sort of
it tells you how unprepared we are for
the the world of drone
well terrorism really could you believe
that there's a major airport that did
not already have anti drone technology
now that is scary to know I would assume
that all the big airports would have
anti drone technology but apparently
only the military has that at least over
in Great Britain so that's a big wake-up
call but probably it was not a terrorist
probably just somebody who's a bad actor
but we're gonna have to watch that
alright let's talk about the fun stuff
we'll talk about Madison a minute but
wall funding
so I think the news is doing a good job
of covering all the elements of wall
funding Nancy Pelosi said you'll never
get the votes in the house and then
Trump not only got the votes in the
house but they approved 5.7 billion I
think he was only asking for five
billion and they not only didn't an see
Pelosi not count the votes right because
he actually won comfortably but they
gave him more than the more than I asked
for
that's about as wrong as you can count
the votes however the Senate will be a
different situation unless unless here's
the most interesting thing about the
wall funding the most interesting thing
is when it's happening because don't you
imagine that all of these senators don't
you imagine that their family is on the
phone with them about every hour saying
all the relatives are here already for
Christmas you really need to wrap that
up and go home
so the president weirdly has time on his
side because I think he cares less about
you know where he is because his his his
family sort of travels with him so he
doesn't have to go home he's sort of
always home when you're the president
you're just always home because your
family's wherever you are if you want
them to be so I think he's holding
Congress hostage in a way because they
really really want to get home and no I
don't hear anybody really talking about
how much that would influence people's
votes I really do think people could
vote differently maybe not enough to
make a difference but I do think people
who would change their votes because
their family members are on their backs
you know just get this done get over
here but it doesn't look like the
Senate's going to pass it so it looks
like the government's going to shut down
now we're going to talk about also
Madison Syria in a moment but there's a
there's a larger sort of story here it
seems to me that the Democrats have
inadvertently made the biggest mistake
that they can ever make you won't hear
this anywhere else so this will be the
first time you have ever heard this
theory and you can judge yeah how much
credibility to give it and it goes like
this
do you remember when I made my move into
politics
and I took some really big risks with my
career with my reputation with my income
etc the only reason I was able to do
that or really willing is because I
didn't have anything to lose so history
and circumstance had put me in this
situation where I didn't mind taking
higher risks because I can handle them
now take president Trump if he had been
an average president doing an average
job what would what would be his
instinct to be if if there were enough
people saying hey you're doing a good
job let's say he had a let's say he had
a solid 47 percent approval rating would
he be as risk-taking as he is when
everything's going to hell let me put it
in another way the president's critics
have unleashed the weapon of mass
destruction in other words the legal
challenges on Trump are so extraordinary
and so bad that they've pushed him into
a situation where he has nothing to lose
so the critics of the president have
pushed him into a situation where if he
doesn't do something big that makes a
difference he will lose because they're
chipping at him with all the legal stuff
and the media is chipping away he has to
get above the noise so there there was
this baseline level of legal challenges
and noise and criticism that was higher
than we've ever seen for probably any
president although Obama had it pretty
bad too and in order for him to get out
of that the one and only way to do that
is to do something that's so big it's
it's outside of it so that this stuff
becomes less important so they have
forced the president to do bigger things
than he might have otherwise been
inclined to do because if they were if
the reporting had been you know we
didn't support this president but even
we have to agree things are going well
if that was the reporting how big a risk
would he take to ruin a good thing
probably not very big so it seems to me
that the in the sort of accidental
effect of the criticism from the left
becoming more effective and I say more
effective because now that the the
Democrats will have some control of the
house and they're gonna they've already
said we're gonna unleash unlimited legal
pain what would you do if you were in
that job if you put me in the presidency
I would I would put away my list of
ordinary tasks I would say to myself
okay here are all the ordinary boring
things I was planning to do okay there's
my ordinary list now let me take out the
list of things that will set your hair
on fire let me take out the list of
things that nobody would even dare to do
boom
that's what I'm gonna do I'm gonna do
this list because doing the other list
is a waste of time because if I do the
other list of the boring ordinary stuff
I'm gonna stay below the noise level I'm
gonna stay below the danger level I need
to get out of that zone entirely and so
I believe the president is has been sort
of politically pushed into a high-risk
high-reward frame of mind and the he's
taking advantage of it he's taking
advantage of the fact that they have
that the opposition has a boot on his
throat if if you're in a fistfight and
somebody gets you down and starts
choking you to death and you you know
and the only thing you could do is reach
a gun you're gonna use the gun even
though it's a fistfight they've kind of
forced Trump out of his comfortable box
and you know his his comfort level was a
pretty big box to do something that you
just wouldn't even imagined which is to
keep his keep his campaign promise
nobody saw that coming nobody saw it
coming that he would keep his campaign
promise I'm getting a sadness area now
let's talk about Syria a little bit
general mattis says you know wrote a
scathing letter and quit he quit and
people's hair is on fire and one of the
funny things is it caused MSNBC to love
war Glenn Greenwald was tweeting this
morning and I retweeted it that the
bizarre thing about this whole situation
is that Rachel Maddow who literally
wrote a book not too long ago about how
the US should stop being in all these
unauthorized Wars is complaining about
the president for leaving an
unauthorized war she literally wrote a
book on the opposite opinion
that's how easily they're switching
opinions and and the world is turned
upside down and the boxes the boxes
shaking like crazy so you're saying I
guess Chris Matthews came out in favor
of the president's action and you're
seeing some a few lefty is being in
favor of it I don't know about I haven't
heard from Bernie Sanders yet but he
probably likes it you're seeing the
Republicans going crazy let's talk about
matters now
Madison's job and the president's job
are not the same job and it would not be
surprising that when you hire a war
general meaning a general who is really
good at winning wars that once you've
won all your wars and you could argue
whether Isis is completely defeated or
just you know mostly defeated on the
battlefield but for all practical
purposes we've sort of won all our wars
and so the guy who's really good at
fighting wars doesn't have the same
value as he did when we needed to go in
and beat Isis so that's the first thing
the second thing is that mattis being a
military guy he has no doubt made
promises to allies and and as a matter
of Honor if he can't keep his
commitments to his allies he resigned I
don't hate that I think as a military
principle if you can't maintain what you
consider your honor or your commitment
to your allies they're resigning might
be exactly the right thing to do which
doesn't mean the president is wrong it
just means that mattis can no longer be
consistent with his commitments and with
his you know here's his view of honor
etc with what the president has done
which is a hard decision so I'm not
entirely sure that we should make too
much of the fact that mattis who has a
completely different set of
circumstances would have such a strong
agreement with the president who is you
know of course carrying out his campaign
promise and now it seems like the big
discussion is going to turn on the Kurds
the Kurds and are I suppose other allies
in Syria that we now feel are exposed
and will be slaughtered what was the
first thing you heard about this story
probably the first thing you heard is
that some Turkish defense minister or
some job like that had announced that
when America pulls out that they will
move in and slaughter our allies the
Kurds the allies in that fight now 24
hours later as I expected that story
changed turns out that didn't happen so
the most critical story that formed your
opinion on this doesn't seem to have
actually happened it was fake news what
did happen as far as I can tell and
again we're still in the fog of war so
you know fact-checked me on this I could
be wrong by tomorrow but my
understanding is that the defense
minister or whoever it was over in
Turkey had made a general statement
about defeating the Kurds that was
unrelated to whether or not we pulled
out it was just sort of a general
statement just like all of their other
general statements so nothing really
happened there the next thing you have
to ask yourself is what would the United
States do if turkey tried to slaughter
our allies as soon as we left would we
do nothing well I don't know exactly
what we do but it seems like that's part
of the details that need to get worked
out I would say if turkey immediately or
even soon after attacked our allies who
we had given guarantees of safety we
might have to attack a NATO country
that that wouldn't be good but we're in
the world where all the choices are bad
it's a bad choice to stay it's a bad
choice to leave so here's the main thing
about the Kurds we have 2200 people
there who are mostly advisors I do
believe that that's enough people to
maybe keep the teams apart in other
words nobody wants to accidentally kill
any Americans because that would be bad
for their national interests so they
probably do serve some kind of a
peacekeeping role let me ask you this if
the main reason that we're still useful
in Syria is in a peacekeeping role whose
job is that is it the United States job
to be in a peacekeeping role to keep two
warring parties apart nope that is the
United Nations so where is the
discussion of the United Nations keeping
this probable Massacre from happening
seems like that's right down there there
Lane I haven't even heard that mentioned
have you where where where was the
argument that says the United States
needs to get between all warring parties
sorta not our job secondly I'm pretty
sure we could say the turkey and maybe
already have but what do you think is
happening privately in the discussions
between the United States and Turkey
I've heard some conspiracy theorists say
that in order for Turkey to shut up
about to show Keyes murder by Saudi you
know we're gonna give them something and
we're gonna give up the Kurds that's
ridiculous
I'm sure that conversation has never
happened anywhere but I'll bet the
conversation with Turkey goes something
like this if we pull out and you
slaughter our allies we're gonna
you up
[Laughter]
so do you think there's any chance that
Turkey has a green light to slaughter
our allies while the world watches
there's no chance of that
now the details of how we could protect
the Kurds if indeed we want to do that
and that's preliminary that seems to be
what we want to do there is no way that
we that we have told Turkey you know
whatever you want to do that's okay with
us there's no way we pull out without
putting the fear of God whatever God
they want to pray to in Turkey there's
going to be if they move on our allies
and embarrass us in front of the world
by doing so you know much less yeah
you know the bigger tragedy would be the
massacre of the Kurds obviously but if
they want to do that and embarrassed in
the United States in so doing the price
that Turkey would have to pay for that
would be higher than they're willing to
pay and I'm pretty sure that that
message has been communicated by now now
here's the one way that I could be wrong
about that more ways than one I could be
wrong about that one way is are we
entirely sure who our allies are over
there doesn't seem to me doesn't it seem
to to you that we can't really tell the
difference between the Allies and the
terrorists over there you know is it
true that some of the Kurds are also
terrorists is it true that is it true
that it's just a big mess of sometimes
you're terrorists and sometimes you're
an ally it just depends which which
direction somebody's shooting I don't
know if we even know who our allies are
exactly so that's the other thing you
have to realize is it's not like hey
here are our friends
it's probably nothing like that it's
probably like well they did fight on our
side and we did say we keep the Turks
away but they they've got some issues
too that we don't love they got some
people in that group they've got some
objectives we don't love it's probably
something like that so the main thing
you need to understand when you're
watching all this stuff is that you
should assume you don't know anything
hold on afternoon let me make a message
here Christina's texting me now so years
here's the here's what's interesting
about this story if you watch the
coverage of it in the pundits you're
going to see a lot of what I call the
half pinion a half pinion is where you
consider only the benefits of something
or only the costs a full opinion is
where you've considered both and I would
say that Trump is making a full opinion
meaning that he is considering the Kurds
he's considering the Israel will have to
fight harder he's considering all the
all of the pluses and minuses and he's
decided to make a hard decision that
will be very unpopular to many people
that appears to be what's going on now
watch the coverage the coverage the the
pundits will be talking past each other
without addressing the other's point and
it goes like this
the people who are against the pullout
will say if we pull out we'll be letting
down our allies and the Kurds will be
slaughtered the people who want to pull
out will say nothing about the Kurds
they'll just say well war working out
lasts forever
this was his campaign promise we can't
be in these unauthorized Wars you'll
find that neither side will address the
point of the other because that would be
a full opinion and nobody can really
give a full opinion because it would
look rid
Nickolas or it would look like you would
agree with Trump which would be even
worse for a lot of people so now when
Trump threw in the pulldown of troops in
Afghanistan he really made it clear that
the u.s. is looking to you know reduces
its footprint now I've said before that
you have to look at the big big picture
and I think there's a chance for peace
in the Middle East because of all the
moving parts moving in the right
direction and this is one of them one of
the things that could help peace in the
Middle East is a general impression that
the United States is looking to reduce
its footprint in favor of the locals
taking care of business now in this case
it's locals plus the Russians but in the
you know as long as as long as the
Russians are not against us in this case
we're in good shape now one of the
things that matter said was we have to
be clear-eyed
about Russia not being our friend and I
think he's right but here's here's the
thing I keep asking myself why is it
that the most logical alliance in the
world is not the US Russia and China
wouldn't you say that the US Russia and
China can never gain by fighting each
other that that's just a truth right
none of us can make an advantage by
directly fighting each other all we can
do are these little stupid proxy wars
that don't help anybody because whatever
they proxy us we're going to proxy them
we'll know what they did to us they'll
figure out what we did to them and all
we're doing is biting each other's
ankles doesn't it seem like Trump Putin
and she could sit in the same room and
say here's the deal fighting each other
with cyber with proxy wars and all this
stuff just never works
the
only threat that the three of us have is
from other smaller countries and from
you know terrorists basically so it
seems to me it seems to me that the
three countries that should never be
biting each other's ankles are China
Russia and the US I just don't know what
reasons we have given that we can detect
everything they do and they can detect
everything we do it would be a different
situation if we could do things secretly
you know if China got hacked and they
would never know it was us but that's
not the case they sort of always know
who it is and there's just no profit in
the three countries being at each other
now so here's my big picture I think
that the big picture is that we'll
figure out something to do to either
protect the Kurds or we'll find out that
that situation was more complicated than
we imagined and it's not what we thought
I think that Russia was always going to
be the ones taking the fight to Isis at
least in Syria forever probably let's
put that on their budget I think Israel
was going to do with Israel was going to
do no matter what anybody else wanted
them to do or was doing and Israel will
pick up its fight in Syria and probably
be pretty effective Iran seems to be the
big loser here now I know people are
going to say eh Iran is a winner because
the u.s. is pulling out I don't think so
because Iran has to deal with Russia and
Israel now that's not exactly fun so I
don't think I don't think Iran is a
winner I think Russia might be a winner
but not in a way that's necessarily
going to make us worse off we'll see now
the other thing to keep in mind is that
most of what people are worried about
with
is resigning is that they believe they
can they can predict the world and it's
bad ask yourself this have you correctly
predicted anything that's happened in
the last three years if you have
correctly predicted a lot of stuff that
I would say well you're probably a good
predictor but if you have not accurately
predicted anything for the last three
years and you're worried because what
you predict will happen looks pretty bad
maybe you should be less confident in
your predictions here's a here's a
truism about government and big business
any time something happens that looks as
enormous as a resignation of madis that
looks pretty enormous to you doesn't it
that seems like a big big deal a month
from now well he'll still be in office a
month from now a year from now what are
the odds that anybody's gonna care the
general mattis left and was replaced by
a very capable general who has probably
been at one of many very capable
generals do you think you'll notice I
don't know that you'll even notice one
of the things that Mathers had working
for him
besides being terribly popular in the
service is that he had a great
reputation he was fun to talk about and
he was very quotable and all that stuff
but I don't know it's gonna make of that
much difference a year from now you
probably won't know the difference the
other thing you have to take into
account is that everything seems more
tense and more dangerous and more scary
because it's almost Christmas tell me
this is true or not every one of you is
more stressed this week than normal
true or false true or false you're all
more stressed because of Christmas and
you've got 20 things to do instead of 10
things to do right so when you're
looking at this news story about mattis
you're taking that frame with you you're
taking your
you're already your hair's on fire
before any news even happens and then
you look at something like mattis
resigning and writing this negative
letter to the President and and you say
to yourself my god it's the end of the
world what's gonna happen blah blah blah
blah keep in mind that in three weeks it
won't feel like this and nothing will
have changed in three weeks nothing will
be different but it will feel completely
different in three weeks because the
world didn't blow up and Christmas is
over and then we're just talking about
who's replacing mattes and you know we
figured out you know what we're going to
do to protect the Kurds or not you know
that we'll have more visibility on that
in three weeks this won't even feel like
anything and keep in mind that the
business model of the press is to make
this seem like a big bigger deal it is
so you've got the Christmas stress on
top of that you've got the press whose
job it is to get you more scared than
it's necessary and on top of that you've
got a president who's been pushed into a
high-risk high-reward decision-making
mode where he can really get some stuff
done if things go well every part of
that is scary and then on top of that
you put the you put the stock market
going nuts how much should you worry
about the stock market going down what
it whatever it's been ten percent or
something should you worry about that
probably not because the stock market is
is reacting to all this all the stuff
swirling around its reacting to
uncertainty my guess is that we're
entering one of the best buying periods
that the stock market has ever seen now
don't take my financial advice because
that would be crazy
I'm not really good at financial advice
so let me let me give you a dose of
completely earned humility in that
regarde don't buy stocks because i said
it could be a good opportunity but the
reasons that the stock markets are down
matter the the markets are down because
of uncertainty there's uncertainty over
trade there's uncertainty over now Syria
and there's uncertainty over the
presidency because of all the the stuff
going on the trade the trade
negotiations will will resolve one way
or the other so that uncertainty will go
away Syria will get better better look
at that that will go away so most of
what is our uncertainty is because the
news is getting us all excited but as
long as jobs are good that's the thing
you should look at if jobs still look
good the economy almost always does well
I don't know if there's any if there's a
economic historian here perhaps you can
give me the the rundown but has there
ever been a time when jobs are great you
know unemployment is really low and then
everything went to hell
you see you know you the first thing
that's gonna happen is a loss of jobs if
you don't see that I'm not worried about
the stock market the stock market goes
up and down on on motion alright let's
talk about the when's so did you notice
that Sarah Sanders has changed her
language about the wall so I tweeted
this she said that it might be a wall or
it might be steel slats when the
president announced did his little talk
before the farm bill he said yeah look
if it makes the Democrats feel any
better we'll call it steel slats so if
it's steel slats is that a fence or is
that a wall or is it one of the
prototypes that sort of steel slats up
to a point and
then so it's hard to get over there's a
wall toward the top so remember my
weirdly specific prediction the
prediction that I made is that the the
border security thing would get solved
when when both sides could find a way
that one could call it a wall and the
other could call a defense and sure
enough here it is steel slats some can
call it a wall and some can call it a
fence now that's not enough to get it
through Senate probably but I'll bet it
comes closer than you think
somebody says do you think somebody is
paying me to do these periscopes the
answer is the people no I don't I don't
take money from anybody who's an
individual or powerful just from micro
donations on patreon at the moment but
we'll be looking to change that platform
and if you give and if you give super
hearts here on periscope
apparently that turns into money for me
so those are the ways that I make money
in this and then in addition to the
extent that doing these periscopes helps
me sell books I'm writing another book
so my my financial interests are
completely disclosed it's it's patreon
donations it's super hearts and it
allows me to write books and maybe do
better you know selling them because I
have this attention so that's my only
financial incentive but beyond that I
really like it I've said this before I
don't think I'd do any of this
periscoping except that I like it yeah
and if you'd like to buy a Dilbert
calendar as a gift that would be a great
way to get more of this all right now
tell me who else who else predicted that
the solution to the border would be
something that somebody could call a
wall and somebody else could call a
fence I believe I'm the only one in the
world
am I wrong am I wrong that all of the
language is starting to come together
and even both sides are saying well well
it's not a wall all the way but maybe we
need a little bit of wall I'm not wrong
we're in complete agreement they just
needed to fix the language and it looks
like they have but I doubt I don't know
if the Senate will I don't know if the
Senate will get this room now one of the
reasons I like calling it a wince
because it's a combination of wall plus
fence but also if you're want to be
illegal immigrant and you come up to
that structure what's going to happen
you are going to return from whence you
came
it's the whence because you must return
to whence you came once you see it all
right what else we got going on I think
that's mostly the news the sonic weapon
well I'm still strongly in the position
that the so-called sonic weapon that
allegedly affected the people in the in
the embassy is that's not going to be a
weapon whenever we figure out what it
was it won't be a weapon all right I
think that's all I've got for now
anybody have any questions there's a new
deal oh yeah there's a new deal with
Mexico so instead of releasing people
into the United States we release them
into Mexico so
you know I've also wondered I can't
figure out why the legal plus mostly
legal why can't we charge a small fee to
all legal entrance from south of the
border do we do that already is there
already some kind of a fee for just
moving across the border I mean couldn't
we just put a toll but you put a toll
booth on the border where people are
coming through legally wouldn't the toll
booth pay for the wall if you wait long
enough a lot of people comes through
those roads all right how can I convince
my wife that chemtrails are fake well
chemtrails are tough because you can't
prove a negative so it doesn't matter
how many airplanes or jets you show are
not gassing the public the people who
believe in chemtrails can say yeah well
the ones you checked but there are those
other secret top secret government
planes spraying you with chemtrails the
chemtrail idea and the first time I met
somebody who actually believed it I
think my brain went into some kind of
shock because the first time you see
it's one thing to see it online yeah
because you see every crazy thing in the
world on Twitter but it's really
shocking to see somebody in person say
chemtrails are real because I'd look at
it on the go ah I can't give you a
reason that's not real but that's not
real there's there's such a small chance
that the government is gassing us with
chemtrails
and that somehow yeah we're not noticing
except for the conspiracy theorists that
would be truly amazing
Joe Rogan debunked it well I don't know
how you can debunk it exactly because
people could just say well you don't you
only check the planes that did not have
chemtrails it's the other planes uh yeah
we talked about the drones all right
Scout do you predict the government will
shut down yes I do I do predict the
government will shut down and I will
talk to you later