[Music]
Hey Thomas get in here Janice grab your
coffee today is going to be a very
special coffee with Scott Adams now
they're all special but this one might
be more special than most because the
news the news is just serving it up
today some days I get on here and I
think maybe I wish there were more news
more more interesting news and then
there are days like today where I look
at the news and I go there's not enough
time in the day to drink all the coffee
I need to drink to talk about all this
news so please will you join me grab
your cup your mug your
chalice your glass your container fill
it with your favorite beverage and join
me for the simultaneous
ah now some of you are seeing me
sideways are you not some of you are
seeing me sideways I have determined
that that problem is not on my end
because I've used different devices in
different ways and I get the same thing
if you want to fix it I know you can fix
it in replay mode but possibly not in
real time in real play mode all you have
to do is uh forward the video toward the
end
and it will fix itself and then you take
it back to the beginning and it will be
the the correct orientation from the
beginning all right so if you're
watching this
sideways on replay it won't work it live
I don't think but on replay if you're
watching it later fast forward it to the
end the orientation will fix itself and
then just take it back to the beginning
and it will stay fixed uh so it's a
problem with Periscope apparently I hope
they fix it there's so much news let's
start with the monkey attacks and of uh
in India in uh Agra the town of Agra
which is where the Taj Mahal is there
are
literally
uh one of their biggest problems is
monkey attacks and monkeys are actually
killing people monkey
attacks all right well we don't have
that problem here I just have to mention
that because it's not every day you get
to talk about monkey attacks
but today I got
to um did everybody see uh the attack by
The Daily Beast on uh Jack
pabic this is one of the one of the
worst despicable things you've ever seen
in your life so there's a photo of Jack
in which he's pointing as something and
I'm not going to do the gesture but
imagine if you had your finger out point
pointing and imagine because I'm not
going to do it imagine if your hand was
outstretched such as you were reaching
for something in that
direction if they clipped off the hand
in the photo it would appear that your
arm is out stretched in sort of a salute
of sorts so The Daily Beast takes this
photo of uh of Jack babic they clip off
his hand so you can't see that he's
pointing at something and they clip out
the guy he's standing next to who's this
who's an African-American guy who's
obviously there with him at the same
event for the same reason who's who's
got his hand over his heart it was some
kind of Peace event and they and the The
Daily Beast turned it into a Nazi
salute oh my freaking God if you think
the the Press could be worse than
that I don't know speaking about the
press the New York Times had a expose on
Facebook I believe it was last night or
this morning it published and I I
tweeted an article about it so you can
see it in my feed but apparently when
the uh the Russia uh influence on the
2016 election came out according to the
New York
Times Facebook Executives Cheryl sander
and Zuckerberg they hired um political
operatives
to to blame stuff on George
Soros and also to blame people being
anti-semitic so
Facebook was actually hiring people to
smear George
Soros and also to smear people for being
anti-semitic and the evidence for that
seems to be pretty strong so strong that
the open Society soros's
organization has written a blistering
letter against Facebook
and wow so in summary it seems that the
people on the right of the political
divide are very mad at Facebook for you
know uh for uh supressing the voices of
conservatives the people on the left are
very mad at Facebook for all the reasons
that the left are mad so Facebook only
has two problems everybody on the right
and everybody on the left but the good
news for Facebook is that most of the
people who care about politics tend to
skew
older so the people who are older on the
right hate Facebook at the moment and
the people who are older on the left
hate Facebook for a moment but that
still leaves all young people who don't
care about politics who for the most
most part are giving up on Facebook okay
so there are three categories there are
the young who don't like Facebook cuz
it's not really their thing and then
there's the old on the right who don't
like Facebook and the older people on
the left who don't like Facebook I think
that's everybody in the
world okay Facebook has a
problem not as bad as Snapchat's problem
but it's a
problem um so just calling that out as
an interesting
story now uh we have to mention the
Caravan every now and then in our two
movie
world two opposite things have happened
one is that the Caravan is no big deal
and it's so trivial and it's so far away
and it's no big deal and then the other
world it's an invasion not a military
Invasion but a a physical practical
Invasion if other people get to decide
who lives in your country uh I don't
know I don't know the the best word for
that you know maybe we need another word
cuz I've never seen a non-military
Invasion
before uh but it seems to be a
non-military Invasion and it probably
needs a word sometimes things don't get
settled until you have a word for it
um let's talk about uh
avanetti you probably heard the news
that Michael
avanetti uh has been um arrested and
released now but he was arrested and
charged with beating up a woman who
wasn't his wife but must have been some
girlfriend
situation uh Michael avanetti went on
camera and said he has never done
anything like
that I have made a habit of telling you
that uh people who study persuasion
people who study hypnosis are pretty
good at detecting
lies and so I trying to predict who's
lying and who isn't in a variety of
situations and so we have another clean
situation in which avanatti has been
accused of something by a woman he came
out and he said in public nothing like
this has ever happened I didn't you know
it didn't
happen um and I watched his performance
and performance is the right word right
because you're doing it in public you're
trying to create a profession an
impression and I know you're not going
to like
this but he looked like he was telling
the
truth now I'm not taking you aside uh
yeah I'm not going to I'm not going to
take you aside or anything like
that I'm just saying that
performance-wise
I didn't see any hint of lying now keep
in mind that he's a professional lawyer
he's he's very good on television so he
would know how to
lie but it's so it's he either told the
truth or he told a lie with so much
skill that I couldn't tell the
difference right if he had if he had
been a regular citizen I would have a
stronger opinion about whether whether
it was a lie or not cuz regular citizens
are not good at lying but he is a a
lawyer he he's a professional television
personality I thought his lie was well
if it was a lie if it was a lie it was
very well constructed and
delivered so here's the question I ask
you does it seem like a total
coincidence that the guy who is the the
lawyer for accusing kavanau of doing bad
things with women is it a coincidence
that as he's running for president or
appearing to to do that that he gets an
accusation that's exactly sort of in the
pocket you know it's like the the
simulation offered up something with a
little bit too much
coincidence all right so there are two
pieces of in of information here that I
think you have to consider one is that
he didn't look like he was lying but of
course he's a professional you really
couldn't tell
number two is it a complete
coincidence that he would be accused of
something that nobody else
saw they happened to be the perfect
accusation to get revenge or to suppress
him it might be a coincidence but I'm
going to
say keep some skepticism on this the 're
we're in a world where people like him
are being targeted take a look at what I
just told you about Jack
bobic Jack has been targeted so there
are people who are clearly working to
destroy him personally as you and you've
seen this with a number of different
personalities both on the left and the
right there are bad people who are
creating you know creating stories about
people on both sides and you're seeing
people getting picked off one by one is
aanaa being picked off
not going to rule it out so I'm going to
say on alanati you can certainly have
your opinions about whether you like him
don't like him uh Etc and I know you
have your opinions but on this specific
case I'm going to go with innocent until
proven
guilty all right um I know in general we
want to give credibility to the accuser
and I will do that so in the same breath
let me say you have to take it seriously
you can't you can't dismiss something
like this so you give it your utmost
seriousness of Investigation but keep an
open mind on this one let me uh talk
about something else um you I think most
of you saw by now that van Jones uh did
a positive tweet about the president and
about the prison reform stuff and let's
see if I can find that positive
[Music]
tweet and it the positive tweets from
Van Jones says give the man is due and
he's talking about uh
uh president Trump uh Trump is on his
way to becoming the uniter in
Chief wow on an issue that has divided
America for Generations congrats to
everyone on both sides who fought for
this and that he links to his story on
prison reform that the president has
embraced now the prison reform story is
interesting in and of itself but I don't
feel like I know all the details all I
know is that both sides seem to like it
and the president likes it so it's
probably something pretty
positive it is the first piece of
unambiguous
bipartisanship we've seen certainly
since the midterms and maybe the best
one maybe the best case of it um I had
predicted that having a
split you know House and Senate having
them in different parties would lead to
an Era of
bipartisanship that would be
surprisingly good for the country prison
reform seems to be the first example of
that we have also uh coming up maybe
marijuana oh and by the way it seems
that Jeff sessions might have been one
of the biggest um
obstacles to bipartisanship apparently
he was an obstacle on this prison reform
stuff he left it move forward he was a
I'm sure he was an obstacle on
marijuana um I don't know if you'd call
it reform but um decriminalizing it at
the federal level now he's gone that can
happen we also have at least the
potential for some good stuff on
infrastructure so there might be three
bipartisan examples of good stuff
happening now there's some other
bipartisan things happening listen to
this
the uh well I'm not going to call this
bipartisan but it it sort of leans in
the same direction the black caucus so
these are Democrats the black caucus
voted no confidence on the Tom Perez the
leader of the democratic party so the
black Co caucus is making a
break with their own party not a big
break they're not leaving the party or
anything like that but they've sent a
warning shot a vote of no confidence to
their own leader Tom
Perez right at the same time that van
Jones is tweeting about the uniter in
Chief what have I told you about van
Jones in the past I have told you that
van Jones is probably the smartest
person in the game on the Democrat side
so much so that if van Jones ran for
president you Trump supporters better be
worried cuz he does have the full game I
don't think he's running I've seen no
evidence of that but um I'm going to
describe van Jones's strategy and it's
one that I've described before but it
always helps to give examples of
it um I've said before and others have
said this that uh the African-American
population in the United States gave
away its power by voting for Democrats
no matter what and just sort of Tak
taking that side no matter what if you
take a side no matter what you're the
least important person in the
conversation because you're your your
vote is not in play tell me who's the
most important uh Senator right now the
most important Senator today is Jeff
Flake why is Jeff Flake the most
important senator cuz he's the only one
very few of them but he's one of the
very few who who is willing to go either
way that makes him the most important
one all right so yeah so
uh yeah Joe Mansion also important so
anybody who's willing to change sides is
automatically the most important one in
the
conversation van Jones has done what I
will call the Anita strategy Anita is
somebody I worked with who who became
the uh model for my Dilbert character Al
now what she was famous for the the real
person not the Alice character was that
she was one of the most effective people
I've ever seen in the corporate world
and the and the strategy that she used
was she would create an extreme
contrast between being good to her
meaning doing what she wanted agreeing
with her being on board giving her stuff
when she needed it answering questions
that sort of thing so if you were good
for her she would go to your boss tell
your boss you should get promoted and
what a great job you've done sing your
praise and even I've seen her buy
flowers for co-workers just for doing
great jobs now imagine having a coworker
on your side like that somebody who's
becomes your your best promoter for your
career and and talks about it all the
time this person's great man you know
the I asked for something it was perfect
now here's the good part she didn't Just
Praise people lavishly and loudly and
effectively if you were not doing what
she wanted and there were a lot of
people in that category she would
literally destroy your
career she would go to your boss and say
I can't get any anything done CU
somebody who reports to you is
completely worthless here's the example
and by the way I'll be back in your
office tomorrow to tell you more about
this person until you fire them I'll be
back to your office every single day
telling you have to fire this person
until I get what I
want I know what you're saying you're
saying bully right but let's just
concentrate on the technique for a
while there was a huge contrast between
being her friend and being her enemy so
on any on any anything in the Middle
Ground what's going to happen you're
going to do her stuff first the biggest
problem in a corporation is everybody's
too busy to help people who need help
and everybody's got a project everybody
needs somebody to give them something to
do something to show up for a meeting
but I'll tell you people did stuff for
her because doing stuff for her got you
promoted and and keep in mind she wasn't
your boss she just worked with you doing
stuff that she didn't like got you fired
so you did what you wanted van Jones is
using a version of the Anita contrast
strategy by by publicly tweeting this
and praising the president specifically
for one
thing what has Van Jones
done van Jones just became the most
important black person in the United
States right just like my cooworker did
she became the most important person at
her level by being willing to go EXT
scream on either direction and making
sure everybody knew it it's the public
aspect of what van did that makes him
powerful he he was one of the
president's strongest most vocal critics
and I praised him at the time for being
what I consider the most genuine of the
people who had a problem with the
president he his criticisms to the
president consistently felt to me like
an accurate expression of how he felt
and and also Al you know expressing
other people's similar views he didn't
look like the political hack who was
just going to say stuff on his team you
know he didn't seem like that and now he
is he sort of uh shown that to be the
case because when there was a positive
thing to say about this President he
didn't simply just go along with it he
went all the way to the left he went
further to the left than you thought he
would go by twe tweeting give him give
him his due on this topic alone he's not
saying anything about other topics he's
limited it to the topic that's smart he
said give him is due he's being the
uniter and chief on this now who's now
let me ask you when when the
Administration has another big Topic in
which they need some help who are they
going to go to who are they going to go
to first they're going to go to Van
Jones why cuz he's the effective one
he's the he's the the one who is willing
to go where the truth is he's he's the
one who's willing to go where the
solution is he doesn't care who he talks
to right have I told you before that the
superpower of being willing to talk to
people that you don't agree with is is
just an amazing power the president
demonstrated that when he talked to Kim
Jong-un right he showed the power of
talking to the person you're not
supposed to talk to Van Jones showed it
to you again van Jones talked to the
person he's now supposed to talk to in
this case president Trump and he got
probably a really good result for the
for the prison community and for the
country because I think this is good for
everybody um
so so here here are the the small parts
of bipartisanship that are break that's
breaking
out um as I said the black caucus is
showing some Independence small just a
signal but it's important it's an
important signal we see that
um the that Facebook is sort of being
disliked at the moment by both sides in
a weird way that's bipartisan you know
it's it's a small thing by itself it
doesn't mean anything but I'm starting
to put together the Clues here um then
you see see that
uh uh apparently Tucker Carlson and
aazia Cortez are in agreement on the
Amazon headquarters issue so the issue
is I guess uh Amazon headquarters is
going to cost the taxpayers $2 billion
somewhere and kazio Cortez said hey
they're a big rich company why are the
taxpayers giving them money when we need
this money for social
purposes and T is saying um yeah why are
we doing that how does that make sense
now I'm going
to you know the main point here is that
you're seeing the left and the right
find a very specific thing to agree on
it's a very specific thing they're not
saying I love everything you do I'm
saying I'm willing to say that that one
thing is good it's a big deal because
you didn't see a lot of that right how
often do you ever see people on those
two sides just saying okay on that one
thing we agree it's rare so I'm calling
it out now my own
opinion is that it's hard to analyze
these things meaning that the whole
point of having the headquarters there
is that it should produce a lot of
income for the local um local
environment now without knowing how much
they will gain by putting in two billion
you don't really know so I'm not so I
don't agree or disagree with either of
them on this issue I think we don't know
enough I'm not sure we can even do that
math to figure it
out here's some more good news maybe uh
if you're following the kogi murder
problem Saudi Arabia has decided that
some some group of people are going to
take the fall for that so there is now
complete admission that he was murdered
that the murder came from Saudi Arabia
that there are highish Level people
behind it and that they will go to jail
or be punished severely now I told you
when this first happened that the
probable Arc of this is that Saudi
Arabia would need to find somebody to
punish for it who isn't Prince salon and
it looks like that's the direction
they're going now in order for the
United States and for other countries to
go along with what might be a little bit
of theater if you know what I mean in
order order for other countries to be
okayish with something that nobody
should be okay
with Saudi Arabia is probably going to
have to be a little bit flexible in
other
areas so I've said that that the first
dominoes to fall in what could be a
really good larger Middle East um you
know stability or peace plan or or some
kind of a deal like that would be
something with Saudi Arabia um and maybe
something that happens in Yemen that
that could be the the first couple of
dominoes so we're seeing the first signs
of something that could had it in the
right direction too early to know but
it's a positive sign um let's talk
about
uh let's talk about the general mood of
the
country I've got a white board talk for
you coming up you know you like your
white
boards uh I and I mentioned this before
but I wanted to put some meat on this a
a Critic of mine was saying that my
predictions are bad and he picked one in
particular to say you predicted X and
look what happened except that the thing
he mentioned I got totally
right more right than anybody's ever
been right and I'm going to demonstrate
that and here was the prediction I said
that things were you know super heated
during the election and that once the
election happened happened and the
president just got to the business of
you know being a normal-ish president
meaning you know not the worst of what
they expected but he would get some
things done he would be sort of more of
a typical Republican when things got
going and my prediction was that the
that the national
hysteria would start coming down as the
president just got on with the job of
getting stuff done let me
demonstrate how much things have
changed since
2016 um if you remember and it's easy to
forget something in 2016 right you you
just get used to your current day and
you forget about what happened two years
ago but just to take your mind back to
that um this is what people were worried
about in 2016 that the trade War would
destroy everything that we were electing
a dictator in Trump and he would have
lgbtq concentration camps I'm not even
making that up I am not making that
up that that's actually what people were
worried about there would actually be
concentration
camps uh Krugman and others said there
would be economic collapse if president
Trump came into office he would Deport
14 million uh illegal immigrants there
would be nuclear war of course uh he's a
Russian puppet oh my God we've lost the
entire country he's mentally incompetent
we've we've elected the what do you call
it the Mad King from uh Game of Thrones
uh the Isis is you know still a big
problem not not a president Trump
problem but still a big problem in the
world in
2016 the things we were worried about
were really really big
things scary scary big
things that was 2016 now remember my
prediction was that the temperature
would go
down let's jump forward to the current
age what is it that's in the headlines
today um Melania wrote a
memo she wrote a memo about somebody she
didn't like in the White House they got
reassigned okay um Jim aosta acted like
a turd he might have his press pass
taken away for a little while or a long
while but doesn't make much difference
they'll just put somebody else in that
job if if he goes away that's it Jim
Acosta um Trump hasn't shown us his
taxes we don't know that there's a
problem there there's no indication that
there's a problem there but hey he
didn't show us his
taxes um he sends Mean Tweets sometimes
his tweets are bad yeah his tweets are
mean um and then of course there's a lot
of mind reading there there's an entire
article the main article on CNN is that
the president is pissed the president is
mad at somebody well maybe but that's
your opinion of what he's
thinking that's it um yeah and then the
the Mueller stuff is looks like it's not
going to be much of anything right so of
course I'm summarizing and leaving stuff
out and I'm you know there's a little
bit of hyperbole here but the point is
there's no way that you could make the
case no way you can make the case the
things today are the same temperature as
they were in 2016 Am I Wrong Am I Wrong
right the the country went from my God
the wheels are coming off to I think's
pretty good now there's still a few wild
guards I would call these incompletes we
don't know what's going to happen with
climate we still disagree on that we
don't know what's going to happen with
Rover's Wade probably nothing maybe a
little bit maybe the states get to
decide but you know it's not the same
issue it used to be all
right now health care of course is still
a big issue but I'm not sure there's a
big temperature about that in other
words people care about Healthcare and
they certainly care if it if it affects
their pocketbook Etc but it's not like
some of these other issues that are
destroy the country issues you know the
the economic issues or sort of low
temperature things yeah we're still
worried about the the deficit said and
we should be but we don't have a high
temperature about it so I'm going to
claim complete victory in my uh
prediction that the temperature would go
down um Scott was wrong about
temperature going down years ago
too is somebody arguing that the
temperature has not gone down is there
anybody who makes that claim if you're
if you're arguing that it took a year
longer than I thought I will accept that
but
directionally I'm
right not the mid the
midterms yeah the midterms and the and
the recounts and stuff how you doing
over there still
diing uh and the recounts are not really
big
deals they're all little office Intrigue
and maybe somebody left a back box of
ballot somewhere Etc am I a climate
denier somebody says um how do you deny
the
climate um I somebody since somebody is
new here let me let me uh explain to you
on the climate science there are three
things that must be addressed there's
the science the physics and the
chemistry there's the models that
predict which are not science they're
just a tool that scientists are using
sort of like a chair or a microscope but
they're not science if a scientist sits
on a chair the chair is not science it's
just something a science a scientist sat
on and likewise then there's the
economic um BR economic uh estimates
that are not science also so the three
components of the conversation the
science which I assume is probably right
so I'm not a science denier because I
have no opinion that the scientists are
wrong about the core SCI
science I have lots of doubt about the
validity of the models but they're not
science and no model of that type has
ever been right so the odds of them
being accurate are close to zero and
they're presented much the way a fraud
is presented meaning that they throw
away the ones that don't prove their
points if it's a model that doesn't show
just what they want in the range they
want they say that model must be wrong
let's throw it away and then there's the
economic predictions that nobody can
make it's just too hard to know the ins
and the outs of the economics even
whether it would be good or
bad
so um if whoever came on here as my
critic
says that believing the models is part
of believing science well then you don't
understand science and you're worse than
a science denier you're a science not
understander uh what would Scott have
done if if Al Gore was elected in
2004 what would I have done I supported
Al Gore I thought I thought as a
politician that he was very strong and
the reason I the reason I sported Al
Gore was a little bit the same reason
that uh I like van
Jones uh if you remember in the I think
it was the first Iraq war do some fact
checking on me but I believe in the
first direct War he's the only one who
crossided and said yeah we have to go
into Iraq now it turns out that going
into Iraq was a big
mistake but I did like the fact that he
was willing to cross his party and that
looked like um that looked like
Independence now if you're asking me do
I think that alore is right on climate
science I would say he's clearly wrong
on um the speed of the predictions
certainly things have not turned
disastrous yet and I believe he he
suggested that they would by
now so we can say that with some
confidence that he wasn't right about
that um so but I I take a slightly
different um judgment about someone
being wrong about
something which seems kind of normal you
know even if you're a leader you're sort
of guessing about some stuff you're
going to get some stuff wrong but being
a smart person who is willing to look to
look on both sides is unique and I
thought Gore was unique in that way in
that he was a strong player and he was
willing to look at both sides not a lot
of people can do that so you you you can
uh you can hate him all you want and I I
get that I hear all your arguments but
uh I think I think he was a a solid
human is a solid
human uh Rand Paul too yes Rand Paul's
in my uh Pantheon of independent
thinkers where is the wall I think we're
going to get a wall deal and here's my
prediction there's one
change that both sides need to make in
order to get their wall and to get an
immigration deal and it looks like this
stop trying to fund the entire wall cuz
there's no reason in the world to do
that no matter which side you're on if
you like a wall or you don't like a
wall in both cases it doesn't make sense
to fund the entire wall why because it's
such a big project and it takes such a
long time that it makes far more sense
to build some of it let's say 5 billion
worth see if it works see if it makes
people go somewhere else see if it uh
reduces anything that you want to reduce
I think you can test it and if you can
test it and you can get it for $5
billion it's going to start to look like
a
deal
um so whether it's a virtual yeah and
and it might be smart to build three
types of walls you know a virtual one a
physical one maybe a different kind of
physical one
so so if you treat it like you're
testing it and then you'll decide
whether you want to fund it later both
sides win because there's nobody who
should be against testing something that
could work but some people doubt it
that's why you test stuff it's exactly
why you test stuff the most businesslike
thing you could do and therefore
Republicans should like it because it's
a business thing to do is to test it
small 5 billion 10 billion whatever
small looks like and then decide did it
work did it make everybody go down there
to get across
CU if it did then maybe it
works all
right um yes there are other prototypes
for non wall stuff and there there's
also have you seen the uh there's a is
it a
microwave or a laser I forget what the
technology is but there's some kind of a
a beam that you shoot at people and it
heats up their body so that they run
away so apparently there's this
non-lethal beam that's has been
developed that you can Target somebody
coming toward the border and just sort
of shoot them with it and they go ah my
body's on fire but they're not
permanently hurt and then they they run
away from whatever it is that's that's
burning their
body now I have my doubts that that
doesn't
actually um hurt you but it makes me
think that there might be some
technology there that's worth testing as
well uh
there's one that uses sound as well so
why not build a little section that uses
that build a little section that uses
the
wall build another section that uses
drones and surveillance yeah there must
be at least three things to test you
know if if if the Republicans said we
have three plans and we' like to fund a
test of all each of the three can the
would the Democrats actually say they
don't like
that's hard to say no to right uh so I I
realize that you you need to do a big
ask and ask for the whole 25 billion in
order to get what you want but in the
end if the public needs this to get
settled the only way to settle it is to
fund it as a trial and then make a
decision down the road about whether to
do more of it all right uh an active
denial system yes that's the name of it
it's called an active denial system
where they shoot the beam at you and
heat up your
body
um all right that's enough for now I'm
going to go do something else and I will
talk to you all later