papa papa that's my special almost
midterm election day theme ba-ba-boom
ba-ba sounds a lot like my regular theme
I know but it's slightly different hey
everybody come on in here it's time for
coffee with Scott Adams and if you have
been prepared or if you just got lucky
you might be sitting near your beverage
it might be in some kind of a cup a mug
a Stein a glass a container of some sort
but whatever it is if you love it and
you love me or even if you don't let's
have the simultaneous sip ready go good
stuff well it seems we have lots of
things to talk about today I hope you're
tweeting your flags your American flags
today and tomorrow morning
based on the science this says exposure
to the American flag actually just
seeing the American flag biases people
to vote Republican so if you'd like to
support president Trump tweet a flag I
see a lot of you are already doing that
and we'll never know if it worked but
science says it should now those of you
who have been watching my periscopes
know that my startup has an app it's
called interphase by win hub and on that
app you can sign up to be either an
expert or somebody who wants to talk to
an expert and the experts can set their
own price for an immediate video call
I'm saying this because at polling time
tomorrow if any of you are at a polling
place where something interesting is
happening get on the app as an expert
and just put in polling or reporter some
kind of key word about election polling
reporter and I will find you and I
will contact you while you're in line at
your polling place but only get on if
there's something happening there so if
there's an altercation there's an extra
long line if somebody dressed certain
ways if there's some confusion if
there's some kind of voter suppression
anything like that so if there's
anything interesting I'll I'll be in and
on off off and on periscope all day
tomorrow
so tomorrow I'll have multiple
periscopes and I might build them around
anybody who's seeing something
interesting at a polling place so just
go on and put it in the keywords polling
or reporter or election I'll find you
and we'll go live to you like you're a
reporter on site okay so now that we
have this app interface by wet nub it's
free you can download it for free and
you can set your price as an expert
anywhere from zero you don't have to
charge anything or if there's something
really really interesting happening and
you happen to be there with a camera
wouldn't you like seeing them to have to
pay for it so you could put a price and
say hey anybody who wants to contact me
it's going to cost X dollars and I will
help give you some attention through my
periscopes and most of them most of the
big media companies watch my periscopes
alright let's talk about the New York
Times story that dropped yesterday I
tweeted it and they took up the story
that Politico reported on about the
birth of the birth of the job's not mobs
meme and what the New York Times did was
fascinating and you should go see it
see if I owe you won't be able to see
this clearly but I'm just going to give
you a rough representation of what they
did it did if you can see it some kind
of a histogram a historical thing where
they show that the meme growing and as
those orange orange shows how much
reddit attention to God blue is how much
Twitter and you can see that it grew and
grew and grew
and then it went boom and all of these
bubbles here are how many people in
social media are talking about it now
the interesting part is that it went
from a trickle a trickle it's so small
you can't you won't even be able to see
it but a trickle of mentions mostly
about mobs and then the New York Times
reports that right here where things
started getting interesting and there
were lots of jobs not modest pensions
the New York Times calls out and this is
how they described it it says Scott
Adams the creator of Dilbert cartoon
strip of the Dilbert cartoon strip
quickly endorsed jobs not mobs as a
potential slogan and then here's the fun
part because of the cartoonist
popularity among the pro Trump crowd
online this was a key moment that is
that a screenshot of mr. Adams tweet was
posted to Reddit followed by a meme with
the phrase laid over an image of factory
workers on the top and violent protests
at the bottom and that was by Brian
vision and they they showed his his meme
and then it talks about Bryon of Bryon
vision who goes by Brian Machiavelli
Machiavelli on Twitter and they say the
creator of the beam of the meme talking
about Brian and when they say the
creator of the beam they're talking
about the visual presentation who goes
by the pen 9 pen name Brian Machiavelli
told me the New York Times that he
charges $200 an hour for his mimetic
warfare consulting services and now
first of all I don't know if that's true
so that might be true but it might be
true but it might also be something that
Brian just told the New York Times
because it was funny
I don't know so yeah and if it was true
he should certainly raise his prices so
Brian if your watch
this $200 an hour way too cheap it's
time to center ratio price but I'm not
I'm not sure I'm not sure he meant it so
that's the funny part but there's
another interesting angle on this I have
said before that if you're a person who
is talked about in the news often as I
am so I'm the subject of the news
literally thousands of times in the past
year you've seen how many times on the
subject of a news report probably in the
last year hundreds I'm not sure in the
last however many decades I've been
doing this
tens of thousands so I've been the
subject of just lots and lots of news
reports and my point is that if you're
the subject of the report you're in a
unique position you're in somebody's
asking if Brian of makaveli is on the
interface by when hub app I don't know
if he's tried it but if somebody wants
some consulting Brian you should get on
there so what I was saying is that if
you're the subject of lots of news
reports you're in a unique vantage point
because you can read the report and
you're the only person in the world who
knows for sure whether it's true right
nobody else really that was if the
report is true or false the only people
who really know or the subject in the
report so I've seen the news about me
being wrong a billion times so when I
look at news about other people I think
well it might be true but it's been
wrong about me so many times I have to
assume it could be out of context yeah
there's something missing about and I
want to I want to demonstrate that
effect with this New York Times story
all right so let me read the story again
and see if you think this is accurate
reporting this is just the only mention
to me right New York Times talking about
the jobs not mobs meme and they say
yesterday Scott Adams the creator of
Dilbert so far
so good all accurate quickly endorsed
jobs not mobs as a potential slogan so
far completely accurate now says because
of the cartoonist popularity among the
pro Trump crowd online this was a key
moment meaning that it got a lot of
attention because I have a lot of
followers is that true or false is this
fake news or real news well are we just
that one sentence again you tell me is
this fake news or real news because of
the cartoonists popularity among the pro
Trump crowd online this was a key moment
and in the context they're talking about
it it's when the traffic picked up true
it's true ish it's true ish meaning that
is completely true but there's some
context left out right here's here is
the way I would have reported it in the
way that I would have considered it to
be completely true I would say that it
was a key moment
partly because I had a big audience so
I've got pushing 300,000 I hope by the
end of the year up I have 300,000
followers on Twitter so that's a pretty
big audience so that part's true but
here's the other thing that's true I
wrote a book on how to do this when
Bigley is a book about how to persuade
so I'm literally an expert you know if
people who write books are experts you
know you could debate that well I'm
certainly someone who spends a
professional a lot of professional time
in the context of persuasion and
specifically for the past two years
persuading in politics it's literally
what I'm doing most of the time for the
last few years the other part of the
context is I was one of the few people
who predicted the outcome of the
election based on persuasion in other
words I used by persuasion skills to
predict what was going to happen
so what they missed the context was that
when I saw this slogan which I did not
invent I wish I had because it's great
but I didn't invent the word jobs not
jobs now mobs but when I when I
identified it I said if this was pure
brain glue all right so of all the
things out there all the things people
were saying of all the many slogans that
were floating around at the time there
was exactly one that I that I said was
special think how many things you saw
how many memes went by how many slogans
clever jokes how many did you see I only
picked out one as being the one now and
then it became the one so the story
should have been not that because of the
cartoonists popularity that should have
been half of it because if I didn't have
an audience nobody would have seen it
right so it's important it's necessary
that people saw it so the size of the
audience matters but that wasn't the key
thing the key thing tell me if I'm wrong
the reason that it took off when I
endorsed it is because I have a track
record and credibility with a big group
of people who thought that if I
identified it as powerful that it
probably had a better chance of going
forward then if I hadn't certainly
that's what the people that read it were
thinking and the second part of the
story is that reddit picked it up and
read it went with it secondly Brian is
one of my followers and we interact a
lot on Twitter that was kind of
important the fact that Brian the
creator of the meme and I interact all
the time on Twitter
I knew that feels like that's important
context so so in summary the news that
the New York Times reported is
completely accurate meaning they got no
facts wrong
but the story is completely misleading
at the same time that is accurate
am I wrong because if the only if they
think if the reporting is the only
reason that the meme took off is because
I'm popular they've missed the best part
of the story it wasn't that unpopular
it's that I'm popular for picking things
like this that are going to make a
difference in the future I'm popular for
being able to predict what matters
that's the story they left out the good
part of the story okay so enough on that
but it was great to see that I said I
think the other day I said that the
midterm election might come down to it
might come down to the weather and I
wasn't kidding because my point is that
the election might be so close in some
of the important places that the weather
might be the variable and right after
that I turn on the news and they were to
see and then I think it was was giving a
national forecast for what the weather
is likely to be on Tuesday and
apparently there are parts of the
country where it's going to be super bad
there's a prediction it may have changed
since then but the prediction I think
yesterday or the day before was that the
weather would be really really bad in
some key areas now if we don't live in a
simulation I don't know how to explain
this because the one thing that could
make Tuesday more exciting can you think
of anything if this were a movie and I
feel like it will be this is Trump you
know Trump too because this is sort of
like the the election to 2016 has to
become a movie all right the election of
Trump has to become a movie there's no
way it won't be a movie I don't know how
long it'll take
I don't know how many there will be well
it's going to be a movie and the good
one will involve me as the moderator or
the what do you call it the person the
the narrator
so those new political movies are good
when they have a narrator who just comes
in once in a while I'm the perfect
narrator for that because my vantage
point of watching it was special but the
midterms are like the movie too and the
only thing that could make movie 2 more
interesting in the final scene would be
to have a huge big-ass storm
imagine the movie put yourself in the
movie you're you're you're showing
different sets of voters the Democrats
getting ready to vote and the they're
all angry and the Republicans getting
ready to vote except they're planning
for a party and then the storm starts
and it's you know it's a movie so it's
like a super storm there's like
telephone poles coming over and you know
there's dogs flying in the wind and
there's minor flooding you know it's not
a hurricane but and you see the people
where's my umbrella where's my umbrella
they can't get the car started and you
know they're trying to vote and and
people are just you know and that's
storming and they're getting out there
are you seeing it yeah lightning you see
it right
best movie ending ever and all of these
people here's what makes it a good movie
every one of these people is fighting
fighting nature for democracy for the
country as they see it right people have
different views of what's good for the
country but every one of those people
who are braving the storm in the movie
that's coming tomorrow they're all
fighting for the country they have a
different version of what you know a
good result looks like but they're all
fighting for America it's a great movie
it's a great movie I hope it plays
anyway there's some thought that the
young people won't go out if the weather
is bad I'm not sure that's the case
especially in this one but if it's true
that young people don't go out when the
weather the weather is bad
you're gonna see the old people
determine the election and the old
people skew toward the Republicans so
the weather could be the final predictor
I will really reiterate my predictions
back in January I made the following
prediction do you remember in January it
looked like the Democrats were up here
and the Republicans were here and my
prediction was this that the Republicans
will do far better than whatever is
being predicted in January current
predictions are like this so if the
results turn out to be close I am going
to claim I'm going to claim another
accurate prediction so it doesn't matter
which one wins because I don't have a
prediction on that I'm predicting that
well I have a half a prediction I'll
give you that in a minute but I haven't
had a prediction that the gap would
narrow so accurate so far and I
predicted that it would narrow for a
very specific reason I predicted it
would narrow based on results in other
words that the Trump administration
would do well and that would be the
reason that the gap would narrow and
sure enough at least to a lot of people
that seems to be the case now here's my
actual prediction because everything
seems to go the way a movie goes what
would be the what would be the the most
movie like outcome tomorrow the most
movie like outcome is a tie
right now you might say to yourself well
that's not even possible
yeah you can have a tie but yes sorta
can have a tie and the way you would do
it is you only need a couple of races
maybe three to be in question on
Election Day in other words there was
something suspicious that happened in a
few of them there's a vote count that's
so close it's being challenged you have
to have a recount something goes to the
courts because the the recount wasn't
was either wasn't going to happen or it
was in constant inconclusive so my
prediction is that we won't know who won
tomorrow all right
so by the end of Election Day whenever
whenever the votes are essentially
counted for the night I'll say midnight
I'll say midnight on Election Day we
won't know the result now keep in mind
that the odds of this kind of a
prediction being accurate are really
small right which is why it's fun it's
fun because it's so unlikely now I'm
going to admit to you that this is an
unlikely prediction
this one's just for fun right it's not
really based on persuasion the
persuasion predictions I'm going to
stick with those are the ones that I'll
say yeah I'm gonna I'm gonna live or die
in this one this one's just for fun and
it's not based on the persuasion model
it's based on the movie model and the
simulation model if we're living in
something like a simulation that
continues to operate like a movie
the final scene is going to be a
nail-biter now in the end it has to go
one way or the other and I'm going to
keep open which way that goes because I
think a good movie could could go either
way good movie could go either way but
you need it to be close right to the end
so that's my prediction
now here are some things I saw in the
poll about the polls today that don't
make any sense to me
all right so this doesn't make any sense
to me Oh
let me give you a conditional I'll give
you a conditional prediction bills that
I will stick with if the weather is bad
like really bad in some of the key
states I'll predict the Republicans will
win so I will make a weather dependent
prediction if the weather is good
Democrats have that an advantage but if
the weather is terrible in key states
I'm gonna say Republicans pull it down
now I saw online today that 62% of women
preferred Democrats so by ratio of 62
percent to 35 Demi say this clearly
women are preferring Democrats by 62
percent 62% only 35% prefer Republicans
now as I've been saying the the that
Democrats are basically a party of women
at this point is that that's not too
much to say right if if 62% of women
vote Democrat that's enough for them to
essentially control the party so if you
are black or Latino for example and you
want to have power in your party you
might have come to the wrong party
because women are going to get what
women want period if if what if what
black voters and Latino voters want
happens to be the same thing they're
women want that's great but they're not
going to get a vote then their vote
doesn't count
as Democrats because the the women are
such a big block that they essentially
control the party
so but here's the part I didn't
understand see if you can explain this
to me and this is a real question this
is a genuine question there's no trick
here I don't understand what I'm gonna
tell you right now so the same article
said that their women are 60 62 to 35%
likely to vote Democrat that's a
gigantic difference in women but men are
roughly even that they're the same
amount of men who will vote Democrat as
Republican and yet the polls are not
close how do you explain that how could
it be possible that women are
overwhelmingly in favor of Democrats men
are even and yet the election is going
to be close
yeah in what in what the universe and
with what kind of math with what kind of
math can can the women be overwhelmingly
for one team the men be evenly divided
and that the total outcome is is unknown
how can that possibly be true
I don't understand it here's some else
something else I thought was funny I
read a seething editorial in CNN by Jen
Psaki besakih PS something like that in
which the entire article was just
dripping with trump hatred he's a he you
know he's a racist he's a Volvo blah
blah that's all the all the usual
laundry list stuff and then I see on the
same CNN poll that Latinos are 66%
likely to vote Democrat
now 66% there's a lot right two and
three but how does that explain that
one-third of Latinos have not noticed
anything wrong with the Republicans and
in fact are going to vote with them if
you if you're one of the two-thirds of
Latinos who is looking at let's say the
CNN view of the world which is that the
Republicans are just flat-out racists
and and they're in the the Democrats
message
is that the Republicans are racist
against Latinos specifically how do how
did the two and three Latinos explain
the fact that one out of three Latinos
don't see it that's invisible to them
because whatever three Latinos are not
voting for racists who are racist
against them that's not happening is it
this is a serious question if you're if
you're in the two out of three Latinos
and you're talking to each other
everything makes sense because two out
of three vote Democrat they have a
reason they agree with each other so
though they may if they're talking to
each other it all makes sense but what
happens when the the one and three and
one-third is a big percentage right
one-third of anything is a lot what
happens then when the one-third walks
into the room and they say well hey yeah
obviously you're not going to vote for
the people who are racist against you
right and that and that one guy says I
don't see it I think you're just
elucidating I don't see anything
I'm totally going to vote for him
because I like taxes my taxes low and I
like a good economy what did the two and
a three
how did they respond to that how did
they respond to the fact that that
one-third of Latinos can't see the world
that they imagine they're seeing now
analogies are never persuasive so I'm
going to use this one for comedic effect
now can't use it for comedic effect
because the topic is not funny what's
the better way to frame this let me just
put it in these terms so for not for a
comedic effect because there's nothing
funny about it but you could imagine
that during the well maybe I'm wrong
maybe somebody can correct me on this
but I imagine that during the Holocaust
were there any Jews who were saying oh
sure there's a little bit of rounding up
but you know one third of us we're still
okay with this Nazi thing I don't think
so I I would bet if you could do a poll
in Nazi Germany that the number of
Jewish residents who were Pro Hillier
probably really small probably close to
zero I mean there's always going to be
somebody but probably close to zero
right how do you explain one third of
Latinos have not noticed you're scary
Trump derangement syndrome bubble that
you're living in that's a serious
question I just don't know how you would
internalize it like hat how would your
brain hold these things to be true that
it's obvious that Trump is a giant
racist monster who hates Latinos that
it's obvious that everyone can see it
at the same time you have to hold in
your head that one-third of the people
just like you at least in this narrow
sense just like you don't see it and
they're looking at the same stuff and
have I ever taught you who is
hallucinating if two people are in the
same room one sees an elephant and the
other is in the same room at the same
time it says I do not see an elephant
who is hallucinating it's always the one
who sees the elephant because
hallucinations are positive things you
don't hallucinations never subtract
something that's in their room nobody
ever had a hallucination of walking into
a room and seeing no furniture when it
was actually full of furniture but
people have walked into a room and seen
something that didn't exist right a
hallucination is a positive thing it's
never subtracting something in the
environment so if one third of the world
is looking at exactly what you're
looking at and they don't see it it's
actually just not there to them the one
third is right not the two thirds you
can bet on that
by the way you could always bet on that
I saw another a CNN headline that had
interesting wording it said that you
know blah blah in the polling you
said that in the polling democrats were
quote still up did they still need to
say still do you notice the the doubt
that has crept in i think that a month
ago the headline would have said
democrats are up in the polls democrats
are up it's a brand new story democrats
are up by x points but cnn's headline
door democrats are still up still
doesn't that tell you it's not gonna
last like isn't that sort of a tell they
in their minds it went from a gimme - oh
shoot
it's definitely going to change but for
now for now is still up for now it's
it's still up alright so here's my other
message for tomorrow so voting is sort
of a special thing
voting is you know any democracy
important but in the united states it
has almost a religious spiritual kind of
a feel to it
voting is important to the humans in
this country and so tomorrow it could be
fun for half of the country it will be a
disaster for half of the country and we
don't quite know which half is going to
be which but i would advise you this if
you're on the losing team take it with
grace if the democrats pull this out and
they have a good midterm the proper
response should be well thought nice job
good job you put the extra effort into
it you got the extra result it should be
good job if if you have any other
reaction to it I would ask you to check
yourself because election days are
special and it's one time when the
country is trying to fight for democracy
somebody has a different version of what
that looks like than you and if it
doesn't go your way good job good job
other team that's that's my
recommendation now if it goes your way
and you win it will be a in most of you
I think or Trump supporters if you're
watching this periscope if it goes your
way hold down the gloating you know just
try to just try to keep some perspective
because the people who are on the losing
side are also on your side meaning
they're Americans so don't be too happy
don't be too happy if it if it turns out
that the unexpected happens and
Republicans pull out the the house as
well as the Senate don't rub it in
alright now I know I can't really tell
you not to enjoy yourself because you're
gonna enjoy yourself if that happens and
you can enjoy yourself a lot but just
keep in mind that the people who lost
are also part of your country alright
and just keep it in perspective secondly
or thirdly if there's some violence
against your side because the other side
flips out which would be a likely
outcome if the if Democrats lose and
Republicans hold everything or even make
gains it's very likely that they're
going to take to the streets it's very
likely that somebody is going to get
hurt on the Republican side
don't go anywhere near any kind of
action like that
don't don't don't address anybody in the
street
don't yell at them don't mock them don't
you know go chest to chest don't wear
your red hat outdoors for for a day I
think that would be just asking for
trouble of course you have a right to
wear your Maggie hat anywhere you want
but if if things go your way I wouldn't
wear it the day after election that's
for sure so take it with grace I would
like to give a compliment to the Trump
supporters who for the past two years
have held their fire if you know what I
mean
and I think that that's a great credit -
it's a great credit to the Americans who
were on the winning side of that there
were of course there are some crazies
there are crazies and we should do what
we can to discourage them but in general
as just a large looking at the overview
the Trump supporters are the most well
armed citizens in the history of
civilization probably I don't know if
that's true but let's say it's true
enough it's directionally true that the
the people the Republicans who have been
sort of on the on the let's say on the
receiving side of a lot of a lot of
negative everything have for the most
part just kept their heads down done
their work did their jobs took care of
their families and just took it and it's
it's very much something to be proud of
that you did not take the bait because
you know there was this much bait and
the only people who took it the other
people who you know rose to any kind of
you know violent or negative action was
you know a couple of crazies way too
many crazies but the general population
of Trump supporters were we're very well
behaved so my advice when
lose tomorrow win or lose be cool
because elections are special all right
somebody says you see this as a game
other sees as a fight for survival now I
don't think that's quite that is not
quite correct the whole reason I'm
telling you to be cool is that I don't
see this as a game I see this as life
and death all right an election with
this much energy and it is a
life-and-death civilization risking
situation it is very high-risk if people
decided to go nuts so I'm encouraging
people to stay not nuts because the
history
well not the history but the the future
of the country will really depend on how
people act in the next week it's gonna
it's gonna matter all right I saw
something that North Korea is doing a
little saber rattling lately talking
about starting up their nuclear program
because they're not getting what they
want as quickly as they want you should
expect that the North Korea situation
will continuously take steps back before
it takes steps forward so that it's a
very long-term you know process to get
from where they were to something you
know that's better
and they've already gone a long ways
you've seen that there been lots of you
know back steps before to forward steps
you can see more of that I wouldn't
worry about a little bit of negativity
coming out of that process you should
just expect that's normal all right
Democrats will ethnically replace me
somebody says yeah that's probably true
I mean just mathematically but I expect
I'll be dead by then you know I I saw a
video some of you aren't going to like
this but somebody showed me a video
online made by some Republican Trump
supporter type that was trying to gin up
fear about immigration from the south
and it showed a animated map where for I
don't know a hundred years or so most of
the immigration was coming from Europe
so you can see the little animated
indication that the the Europe was the
biggest source of immigration then as
time goes by it showed that there was
more immigration coming from south of
the border and it was presented as a
threat like among though the world is
ending because there's far more coming
from south of the border than there is
coming from Europe but at the same time
the United States in 2018 is the
strongest the United States has ever
been and more dominant over other
countries I would argue than we have
ever been so if if you are feeling about
immigration from south of the border is
that it's ruining the country your own
argument works against you because we've
had massively more immigration from
south of the border before how many
decades and the and the results so far
is the strongest country we've ever had
now you could argue well it would have
been even better but there's no evidence
of that so if you're gonna make an
evidence-based argument against having
greater immigration coming from the
south than coming from Europe you better
provide some evidence because so far
that immigration has been a component of
what is the strongest United States
we've ever seen now there's also I'm
saying the Artic
about whether diversity is good or bad
have you seen that lately the discussion
of whether more diversity is good or bad
and it's a fake conversation it's a fake
choice because diversity just is it's
not something that's good or bad it's
like air well it's bad analogy diversity
just is the there's no there is no
option where you don't have it if you're
talking about the United States that
boat is sailed a long time ago and
here's what I'll tell you about people
this is this is a a hypothesis and just
follow the reasoning people are
discrimination machines meaning that
discrimination is the primary way that
our brains are wired and not about
people but discrimination in all things
well if you look at a bush and you're
you're hunting and gathering and there's
some some fruit looks like it's overripe
and some is under ripe you are going to
discriminate in favor of the fruit that
looks good so your brain is always
sorting and ranking things automatically
you can't turn that off we rank things
automatically and the second part is
that were wired to prefer things that
are the most like us so the thing that
is most like yourself is yourself so you
prefer that above all things the thing
that is next closest to yourself is your
family and then people who are you know
close to them so your most basic wiring
is to prefer people who are the most
like you you can't turn that off you can
create laws and training and education
greater awareness you know systems etc
so that our higher-level thinking can
override our lower level thinking which
is just automatic discrimination all the
time so we're reflex is
all discrimination all the time if we
don't have good reasons will default to
our bias because we don't have good
reasons for most of our choices most of
the things we do we don't have all the
information we need we're just kind of
operating on by us well it worked last
night last time I watched football and
had to had a beer it was a good time I
think I'll watch football and have a
beer again all right
we don't use logic we just discriminate
based on our experience so here's my
point if I could snap my fingers and
everybody became the same race let's say
we all became elbowed ian's so I snap my
fingers in a magic and every human in
the world stops being whatever ethnicity
they used to be and they all become
elbow nians they all look the same would
that end discrimination and the answer
is not a chance not a chance
we are discrimination machines we can't
turn it off all we would do is
discriminate on something else so if the
moment everybody became you know
elbonian and there was nothing but
elbonian we were all ethnic DNA
culturally elbonian x' we would find
some damn reason to decide this some of
the elbonian x' were worse than some of
the other elbow nians you would have
left-handed elbow nians we would be
executing you'd have bald elbow nians
that we would be shunning fat elbonian
skinny elbow knees
Tala boning short elbow nians we would
find a hundred frickin reasons to
discriminate against each other even if
we are all oh bunions so my point is
humans can't turn off discrimination we
can't we can only learn how to operate
within its within its challenges which
we've done very well in this country I
would say the United States has has
solved for systems and practices and
culture to deal with Mordor
then maybe any culture ever has and we
should be pretty happy about them now
let's get to the point of whether
diversity is good or bad so the first
thing you need to know is that you can't
turn it off
if you thought you turned it off you
would just change your discrimination to
other factors and it would happen
instantly because that's who we are
we're discriminators by nature so my
take is that if you live in a diverse
society and there's no changing that
right there's no changing that we live
in a diverse society even if we were all
the same magically same ethnicity we
would just be diverse in other ways we'd
still discriminate against each other
under that scenario I would say it is a
positive to have people in the process
who come from different you know
different cultures different backgrounds
because you want as many windows into
the world as you can and everybody's
looking at things coming from a
different direction so wouldn't it be
good to not have to guess to not have to
guess what let's say Latinos want in
this country we don't have to guess
because they're part of the process
they'll tell us we don't have to guess
what
black Americans want because they're
part of the process right so it
absolutely helps the process to have
more diversity we should absolutely have
more diversity in Congress in every way
we should have more diversity of thought
more diversity of culture or of gender
we should have all more diversity so in
that sense if you are a diverse country
having diverse representation is
absolutely a positive all right no doubt
about it people who argue against
diversity are arguing from magical
thinking and like well what if everybody
was the same and what if what if people
stopped having minds like people and
then then everything would be great
right it's just magical thinking
now here's a little here's a just
changing the topic for a moment here's
something that I noticed about the folks
on the left the Democrats that make some
sort of science deniers and it goes like
this have you've been watching President
Obama ex President Obama dead do you
still call him president when their ex
I'm not sure the protocol there so would
are the ex-presidents just called
president or do we call them ex
president anyway somebody will tell me
but ex President Obama has been giving a
lot of speeches and the the parts that
the news keeps pulling out are about the
lies and the president the President
Obama ex-president former president says
we can't have a culture we can't stay
together with all this lying you can't
have a system where where the politician
is lying lying will destroy the country
and lying makes everything worse you
can't have anything work if everybody's
lying so that's what former President
Obama is saying do those statements pass
the scientific fact checking they do not
so Obama is being absolutely science
denying when he claims that our culture
can't go forward unless the leaders are
honest because all of the information
suggests the opposite we're in literally
the strongest situation we've ever been
in at the same time that the president
has violated the fact checkers more than
has ever happened before
if you are going to be scientific about
it you would say well it depends how you
do it if the way you're lying is random
in other words you just make stuff up
for no reason that would be a very bad
world to live in
wouldn't it but if everything that you
say is
directionally accurate or directionally
desirable you end up with a better
country than you would have had if
everybody just told the truth do you
know who told the truth yeah do you
remember the president who always told
the truth what was his name
oh that's right we've never had one
we've never had a president who told us
the truth all the time we've had
presidents that tell us the truth some
of the time what is the optimal
percentage of truth that is best for the
country because we've never had a
hundred percent have we had eighty
percent I don't know if we've ever had
eighty percent some people are saying
Carter which is you know sort of placed
at my point right if you're most honest
president was Jimmy Carter who was also
widely considered our worst president
great guy you know character wise he's
the best but as a president that honesty
maybe wasn't exactly the right approach
[Music]
so I would suggest that the Democrats
are being deeply unscientific in terms
of the social sciences when they say
that lying doesn't work because right in
front of your eyes you can see that if
your hyperbole is in the right direction
if it's done correctly you get a better
result let me give you a suggestion do
you think that dealing with North Korea
as honestly as we could would get you a
better result than scaring the pants off
them all right the answer is in the
question right you know that dealing
with other countries it's not honesty
that gets you the good result when we're
dealing with our tariff deals are we
dealing with them as honestly as we can
what do we got into those deals are we
saying to China you know we really don't
want you to ask for this because if you
do we'll just give it to you we're
not even ask we might pretend we're
gonna you know negotiate hard but we
don't even believe it
you can't negotiate on the basis of
complete honesty that's not even what
negotiation is you would have to have no
understanding of what negotiating is to
say that that would be a good idea take
the economy the example I use all the
time if your president said you know I'm
gonna be honest India we got some good
things happening but let all these bad
things happening we've got a lot of bad
stuff happening in the economy yeah
there's some good stuff but a lot of bad
stuff if that was the message from your
president it would be perfectly accurate
totally honest and would destroy the
economy because it would take all the
optimism out of it and the optimism is
what keeps us afloat
so again president former President
Obama is being anti-science
when he suggests that honesty is the is
the glue that keeps society together
when every example that we can think of
it's clearly the opposite all of the
evidence suggests the opposite
he's anti science so there you are
now I would also suggest yeah I don't
want to talk about climate change but
you could make the same argument there
that the the Democrats are the anti
science group well I'm going to go there
for a minute the Democrats would say
that Republicans are the anti science
group because they're not taking the
recommendation of climate scientists who
collectively by majority of a strong
majority say there's a big problem and
we have to act on it but here's the
thing only the Democrats are looking at
the question scientifically I'm sorry
only the Republicans are looking at
climate science scientifically the
Democrats are looking at it to half
scientifically the Democrats are saying
well the chemistry the physics they tell
you something and it's it's all bad that
part's good Republicans say the same
thing it's like yes the chemistry is the
chemistry of the physics is the physics
if there were no other factors that
would be important but then the
Republicans add the other factors which
are how many people are saved how many
lives are saved by good economies so the
trade off with the with climate science
is do you stall the economy to
aggressively deal with the climate or do
you let the economy do everything you
can while hoping that we find out more
build better technology etc which of
those two approaches saves the most
lives and get you to the best place well
the Democrats are only looking at half
of the equation which is the the sciency
part the Republicans are looking at all
that science plus they've added more
science and the more science in this
case is social science and economics but
you know a different different flavor
but if you don't include the fact that
a growing economy is good for life
expectancy is good for medical
healthcare is good for even being able
to recover from a disaster if you don't
include that in your in your
calculations you can't claim any kind of
rational thinking now we are still kind
of guessing that waiting or acting is
the best deal it's still more art than
science because we can't get around down
to the you know that we can't know the
what the variables are telling us but I
can tell you that it's only half
scientific thinking if all you've done
is look at the science if you haven't
considered the economics and how many
lives are changed and improved by good
economics you can't claim scientific
thinking that's the opposite looking at
some of the variables is not a science
in anybody's definition somebody said
check out Bjorn Lomborg arguments on
this topic well I just gave you
Lambert's argument on the topic so he he
is one of my influences and I don't
remember if he influenced me first or I
just noticed I agreed with his argument
it could have gone either way it's been
a while since the first time I I saw his
argument the multiple genders thing so
somebody's talking about the Democrats
and their multiple genders thing I'm
more sympathetic to that than most of
you i from a from a practical legal
social point of view it's it's
problematic to have you know it causes
lots of problems if you have too many
genders because there's extra paperwork
and special laws and what do you do with
bathrooms and it becomes confusing so
for on a practical level it's easier
just to say that or to so from society
is big picture it's just easier for
society but it's also terrible
it's terrible for some of the people who
are in the gray areas and my my empathy
is that society should not be crushing
people for the way they were born if we
can avoid it and so I have far more
empathy than I think most of you do for
anybody who's in any kind of a gray area
gender-wise
if you were in one if you were in that
situation I think you would want society
to understand it a little bit better and
help you deal with it because it's just
your situation people people are just
born into it all right and I think there
is very much something to you know men
being born in women's bodies etc my my
view let me tell you my view of
sexuality and it goes like this it's
always simplified to say you have this
genitalia so you're this thing because
if you were to look at a continuum of
let's say the most male behavior over
here and the most whatever you call
female behavior and again we're going to
talk because there's lots of overlap in
individuals but from the extremes of the
most male you could be to the most
female you could be I would argue that
there are plenty of plenty of humans
with female female genitalia who are
closer to the male end of the spectrum
in terms of how they feel act you know
they're there how they see themselves
how the world sees cetera and there are
plenty of people with male genitalia who
are farther to the female maybe in terms
of chemistry in terms to have their
brain is wired in terms how they say
themselves so for me gender is a
continuum from the most male like
whatever you want to call that to the
most female like but that men and women
are all over the map on this that
there's a huge overlap between men and
women in terms of whether they're more
male or female and but as a society we
have to do what works you know you don't
get to do what's perfect because perfect
isn't one of our options you get to do
the thing that you have to do the thing
that causes the least problem for the
smallest number of people and that might
be just keeping it to two genders I
don't know but I have great empathy for
anybody who's on the continuum and not
in not in the majority all right I think
that's a very uncomfortable place to be
I don't think people choose to be that
way
I think they're born into it and
therefore I have great empathy for their
situation and I think we should we
should put some effort into figuring out
what that means and how we deal with
that and how we can be kind and not be
jerks all right but it might be there's
nothing you can do because it's just too
hard to figure out all the permutations
what about a transgender eight-year-old
that gets more into who makes the
decision I think a lot of these
questions come down to whose decision is
it and when you're talking about
children
you've got the complication that the
child might actually be right because
who knows who knows more than the child
who they are right even the parent
doesn't know who the child is but
because an eight-year-old can easily
let's say be confused were may turn into
something else if you've ever seen an
eight-year-old boy dress up in his
sister's dress and you think to yourself
oh I think I think this boy is you know
maybe he's gay but by the time he's 10
he's just as hetero as you could
possibly be so an eight-year-old doesn't
even have anything like a a settled
gender preference yet you know that
they're leaning in one direction usually
heavily but
yeah I think that's a who makes the
decision question not a science question
I think my kid thought he was a car a
personal preference no I'm not saying
that an eight-year-old gets to guess to
have their way so on I'm saying that an
eight-year-old is going to have to
follow the decisions of a parent but the
parent might not be right we just have
to deal with the fact that it's the
parents decision either way all right
that's enough for now I will talk to you
a lot tomorrow I'll be on and off use
the interface by one hub app if you're
at a polling place that something
interesting is happening and I will call
you I'll call you while you're at the
polling place and remember to vote show
your flags talk to you tomorrow