pom pom pom pom pom pom pom pom pom pom
pom pom hey I just noticed that people
are coming online to watch me grab a
seat
gather round there's still room still
ruling the internet so what a fun day I
love it when the news is all funny I
think well in this country anyway
there's a tragedy in France but the news
of this country seems to be all the
funny kind kind I like and we can enjoy
it together with a little thing called
the simultaneous it's coming at you it's
coming at you fast and all you need is a
cup of market for glasses tiny cellist a
tanker a thermos of Alaska Cantina Grail
a goblet or vessel of any kind fill it
with your favorite liquid I'm partial to
coffee and join me now for the
unparalleled pleasure the dopamine here
the day the thing that makes everything
better
oh it's gonna be a good one this time
simultaneous hip go I hope you could all
enjoy the full simultaneity of that it
was sublime well of course I know you
want me to talk about Trump's - video
campaign video ads he just came out with
he meaning his team two of the strongest
best campaign ads you're ever gonna see
and look look what time it is I mean
we've got a lot of time between now and
the election
apparently they they're smelling blood
in the water
and they just unloaded the just unloaded
the magazine into Joe Biden so the if
you didn't see them they're just
classics and here's here's something
that we can now say with a certain
degree of
confidence is probably going to be a
theme for a future Trump ads and the
theme will be funny because funny works
funny works every time
and these lays two ads I'll talk about
in a moment were both funny without a
punchline
they're just hilarious just because of
what they express just the the ideas
themselves are actually laughs you'll
fall down hilariously funny so what the
most famous one that he did yesterday or
was released yesterday was showing Joe
Biden saying they never had a discussion
with hunter Biden his son about his
overseas business with Ukraine and then
then it cuts immediately from Biden
saying that to Nickelback the band and I
guess there's a video you know a music
video in which they hold up a photograph
and in place of whatever photograph was
there in the original song was the golf
photograph of Joe Biden his son and the
Ukrainian board member who was golfing
in their foursome and some other random
guy so it's hilarious because of the way
they juxtaposed it and the way they
throw in the Nickelback cuz when you see
Nickelback you laugh anyway you just
automatically Nickelback cuz Nickelback
is the only band well are they there
might be another one but I can't think
of another band where when you just say
the name of the band
you're star laughing Nickelback because
so many people have you know a feeling
about Nickelback
now of course I'm no music expert and
they've been hugely successful so I'm
not the one who says that art is
subjective I would just note that the
way the public receives this band is
sort of with a little bit of a priming
to laughs because they're used as a
punchline so often so it was sort of the
perfect video because when you see him
saying that and
you see the picture it's really
devastatingly hilarious because it's so
effective and because it's Nickelback so
it's sort of ridiculous at the same time
it's sort of perfect I mean you couldn't
you couldn't make a better ad than that
now if I'm being objective I don't
believe that the photograph disc brews
what Biden sent because he was kind of
specific about what he said said I
haven't discussed it with my son that's
not the same as saying I never met a guy
you work with
I've golfed a lot and I've never talked
business during golf well I haven't golf
that much but you know I've gulped and I
don't really talk business it just
doesn't happen
so well I don't think it's innocent when
somebody golf's with the vice president
a sitting vice president you know it's
sort of always business I think it might
be technically true that he didn't have
anything like a substantive conversation
about hunter Biden's overseas activity
but the campaign that is just as
effective either way because it looks
like if the answer to the question that
makes by to look like a liar so the
people people will receive it the way it
was intended they probably won't lawyer
it up like I just did the other one was
just as good because it showed a whole
bunch of older clips of trumps
impeachment nemec's all saying that
impeachment is taking away the will of
the voters of course they were talking
about Clinton I think so is everything
from Maxine Waters to Nancy Pelosi to
what's-his-name the penguin a care of
members named Nadler it shows all of
them saying in the clearest passionate
language the impeachment to simply
change the result of an election is
wrong it's devastating
I mean it was really effective so I
would say that the Trump
whoever's doing their digital stuff man
I got some good people there so I don't
know who's in charge of that is that
Brad parse Cal whoever it is they're
killing it
sorry that was a lot of fun and
predictably it looks like Nickelback
probably complained it looks like there
was some kind of a takedown notice for
it but of course as soon as was taken
down somebody else reposts it so it's
hard for Twitter to stay ahead of it and
I'm sure I'll say this with complete
certainty the the team that made this
knew that it would be taken down
they knew that right they knew that if
they put something up with some some
famous rock bands song on it a political
contact she knew it was going to be
there was going to be a complaint you
knew it was gonna be taken down but
isn't that part of the fun you know
that's part of the fun because the
taking it down is not is not a bug
that's a feature what is the only way to
get this two bumps of publicity one is
when it goes out and it's funny too when
it gets taken down that's your second
bumper pull it Bob listening and then
people want to see it even more and
they're gonna go looking for it hey
where can I see that forbidden video
it's sort of perfect I don't know if
there's any kind of an Emmy that you can
get for making these campaign videos
that's like two Emmy worthy videos on
one day and it's like months ahead of
the election I mean how much how much
better can they get between now on that
it's pretty pretty impressive let's talk
about something else
our I guess our border patrol discovered
1 million pounds of infected Chinese
pork headed our way and they lied about
I guess whoever was shipping it lied
about the contents now you might not
know that pig Ebola which is the thing
that may have killed 220 million pigs
half the population of pigs in China
that's how big a deal is half and they
just sent us knowingly knowingly in
other words they falsified what the
contents they knowingly sent us 1
million pounds of infected Chinese pork
now somebody said well I don't think
that pork can get into our pigs unless
you know there's some weird situation
where our our pigs were eating the other
pigs so I don't know if that's true
is that like mad cow where a cow has to
eat the other carro to get mad cow I
don't know I don't know how that works
but here's what I do know if another
country sends you 1 million pounds of
infected pork and they lie about the
contents that country is not your friend
that's not a country you could do a deal
with you can't do a deal with that
country not even a little bit so yet
more evidence that now yeah and the
other thing if you get Chinese pork do
you ever wonder how much of that is
actually prisoners like I'm just going
to take their word for that most of it
comes from pigs but does any of that
meat come from dissidents would you know
the difference just gonna put that out
there oh my oh my what a day there's a
bill in Congress I may have mentioned
this before but it's worth mentioning
again it's bipartisan now why this is
important is that with this impeachment
stuff going on it seems as though
nothing can get done even if both sides
agree so let's watch this one there's a
bipartisan bill to add more transparency
to the pharmaceutical pricing apparently
there's this middleman situation I think
dr. Shiva explained this once
one of my my calls but if I tweeted it
so you can see the details but there's a
middleman that controls the pricing and
that's all a that's all opaque to
us we can't see what's going on we can't
see how much the middleman entity is
charging the pharmacies and therefore we
don't know why the prices are so high in
the United States versus other places
there's there's just something missing
so the bill the proposed bill that's
bipartisan would have would make them
show you the prices so that you'd know
how much overpriced they were and that
would of course for some to lower prices
because it'd be embarrassing I guess so
think about the fact that there's a
bipartisan bill that is just dead simple
hey you guys who aren't showing us the
prices and your costs you have to do
that now show us the prices in the costs
dead simple Republicans agree Democrats
agree who do you think's holding it up
right it's not the president the
president isn't holding it up it's the
government was wasting their time
they're literally wasting you money
every time you go to the pharmacy you
can thank Nancy Pelosi that you paid 20%
more than you needed to because
apparently the solution is here they
just have to pass that bill both sides
like it just have to do the damn job
that's all just do your job
safe and save you 20% of the pharmacy or
something all right
North Korea is says they're optimistic
about their upcoming working-level talks
about denuclearization now here's
something I don't know about this
process if you have a working-level
meeting about denuclearization does that
indicate that the bosses have already
decided in principle or is it reverse is
it the working-level meeting that will
try to produce something that the bosses
meeting Trump and Kim jong-un can see so
they can say yes or no which one of
those do you think it is do you think
the bosses said that has said yes and
abroad abroad way and now they're
working out the details or is it
opposite the bosses haven't said
anything because they're waiting for
some details to percolate up it could go
either way right could go either way
here's some speculation I'm not sure
I'll make this a prediction but here's a
speculation the key sticking point seems
to be from the start
North Korea getting the security
guarantees now that that's the language
they use in whatever translated form
they talk about North Korea getting some
kind of security guarantee from the you
know surrounding countries as well as
meaning China South Korea and the United
States being the important ones in the
region so they could get some andrush I
suppose they've got a little bit of a
border with North Korea so here's the
thing do you think that president Trump
would ever offer that he could under the
right conditions meaning that the
nuclear program was you know more
transparent do you think the president
could ever give security guarantees in
other words saying not only do we
formally end the war with the Korean War
but we'll guarantee that will - will
will help you with any of these other
countries want to attack we've all
agreed there will not do that or some
version of that right do you think
President Trump could ever offer
security guarantees under the condition
that we get what we need and that this
verifiable and it's like a real deal not
a not a PS deal I think he could I think
he could I do believe that this
president could say to Kim jong-un and
here's the key their personal
relationship was a necessary building
block of being able to say I think we
can give you security guarantees and
have Kim jong-un believe it do you know
what
do you know what Qaddafi did not have
the advantage of a personal relationship
with the President of the United States
think about how who Qaddafi was to us he
was just sort of this you know nameless
villain not nameless but use this
villain we don't know personally and
then think of what Kim jong-un is to
president Trump they have actually a
legitimate personal connection do you
think that President Trump would be okay
with killing Kim jong-un as long as
things were moving in the right
direction at whatever pace I mean it
could be slowly but at whatever pace
we're at least moving in the right
direction do you think President Trump
could ever approve of a situation where
Kim jong-un is taken out no because it's
not an hour it's not in our interest
it wouldn't be consistent with their
personal relationship again just
assuming everything's moving in the
right direction and it looks like it is
so Kim jong-un Trump seemed to have
solved for Qaddafi number one you get
rid of Bolton because Bolton is the the
guy who brought up the the Libyan model
in the first place right so you got to
get rid of Bolton step one complete and
then the other steps with ad in a
personal relationship and they need they
both need to show that something
positive is happening so they can show
their their their team that it's a
productive relationship it's not an
adversarial but has been transformed
into some kind of mutually productive
forward-looking arrangement I believe
President Trump and Kim jong-un have
pulled that off
and it could be that this working-level
meeting is actually a details meeting it
could be that the big guys have said in
principle we're not promising this yet
but in principle if you could come up
with some way we could really keep an
eye on this nuclear program and feel
safe about that there's a deal to be had
I feel like maybe the big guys have
agreed but we'll see
could it be the other way too all right
so we still don't know who the
whistleblower is in this Ukrainian
situation now I don't want to start a
new rumor about who the whistleblower
might be but I'm just gonna point out a
fact again you can connect these facts
any way you want I'm just gonna point
out the fact Justin Trudeau has a lot of
disguises that's all I'm saying we don't
know who the whistleblower is but Justin
Trudeau has a lot of disguises that's
all I'm saying
connect the dots any way you want all
right one of the things I love about the
Trump administration is that it seems to
be a two-way communication street
there's a two-way communication that's
always open between the presidency and
the citizens in a way we've never seen
before I was watching for example I was
watching the miniseries about Roger
Ailes
and in that and who knows how accurate
this is but in that you saw that the who
was it one of the guys working for the
President Bush called Roger Ailes and
asked him for his help
essentially managing the news to be
consistent with what the White House
wanted and I thought I'll bet I'll bet
before the Trump administration the best
way you could describe the relationship
between the government and the people is
that the government would make decisions
with their experts and with their
advisers and with their lobbyists and
everything else so the government would
make decisions and then they would try
to sell it to the people I feel like
that that was a model up until Trump
Trump has a superior model of dealing
with the public now it may be someday in
the future when historians look at it
and go hey we didn't know it at the time
but that
superior model let me give you an
example the president is often mocked
for having his TV on during the day
quite a bit watching Fox News but also
we know he watches CNN at least he's
probably watched a little MSNBC so we
know the president is sampling the news
from the both sides whereas we imagine
that the Bill Clinton or President Obama
were reading The Wall Street Journal in
The New York Times and Tony upscale
magazines and things that would be a
higher intellectual plane than mere
television which of those two models
gives you a better idea where the
country is at which of those two models
rapidly a be tests messages so you can
see what's working in real time see how
people react to it
TV is the pulse of the country this
president is doing the smart thing he's
watching the pulse he can see in real
time somebody tries a message whether
it's on you know fox or CNN and he can
tell how it comes across you can tell
how he feels about it you can ask the
people in the room - usually people in
the room a few president you can ask
them what they think about it have that
go over did that work maybe I'll try
that so the president has created this
this interactive real-time relationship
with the press but it's better than that
because the press often reacts to social
media and vice versa right there's a
symbiote
symbiotic relationship social media and
news government and the president the
president this president has made those
three things almost one unit of a
machine whereas it used to be sort of a
top-down Hey we're gonna try to make you
guys do what we want do you not see
examples where there are individuals on
social media who come up with a good
message a good approach a good meme for
example carpe Noctem
creates you know great memes and next
thing you know the president's tweeting
it so what we're seeing is something
we've never seen before which is that
and in
individual voter just a citizen can have
a good idea put it on social media or it
could be just a good message or a good
way of expressing something puts it on
social media guess a bunch of likes gets
a bunch of retweets it bubbles up
somebody with a blue check notices it
they retweet it
maybe another blue check and then
suddenly the Office of the President
notices that there's a good message
that's getting a lot of traction and
then he uses it it's it's amazing
the entire system of government has been
completely rewritten by this president
and it's one of those things you're
gonna see in hindsight much clearer
because when you're in it that you don't
really have the same vision to be able
to see it well while you're in it but
I've never seen a more interactive
approach let me give you an example
here's a concrete example I mentioned
the other day that there's something
called the office of nuclear energy
which you can follow a tactic of nuclear
so the our government has a department
that's promoting nuclear energy and has
lots of information about the newest
stuff and the newest test facilities and
what's coming online now etc so
apparently it's a newish Twitter account
and I called attention to it because my
attention was was drawn to it through
March nighter are our resident nuclear
advocate expert and so he called my
attention to it
and then I tweeted it their number of
followers was just a couple thousand I
forget the exact number but two or three
thousand something like that followers
in total that was the total attention
they were getting today they have five
thousand so two thousand people who were
citizens who were interested in nuclear
and and can be sort of weaponized as
advocates because they they're people
who had enough interest to follow this
account and and I mention again which
will again boost
there it boosts their attention so you
can see a concrete example where I
tweeted them and their exposure roughly
doubled I mean it was a small number but
it doubled so you can see the effect
that the public is boosting parts of the
government that are productive and then
that government does something for the
people so it's it's this continual
two-way virtuous cycle that I just don't
know existed before it feels like it's
really taken on a life of its own
here's another example so earlier I was
just talking about how there's a
bipartisan bill to lower pharmaceutical
costs well don't you think that knowing
that because I just told a bunch of you
don't you think that knowing that
increases the chance that maybe it could
happen right so there are lots of things
that we the citizens on social media
especially the blue check people who
have a lot of followers we can boost the
signal of anything worth worth boosting
you know we can do it with a campaign ad
I can do it with the the app to gov
nuclear site I can do it with a bill I
can do it with China I can do it with
fentanyl so you can see that individuals
are now sort of testing messages we know
that the White House is watching they
are watching at least the blue checks
and you see you see the president's
actually retweeted people were not even
you know highly visible just people who
had a good idea that is just hugely
inspirational to me because it feels
like I don't want to take this you know
too far into into optimism because you
won't you won't be able to follow me
there but it feels like almost a rebirth
of the Republic too but too much is that
too much it feels like a rebirth a
reboot of the Republic because it seems
to me that our founders built a pretty
pretty darn good system you know given
with what they
to work with etc but is sort of evolved
into things happening behind closed
doors and you know the the lobbyists and
the power brokers are the only the only
people who have any power after a while
doesn't it feel like that it feels now
that under the age of Trump and who
notice if this will last or not it feels
like the public is completely empowered
now completely who saw that coming not
me I didn't see that coming
it seems to me that an average citizen
can today have as much power as an
average citizen could have in the
beginning of the Republic when things
were so small that you probably knew
where he you know you knew the other
people in government you know you would
know your governor you might know him
personally because the world was so
small there just weren't many people
there during the the formation of the
Republic but it feels like Trump gave
well Trump and Jack Dorsey and you know
Zuckerberg in a sense the the social
media platforms in conjunction with this
weird unusual president has created a
situation that has empowered individuals
in a way I've never seen it well let me
give you an example if an individual
came up with a terrific idea for gun
control let's say would that individual
be able to get that terrific idea to
bubble up all the way to the White House
absolutely I you I never would have said
that and the other time would you just
just fact-check me on this based on your
observation you know this is more
opinion than fact
but based on what you've watched about
the process based on the number of times
you've seen an individual tweet bubble
all the way up to the White House what a
great idea from just a person make it
all the way the White House
absolutely absolutely that doesn't mean
they'll use it because you know they get
a lot of ideas and they know more than
we do about you know the variables that
are involved but absolutely
a good idea from an individual we'll go
right into the president's hands that's
amazing that's amazing and and it can
happen in 24 hours it's like it's a
whole new world so I could not be more
optimistic about the Republic because I
think the Republic went stale and
instead of having to get refreshed with
the blood of patriots because you know
that the the founders the founders
assumed that every now and then you got
a what's the saying you got a you got a
refresh the tree of freedom with the
blood of patriots or something as luck
would have it we've taken that warfare
to the internet so there's blood of
patriots but it's in the form of people
getting ratio denied and losing their
jobs because of social media so that
stuff's still pretty bloody you know in
a figurative sense but it looks like
Patriots are weighing and and they're
putting tons of energy people are
putting their necks on the line I am
you've watched me put my neck on the
line repeatedly I take risks that you
shouldn't take because I can afford it
right made enough money that if I lost
my job tomorrow I'd be fine so you get
to watch me take some risks that I'm
happy to take on your behalf because I
can afford it and you can't so I'm happy
to do that as a patriot and your support
to me makes that meaningful right the
fact that you support me in this
collectively is what makes it doable
so your individual sort of you know I
would say love and support that you give
to me that neither of those words are
are too much I think allows me to to
boost my voice and boost other people
like the ones I mentioned so it's it's a
good system as long as we have this
president I hope
president is as flexible because I'd
hate to lose this it's pretty important
all right the Washington Post has a
hilarious article which i retweeted in
which they're mocking the followers of
President Trump for assuming that
everything he does everything I say
everything he does is genius as opposed
to accidental flailing now they gave two
examples of this I apparently there are
some people who think the president
cleverly wants to be impeached because
it'll be good for his reelection now I'm
not in that camp I'm pretty sure if the
president had had a choice of being
impeached or not being impeached he
would choose not impeached I'm pretty
sure that so if there's anybody out
there who thinks it's the president and
cleverly goading them into impeachment
as in Azzam actually literally
impeaching him I don't think that's his
plan what I would say and and if you
think that was his plan I think you're
you're overthinking what I would say is
that he's good at improvising in other
words he's good at turning a bad
situation into a good one you want to
see an example what did everybody say
about it Trump's a phone call to Ukraine
they said hey you shouldn't have done
that because you've offered an implied
quid pro quo so how often did you hear
quid pro quo about President Trump hey
that phone call was a quid pro quo and
now let me ask you this what's the new
nickname for Joe Biden
quid pro Joe
this is actually a new nickname quid pro
Joe
so this president certainly did not have
some long term plan where he would get
accused of making a bad phone call and
cleverly turned the complaint into a
nickname for his biggest competitor but
he did it that's what happened so I
don't think there's any chance he saw it
coming you know set a trap
you know intentionally said things to
get people calling using the phrase quid
pro quo so he could turn it into a quid
pro Joe but it happened so he took a
situation and he capitalized on as we've
seen them do over and over and over
again grifter Joe oh I love you
whoever just said grifter Joe my god I
love that if ever if ever the word
grifter could be used in a more perfect
context grifter Joe now let's talk about
oh and then the other example they said
is people are saying that he does
misspellings intentionally and I have to
confess I'm probably the one I probably
have to take responsibility for the fact
that people think that he misspells
intentionally I've personally I don't
know if I've ever said he's misspelled
intentionally maybe there was one time
yeah there might be one time I suspected
it but in general I would say the
misspellings or nothing but misspellings
they're typos misspellings autocorrect
whatever here's what I think is the case
he doesn't care he doesn't care and you
know what that makes me care about
well not his typos but the fact that he
doesn't care and you know he doesn't
care because he doesn't take the tweet
back and correct it it would be easy
just to take the tweet back correct
reissue it it'd be easy he doesn't do it
I frickin love that it went from oh you
know it's kind of a it's not an optimal
look I mean in the early days you see a
typo or something
a grammar error and say huh you know
maybe maybe it would have been better if
somebody looked at that before he sent
that out but we've gotten to the point
where it just seems genuine am i right
when you see his typos what do you know
for sure he sent it with his own fingers
like he actually he probably almost
certainly typed it with his own thumbs
you're seeing the actual President of
the United States the most important
person in the world I think you could
argue and you're seeing a message that
you know damn well came from him and his
two little thumbs and is what came right
out of his brain I kind of love that I'm
I don't think I could like that any more
than I do
so typos I'm all for them because
they're little markers for authenticity
that originally struck me as it'd be
better without these but now that it's
sort of just worked into a was somewhat
of an expectation that he'll have a
misspelled word or something now and
then I just look at them as authentic
now it just looks like yeah I know where
this came from
it didn't didn't go through a committee
that's for damn sure this came from the
guy that you voted for it didn't come
from his advisers didn't come from
handlers came from the person you voted
for I can't not love that really I can't
and the other thing it does is that
humanizes them in a way you can relate
how many of you have sent out a tweet
with a misspelling I did it twice
yesterday I think one for sure but if
I'm not mistaken I may have said how to
misspelled tweets yesterday I may have
be complete conflating with some in my
mind but at least one so when I see the
president
to it I think it's authentic and I kind
of bind I bond with him a little bit
because I go I did that - I did same
damn thing yesterday literally yesterday
but I love the fact that the Washington
Post wrote a story in which are trying
to debunk the notion that the president
is playing chess while others are
playing checkers if you don't know I'm
probably the author of that idea that
he's playing 3d chess that was me back
in 2015 saying that and people mocking
me until he became president and now
they're still mocking me indirectly
but I think it's funny that they feel
they need to complain about that because
it feels like they're sensing there's
too much truth in it maybe am I reading
too much in there am i doing a little
too much mind-reading that they wouldn't
do an article about it if it wasn't
getting to them in other words there's
something about this situation that
matters to them they need to know they
need you to know he's not playing chess
but if he's not playing chess could you
explain that - quid pro Joe because he
probably thinks they are Oh quid pro Joe
that's the best and by the way I think
quid pro Joe is another example that
bubbled up from just a Twitter user I
don't know who it was but I think some
Twitter user or somebody said it first
and it was good so a bubble up that's
your new republic right there it's
amazing Chris ELISA has the funniest
article that wasn't trying to be funny
today
Cristal is a-- as you know CNN I guess
pundits slash analysts may be political
guy so he's one of the top anti Trump
errs I'm using anti Trumper to the core
and he's I don't know if I'll ever stop
laughing about this this is so funny so
here's the article he was talking I
tweeted this if you want to see it you
just talk about there's a new
Monmouth University poll in which
they're asking people about the Ukraine
transcript
yeah the president's phone call with the
president of Ukraine and has said that
according to the modern southern
Monmouth University poll just four and
ten Republicans believe that the
transcript even mentions Biden's name
sixty percent of Republicans don't think
Biden's names even in the transcript now
of course it is it's there twice as
there clearly and unambiguously
and it comes from the president's office
himself so there's no there's no
question on the facts the facts are as
objective as any fact could be every
single person who participated in the
call in any way notice that Biden's name
was mentioned and still six out of ten
Republicans say that Trump never
mentioned Biden whose call was less key
now it could be that the poll was worded
in a way that people didn't know that's
what they were answering exactly because
there could have been something like
without seeing the question it could
have been do you think there was some
quid pro quo with Biden or something so
it's possible that I'm not seeing the
full context of this but it is still
hilarious and I'll tell you why that
crystal is a-- is complaining they're
six and ten people can't look in a
transcript and see what's right before
their eyes you know i that's funny
because crystal is is one of the biggest
pushers of the fine people hoax what
would it take to debunk the fine people
hoax the idea that the you know the
conspiracy theory rumor that's not true
the president Trump called the neo-nazis
in Charlottesville find people what
would it take to debunk that just read
the transcript that's it
just read it right there they he said
the opposite if you read half the
transcript you could be confused and
that's what most people see but if you
read the full transcript there's no
ambiguity whatsoever he clearly said I'm
not talking about those people he said
it directly I'm not talking about that
and nobody even asked him to explain it
he explained
just to be clear I'm now talking about
them all you have to do is read the
transcript so one of the biggest pushers
of the fake transcript in other words
the idea that he did call then neo-nazis
find people is CNN and Chris ELISA and
so the tide is turned karma has come to
visit and karma comes to visit and says
well I don't even think Trump mentioned
Biden fo girl all right so here's it
gets even better this and this is
crystallises comment to his own
observation that six out of ten
Republicans don't even see the name
Biden in the transcript he goes with
periods are period you period kidding
period me period and then this Elizabeth
goes on to say this listen to this he
says this poll finding doesn't seem so
unbelievable the primary work of Trump's
candidacy and his presidency has been to
erode the idea that a that objective
truth exists so chrysalis of CNN says
the president Trump has been working to
erode the erode the idea that objective
truth exists that's exactly what he's
doing
he's a roading the idea that objective
truth exists is that bad well would
depend wouldn't it would depend if
objective truth exists if it doesn't
exist well then it would be good that
he's the president Trump is teaching us
that objective truth doesn't exist if it
does exist well then that would prep
maybe be bad because that would be
untrue right but in a real sense and
this is something I told you back in
2015 I predicted the Trump would change
more than politics I said it directly
publicly and multiple time
I said that what he would change is your
understanding of reality and you see it
happening so Liz's understanding of
reality is changing because he's lit
he's saying how can it be that people
could look at the transcripts and just
not see the name Biden it's right there
well how could you Christel is a-- think
that the president called neo-nazis fine
people when the transcript says clearly
I'm not talking about them I said the
opposite
Chris ELISA has been introduced to
subjective reality while working at a
news news organization that's got to be
that's got to be a mindfuck that's got
to be that's got to be hard to process I
work for an organization that puts out
the objective truth which doesn't exist
how do you process that i I don't work
for a news organization so I can I can
live comfortably in a world where
objective truth isn't really a thing
well how do you work for a news
organization and believe objective truth
doesn't exist what would that do to your
mental health that's kind of be hard to
process seriously now let me clarify I
know there are a lot of science pedantic
people out there who are gonna say Scott
Scott Scott there is a base reality just
because some people are fooled and can't
see it that doesn't make the objective
reality go away it's still there well
I'll give you two answers to that
doesn't matter because we don't use any
objective reality to make our decisions
so when I say it doesn't matter I'm
talking about the realm of political
decision-making objective reality
doesn't seem to be much of a factor in
anything you can see it on every topic
people are all over the place on what
they're seeing and they're looking at
the same stuff there is no evidence of
objective reality in terms of how we
make decisions and how we process things
but is there you ask still outside the
realm of our ability to perceive it
accurate
all the time is there an actual
objective reality maybe and maybe that R
objective reality can affect your life
if you walk in front of the truck
whether or not you see the truck
probably doesn't affect the fact that it
will kill you
so yes there's an objective reality in
terms of there there might be a truck if
you walk into it and it's gonna kill you
even if you don't see it so that so in
that sense yes but if you're trying to
decide who what do I think about this
Ukraine situation what did I think about
Russia collusion what do I think about
health care for everybody any any of
these big political topics you're not
using objective truth nobody else we're
all just using our subjectivity and
arguing that it's based on the
objectivity but suppose were a
simulation suppose our reality is a
simulation under the simulation
worldview is there an objective reality
well yes there is but the objective
reality is our programmers reality not
ours our reality would be completely
subjective it would act as though it's
subjective in many cases again if you
walk in front of the truck it could be a
simulated truck but your simulated self
is going to get killed by the simulated
truck so yeah in some sense there's an
objective reality but in terms of our
filters on the world we can't really see
it in any reliable way so that was the
understanding reality that I said would
change we see this happening in stark in
real time in a very stark way where you
see that people can literally look at
the same document a document no longer
than this they can look at it and some
of them won't even see names that are on
it they won't even be able to see
sentences they actually their ability to
see objective reality is so weak that
they're inventing it on the fly all
right this is something else that SaLuSa
claims he says so this is a CNN claim
okay
there are zero evidence that the
whistleblower in the Ukraine story
is a partisan do you agree with that
because I think your news sources most
of you is telling you that that's just
the fact that we know that the
whistleblower is a partisan have you
seen evidence of that what's the
evidence of that do you believe that
it's a fact that the whistleblower is a
partisan I believe is possible I also
believe that I have never seen evidence
of it have you have you ever seen
evidence that the whistleblower was a
partisan I've heard people say there is
evidence but I haven't seen it does that
blow your mind
because I'll bet you've watched news
reports to say oh yeah it's he's a
partisan well he might be if I had to
put my own money on it I'd bet it on it
right if he had to bet you'd bet he was
a partisan but where's the evidence the
IC IG report stated he was a partisan
but where's the evidence now so I'm not
going to say that the CNN report is true
but when somebody says where's the
evidence and I say to myself a lot I
don't know I haven't seen it either I've
only heard it reported that he is now I
would say if the IC IG report says he's
a partisan it's very likely he is but I
would still want to see the evidence
wouldn't you I'd want to see the
evidence so I wouldn't say there's zero
evidence I would say you know I I could
use a little more support on that point
[Music]
yeah let's say the other thing that oh
the other thing that solicit says
there's no evidence for he says
specifically independent fact checkers
don't give credence to the idea that Joe
Biden called for the firing of Ukraine's
top prosecutor to avoid an investigation
into a son so CNN is reporting that
there's no evidence that the reason Joe
Biden called for that
firing of the Ukraine prosecutor is to
avoid an investigation into a son
have you seen evidence to the contrary I
haven't I haven't where is the evidence
that that's why he did it
I'm not saying he didn't do it for that
reason
I'm just saying okay I haven't seen the
evidence either is it evidence that he
went golfing with a board member and
that really it's not really evidence of
anything there's an evidence that I
don't
III would agree with this fact that I
would agree with the statement that the
fact checkers are not buying into Joe
Biden doing it you know to get the
investigator off his son but I don't
think that matters to the story too much
somebody says the video the video is not
evidence the visit the video is not
evidence that he did it because of his
son
the video is evidence they did it well
we don't have his evidence of why all
right but I don't think any of that
matters because the hunter Biden was
taking a lot of money from a Ukrainian
entity well as well as dad was vice
president doesn't really matter what Joe
Biden did okay it kind of doesn't matter
what Joe Biden did or did not do with
the prosecutor it's sort of irrelevant
because you have all the badness you
would ever need just the fact this son
was taking all this money from the
Ukrainian entity while the vice
president's portfolio including Ukraine
and then there was also the issue of
hunter Biden went with his dad to some
China event and met with a banker and
gossip got a deal with some bankers in
China wall on a trip with his father was
a sitting vice president come on the so
what the president said if you saw this
part which was really good by the way
did you see the president look in the
camera I think it was yesterday and he
said as strongly as you've ever heard
him say anything he looked directly in
the camera and he said Joe Biden is a
stone-cold crook
there's stone-cold crooked
you know it and I know it did you see
him say that that was really good in
terms of persuasion because it looked
different from other things that people
say about politics when somebody says
blah blahs a racist your brain
automatically says maybe yes maybe no
just sounds like something that people
say in politics if somebody says
somebody's crooked like Hillary maybe -
maybe false sounds like something you
say in politics
somebody says somebody's incompetent
somebody's crazy somebody's impulsive
somebody's dumb all of those things you
automatically put your your political
filter on don't you you just say yeah
maybe maybe that's something said by a
political opponent so you filter it but
when President Trump looked at the
camera and said Joe Biden is stone-cold
crooked you know it and I know it that
didn't sound like politics did it that
felt like he has broken the fourth wall
or something you know that's not quite
it but that looked like that looked like
reality peeking through the politics it
looked like he believed that to be
stone-cold true and and he was selling
it pretty well now again I'm not saying
it's true
but I'm saying that the way he said it
was I don't know that that's a 10 out of
10 for sound incredible even if it isn't
true it really sounded like he believed
it and he knows you believe it and
here's what I believe every one of us
sees Hunter Biden taking that money
every one of us thinks it's crooked even
the Democrats right even the media
there's nobody in the media was
defending hunter Biden is her
so when Trump looked at the camera and
said he's stone-cold crooked
that's an amazing turn of words I mean I
don't know if that was spontaneous or he
thought about it a little bit but those
are
those are daggered words that's like
stab stab stab
stone cold crooked and your debt and
then we said you know it and I know it
that's like the next level of persuasion
because one of the the main strongest
parts of persuasion is when you say was
somebody else's thinking as they're
thinking it if you can ever do that it
really gives you like a super power for
a persuasion so he said if he had said I
believe it and the public believes that
that's politics that's weak but when you
look at the Cameron you say you know it
and I know it
that's persuasion all right when you
when you tell somebody what they know
that's a gold-plated a plus persuasion
if it's true or you have to actually has
something they actually know to be true
or it doesn't work anyway so I got some
I have some questions about you know
what is the the truth of all the Joe
Biden stuff but we don't have to wonder
about the hundred Biden stuff that that
part looks crooked on just on the
surface you don't have to dig into any
details to know that that's there's
something wrong going on there all right
as I've said before it looks to me oh
and then you're something that somebody
on Twitter asked when I tweeted that
around somebody said is there evidence
Ukraine didn't know the funds were
delayed that's interesting right because
how can it be a quid pro quo phone call
the president's phone call with Ukraine
if as it's being reported the Ukrainians
didn't know that their funding was being
held up they weren't even aware of it so
if you're not even aware of the threat
part even existing how could you
possibly receive the phone call is quid
pro quo and I thought good point so I'm
not sure any of the facts really matter
because we'll make our decisions without
them less
that's what's going on all right
Biden has a history blah blah blah Biden
son is not crooked but not good optics
either well it depends on your
definition of crooked
if crooked means illegal then I would
agree the hunter Biden has not done
anything that I've heard of that's
illegal
besides yeah besides of his personal
life perhaps that's another story but
but wouldn't you call it crooked I mean
I would call it crooked on premise is is
this a legal term I heard something
lawyer say it was it I forget who said
it but prime of prima facie prime of a
promise from a facial or something the
oddest surface is obviously crooked you
don't really need to dig any deeper you
just look at and say okay well that's
crooked seems that way to me but legal
probably perfectly legal but still
crooked there's it was an article in a
reason reason calm talking about nor cam
I think it's called
there's a drug that you can take if you
if somebody has a fentanyl overdose and
apparently it works really well so if
some of the overdoses on fentanyl or in
there during the process of overdosing
and they're gonna die if you give them
this Norcom drug apparently it revives
them and works really well and there are
lots of success stories that people have
done that and I guess it's not available
over except by asking the the pharmacist
so you have to ask for it at the counter
now imagine just here's the situation
there are drug addicts or likely to have
a problem with fentanyl remember they're
drug addicts and in order to get the
thing that could save their life they
have to talk to
the pharmacist and their town probably
do you want to do that if you're a drug
addict do you want to talk to the
pharmacist about your drug addiction
maybe not maybe not so the idea is that
maybe this narcan could be available
from vending machines and some method
that would allow you to avoid human
contact to get it because if you're a
drug addict you want might want to keep
that to yourself
right and I thought to myself that is so
common sensical and apparently there's
some law that prevents that from
happening
yeah cops have it for example they carry
it with them I think in many cases but
not every case but many cases they have
it with them it seems to me that's
another simple tweak like why in the
world if you can simply ask for it and a
pharmacist can give it to you you know
it's that safe it's not a regulated
thing apparently why not get it from a
vending machine
you know why not get it from Amazon of
course in that case your name would be
on the record you might not want that
but a vending machine is perfectly
anonymous right assuming you can use
cash in it I guess
all right so there are plenty of good
ideas out there to fixing the world
remember I told you that the Golden Age
which we are entering will be defined by
simply having to design better systems
what's a better system for
pharmaceuticals transparency and we've
got a bipartisan bill to give us that
that would be a better system what's the
better system for the Republic the
president gets ideas as they bubble up
from the public a that's happening now
our our system has evolved on its own
nobody did it intentionally but we
evolved to a fairly good system where
the public and their president are quite
quite connected and they communicate
every day so there are a lot of good
systems and I would say nuclear energy
is another one of those I just I tweeted
round I think I tweeted it maybe I just
liked it an article by Steven Pinker
talking about what needs to be done to
store nuclear
waste in at a Safeway now that skipping
the details the bottom line is we know
how to do it we know how to store
nuclear waste and we're developing even
better ways and we could use it for fuel
if we develop the right kind of reactors
etc so that again is a design problem we
simply have to design all right I'm
gonna have to get this so I'm gonna talk
to you later but think about design bye
for now
[Music]