bum bum bum buh buh buh buh buh-buh-buh
hey everybody come on in it's time for
coffee with Scott Adams here's a little
thing I do with my pen because I can do
do-do-do - yes I used to practice doing
this throwing my pen in the air and then
catching it in a way I could still write
watch this ah oppressive if you're
listening to this on audio it's really
boring well hello everybody it's another
amazing evening in one of the coolest
weeks ever yes we feel bad about those
who are suffering with coronavirus their
families and the victims but we don't
necessarily have to dwell on it
do we not every hour we can pay our
respects and then we can live our lives
how about that
who's with me let's find a way to enjoy
at least part of this weird experience
we're having so did y'all catch the
president's a press conference today
Dana Perino beat me to it on Twitter
while it was going on and she said that
the president's answer about Biden was
really good and I had to say it was
really good we'll talk about that but in
general I thought maybe one of his best
press conferences and let me tell you
what he's getting right and man is he
good at it and you might not have
noticed well you probably noticed but
maybe maybe I'll add something to it
which is this when the president has a a
message whether it's build the wall or
or whatever he is the most disciplined
repeater of messengers of messages he
will just hammer that simple message to
death so he's really good at hammering a
message home and one of the things that
he's been hammering and maybe you
haven't noticed it because he does it so
well
is that no matter what the question is
what's the first thing he always answers
with you probably know the answer at
home no matter what the question is cuz
it's all at least roughly about the
coronavirus or politics he answers with
first respecting the victims have you
noticed that he's been really really
disciplined about that and I thought by
now he would have departed a little bit
and you know of course he gets heat
whenever he talks about himself or gets
off of the off a message but he was
really good at every question saying
well you know one death is too many
people have died and then he starts
stance to the question but did you catch
how he answered the question about the
accusations about Biden I think it's the
first time the president has at least
maybe at a press conference answer this
question and how does he answer it with
one of the best answers you'll ever see
a president give on any question let me
tell you what he did right the president
going completely against type when he's
asked about it he starts saying that it
could be a false accusation and their
false accusations are real and that he's
been the victim of false accusations but
he doesn't know what happened
and certainly she should have her moment
to talk and he should he should you know
he should answer to it now by going
first and saying it could be a false
accusation didn't you just fall under
the chair yeah somebody's prompting me
in the comments thank you and bye he's
seamlessly won from it could be a false
accusation it's happened to me and if
he'd stayed with that that would have
been a mistake and when I was watching I
thought oh oh don't stay with that no
don't bring the focus to things you've
been blamed on blamed for that's the
worst place to take this but he goes
through himself says he recognizes the
problem admits that false accusations
are a real thing he doesn't doesn't
limit it to me to stuff
just saying false accusations but that
he seamlessly goes into cap the energy
goes over to Cavanaugh which we at least
his supporters all agree was completely
illegitimate so now he's he's he's
basically giving Biden all the out an
opponent could ever give you because
he's saying could be could be a false
accusation it's happened to me but my
god look what happened to this poor guy
Cavanaugh now Cavanaugh of course is a
much better example because people
actually believe Cavanaugh was innocent
at least people on the right do whereas
the president you say to yourself well
maybe you have some false accusations
but then again maybe you have some
actual just accusations so he very
cleverly took it through him all the way
into Cavanaugh and left clean this idea
that he's open to the possibility that
it's a false accusation did you see that
coming I did not see that coming and
I'll tell you it blew me away because
first of all it's a repetition of the
the pattern the pattern is do you see
the pattern yet the pattern is that no
matter what the question is the first
thing he says is he recognizes the
victim so he recognized that you know
the woman has the story to tell we
should listen but he also recognized
that Biden is the subject of an
accusation and you know if you were to
be innocent yeah I'm not giving it an
opinion on that but if he were to me he
would be a victim too and so the
president quite definitely used his
pattern that has worked so well before
which is first recognized the people
were getting at the worst then tell your
story and man when he keeps to that
pattern he is powerful I mean good
because that's when his his charisma is
highest because remember a charisma is
power plus empathy he always has the
power and of course he's president so
duh but he doesn't know
show the empathy but man when he does
the empathy first and then follows with
power wow that is really a good package
so I hope that that he's doing this
consciously which would suggest you know
he's found something that works and
he'll just keep doing it there were a
number of other things that he did well
oh and let me just to finish that point
now the president can afford to be
generous with Biden partly because Biden
is falling apart you know there's not
much there to attack but partly because
the tie goes to trump if if Biden is
accused of me doing and the president
has his own accusations let's say it's a
tie because you know people are gonna
believe by it in or not Trump or not
maybe more or not but it's gonna look
like a tie but I didn't can't get
elected if he's only as bad as Trump
because the only thing he's offering is
better character that's it the only
thing he's offering is better character
he's not really offering better judgment
because I don't think anybody thinks
that he's not really offering he's
smarter I don't think anybody thinks
that they might think he's as smart but
nobody thinks he's smarter so if you've
got somebody who's you know done the job
and performed for four years and he's
got he's got some accusations and you
see it made no difference didn't affect
his performance at all but you don't
know about the other guy
so what tie is gonna go to Trump in my
opinion yeah now there's some some more
reporting that maybe Biden was not the
angel there's some people thought he was
I'm gonna take some questions here a
little bit so if you have any why don't
you think of them get ready but before
that I saw another video of Biden on you
know from his basement studio and can
somebody do a fact check with me when
was the last
he appeared without his wife sitting
next to him because are you starting to
feel what I'm feeling that the the
having the wife there is not just to add
another personality and they have you
know make it more interesting I don't
think it's that don't you get the sense
that she's there for us a health
guardian purposes you get that right now
I don't think she was on camera when
Biden was getting Hillary's endorsement
but that makes sense that really had to
be a one-on-one well otherwise how often
are we gonna see his wife sitting next
to him clearly in a protective mode
that's how you take it right you take it
as a caretaker mode right you taking
those protective Handler a care taker
how I mean how long can that go on I
mean really are we the only ones to see
that I don't think so
I think everybody's seen it here's a
interesting thing I love it when people
who I think are smart agree with me
because when that happens I say that
person I think is smart just agreed with
me that might mean smart at least on
this one topic although I know you many
of you vehemently disagree on this
following point I would simply like to
note that is a very smart person even if
you don't like him you will admit he's
smart even if you don't like him and he
agrees with me and where's Bill Gates
who said today I just saw I think it was
on CNN that the the testing for the
corona virus and the United States is
just crap and then it doesn't come
anywhere near the right way to do it or
the right degree we're not doing it in
the right priority is nowhere near as
good as Asia now if you were with me
this morning or was it last night I
believe I told you directly you should
just stop thinking testing is gonna
because it's a mess my my sense of it
was the more we were unclear about the
testing situation and the more competing
stories we would hear let like yeah they
have plenty of tests no we don't well
they have everything they need well
that's the the other kind of test we've
got plenty of testing let's the test
facilities but what about the kits we
got lots of kits they don't have any
cotton you know I'm making some of those
up but the the point is you kept hearing
these confusing stories about all these
different kinds of kids with different
places and people didn't know what to do
but then you hear from an actual human
as I have from somebody who got tested
three weeks ago and doesn't have a
result did you hear that someone who was
tested three weeks ago and doesn't have
a result at all at all now how much of
that is going on around the country in
my opinion somebody says you're wrong
you must be new here if I had more time
I would lock you for that I block people
for saying you're wrong that's that's an
automatic block if you put no reason
said so I'm on the page of saying that
testing is BS and we're we just are
doing it in a way that will get us there
so and I'm not saying that we couldn't
ever get there I mean eventually we
could I'm sure but we're nowhere near it
and we're not we're just so far from it
you can almost discount it when you're
trying to figure out what's going to
happen but I do think will have good
therapeutics I wouldn't rule out that we
have a vaccination faster than we've
ever had one and I said this I've said
this on another parent scope but it's
blowing my mind and I got to share it
with you this is just blowing my mind
so I'll just repeat it again the top vie
religious guy in France dr. ddae Rao or
some
says that all of these viruses peak and
then they peter out and here's the
mind-blowing part from the top
biologists in france we don't know why
at peters out we don't know why any
virus stops being a virus did you know
that did you know that the top experts
in the world don't know why it goes away
now if it were heard if it were herd
immunity the top virologist and france
probably would have mentioned it just
guessing right if it were because of
vaccinations Plus herd immunity the top
fire ologist and France would have said
yeah it's probably some combination of
those things if were those things plus
the virus mutates let's say the top of
our ologist and France would know that
he would know that it mutates you would
know what the vaccinations are doing he
would know it and herd immunity does so
when he says nobody knows why these
viruses stop is it that mind blowing I
mean doesn't that just blow your frickin
mind that first of all that we're
finding this out now because I'm not
sure that foul she's ever said that
directly I would love for somebody to
ask him that question and say do we
really know why any virus Peters I don't
like why doesn't it just go to you know
if you said the planet always has a
winter somewhere and everybody's
traveling everywhere from everywhere to
everywhere if you only had 60% herd
immunity so that 40% had never been
exposed there's a winter somewhere
people are traveling how in the world
does a virus ever go away now somebody
says viruses get weaker and but again
the top biologists in France said he
doesn't know why they peter out now it
could be that they get weaker we don't
know why maybe but that but it's a big
mystery all right
the Sweden story just keeps getting more
interesting and it's not interesting
because we can tell anything useful by
looking at Sweden let me say this as
clearly as I can't we can't tell
anything useful by looking at Sweden so
what do we do
it's basically become a national sport
to make bad comparisons to Sweden that
don't mean anything because they're way
way way way too many variables to know
anything so but that doesn't seem to be
stopping anybody from making these
comparisons both good and bad the
president apparently is taking the
position that things are not going well
in Sweden which is interesting because
that allows the President to to say that
the United States is doing better than
Sweden cuz we used a different approach
now I'm not so sure that I'm gonna agree
with the President on this but here's
what was impressive when the president
was talking about it he he did talk
about the differences in Sweden and
there was one there was one thing in
particular he noted about their
lifestyle I forget what it was but I was
pretty insightful and I didn't realize
that he had looked into that into it
that deeply so apparently he was very
curious about Sweden because so many
people were holding it up as a model but
he's decided that things are not going
well there but I ask you this what does
it mean to say the things are not going
well in Sweden because if their
hospitals are not crushed aren't they
doing better and suppose suppose it
never gets to the point where the
Swedish hospitals are ever overloaded
wouldn't we then say that they did
better even though you know even though
they had more deaths and per capita than
we did wouldn't we say that was a
victory because they would have kept
their economy going
somewhat oh here's the thing that the
president said and I'd only seen this
I'd only seen one other place that
somebody said this besides me and I
copied it from that person
which is that although in Sweden they
did not have a very rigorous lock down
so many people were afraid of getting it
in Sweden that they were sort of
voluntarily not doing as much in public
so the president rightly pointed out
you're not looking at a bottle where
they are they're free to do anything
versus one were they're not that's not
what you're seeing you're seeing two
bottles where they're not doing all the
things they could do was just a little
bit more strict than the other so it's
not it's not quite the good Apple to
Apple that you want
um all right I've decided that what I'm
gonna do on the locals dot-com platform
I told you I'm moving some of my content
there I'll still do the periscopes
you'll still see them in the same place
places that you always did but in
addition I'll have some extra stuff the
locals platform and I put a lesson on
writing humor there so I'm gonna put
some very small micro lessons on that
platform because it's a subscription
service and people will want to get a
little extra so so I'll try to do at
least one one less of the week so that
over the course of a year you would
learn 52 skills you know micro skills
things like writing humour how to start
a conversation yeah I didn't sleep that
sort of thing all right so that will be
there
what is locals locals is a new platform
go to locals come in which creators Dave
Rubin
started and creators are moving there to
not be guided by the algorithm so if I
put my content on say Twitter and
YouTube Twitter and YouTube get to
decide what you see so I can only grow
as much as those entities want me to but
if I put it on a subscription service
nobody sees it except the ones who want
to have a subscription and and it's all
the air you don't have to you don't have
to go looking for it
all the content will be in one place so
that's that somebody says Dave Reubens
on Fox right now so he's got a book I'm
gonna be talking to him tomorrow I think
we'll do that life yeah I'll probably do
that life talking about his new book
called don't burn this book all right
I'm gonna take some so I thought I'd
answer this question somebody says so no
more periscopes incorrect the Paris
ghosts will be exactly as before when
the coronavirus is done I probably won't
do an evening one release is often but I
will do the morning ones just as always
they'll still be on YouTube they'll
still be on iTunes you'll just have one
extra place you can watch them and then
you can watch them at double speed and
you know there'll be other advantages
you can send me messages stuff all right
so gonna take some questions questions
who's got a question I think I think amy
has a question
Amy Banta do you have a question for me
Amy do you have a question if you're
periscoping as part of some grand master
plan of pacing and then leading
conservatives to some of your left of
Boerne worldview such as universal hair
health care and well I certainly not in
terms of a grand plan which I put
together to conquer the world but in
general as I've said before people who
know persuasion
don't turn it off it simply becomes the
way you talk because everybody wants to
persuade so if you know how to do it
well why would you do it with less well
than you know how to do it so I'm always
persuading which means that in any
situation I will be pacing because
that's pretty basic and I'm always
looking for a reason that I could lead
because that's why people want to get
based in the first place they want to
get a little extra they don't want to
just
know what they already know so but I
would say it's very unlikely that I
would move conservatives far more likely
they would find out that there's
something in the middle which is for
example there's no conservative who's
opposed to everybody having health care
they just don't like the way it's
proposed that it happens I would propose
that everybody has health care too but
that we could almost certainly get there
through capitalist ways without you know
taxing somebody to pay for somebody
else's health care you know there's some
people you're gonna have to pay for but
it feels to me that we could just be
more clever and get there so I wouldn't
I wouldn't say that would be moving
conservatives to left Bernie or vice
versa rather it would be acknowledging
that there's a solution that both could
be happy take another example I would
not be trying to for example lead
conservatives to think that climate
change is what aoc and birdy think it is
because I don't think that but I would
try to point out that both the left and
the right on climate change have a
solution that's the same solution which
is nuclear power the left is a little
behind in understanding it if they were
up to speed about generation four I
would say if that is and can be they
would have a different opinion the right
is a little more up to date because they
care about nuclear so they tend to pay
attention to that stuff so that's not a
case of moving anybody anywhere except
recognizing that there's an obvious
solution that works for everybody and I
think that there might be a number of
cases like that so I'm more about the
solution I would call myself a
pragmatist
when I say I'm left to Bernie it's just
so I don't get put in a box you know if
part of the reason I say that is that
nobody knows what it means so that's
part of the value of it people go I
don't even know what that means I guess
I'll have to ask you so as you did
basically and others have like I don't
get that who are you that's the
preferred situation so that I can be
pragmatic maybe somebody on the left has
a great idea
maybe somebody on the right has a great
idea well it wasn't long ago that it was
that AOC had some very good idea that
was neither left nor right and and I
tweeted it right away so I'm not really
I'm not really about the left of the
right I'm about pragmatism thanks for
the question
yeah well you've definitely been
persuading me well we were you on the
left of the right oh definitely on the
right I ever Trump er until you started
Trump splaining for me well I'm glad I
could be of service
alright thank you Amy all right that was
a good call let's have more good
questions like that I'm gonna go with
Mike Wynn Bigley who was smart enough to
put the title of my book in his name
Mike Wynn Begley you got yeah further to
her question we can't afford health care
we can't afford universal health care we
can't afford three college but we seem
to be able to print money whenever we
need it so what I don't understand and
if we can print money why we can't
afford it
I'm not for it or against it understand
you're you're asking a tremendous
question and gap and to the best of my
understanding nobody knows the answer
and this is fascinating because I've
been so because I've been asking your
version of this question let me let me
try to frame it a little bit for you so
you know I've got a degree in economics
and an MBA but I can't answer this
question and I don't know if anybody can
and here's what here's why it's so weird
in a normal situation if you print money
and that means you have you've got more
money in the system but there's the same
amount of goods you know in the short
run
so that would cause inflation yeah but
we're in the most special of special
cases in which we have all this
production facility but we don't have
enough demand because even if we're
pumping tons of money and there's so
many consumers
got whacked they're not going to be
buying any extra so we're gonna be we're
going to be entering a situation where
except for some minor things that people
are trying to hoard and there might be
price gouging you're not going to see
anything like inflation almost no matter
how much they print because because
nobody anybody who tried to raise the
price it just wouldn't work nobody would
have paid more what if we go one step
further and we stay with inflation after
2008 when they printed two trillion
dollars and they just printed four
trillion dollars they can grant however
much money it's not causing us
well--there's
well 2008 I think we borrowed maybe you
can I need somebody to maybe but there's
there's a big difference between
borrowing where you absolutely have to
pay it back you know sooner or later you
got to pay it back unless you do fault
and that's worse by the way Trump
answered the question about not paying
China's debt really well because he you
know he's worked with banks and he
understands it's not about the moment
it's yeah it's about your
creditworthiness so you don't want to
win the moment and lose your
creditworthiness that would be the worst
play in the world so he understands that
so so here's the thing if we borrowed
money that would you know be interest
payments and that would be real pain and
borrowing definitely as a limit
everything has a limit but when you're
just printing it in this one strange
situation where inflation is basically
impossible and that's the only risk I
have asked the question what's the limit
because I think I think if you look at
the stock market the smartest people in
finance just watched us print four
trillion dollars or whatever it was and
they said and they just said looks good
to us more right and and what is it that
Trump wishes that he had gotten done in
this last round he wishes that they
thrown another trillion on it for
infrastructure so
is there any sense that we can that
there's a limit to how much of this
money we can print now in theory there
is but do we know where that is and is
there any Nobel Prize or Nobel Prize
winner who can answer that the smartest
people in finance and then all these
sweater-vests Republicans keep talking
about gonna end we got too much dad you
can't do all these things and then we
just do it and nothing ever happened
yeah change the Republican position
about financial ruin never come true
never come true well so part of it is
that we we over we overstate the problem
in the first place
secondly were we humans are amazingly
good at figuring stuff out so even if we
get into trouble we can figure out a
weasel and the trouble if we have enough
time and enough people are working at it
but I tell you I spend a lot of time
every day thinking about exactly your
question which is what's the limit that
you can just print under this special
situation and no idea okay take care
got chased off by the commenters alright
about about Gabriel
I feel like I've talked to you before
Gabriel Gabriel Gabriel hey Gabriel do
you have a question deep-diving on a
super current event but you can indulge
my question or not you can and just you
just you just have to be interesting
that is well I I I was wondering how you
and say your group of friends would
approach helping one of your best
friends who might been diagnosed with
cancer
fatal terminal we don't know precisely
but there was some very terrible news
today which does not carry a good
prognosis well I don't think there's any
magic bullet I mean other than you know
having your love and comfort and
visiting and asking what you can do and
helping out there there's no special
formula there's no right way to do it
but certainly showing your concern and
you know offering help that's all you
can do I mean unfortunately it's an easy
question to answer because there's no
good good answer to that but are you are
you worried how the the person with
cancer is gonna feel about it or you
worried in terms of your own internal
sense of whether you're doing the right
stuff I think I think both I think I
think we'd all like to think we can
create a you know I guess an environment
of positivity around the situation to
help the person but part of me wonders
if even that efforts to tell well I I
don't think there's any case where
positivity is a better so the person
with cancer is going to give you all the
negativity you need the last thing they
need is more on top of that so you
probably do have an obligation to at
least keep you know your contribution
light because it's the last thing they
need so yeah I would say stay positive
and
that probably is the best thing you can
do all right all right thanks for
appreciate it
yeah all right let's see if riot has a
question Brian do you have a question a
little bright eye your kind of light can
you speak up the question I had for you
was well you know I have the same
curiosity but I would give you this a
thought experiment when Trump was
running the first time the Democrats
were saying my god can you republicans
not see what we see
he's obviously crazy he's obviously
mental you know mentally challenged so I
think that a lot of the Democrats
honestly saw that in other words that
was their honest intelligent adult
opinion that Trump was dysfunctional
mentally now in fact they still say that
but do you see it cuz you know I we all
have our own criticisms right he's not
above criticism but I don't see the
crazy part I just don't see it well okay
so so here's the second part there there
may be some people who don't see it but
I'm totally with you that you can Matt
it's easier to imagine
how people would see two versions of
Trump but it's impossible for me to
imagine how anybody would see a second
version of Biden if they're paying
attention and all the people were
endorsing him are paying attention so
here's my best guess number one there's
definitely something going on and you
know what I'm talking about right
there's something there's a conversation
happening behind the curtain there's
maneuvering there there's a power
struggle
clearly there are conversations yeah
yeah there clearly there's a
conversation about what to do about this
and and indeed I've talked to at least
one topic top Democrat who would know
the answer to this who says we don't
know what we're gonna do I mean in those
exact words we don't know what we're
gonna do
meaning they know that they don't have a
candidate but they don't know what
they're gonna do about it now this was a
while ago maybe they know now my best
guess is that they're playing for the
vice presidency and they got themselves
in this situation before they realized
how bad it was because I think it's not
gone upon them oh by the way I'd like to
ask in the comments from the very early
on when Biden was you know being
discussed as a candidate was I the first
person in the country to say that he was
mentally incompetent because you know I
think this that this might this might be
a selective memory in my part because
you know I like to remember when I get
something right and immediately forget
if I get something wrong like everybody
but oh I'm seeing some some people say
some people say no but I was saying it
before it became part of the national
conversation and I think it's worsened
it quite a bit
so I would say that I was seeing the the
first flickers of it well before it got
to where it is now and I had also
predicted at the time that there was
going to be a rate of decline that was
going to be a really awkward for the
Democrats if he got the nomination and
that's exactly where we are
so we're
water-type situation would just snuck up
on him yeah because in my opinion I did
not think it was obvious to everyone on
day one so maybe it wasn't yeah so and
and wouldn't you say he's gotten worse
in the last six months right it seems
significantly worse so and I don't know
if anybody else had predicted like I did
that however bad it is now I don't know
if he's gonna make it to the nomination
I mean I said that directly and a long
time ago and you know nobody's ever made
any more accurate prediction that a
candidate might not make it to the
nomination I mean I said it about
Hillary and she she literally like
passed out and god knows what else she
did and got dragged into a limousine and
it's the only time I've ever said
somebody doesn't look healthy he was
running for president I've only said it
once and there's video of her like
passing out and being dragged into a car
so this is the second time I'm saying it
clearly on point I mean everybody agrees
with it now but to your point I believe
the people who have endorsed them do see
it I think they just know they got
trapped and they don't have an out
there's no there's no good way to do it
and and here's the weird part what if he
wins because I'm not I'm not gonna rule
that out you know I yeah if I if I if
I'm updating the slaughtered meter it
looks like there's no chance in the
world that Joe Barton could win but I
might be making I worry that I'm making
the following analytical error I'm
thinking of Joe Biden as a candidate
like as a person one-on-one against
candidate Trump and if you think of it
that way there's no chance I mean
there's not even a little chance that he
could be candidate Trump but I don't
know if that's how Democrats see it I
think they see Trump and no Trump yes no
it's like a yes/no vote and they'll
figure out the let they'll figure out
the rest later I don't know that they
care
the lack of exposure is really yeah
absolutely I would agree with that and
did you see the president's approval is
just jacking all over the place it's
like way down that it's way up I don't
know what's going on with that but it
but what we can tell is that the the
coronavirus we don't know which impact
it will have on the race because the the
public saying okay good week bad bad
week that means they don't know I was
gonna turn it out but if I had if I had
to guess today how it's gonna look on
Election Day I think it's gonna look
like the United States did a solid job
you know - let's say test it wasn't good
they're gonna be things that we have to
complain about but I think in terms of
turning the economy back on at the right
amount of death etc and getting back up
and having that you know v-shaped
recovery that the president talks about
optimistically we might be looking
really good by November or at least this
is all it would take for Trump to win
all it would take is that things have
been moving in the right direction over
the summer you know through November if
it's moving in the right direction
people will put up with it being slower
than they wish that it needs to be
moving in the right direction I think it
will be exactly as I often say all right
thanks for the question all right I
think we got time for another one don't
we let's find somebody who would just be
the best question to ask her of all time
well we're gonna have to pick Oregon
history because cleverly put my book in
is icon it is a profile hi do you have a
question for me nervous I would suggest
that you're doing the greatest community
service of anyone at the moment to me is
in particular because I I'm on Twitter
all day
reading about lies and all this nonsense
and then then there you come that you
come on we hear you and you talk some
sense into us especially especially you
labeled the disinfecting hoax I found
that really really helpful just
disinfectant hoax you said that's so
concise and so good and like it the
energy creature concepts the other night
the four dimensional energy creature
concept just awesome so thank you for
that thanks you have a question uh yeah
well do you have I know your answers
gonna be you're gonna say don't argue
with those people but during this time
of being off we have more time to argue
people on the internet and I've come
into arguments against some anti-semites
and I'm wondering maybe do you have a
kill shot against general anti-semitism
or anything this particular well I don't
know that anybody has a kill shot
because somebody would have used that by
now I think yes if there was one if I
had one I would certainly unleash upon
the world but my experiences that
anti-semites are coming at it from a
point of an inferiority complex now I
can't say there's one explanation of
everybody and I'm not reading minds or
anything it's just an observation that
if you ask why if somebody says yes you
know they're anti-semitic if you had a
quiet moment with them and you said why
like what's your answer eventually
they're going to come around to the fact
that they feel threatened and that and
that they they think that it's a group
of people who just perform better and
just do better and therefore anybody you
know it's a if you feel that the
resources in the world are limited then
you get a bad feeling about anybody
who's good at acquiring resources in
your opinion so the anti-semites are of
the opinion that it's a group of people
who are extra good as success and
acquiring things that it's you know that
means they'll be left less for other
people
according to that point of view so I
don't have a kill shot but if you were
to quietly have a conversation as
opposed to in public with somebody the
question that I would ask is what are
you afraid of and and I would try to
figure out what it is because obviously
there's some kind of fear at the bottom
of it because there's there's something
special with anti-semitism that doesn't
seem to be the same with anti other
people you know anti other people have
all different reasons there's something
special about a semitism but I just
asked them what they're afraid of and
see if you see if you can get them to
deal with the fact that they're they're
trying to externalize their own fears
and insecurities and they can do that
it's a free country but it's not a good
look all right that's the best I can do
sorry well I might have been arguing
with Iranian Revolutionary Guard BOTS
anyways so persuaded in which case good
luck all right thank you Scott yeah all
right we could do one more there's still
a few people here some people who
haven't bailed out yet oh let's see
Mike Burt for adding a Burt into your
name oops Mike bird is gone let's try
somebody else
let's try Stephanie Stephanie hello
Stephanie do you have a question I can't
good so um you know how Germany is suing
China for this coronavirus yes and I'm
very doubtful if anything will come of
that meaning I don't think China's gonna
pay up cuz they're gonna be paying the
whole world but isn't it true that China
holds most of our debt well if you're
saying why don't we just not pay them
back the president answered that
question at the press conference and I
loved his answer yeah so basically Eddie
if you if you go back on a debt you
don't get a second chance that's kind of
the end of your currency at the end of
your credit if we were to default on
something that big yeah it's just too
big too disruptive it would hurt us as
much as them yeah no it wouldn't work it
would be a Pyrrhic victory as I say you
know you could win but you'd be so
wounded by the width that you wish you
hadn't won yes took it a step further
and said well we're not really gonna do
fall but we're not paying interest on it
and just paid them back to money they
borrowed but not well who's that who's
that
it's an easel yeah I'm thinking Chinese
nationals or I mean I don't I'm not even
sure I look into that like who owns it
yeah if it's if it's just you know
well-off Chinese citizens that feels a
little rough business
so yeah I understand what you're saying
but we probably as the president said we
have other levers other tools so I think
I'd rather use trade and you know maybe
having good allies and you know maybe we
have military agreements with people
they don't like it there's just lots of
ways we can put pressure on yeah I was
when he said maybe we will maybe we
won't have any students here in our stem
programs because that's that's gotten a
little out of control I think I mean I
think they're you know yeah you know if
you I don't want to conflate what's
happening with China with what would
happen to with any other country because
we definitely do need as much a high-end
you know scientific technical talent as
we could get you know if we can get it
from India we can get it from England we
can get it from wherever but China is
kind of a special case because even
though the the scholars of the people
coming over are you know incredible yeah
I have to stem kids in college and it's
like they're the only white kids I mean
it's not like it's it's it's not so
terrible to say but where are the
Americans where are the natives it's a
lot of foreigners and they're not here
taking our gender studies and our you
know yes layers yeah some some of it is
because they pay full full price and of
course the colleges what people who paid
full price but some of it is just bath
because you know if the United States
has X number of universities but it has
to service not just our population but
the smartest people from the biggest
countries that are way bigger than the
United States there would have to be way
more foreign people who would be willing
to pay full price than there ever will
be
you know enough in the United States so
it's kind of built into the system but I
would rather just not let countries that
are rivals be part of that at all
get as much as we can from countries
that we don't think are a risk because I
don't think there's any limit to how
many technical and scientific people you
can bring it to a country because they
tend to add more than they they use so
you probably had unlimited high-end
technical people and it just improves
the economy forever all right and I have
to thank you for your cartoon I think
right when I was out of college is when
you started that and we would sit around
with you know my recent grad co-workers
and we would just laugh hysterically and
each of your characters we knew which
boss that was was great
well good glad you enjoyed it all right
thanks for the question thank you
all right this brings me to the
conclusion of tonight's broadcast I hope
all of you are feeling better I think
the I think the direction of the country
is finally moving where we want it to go
it was a rough psychological financial
and physical haul as we were going up
the mountain but it feels like we just
crested the mountain and that I would
imagine that every day from here on it's
far more likely to be good news than bad
I would expect by a maybe a two-to-one
ratio there from now to Election Day if
we're talking about the coronavirus and
we're talking about the economy we'll
probably have two pieces of good news
for every piece of bad news from now
until we get to the other end of this so
we're a much better place and
psychologically oh my goodness it's
better because we're moving in the right
direction we have tools there we didn't
have tools we have more understanding it
was kind of an information problem we
have a lot more information but we're
getting there
and I absolutely buy into president
Trump's optimism I absolutely buy into
it beating that I don't even think he's
exaggerating I think that once the
economy you know gets a foothold I don't
know what that'll start you saying
fourth quarter that's a good guess I
think
man when it comes back it's gonna come
back hard alright that's your happy
thought for tonight and I will talk to
you in the morning you know where