e e
that should be
better all good now everybody
happy let me make sure I've got sound
now you got sound everybody
good yeah there you go
there's a uh an interface audity on the
rumble
Studio which is that when you uh press
the unmute button it takes a few seconds
to take hold and if you're in a hurry
you click it once and then you think oh
that'll work but you have to click it
just right so sometimes you have to
click it and then wait five seconds to
see if it really clicked and I didn't
waigh 5 seconds I was ambitious I wanted
to jump right
in but I think there's something you
missed good morning everybody and
welcome to the highlight of human
civilization it's called coffee with
Scott Adams and when it's finally
working it's a wonder to behold but if
you'd like to take this experience up to
levels that nobody can even understand
with their tiny shiny human brains all
you need is a CER mugger a glass of
tanker cheler Stein a canteen Jugger
flask a vessel of any kind fill it with
your favorite but liquid I like coffee
and join me now for the unparalleled
pleasure of dopamine end of the day the
thing that makes everything better it's
called the simultaneous Sip and habits
right now
go special thank you to Paul thank you
for the alert I needed
that cuz I wasn't quite sure what I was
seeing
there all right here's a little thing
called reciprocity you ready for this
reciprocity it's a good
thing so as you know uh Mark cubin was
uh playing for the KLA Harris team and
she uh she didn't win and Mark cubin
took quite a hit but on the other hand I
do like the fact that he played the game
played it
hard uh and then when he didn't win when
it turned out that Trump was the winner
uh Mark Cuban simply thanked him and
said congratulations and congratulated
Elon Musk and I said to myself that's
how I want my country to work play hard
play fair get over it move on and so I'm
going to give a little shout out to Mark
Cubans one of his companies I didn't
know he had which sounds like a really
good idea so it looks like he's got some
kind of a company called labador
lab door that will test your supplements
to find out if they're real which
weirdly I was just wanting to
do it was actually in my mind because
I'm you know taking some just general
supplements and I thought I don't even
know if these are real so he's got a
company that you can send your
supplement in and find out if it's real
called labdo door looks like a
startup and I think even some of the
bestselling brands
might be worth a check that's what they
say so anyway this is uh
reciprocity Mark Cub been played
Fair he get some
reciprocity um but I think sounds like a
good idea anyway so if you were looking
for that kind of a service there you go
it's called lab door um there's a uh
study that showed that Americans like to
look for news that agrees with them
and just makes them feel good because it
agrees with them whereas uh Japan and
Hong Kong readers like to explore
diverse
perspectives what does that tell you
about uh the Asian consumers versus the
American consumers the Americans go for
the news that agrees with them and at
least these two Asian groups are looking
for news that's diverse so they can s
all Heights
well the first thing you need to know is
that if you were in Japan or Hong Kong
the news would not be that
diverse so when you don't have diversity
you go looking for
it uh so that's what they're doing but
in our country we have the most diverse
news you could possibly have and so I
think here we just go for the dopamine
hit I mean our news is not real for the
most part the news is mostly to make you
feel a certain way and if it makes you
feel good it's a dopamine hi if it makes
you feel bad it's bad so you avoid the
bad stuff so you go for the stuff that
agrees with
you here's a uh scientific fact you
didn't see coming according to the bite
microplastics are somehow getting into
the air and and uh getting into
clouds and then you say to yourself
uhoh that sounds bad you got plastic in
your clouds but it turns out that the
plastic in the clouds might seed the
clouds and make it rain
more which would then put more plastic
in the ground so maybe the plastic parts
bad but I ask you this question for the
millionth time did our climate models
include a variable for microplastics
increasing the cloud cover and
rainfall just wondering I'm just
wondering did they leave that out cuz if
it's completely irrelevant why is there
a big story about it and if it's
completely irrelevant seems like there
is something very big left out of the
models but if you're worried about the
microplastics fear no more because
there's a plastic eating insect
discovered in Kenya it's the first of
its kind in Africa according to the
conversation that's name name of the
publication so apparently there's this
little mealworm larva dry that can
consume
polystyrene so there's a small group of
insects that are capable of breaking
plastic
down now I'm pretty sure there's a way
this could go off the The
Rails we could have like an immense
number of mealworm larvi I don't really
want to live in a world that's polluted
with
microplastics but I'm not really that
much crazier about replac ing my
microplastics with gigantic floating
armies of mealworm
larvi so anyway maybe there's a way to
keep them in a cage and still eat the
microplastics here's some good news
because it's the Golden Age and it's
only good news from now on but is it
good enough according to the financial
post the US has plans to Triple its
nuclear power by
2050 triple its nuclear power now you
might say
Scott I've been listening to you for
years and you've been saying for years
nuclear is green and you need to you
need to ramp up that nuclear and so
should I be happy that the us is going
to Triple its nuclear power by
20150 well hello you know between
Bitcoin and Ai and all the all the power
that's going to need and who knows maybe
maybe self-driving taxis going to need
some Electric
to um I don't think tripling by 2050 is
even
close tripling your your nuclear power
by 2050 seems
like 5 to 10% of what we
need like I I I worry that we're not
even in the zip code of enough that the
AI people would tell us but it does show
that the even the Biden Administration
is very pro-nuclear power I think Trump
Administration will be equally if not
more so that's all good news at least
it's a green light for nuclear power and
you know you you watched me advocate for
years to get the green light for nuclear
power and we have
it did you know that
OIC the claim is it's the the drug
that's being used for weight loss and
apparently there are at least
anecdotally people are thinking that it
might be helping with diabetes
and you say to yourself well obviously
if people lose weight you know that's
going to help them with their diabetes
but there is some suggestion strong
suggestion that it helps independent of
weight loss but it also helps with skin
issues it's an anti-inflammatory it
might help with arthritis looks like it
could help with drug and alcohol
addiction might help for Alzheimer's
patients might reduce your heart attacks
and
strokes what does that sound like to you
is there any drug that you've heard of
before that was made for one purpose and
then later miraculously turns out all
these other things it might help with do
you know what it reminds me
of
[Music]
stattin doesn't that sound familiar
statins I remember when statins were for
U cholesterol right and then then I
remember my doctor told me one day this
this is a real conversation my doctor
told me that the research was showing
that Statin were so good for you in so
many different ways Beyond just
cholesterol that he was on the he was on
the verge of just prescribing it for all
of his
patients like he didn't do that but he
said gosh it's it's just so good for so
many things I I'm going to prescribe it
for
everybody
now correct me if I'm wrong but statins
are now sort of on the
ounce people are saying maybe they
weren't so safe after all or not so
useful I'm not I'm not fully up on that
story but it reminds me of that and so I
say to myself is it likely that
OIC is useful in all these completely
unrelated things or is it more likely
that the people who make OIC are putting
out some
studies and and trying to convince
people that it has many more uses so
that the people can make many more
dollars so I'm going to say I'm a
skeptic on this I'm not against OIC
because I don't know enough one way or
the other but I'm a skeptic that it has
all these
benefits without much in the way of risk
that would that would be amazing it
would be amazing if it's
true but I'm going to stay skeptical on
this for a
while I saw a uh present ation online
that said that you need a full 8 Seconds
of a hug for the oxytocin to kick in so
you don't get like a full oxytocin hit
from your friends where you just give
them like the the 3 second hug you go to
you got to embrace them and hold them
don't let them get away especially your
co-workers if if you're in the office
where sometimes your co-workers will hug
you don't let them go you got to hold
them for the full 80 Seconds and that's
just the beginning
it only begins in 8 seconds and
apparently there's a research that says
the oxytocin doesn't just feel good it
it's good for your brain apparently it's
good for your brain health and um I have
other benefits like uh muscle
regeneration and it reduces age related
loss of muscle
mass so apparently um if you can guess
somebody who is dumb enough to hug you
the best thing you can do for your
health is to trap them and make sure
that they don't get down for like I
don't know 2 or 3
minutes really get a good dose of that
oxytocin okay that's the worst advice
I've ever given Don't Hug people more
than they want to be hugged unless you
want to steal their
oxytocin and
then yeah don't let them
go so that's my bad advice for the
day the Oprah story for the day is that
o has claimed she did not receive
payment of $1 million or any payment
from the Harris campaign for her
interview that she did with Harris and
then endorsed her um however now this
this news comes from Oprah herself so
somebody tracked her down in Hawaii I
think and she said I was not paid for
that
now um there are two documents that show
that um her production company was paid
two payments of a half a million each
which means that she was paid a million
dollar so what is true was Oprah paid a
million dollars because there are there
actually records of it or when she
looked at the camera and said I was not
paid a penny was that
true the answer
is they're both
true this is one of those stories where
I have like a little extra window into
it because I'm a public
figure it is very common for public
figures to be offered uh elaborate
travel
expenses but not
payment so for example if a a college
says hey we want you to give come give a
speech at commencement and we'll give
you like an honorary
degree and I'd be like uh no thanks
sounds like a lot of work for nothing
and then theyd be but we will pay for
your travel first first first class
flight you know best hotel in the city
pay for all your meals and that' be like
no thanks I still wouldn't do it but you
could imagine how some people would if
they cared about the they cared about
the event you know if it was a political
event and they wanted to weigh in they
might do that so here's what I think
happened and I would I would place a
reasonably large bet that I'm right
about this somebody contacted Oprah and
said would you be willing to come here
and do this Oprah said yes talk to my
production company to set it up the
production company said all right and
how much are you paying for this and
then they said we're not paying for it
Oprah's just coming here and she's going
to do her thing and then the production
company who is working for Oprah but
also probably trying to maximize profits
within their company so that they can
keep their job so the production company
says um I understand you have lots of
like money donated by people you got a
big ton of campaign money right and then
the campaign would say well yes we do we
want to use it for
advertisements and then the production
company says well you should at least
pay for the production company so you
should fly first you should fly um Oprah
in on her private jet and you know pay
for the cost of the travel which would
just be the gas I guess and the pilots
and then of course when she travels she
brings 20 people and her dogs and we all
get like a a whole a whole floor of your
best
hotel then we may build a set and then
we may have to like everybody's got
meals and everything and and then you
can imagine the production company
trying to come up with a budget for that
and then the campaign says what the hell
is all that going to cost and then the
production company goes oh let me check
and they come back and they go it's uh
it's uh $1 million meaning they didn't
really check they just tried to figure
out what number was big enough that they
would say yes but not so big that it was
ridiculous so
probably the production company
negotiated to cover their own own
expenses which were
extravagant because probably when Oprah
travels it's like it's like the queen
traveling and probably they overcharged
the campaign by a lot but probably it
did not go directly into Oprah's wallet
it went into the production company and
then got mixed in with the production
company's costs and and and revenues and
may or may not have made her money so is
it possible that Oprah came out ahead
yes yes it is is she lying when she said
she wasn't paid a penny probably not she
probably told the truth when she said
she wasn't paid if if they had asked the
further question was the production
company that you own and you benefit
from their success were they
paid probably yes and then she would say
to cover expenses
probably so anyway that's just my
speculation according to the Gateway
pundit there were four counties in
Michigan uh that had uh uncounted votes
and at least one of them ended up
flipping a seat that they thought was
already
decided so does that give you any pause
now it turns out that the seat that was
slipped was for a republican so they
found a bunch of votes
found found the votes huh who who would
ever use language like that find votes
but turns out in Michigan there was a
republican who it looked like they lost
but in the end they won do you know why
because they found
votes now apparently it's not a
republican area so nobody nobody thinks
that found means that they cheated and
created votes that don't exist they
actually literally didn't know the votes
existed and they found them they found
votes finding votes is real people
apparently our elections are so
disorganized that the idea that there
could be votes uncounted even after
you've decided who
won it's apparently a real thing it's
happening right here in Michigan in real
time now that doesn't mean that you know
Georgia in 2020 had some unfound votes
but it does mean that if you're using
that
language you just need to find this many
votes that that is completely compatible
with our modern election system
producing surprises after after the
outcome yeah but what about this so the
Red Wave is uh apparently continuing if
you want to call it a red wave so at the
moment the Republicans have 28 seats the
Democrats have 209 in the house that
would give Republicans control there are
few houses few races still out standing
but not enough for Democrats to catch up
now how close does this need to be to a
tie before the house is
useless it's not very like it's not like
if they have a one vote advantage that
the Republicans can go Hog Wild right
because that one vote will never be
enough but
is eight votes nine votes if they had
eight or nine votes could they
Republicans be pretty confident they get
everything they wanted I'm not sure
where that number is but we're right on
I think we're on the
cusp of you could get anything you
wanted I'm not
sure other conversations about who's
taking what job apparently Ohio Governor
Mike dwine would consider vake so I
guess since JD Vance will be leaving the
senatorship in Ohio uh the governor can
appoint somebody short term and uh that
person would be you know the front
runner to run for re-election of course
but name came up we haven't heard from V
if he'd be interested in that I think at
one point he didn't rule it out but
other than that we don't know what do
you think of aake as a
governor obviously he could do it
obviously he'd be good at it I'm not
sure that's big
enough I I think F has already
demonstrated that um we could use him at
a national level but on the other hand
if he needs to you know let's say put in
some time you know he has to do some
serious governance before someday he
runs for president I assume um that
might make sense might make sense so I
would feel a little bit I would feel a
little bit
deprived nationally if he were used for
a
state but you know if you come up for
air in 4 to8 years maybe that turned out
to be the the wisest thing he could have
ever done I don't know I I think that
would have as much to do with his
personal life and you know his kids and
whether he wants to live in Washington
or be political but live in the same
state he wants to live in so lot of lot
of considerations meanwhile Cary Lake
According to some projections but not
all has uh not one in
Arizona so that would mean Ruben gyo
would be the winner
now um the votes are not all counted so
I think that technically there would be
some chance that she could win but that
would require a lot of finding votes so
it doesn't look like it's going to
happen but it's not physically
impossible um however this would mean
that there are more States this time
that uh split the ticket meaning that
they would vote for Trump overall in the
state but when they looked for the
senator they would pick the other party
don't you expect that would almost never
happen now in the real world it turns
out it almost never happens but it
happened like four times four different
states I think which is a little
suspicious
um so in Maricopa um we we were being
told to believe I think the uh was a gay
way punded or something said this uh we
are being asked to believe that 100,000
people voted for Trump for
president but they preferred as their
Senator uh an open borders
Marxist that's how that's how Gayo is
being described by I think it was the
Gateway
pundit so does that sound real do do you
think that there really could be a whole
bunch of people who say oh give me the
open borders person for a senator but
give me the president who's going to
close the
border does seemed a little unusual but
I did see some uh reaction that AOC got
when she asked why why would people in
her District vote for her but also vote
for Trump and then she showed some of
the responses on X and they were
actually
fascinating that was actually AOC doing
something quite useful and educational
there for all of us uh there their
reasons were not ones you would agree
with but it was stuff like uh they both
they both are fighting the
system you say what oh yeah well Trump
is fighting the system and AOC is
fighting the system in a totally
different way so people who like people
who are fighting the system like both
Trump and
AOC now you wouldn't really
necessarily come up with that on your
own
but
anyway so I'm seeing in the comments the
uh the graph that shows that the uh
Trump won all of the states where you
have to show your ID and Harris won all
the states where you don't have to show
your
ID which would suggest that cheating is
the reason that Democrats want anything
however that's not the cause and effect
you should be looking at so so that that
feels like misleading at least because
being a blue state is all you need to
not to say no to ID
so you may have your cause and effect
backwards it's entirely possible and I
will agree that it could be that the
only reason some states are blue is
because they don't check the ID of the
voters that's possible is far more
likely and obvious that if they're blue
they agree with all the things that blue
States say and so they just all say the
same thing so you would get the same
exact map whether the only thing that
was happening was they were just
agreeing with their team or it was a
massive
coordinated Rico plan to steal
elections the map would be exactly the
same so does that prove that there was
or was not cheating in those blue States
no it doesn't tell you anything one way
or the other the that map would look
exactly the same if if there were
cheating or no
cheating
um so anyway do you believe that four
states had different
different
Senator selections than they did
President I think maybe yeah as weird as
that is it's within the realm of
possibility it's hard to
believe so I mean I wouldn't bet my
house on it but it's within the realm of
roughly believable it's a weird
year well but more
importantly um a rear Admiral is going
to give a some kind of testimony to
Congress coming up about underwater
UFOs that have been tailing nuclear
subs so apparently the nuclear subs have
had some kind of object uh trying to get
in their behind and the rear Admiral is
telling us about it and uh here's my
take I really don't care how credible
the Witnesses are when it comes to
UFOs there's no such thing as a credible
witness when it comes to a UFO you you
know what I would call
credible somebody shows me the ship and
I can touch
it I mean maybe then but now I don't
believe in UFOs in the air and I don't
believe in underwater UFOs but I will
point out that if you were an advanced
um civilization from another planet and
you and you had the ability to visit
Earth wouldn't you be more interested in
what was underwater than what's above
water we live outside of water so we
just assume that the interesting stuff
is on the surface but if you were
exploring Earth it's mostly
ocean most of the earth is ocean so
you'd say hey it looks like there's
stuff on the top but what's in this big
water thing and then they'd be exploring
the the ocean and they' say well this is
the only interesting part of the Earth
that's where all the actions happening
and their ships could handle it so
they'd just be checking out the ocean
all day
long now that's possible in my opinion
there are no
UFOs whatever the reason whatever the
explanation is it's probably some grab
bag of normal cognitive things and liars
and CIA and some other
stuff but uh there's one thing I I'm
very curious about if we have under
water UFOs is it possible and maybe this
is too much to ask for do we have
underwater
bigfoots because I'm
very I'm always looking for a Bigfoot
but I never see one above ground could
it be that like UFOs we assume that
bigfoots like to be on land or above the
water but maybe they're just good
swimmers okay hold the breath for a long
time so maybe underwater bigfoots are
coming too but in the mean time we'll
only have underwater UFOs to live with
that's okay too Alex Jones says that
infow Wars his company is going to shut
down this wind this Wednesday ahead of
the coure ordered auction now it doesn't
doesn't mean he's shut down it means
that it has to be auctioned
off uh which could include a friendly
buyer buying it and just hiring back to
work I guess
possible so the question I have is how
does Alex Jones ever make money again if
he's on the hook to pay for some you
know ungodly judgment from the
court even if you bought the company for
him like just to do him a favor and then
hired him back at his original pay would
he just have to give 80% of it away like
forever I don't know how that works or
or can you do something where I don't
know you pay his wife instead of him and
and then he can enjoy Joy it the same
way I don't know so I got lots of
questions about Infowars but my big
question is will it
continue
um I'm sure that Alex Jones is not done
so it will continue one way or the
other well here's the uh thing that
everybody should have been able to
predict we're we're going to talk about
uh uh Trump how he won so handily this
election but identity politics
was guaranteed to destroy the Democrats
does everybody know
that the the natural progression on
paper is that it destroys itself it's a
self-destroying
philosophy because on day one you say
all right uh I'm a woman and you're
black and we're both Democrats how about
we work together and then you say all
right what do you want well I want
abortion stuff can you back that I think
I can what do you want I want
reparations and maybe some Dei stuff can
you back that yes I can I can back that
so you got you know two different groups
let's say black Americans and and
women and if there's only two of them
they could probably figure out how to
get something but then you find well but
they're also black people who are women
and so you got the intersectionality and
then you got your LGBT cues and you got
your everything else and the next thing
you know you're fighting with each other
because if you're fighting for let's say
what the Hispanic population is getting
as they come into this country then the
black Americans say wait a minute this
Democrat Party is where people like me
are supposed to get more stuff why are
you giving it to somebody else well
we're very diverse we like the diversity
don't we so the natural way that the uh
identity politics was going to go is
that if you're thinking about
yourself you're going to be unhappy and
unsuccessful have you heard all the
science that says that the longer you
think about yourself the unhappier you
are now relate that to Identity
politics just think about that when I
when I walk into a public place I think
I'm in America with
Americans so I feel like I everywhere
I'm in America and I'm surrounded by
Americans oh I belong here now suppose
you identity person you walk into a
crowd and you say I'm gay most of these
people are not gay I don't know if I fit
so you would be thinking about yourself
but I wouldn't be there's nothing to
think about I'd be just shopping so I'd
be happy because the the mental health
people tell us and this is one of the
most consistent findings everybody
agrees with this the more time you think
about yourself the unhappier you are
that's very clear science at this point
the more you're thinking about external
things and what you're doing in the
external world the happier you
are identity is about thinking about
yourself it's like an intense intense
thinking about how you're different or
in this case also similar to the
subgroup so if you if you build a
movement around identity
it's first of all going to Splinter
until they're fighting with each other
which is exactly what you're watching
and that's that's 100%
predictable it's 100% predictable that
if identity is your main thing you're
going for you'll eventually have
factions that are fighting each other
within your movement that there's no way
to avoid that so sure enough the
progressives are at odds with the
normies within the Democrat Party
exactly as you'd imagine the black
Americans some of them are moving to the
Republicans because they don't think
that the immigrants coming in or you
know they think they're being treated
too well compared to the citizens so
there's no way that identity politics
could have worked as a movement but on
top of that it guarantees bad mental
health because if you walk into a crowd
and say you're American I'm American
we're all
great you're not thinking about
yourself if you walk in and say oh my
God they're all I think I'm surrounded
by
Republicans surrounded by Republicans
you're going to be
sad so it's as simple as that identity
will destroy your organization
guaranteed over time and it will make
you sad
guaranteed if you say let's make America
great again who are you thinking about
you're thinking about the
country it it's literally a framing that
makes your mental health
better right when you think about making
the country great you're outside of your
body you're like oh let's let's fix this
thing over here let's let's solve this
war over here let's fix this inflation
they're all outside my body but as soon
as you say it's about whether you're
black or Indian let's work that out well
it's all about you then it's an entirely
internal process and you're going to be
sad well Trump's performance of course
has shown that the identity approach
didn't work uh uh even so CNN's
reporting that Trump's performance was
the best among young people 18 to 29
it's the best in 20 years uh for black
voters it's the best in 48 years for a
republican for a republican this is and
for Hispanic voters it's the best in
more than 50
years to me those are all the people who
are who are rejecting identity politics
in favor of a more of a Unity American
message so Trump's make America a great
again message beats
identity really every time in the long
run well how are things going to go
according to Kathy Wood who runs Arc
Investments one one of the ones you hear
about in the news a lot she thinks the
Trump era might spark an innovation boom
she sees a quote golden age she uses the
phrase golden age uh for active
investing under Trump now uh she thinks
it's going to benefit AI digital assets
and Healthcare I don't know about
Healthcare but maybe
um pretty much
everybody that I trust for predicting
the future of the E the economy says
that Trump's going to be good for it the
stock market is speaking obviously stock
markets up krypto's up um I don't think
like
I don't know if I've ever felt this much
optimism in my
life I can't remember it it seems like
we went through a really bad period for
several years you know the pandemic and
everything else and that somehow
everything seems to be lined up
positively you know even we have a
chance of reducing our debt with the the
Elon Musk attack on the oversized
government
so according to Seiki Chen I don't know
if I'm pronouncing his name right Si iqi
would you call that
Seiki anyway he's uh talks about Ai and
technology stuff on X and he he's saying
next year feels like it will be the best
year in history to be in Tech as a
Founder employee investor or
anything the best year in history to be
in Tech
now when have you ever heard stuff like
that when have you ever heard like a a
serious investor say we're we might be
entering a golden age and then a serious
technology commenter saying it might be
the best year in history to be in Tech
in
history the best year in history and you
know what's weird I think he's right I
think it might be the best year in
history it might be amazing uh Trum got
a video I don't know when he did it but
he's pushing uh flying
cars and specifically he says that you
know China and other countries are
developing personal flying cars and he
wants our industry to lead that and I
agree the flying cars depend entirely
upon uh the battery capacity everything
else is
solved uh and the battery capacity is I
think solved now I think that could you
can get a a decent ride of a an electric
tiny airplane now so uh Trump wants to
make sure that the R&D for that is a
write off that feels like a good idea
whole new industry that could drive
things of course we got the robots we
got the AI we got the
crypto is there any reason your robot
can't spend crypto on your
behalf I haven't seen this for sure but
I understand there's a debit or a credit
card maybe both in which uh if you have
crypto but somebody wants to be paid in
cash you can use your crypto and it goes
through your debit card thing and it
turns into cash so that the recipient
just gets cash but you paid it in crypto
and it translated through the
card now if you have
that don't you just need to give your
robot your wallet
credentials and then the robot can go
out and shop for
you right the robot could go to the
grocery store and the self- drive car it
could stand in line with its groceries
and it could put in its little debit
card and well I suppose it could have
used your credit card too so if if
nobody's checking it but yeah robots can
pay in
crypto um Chris Wallace is quitting CNN
to become a podcaster now this is
interesting in a few ways it's
interesting because he used to work at
Fox and it's interesting because a lot
of you like to criticize him and it's
interesting because his you know Dad was
famous as well but here's what's
interesting to me he's 77 years
old he's 77 and he's decided to change
careers and and embark on something
completely
new I love that I love the fact that he
he's like pushing 80 and he's thinking
in terms of a career
change like if you're 77 aren't you
thinking in terms of retiring he's
thinking no I think i' get into this new
thing podcasting so again is this the
Trump effect I is everybody just feeling
like the future is better than the past
like even Chris Wallace like hey I'm GNA
get out of this dying media industry and
get into this new Joe Rogan thing by the
way there's a a very cool video of Tom
Green do you remember comedian Tom Green
hasn't been around much lately but he's
the one who apparently started
podcasting Tom Green made a little TV
show or maybe it was only on the
internet in which he would have a guest
and it wasn't part of any big Network or
anything it was just a thing he was
doing and it shows a video where he had
uh Joe Rogan on and Joe couldn't stop um
raving about how cool it was to have
this you know non Network little
podcasting thing and that probably
created Created pod podcasting you know
that one experience is probably the
reason that Joe Rogan exists as a
podcaster
anyway um according to end wokeness I
saw some others the ratings for MSNBC
have collapsed so just because you enjoy
this kind of content I'm going to give
you the names of the hosts and how much
their shows are down just since the
election Joy Reid her audience is down
55%
55% Ari melbour 50% Chris a 47 Alex
Wagner 54 boring Joe for 40 Stephanie
rule 6
67 her audience went down
67% Andrea Mitchell down
40% but here's the
punchline
um it's the first time the MSNBC beat
CNN um on the election night
coverage so for election night coverage
MSNBC beat CNN and uh they're probably
pretty happy about
that except um there's something that
maybe they are not aware of or decided
not to
mention uh is MSNBC not aware that a lot
of their viewership is Republic public
an who were tuned in to watch them
cry like actually literally tuned in to
watch them cry and the reason I didn't
watch CNN as much is that CNN had
drifted a little bit toward the middle
and I thought that CNN would probably
you know be a little depressed but act
professionally which they did CNN didn't
have any meltdowns at all I don't think
MSNBC it's sure did were they
entertaining yes are they still
entertaining yes
would I like to see more of it
yes it's been a week now and I'm not
even a little bit tired of
it I I know I'll get tired of winning
but hasn't kicked in
yet so uh some more
dunking oh so CNN's numberers also down
let's say
yeah uh 40% year-over-year for CNN fall
oh my God yeah they're they're just
dying now this is proof isn't it that
the traditional Media news is dead right
msnbc's ratings are down CNN's so that
would prove that uh that the TV news
business is is just dead
except Fox News averaged 2.6 million
viewers and a 60% increase from
2023 Fox News is killing it
so maybe the problem with MSNBC and CNN
is not
structural n maybe it's not
structural what do I always say about
Fox News let's see let's see how many
times I've said it if you can repeat it
back to me what do I always say about
Fox News that makes a
unique among the other news besides the
obvious leaning conservative there's
something else about
them and I say it all the time they're
better produced they're just better
produced they have better
talent and they have better shows that
are just designed better on paper and
they operate better in reality so it
turns out that if you execute and you've
got great hosts and you have great
content and you have great
producers then there's not so much of a
structural problem with the news
businesses there MSNBC and CNN have to
deal with the fact that they put clowns
on
there they turned their show into a
clown show whereas um Fox News still
does a great job of separating the
opinion people from the news people and
that probably has a lot to do with why
they get more even Democrat viewers than
you would expect it's just a higher
quality operation
all right here's my favorite we're going
into why the Democrats lost and as you
know everybody's got their pet opinion
and they're all
right literally everything was worse
about the Democrats which I love saying
they had a worse candidate a worse
campaign a worse situation because of
the switching out of one over the other
a worse
policies worse
everything like actually everything
Trump even had better
supporters
right if you look at the people who
joined the the Trump pirate ship just
better supporters he had better
everything so we shouldn't be too
surprised that the team that did
everything better than the other team
you know e down a victory it was just
better in every possible way you know
there was just nothing that
compared according to the uh Free Press
is Peter
sodnik and he was explaining why in his
opinion the Democrats blew it he said
quote they didn't lose because they
failed to TRW down enough celebrity
influencers they lost because they were
consumed by their own self- flattery
their own self their own sense of
self-importance they should have spent
the past eight years learning from the
Republicans very honest a flawed
conversation about the plight of America
but they insisted on talking to
themselves about the things that made
them feel morally
Superior now of all the explanations
I've heard that they try to give you
sort of a summary of what went wrong
that's pretty good now it's not complete
like I said if one if one side does
everything right you know including
surviving an assassination attempt and
the other side does everything wrong
including picking wals for Vice
president of course it should go this
way but it is also true that uh the
Democrats did seem to focus on self-
flattery and the Republicans did seem to
focus on the plight of
America do you see the uh
pattern let's put it in other words that
will now sound familiar from this live
stream so according to U Peter sodnik of
the Free Press the uh the Democrats were
focused on
themselves they were focused about their
own feelings and their moral superiority
they were thinking about themselves
which makes you sad and also not very
effective the Republicans were thinking
about the plight of America and as uh
Peter says even if flawed which by the
way I appreciate that framing nobody's
perfect so if you put in a you know
including flaws I always accept that
because everybody has some so he didn't
he didn't need to like take a dump on
the
Republicans so he just said you know
nothing's perfect but they were
concentrated on the plight of Americans
so once again Republicans were thinking
about the country externally and they
were happy
Warriors Happiness is when you don't
dwell on your own thoughts Democrats
were focusing on their moral superiority
and you know feeling like they're better
than you that's an internal feeling and
uh they're sad and in
effective on paper this is exactly what
should have
happened so again if you had come to me
with the design hey we're going to we're
going to move our political party toward
identity I could have told you well on
paper that fails every time there's only
one way identity goes It goes to failure
and if if you had told me that one side
was going to be thinking about the
country and the other side was going to
be thinking about their own feelings
again on paper I could have told you
where that ends up right design is
Destiny the design was right here it was
right in front of us the whole time you
had to wait for it like it wasn't the
same day you had to wait for an entire
term presidential term of four
years but here it
is now but the best is James Carville
now when I was listening to James
Carville before the election I kept
saying to myself you know he's a
fascinating character and you know that
there's plenty to say about him he's
just perpetually interesting and I
thought he was also probably correct in
all of his recommendations about what
the Democrat should
do but I was uh most I think I was most
amused by how ignored he was now in the
end it looks like they did accept his
idea to call Madison Square Garden a
Nazi event but that was his worst idea
that was a terrible idea it probably
probably was his worst idea of all time
but uh here's what Carville says uh he
he's saying we told you but I think he
got it wrong on the Madison Square
Garden thing so he didn't have a full
win because quote we told you this
identity was disaster he did right
he warned them the identity thing will
sink you on paper it's it's a loser on
paper and sure enough he can see it I
can see it you can see it he says uh we
have no legislative power we have no
executive power we have no judicial
power so when you're out of power you're
an opposition party and uh go and tell
all the people that are sending you and
asking you for money to justify what you
did justify what you did wrong and tell
us you're going to do different so he's
basically saying that the the people who
donated to the Democrats should be mad
and I believe they probably are because
it looks like they wasted their money
and then he continued what uh what
you've done ain't worth a get your
head around that and all the Washington
based Democrats farting around going to
wine and cheese parties and talking
about how misogynistic the race is get
your ass out of Washington and go to
work for a 2026 campaign and two penants
to make up for your GD arrogance and
stupidity so he's calling his own party
arrogant and
stupid is he
wrong well obviously they're not all
arrogant and stupid as any large group
does not equal any particular two-word
description but um certainly the people
in charge acted that
way
um he says we're going we're going to
say we told you so we told you this
identity was disaster we told you
to get out in front of the public safety
ISS isues you didn't Public Safety being
crime in the um in the Border we told
you to have an open process and
demonstrate the Magnificent and
staggering and deep talent that exists
in the modern democratic party
okay
really is is there magnificent and
staggering deep talent in the modern
democratic
party
and they were all
hiding they were were they say sick that
day and for
example can you give me an example of
one of the Magnificent people that we've
overlooked all right well we're give him
that
but he said to we told you to
differentiate yourself from Biden you
didn't yes um he says I hate to be some
effing know- it all but all these things
are part of the record
and then he also pointed to kamla being
on The View where she couldn't think of
a single thing to say why she would do
different from Biden but but listen how
listen how Carville uh talks about kamla
not being able to answer that question
on The View he says we got effed because
the single money question the single
thing that it boils down to is what
would you do different that was the
fattest softest pitch you could possibly
get but you missed it I mean you didn't
just miss it you missed it by four
feet yeah she missed it by four
feet so now that the Democrats have
proven to be incompetent and
self-absorbed and uh not very useful for
the country you'll be delighted to know
that Elizabeth Warren Warren is trying
to get 40 judges approved by Biden
before the term is
over can you imagine 40 judges that have
this point of view being stuffed into
our system that ain't good let let let
me uh see how this looks on paper H
let's
see the political philosophy that is now
so completely destroyed that their party
has lost every sense of
power but they could do this weasly
thing where they get 40 of 40 of their
judges approved again the judges would
be part of this group that lost every
other part of power because they were so
bad Phil philosophically as well as
execution wise yeah that's uh that's not
going to
work but we'll see if they get away with
it um as you know Elon Musk has a a pack
that supports Trump so he can put a lot
of money into it and then the money goes
to support the
campaign and uh apparently according to
to um Elon he's going to keep it open
even though the race is over because
he's going to keep it over to fight
soros's efforts around the country where
he's going to um keep grinding he says
increasing Republican registrations in
key districts in preparation for special
elections and midterms and
primaries so where George Soros has
figured out that smallish amounts of
money in cities for example can get you
people people in charge let's say
attorney generals and Mayors and stuff
like that that can make a big difference
it looks like musk is just going to try
to try to meet him in the middle and
take away that
Advantage now he doesn't say about
uh he's not saying it that directly but
we know that musk is anti- Soros and we
know that Soros is the big distorting
factor in the Democrats so it could be
that musk is just going to see his bluff
and call it you just spend as much as he
is to to erase his uh erase his
Advantage anyway uh so let's talk about
some of the uh
appointees uh Tom homman for uh you'll
be the borders are I guess we can really
call them the borders or and did you
know that uh I think Obama deported four
or five million
people so when we talk about the mass
deportations it it's fun to start with
you
know Obama did four or five million and
that's actually more than either uh
Trump or Biden Trump and Biden were
about tie for for having one term if
they had both done two terms it would
have been closer to Obama's number
but um so as Scott Jennings and I think
Tom homman said this also that there are
1.8 million people who came here legally
meaning that they came through to the
Asylum doorway that was legal and then
they were uh their their time came to be
judged whether Asylum makes sense for
them and it was judged in 1.8 million
cases to not be appropriate so they're
1.8 million people who did come here
legally because Asylum is a legal
process but now they're not legal
because they failed in their Asylum
claims
so um I would be concerned about long
they've been
here so I'm trying to balance two things
one is that that we should have empathy
and the immigration needs to be it needs
to continue being a you know a real
vital part of our country can't close it
down obviously
but um you can't have it go
wild so here's the situation that makes
the most sense to me that the way our
officials talk about it should be ex
but the way we treat it should be
more um
Discerning does that make sense so this
is one of those cases where the way you
talk about it should not match the way
you're acting normally I'd say that's a
minimum requirement for anybody who's in
charge you got to say the things you're
going to do and then do the things
you're going to say this is one of those
cases where you shouldn't you you should
talk in the maximum aggressive terms to
to make sure or fewer people come in
because they won't think they can stay
but then when you actually do
it you should start with the
criminals and then secondly this 1.8
million people the courts have ordered
out I feel like I'd take a look at them
a little more
granularly because I don't feel
completely comfortable kicking somebody
out who has you know had three kids
since then and they're working a job and
paying
taxes do you really want to kick them
out
what are you getting for
that what's your benefit there's a
company that doesn't have an employee
there's a family that's
dislocated where's the upside if you can
close the border for me and you can get
rid of the criminals then I can get real
empathetic for people who are
contributing if you're
contributing I'm okay if the language is
tougher than the actions
and I think everybody is honestly I
nobody wants to say this sound loud but
I think most of us fall into the
category of you have to say whatever you
need to say to you know stop the
bleeding but then after you stop the
bleeding you got a little time right
then then maybe look at it a little bit
more
closely that's what would make me
happy uh apparently Trump is going to
name cash Patel as CIA director I don't
I know if that's official some of the
news might be
premature do you think cash Patel is
actually going to be named CIA
director um he seems to be somebody who
is very
much I would trust to be on Trump's side
and he's going to need that in the CIA
so there are a few jobs here where I
would put the
trust above
experience not normally normally I'd put
the experience because trust isn't
usually an issue but we have such a
severe trust problem that we think the
parts of the government might be trying
to kill Trump that for the entities that
are the most critical to the risk of the
chief executive I want a
loyalist give me a loyalist so if cash
Patel is a uh smart capable loyalist I'm
going to care a lot less about whether
he's had 26 years in intelligence
services or something like
that so I'm I'm feeling positive about
that
one apparently chrisy gome is going to
be nominated as Homeland
Security head how do you feel about that
one Christy gnome for Homeland Security
um I'll give you my first impressions
then my subsequent Impressions first
impression is wait a minute what
background or qualification does she
have for one of the toughest jobs in the
country so I'm not sure that she
qualifies on
experience um and they say hm what's up
with that
um so um and it has to be confirmed so
we don't know if it'll happen um but did
you know that Homeland Security includes
management of the Secret
Service
H hm
who would you want in charge of Homeland
Security if you knew they were in charge
of the Secret
Service
again I would not normally say this is a
good idea but in this very specific case
where Trump is at he's at risk of being
killed by insiders I want a loyalist in
charge of the Secret
Service that's what I want now I don't
think we have to worry about experience
too much cuz she'll be surrounded by
experienced people all over the
place and uh not worried about that but
but as Michael shellenberger pointed out
on G geld um the Department of Homeland
Security was part of the massive
censorship
effort so you don't really need
U you know if you're part of the
censorship effort you don't have to be
like an experienced Homeland Security
person to to say stop that
let's not be part of the you know
misinformation censorship stuff so I
think there are a lot of things that are
sort of so common sensical like yes we
should close the border no we shouldn't
be censoring
speech uh yes maybe we need to look into
the Secret Service and what happened
with the Trump attempted assassinations
so I think these all are things which
are handleable by an ordinary smart
capable person now what else it does
well we'll get to
that so I don't
know uh but it but the fact that it
includes the secret service so if I were
if I were going to name loyalists who
you could say for sure would be Pro
Trump you know to the death probably
cash Patel and chrisy gnome would be in
my top
20 so I'm not going to complain about
loyalists in either of those jobs
because I think that was a requirement
in this
case um there's talk that Marco Rubio
will be nominated as secretary of state
has that happened yet has Marco Rubio
been nominated or is that just the
internet talk but he's tough on China
and Iran but some say he's a neocon who
likes War too much um and of course
Rubio and Trump have had their history
running against each other I think we
could ignore all that like I'm not
interested in what they said about each
other when they were on the opposite
side running running
um but here's another thing that
happens if Marco
Rubio becomes a secretary of
state um what are you going to do for
senators in in Florida doesn't that mean
that uh that disantis can select the
interim
Senator and do you think there's a good
chance that that might
be uh Matt
Gates so is this a way to promote Matt
gates to
Senate
because it looks like it could go that
way so it makes me wonder if Trump's
getting a twofer on
this um that Marco R Rubio makes some
people comfortable Maybe needed to make
some people in in the military
industrial complex a little bit more
comfortable and at the same time it
allows his one of his closest allies to
get a leg
up maybe so may maybe it's a twofer uh I
don't have an opinion plus or minus on
Marco Rubio I did see some smart people
Adam Townsen for example saying that
getting somebody in there who's a hawk
on China and Iran makes sense
that makes sense to me too so I'm going
to be open-minded on Rubio I did see
lots of conservatives complaining about
things he has done or things he might do
and that's fair I I don't mind seeing a
good conversation about
it but uh I'm open-minded on Rubio I'm
open-minded on
him
um the other thing that uh the new
borders are Tom homman said is that uh
he's to do the deportations whether the
sanctuary cities like New York want to
cooperate or
not he just says it's it's not up to
you now I don't know what that looks
like do you think that could ever turn
into an armed
confrontation where the where the local
officials you know put their hands on
their guns and say hey our local law
says you can't take them and then the
homeland security have their hands on
their guns and they say we're the
federal government and we can't take
them what happens then I don't know I
don't know now I don't think it'll come
to gunfire but uh I do like the fact
that homman talks about it this way like
no I have a job I'm going to go do that
job you're not going to stop me from
doing it I just like I like the
attitude apparently Trump's naming uh
representative Lee zeldon to lead the
EPA um that would
uh I only have positive things to say
about Lee Eldon I don't know if it makes
sense for him to be head of the EPA but
these
political uh appointments aren't always
about the experience so he does have the
right uh he has the right Republican
approach to the topic that you don't
want to starve your
industry on every decision so that looks
positive that would make my stock go up
so you know theoretically
and step Miller is going to be the
deputy chief of policy I don't know
exactly how How Deeply that job goes
into all the other categories but Steven
Miller seems like he's he's earned his
uh place at the
table and uh also Michael Michael
schelberg is talking about
Australia um and their prime
minister is a I think he's part of this
Global censorship thing where the
countryes side the United States are
trying to censor platforms which operate
in the United States which would put
foreign countries in charge of our free
speech in other words the the mechanism
for free speech in the United States
primarily social media could be
crippled by being made illegal or lawf
fared in other countries such as
Australia
now I am such a free speech guy that
that's a red line if Australia is going
to work against free speech in the
United States you can defend
yourself you you're you're not NATO
anymore if you're against free speech in
America you know I and I know like how
dangerous that would be for the world
but no that's a red line if you're
saying to me but but but Scott you've
got to work with Australia to to uh you
know keep China from being too
aggressive over there I say to you nope
I'll take my free speech
nope nope if if I if I have to give up
the South China Sea and half of the
world to keep my free speech yep just so
you're clear Australia you're on your
own right you don't get to take that
from us if if you think that we're going
to call your bluff and like oh we'll
roll over you can censor our internal
speech in America nope hard no not
negotiable if you're going to if you
going to try to curb speech in
America I think we should remove all
military um
cooperation because you're either on our
side on Free Speech or you're not and
there's no gray area there
sorry so Australia I consider you not an
ally same with Great Britain at the
moment i' would love it if you could
correct that and we could be good
friends again but I don't consider Great
Britain an ally at the moment or
Australia because of their uh their
their pressure on Free Speech in America
and that ladies and gentlemen is what I
had for prepared comments I'm sure you
would agree it was the best time you've
had this morning the day is Young could
get even better but as we see there is
some kind of animal spirit at work here
have you
noticed the that the the the animal
spirits is sort of a word that use in
economic
that people just feel a certain way and
when they feel a certain way they're
likely to act a certain
way and uh that's usually good for
investment and good for the economy so I
would agree with whoever says we've
never had a better looking Launchpad
than this it looks better than anything
I've ever seen um I've never seen
anything that looked as positive
honestly I've never seen
America look like it has such a
good future as right now now lots of
problems a lot of stuff to fix but
almost everything that is a problem also
has something that looks like a solution
that's already forming around it from
the national debt to you know war in
Ukraine you you can you can see and
describe the solution to all of them now
oh Elon Musk helps get our debt down or
our expenses down got it re-engineer the
government
uh Trump works with Russia and Ukraine
to end the war got it uh Trump and his
team work in the Middle East to get
something that looks like a two-state
solution but is not really a two-state
solution so that Israel can accept it
got it right you you can almost explain
how everything will get fixed that's new
I mean usually it's like we have this
problem and nobody's working on it but
now we have problems and exactly the
right people working on it you got RFK
Jr looking at the food supply oh my
God that's like so good so good I mean
it's beyond
good all right well that's all the good
news I got for you
today yeah I think X is now back online
in Brazil as well Brazil finally caved
on the X
thing
um all right uh I'm going to talk to the
uh locals subscribers privately here but
uh you on YouTube and Rumble and X
thanks for joining I will see you
tomorrow morning same time same place
just keeps getting
better bye for now everybody except
for
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e e