jumpin pumpkin tintin tintin tintin
tintin papa papa
hey everybody come on in here Joe and
mashin and Andrew I see you grab his
seat in the front we're waiting for
everybody else to sit down before we get
into our fascinating fascinating
periscope of the day more fascinating
than ever before or not we'll see we'll
see how this develops a reminder if you
don't catch this live it is available to
see on periscope in a replay but also on
YouTube so if you prefer the YouTube
experience just do a search for the
phrase real coffee with Scott Adams and
I'll pop up on YouTube where it's also
monetized so I've got that advantage all
right so enough about that so yesterday
I had a real experience of that Devon
newness retweeting my periscope /youtube
from yesterday the one he retweeted was
the one which I described how to
identify fake news which was kind of
cool because if you think about it
Devon newness is probably most famous
for being the person who dug into this
whole Russia collusion fake news stuff
so he's sort of the probably the most
famous fake news exposure in the world
and he he retweeted my video on that
topic so that was kind of cool in other
famous people news I checked my
Wikipedia page to see see if there were
these surprises there and there are well
I'm gonna go over to myself and tell you
I think it's probably been removed too
by now but at one point you said that I
was good friends with Bob Dole I've
never met Bob Dole but if you if you
went to my Wikipedia page it would say
you know I think I said that citation
needed meaning that there was no
source warrant of course but there was a
sentence on my Wikipedia page saying
that Bob Dole and I were good friends
never met him but there's also there's
an award on here it says Adams is a
member of the International Academy of
Digital Arts and Sciences so that's
that's the first sentence under my
personal life on Wikipedia is that I'm a
member of the International Academy of
Digital Arts and Sciences I don't even
know what that is
I've never heard of it is there
something called the International
Academy of Digital Arts and Sciences
apparently I'm the member never heard of
it says a former member of Mensa that
part is true there's some stuff about my
health problems blah blah blah blah and
all right so I'm not gonna read the rest
of that but I think the rest of it's
closer to true right some other things
that are fun you know about the GoFundMe
campaign for building the wall so it was
a private GoFundMe people donated they
raised twenty million dollars and
they're actually building some wall
so the private people found a a piece of
wall or a piece of no wall where they
want to build that apparently connects
two pieces of existing fence / wall so
they figured if they just do this part
the several however many miles in is
that they'll they'll have a longer
continuous wall who should make a big
difference now I don't know don't know
if that's gonna work or not
we'll see all right you came in for the
coffee or the coffee as some of you say
I know it's time raise your glass your
mug you cup could be a chalice first
time could be a tankard may be a thermos
baby flask fill it with your favorite
liquid I like coffee
and join me now for the simultaneous sip
wasn't it better because I made you wait
you know it was come on you know it was
one of the secrets to addiction is a non
predictability you would actually be
more addicted this is actually science
you would be more addicted to the
simultaneous sip if I didn't do it every
time because you'd be upset because the
times it didn't happen you'd be looking
forward to it
and you actually reinforce your
addiction circuitry if it's
unpredictable
so I like to keep it predictable though
just so you can plan your work out by
the way this is the ideal periscope or
YouTube - depending where you're
watching it for working out it's just
the right length so think about that all
right
here's more fun there is now a drone
bullet they call it a bullets but I'm
not sure that I would call it that so
it's a little bullet shaped drone that
can I guess has 20 minutes of hover time
and twelve minutes of flight time so you
can basically send this one-way trip
drone bullet over your destination you
could have it hover there for several
minutes while you're deciding whether to
kill what sever whatever is below it and
then you just drop it now now that
that's possible how many of them are you
gonna see you're gonna see a lot of them
now I wrote a book many of you know
called the religion of war I wrote it 15
years ago or some long time ago and it
predicted this day this day when the bad
people will be able to send small drones
anywhere they want to kill anything
that's outdoors so much so that I
speculated that these drones would
actually be able to go through a doorway
in other words a proper drone like this
this bullet drone could actually hover
outside a pub
building and wait for somebody to open
the door and they could follow them in
it could actually exact it
the drone could actually internally go
down hallways and find some of these
office there's nothing that would stop
it because once it's in you know people
in the in an office don't have guns or
anything so if a drone gets him into an
office building what are you gonna do I
mean nobody's gonna stop it with their
hand because it's probably got
propellers and stuff so all I would have
to do is is tailgate somebody into a
building and it could it could hunt
somebody in a cubicle and kill them in
their cubicle you could SWAT it but I
don't think you would because you would
just be walking down the hall at work
and you'd hear a noise and you turn
around and go home
so I don't think anybody could stop it
once it got inside so that's something
to look forward to the things I've
predicted are that number one unless we
develop some kind of real counter drones
which is possible I think a bunch of
drones that fight other drones but even
then there's a number problem because if
you have counter drones you only need
one extra drone that you know so that
you're outnumbered so it's going to be
probably the end of outdoor activities
when I say outdoor activities I mean
group activities so I think that's
common but I also think that the only
defense is a complete and total lack of
privacy in other words the government
would not be able to keep its citizens
safe without having total information
about every human who steps foot on this
country and I think that's where we're
heading and of course you can't get
there unless you can also control your
border so when you're looking at this
drone problem know that the only way to
stop them is you know somebody said EMP
we're not going to do that on the
homeland the only way to stop them is to
have complete and total lack of privacy
of all human beings alive on the
homeland short of that
there's nothing that's going to stop it
and the only way you can have complete
and total information about citizens
among other things is to stop all
illegal immigration completely you'd
have to you'd have to bring it down to
almost zero to stop the drone a problem
alone so that's what's happening and I
think you will see a complete and total
lack of human privacy and you'll be glad
you got it because the alternative will
be worse all right now oh and if you're
afraid that these complete and total
lack of of privacy is going to lead to a
dictatorship well maybe but if we have
if we have the information about the
leaders themselves if they are also
completely transparent it's not as
dangerous is it the real problem with
privacy is if some people have it and
some people don't because the people who
have the privacy will have a gigantic
advantage over the people who have no
privacy because you could send them to
jail anytime you want well you have no
privacy I can find something you're
doing but the people who still have
privacy would be protected so your most
dangerous situation for privacy is some
have it in some don't that's terrible
but if you get to a point where nobody
has it the the police don't have it the
government doesn't have it nobody has it
and we can all find out anything we want
about anybody then it's harder for
people to abuse you because it would be
so obvious and somebody would respond
and you couldn't get away with anything
you might not want to live in that world
but that's probably where we're having
all right let's talk about the it was a
story that said there were three
different prediction models that say the
president Trump will win easily in 2020
so three different models and I think
they look at things such as the
economy's doing well and inflation is
low so they're looking at these external
markers that have always been very
accurate in determining who is going to
get elected
but we didn't see too many prediction
models work in 2016
some did but mostly the prediction
models did not work in 2016 what would
make them work in 2020 why would we
trust any prediction models after living
through 2016 well I would say we
shouldn't because there's something
about this president that's not like any
other president and there probably every
rule that used to exist
it just doesn't count anymore so I'm
gonna I'm going to give you two
different prediction models number one
I've already mentioned this prediction
model says that social media learned
it's lesson in 2016 they learned how
powerful they are they've had four years
to improve their their effectiveness and
that the people running these social
media companies primarily the people who
are closest to the algorithm this does
not mean the CEOs so what I talked about
social media manipulating results in the
election I'm not talking about the top
person in the company giving an order to
the underlings to do this
I think that's unlikely to be true
because the people who are at the top I
have way too much to lose because you
know they they have good lives they
don't want to throw it away
committing something so stupid they
would be of course ratted out there's no
way that a CEO or social media company
could give an order to put their finger
on the you know on the scales and hope
that that wouldn't get out someday too
many people who would know about the
order it would be effectively handing
over your entire life to somebody else
let me put this in a in in a word
picture you're Mark Zuckerberg
and let's say I don't believe this is
the case so I'm not I do not believe
that Mark Zuckerberg thinks the way I'm
going to explain but imagine if he did
if he thought hey I want to influence
this election however I want to
influence it imagine him calling
somebody and
to his office and underling and saying
hey I want to put my finger on the scale
of this election so why don't you go do
it you know do what you need to do to
the algorithm to make this happen at
that moment the underling owns Mark
Zuckerberg Mark Zuckerberg would be
giving away all of his power because the
person who knows that he ordered them to
change the election could just go to the
media that person would own Mark
Zuckerberg not just that day and not
just during that election year but
forever Mark Zuckerberg job would depend
on the loyalty and keeping happy the one
person he ordered to go change the
algorithm so in my opinion the Jack
Dorsey's the Mark Zuckerberg the this
sundar who am i pronouncing his name
wrong I can never pronounce Google's CEO
I don't believe any of them are giving
an order to an underling to say go do
this I think that's the least likely
thing that's happening the most likely
thing is that lots of people are
involved in lots of individual decisions
that somehow feed into this large
algorithm monster it's lots of people
with lots of lots of you know different
theories on how to change the algorithm
for a lot of good reasons you know
things that would help the consumer etc
there is probably a handful of people at
least in each of these companies that
know that if they choose this this
choice they get a certain set of
outcomes and if they choose this other
choice for the variables or the code in
the algorithm they'll get a slightly
different choice different outcome I
believe that those people could both
consciously and or unconsciously
influence the election fairly fairly
simply just by changing a variable and
knowing how that would how that would
ripple through the system
so we've got one theory one prediction
model says that social media of course
has the ability to influence the
election you know I'll say more about
that in a minute they have the ability
they've had years to perfect it and they
have the they have the motivation so if
nothing changes social media will decide
who is the president that's the first
model so I provocatively made that
assessment which I won't call a
prediction because it's a straight line
prediction and those are observed a
straight line prediction says suppose
nothing changed between now and 2020
this is what it would look like and what
it would look like is that Trump would
not win because the social media
companies have the will the power of the
ability to influence things than they
could cause that not to happen but what
are the odds that nothing changes
between now and 2020 that would change
the balance of the votes very low the
odds are very high that something would
change so here's the other prediction
model it's called the Adams law of
slow-moving disasters it's the most
reliable law you will ever see in terms
of predicting it has predicted every the
outcome of every disaster we've ever
encountered in in terms of disasters
that we saw coming for a long time
so the way the Adams law of slow-moving
disasters works is if everybody can see
a problem coming and we've got lots of
time to get to get a solution and and we
know exactly what the problem is even if
we don't know how to solve it on day one
where we're really good at figuring out
how to deal with it over the long run so
because we are very alerted to the fact
that the social media companies can put
their thumb on the scale we also have
two years to do something about it so
what are the odds that either the voters
or some individual or saw
inventor or somebody in the social media
companies themselves it could actually
be one of the CEOs of the social media
companies could do something different
than what we expect what if the
government decides to do some small form
of regulation that just gets to this
question and that's all suppose the
government and I'm not proposing this
I'm just allowing you to imagine things
suppose the government said well we
don't have enough time to put together a
comprehensive regulatory framework but
we're going to because the election is
so important and we might have Russian
interference we might have a variety of
different interferences I'm going to
apply I'm going to appoint a special
judge for the algorithms now is that
legal
I don't know but imagine that we could
do something like that some way we could
probably figure out how to make it legal
if it's not legal so it'd be a special
judge sort of like a special prosecutor
type person who is the only person who's
allowed with that person's small staff
they're the only ones who are allowed to
see the algorithms of all the major
players so that they would have complete
freedom to go in and look at any kind of
confidential documentation now that
would be that would very a very special
type of oversight there we'll be living
it to the election so it wouldn't be the
big oversight where they're making sure
every person is treated the same and
every business has has visibility and
there's no censorship and stuff like
that I'm not talking about that stuff
that stuff might also have to happen but
you probably need some judge and a small
group of people who just have access and
full visibility to the algorithms and
what it all means now it could be those
two qapla games it might be that it's
just so complicated that you can't even
get anybody who could understand it I
think that's possible but the larger pic
the larger idea is this if nothing
changes the social media companies will
determine the election and I'm going to
say a little more of that but we have a
few years
to come up with a solution that nobody's
thought of I haven't thought of you
haven't thought of there's probably a
solution and it may have nothing to do
with the algorithms it could it could be
some entirely you know different
mechanism so a lot of creativity will go
into it everybody sees this as a problem
I think it will be solved
now somebody said to me actually several
people said to me on social media they
said to me Scott
you are overstating the effect of social
media because you're on it and you think
everybody's on it because when you're in
that world it just seems like
everybody's on Twitter and everybody's
talking about the news but the reality
is most people don't care about social
media at least in terms of following the
news most people probably don't even
follow the news
most people are sort of dialed in to
their their own world and social media
will not have that much impact to which
I say wrong as wrong as you could be I'm
saying people agreeing with that
statement in the in the comments
agreeing that social media can't
influence us that much here's why you're
wrong
certainly the news that collectively can
influence people I think you'd all agree
with that but when I say influence
people we're only talking about that
thin sliver of people who could be
influenced 98% of the country can't be
influenced 98% of the country already
know who they're gonna vote for in size
they're gonna be whoever the Democrat is
or Trump maybe 2% maybe 5% could be
moved in any direction so they're the
only ones that matter that's the first
thing to know so and beyond that it's
not even the small percentage of people
who could change their opinion in the
matter they have to be in the right
states because if they're not in the
right states moving one or two percent
in either direction doesn't make any
difference
it's still going to be the same the same
result just the margin will be a little
different but the same outcome so
there's a very very small group of
people who matter people who can be
persuaded and they're in the right half
dozen states that's it
we might be talking about 200,000 people
does that matter period that's it
200,000 people they're the only ones I
have to be influenced now the way the
news works for those of you who have
never spent time in this industry if you
don't know the business model of the
news you could be caught blindsided by
the by the importance of social media to
the news in general here's how it works
if you're a news organization you say
hey here's the news you report on the
news and then you watch social media
because social media is going to tell
you how much people care they're going
to tell you what people think about it
they're going to tell you what people
click on they're going to tell you why
headlines get the most traffic that
feedback loop goes back to the news
alright so CNN where anybody Fox News
they do a story because they found some
information that's new and relevant then
they monitor social media to decide if
they do more of it so there's no such
thing as just watching the news anymore
if you're watching the news and you have
no social media accounts you're still
watching social media because the news
is responding to social media and doing
more of what it says they need or less
of what it says they don't need now when
I say social media I mean the Internet
in general how much people are clicking
on their news sites how much traffic
Twitter is driving to their news sites
the Facebook etc so there's no such
thing as somebody who's not watching
social media because if you watch any
kind of news you're watching social
media and those few people I'm talking
about who might have some chance of
moving one way or the other far more
likely to be watching the news because
the people who are let's say data-driven
are looking for data so they're the ones
who actually care what's happening
because it might influence their
decision if you've already decided and
it doesn't matter what the news is you
don't need to watch so social media will
in fact change the news and the news
plus social media are the only things we
have to go on it's the only thing
that moves people's vote is social media
plus the news so everybody is watching
social media even if they don't have a
social media account now I'm borrowing a
bit from Vox when I when I make these
this claim
I watched a very interesting video by
some some some writer I guess some
journalist at Vox vo X not Fox
you know the Vox made a provocative but
ridiculous claim they said that Fox News
has a special place in our I guess our
idea ecosystem that is unmatched by
people on the left and their claim which
is just laughably ridiculous is that Fox
News comes up with a bunch of ridiculous
stuff and even if you don't watch fox
news the other media have to talk about
it so in other words Vox was making the
claim that even if you never have
watched Fox News in your life you're
still seeing their news on CNN and MSNBC
because they talk about Fox News so that
fox news is driving the news cycle in a
way that the left doesn't have any equal
to which I say that's the most
ridiculous thing I've ever heard now
this sounds like a video made by
somebody who doesn't own a television
because yeah obviously Fox News is just
the balance to CNN and MSNBC they're
they're just identical entities I'm on
the other side there's no difference he
came up with this this fancy theory
about some kind of a what he called the
hack gap hack meaning a news person
who's who's not really trying too hard
to cover the news but is just trying to
do their job I guess and get paid and
you see he's acting like there's there's
some kind of gap that Fox fills in that
everybody is responding to it's
ridiculous
in fact Fox News
frequently every single day let they
play clips from the competing networks
CNN and MSNBC to mock them and that's
just what CNN does they play clips from
Fox News to mock them it's the most
common thing on both networks so the
whole Vox video was so ridiculously just
transparently ridiculous that it made
you it reminds you what kind of a little
bubble people are living in that they
could even produce something like that
and that there were probably a roomful
of people who all said yeah that sounds
reasonable
yeah it's only happening on the left
yeah it only happens in one direction
that sounds quite reasonable let's make
this video uh it's mind boggling that
you could put you know several people in
a room and nobody would say arm yeah I
just got to mentioned that this looks
exactly the same in both directions does
anybody see me but that didn't happen
all right somebody told me that that
YouTube is blocking I don't have a
confirmation to this and part of the
problem is these things are hard to
confirm so we're going to come to
believe things about social media that
we can't confirm and I may be adding to
it but since my story is that things are
to confirm I think it's fair to say that
in this case so somebody told me that
YouTube is blocking people from playing
a video and I'm trying to describe this
video without getting blocked myself
let's just say there's a person whose
first name is David and his last name is
D uke so there's a video about that guy
and I'm not going to say his name and
apparently that guy in his videos says
he that he wants to clarify that he'd
never supported or endorsed president
Trump and that video apparently is
blocked on YouTube now you can't share
it or something
now it could be just the algorithm is
just picking up his name and because his
name is identified with some of the the
worst ideas in America it could be that
that's all it is so how do you know
because I already told you that my
videos that talk about a certain topic
the F I and II peop LD X H Oh a X so I
don't even use the words anymore
because I don't want to get you know D
monetized and and then become invisible
but when I made my videos on that topic
showing that the way had been covered
was fake news
they all got demonetised which means
they're less visible now let me ask you
this if that if only one thing happened
between now and 2020 what would be the
effect of the election what if the one
thing that happened and the only thing
that happened between now and 2020 is
their social media allowed the truth to
come out about the F I and II peop LD h
o ax what if social media allowed the
real story to come out that that had
always been fake news it's the single
most important piece of belief that
people have about this president it
really it really is the primary thing
they objective is that piece of fake
news then forms all their other beliefs
about it so when you talk about about
social media influencing people if you
could get that message to this thin
sliver of people who actually could
change their votes and you gave them the
real news about just that one story
nothing else let's say that everything
else in the world is the same just that
one story got debunked because it's not
true
and then everybody found out it's not
true
what would that do to the election it
would be a massive landslide for Trump
because people would really realize how
bamboozled they had been but we can
never realize that because that message
that it's a H o a X is suppressed on
social media evidently because you know
I watched my traffic traffic just fall
off a ledge when I talked about it
yesterday civil rights champion and John
Lewis who has an amazing resume for
fighting for civil rights went on TV or
said in public that he cried when Trump
said there were quote a certain type of
people who were good on both sides you
know what I'm talking about
I'm not going to use the words because
they don't get banned or or demonetised
and thankfully Joel Pollak corrected
that on Breitbart but people who support
John Lewis are not reading Breitbart so
they'll never know so there's a perfect
case where there was a fake news what
John Lewis said and then the correct
news which corrected him shows the
transcript makes it very clear that
everything you said is a lie which of
those will get noticed only one of them
right the John Lewis's statement will
get noticed because there's nothing
slowing it down the the fact correction
will be stopped in his tracks
it will stay in this little silo people
who are gonna go see that see Breitbart
anyway will see it nobody else will see
it so that little change and nothing
else would completely change the result
of the election so that's the sort of
small change that you could imagine
happening with the the Adams law of
slow-moving disasters somebody could
figure out how to get that one message
through the social media filter if
somebody could do that then it would
change the the election that's just one
way it could be changed
let's talk about Joe Biden and Oh before
I talk about that I think it's hilarious
that Alyssa Milano who is calling out
Jon Voight on social media and calling
him an F List actor and acting as though
he should not be talking about politics
things could not get any better than
that there's nothing to say about that
it's just funny that too an actor and an
actress or are calling each other
illegitimate for their political
opinions all right I have to wonder so
there was an article that I tweeted
around in which apparently I'm not the
first person to notice that Joe Biden is
invisible so Joe Biden's apparently Joe
Biden's campaign strategy is to not be
seen and not be interviewed and not get
on the news and importantly not talk
about policies too much so Biden has
decided that the citizens of this
country are so dumb and I think he's
right about this he's decided that the
citizens are so dumb
that he doesn't even need to talk about
policy so much it's like I'm not even
going to talk about policies if he talks
about policies then there are things to
criticize if he just says orange man bad
which is so far all he's saying if he
says orange man bad then people will
vote for him and apparently that's
enough to make him the front-runner so
the simulation has handed us another
little inside joke because what I hear
Biden's name be IDE and I always think
to myself Biden is he biding his time I
guess he's just biding his time he's
just waiting and that seems like his
entire campaign strategy is just I'm
just biding my time and I'm trying not
to say anything because people will yell
at me and they'll look at my record and
stuff and that can't be good so I was
trying to imagine what that conversation
was like when his advisors who I imagine
were the one
who broke it to him what happened when
the advisors for Biden were telling him
what their strategy would be I imagine
the conversation went something like
this
playing the part of Joe bard Biden's
advisor will be Dale the anti-trump
critic Oh so Joe Biden we've got to do a
new political strategy for you oh that's
great
what is it what is it uh I'll do my job
I'd an eyebrow for all what is it that's
I can't wait to hear it
well we've decided that instead of doing
interviews you will not do interviews
oh okay I got it I get it well will do
sighs the interviews so that they'll get
more attention for my rally speeches
good good that's a good strategy no no
we're also going to de-emphasize your
rally speeches okay I got it got it no
interviews no rally speeches so we're
all gonna we're gonna concentrate on the
policy I like it I like it it's gonna be
really policy centric no personality
stuff no no no no policy stuff so let's
do no interviews no no rallies and we'll
do a few just to make sure that people
know we're still running but we don't
want to get on television and stuff so
don't say anything that would be
something somebody might quote for
example and make sure that you don't
have any policies because somebody's
just gonna you know criticize that okay
I got it I got it
no interviews no won't do too many
public appearances and light on strategy
so we're gonna use my really just the
power of my charisma and my personality
to know knew I would would de-emphasize
your personality yeah it's not gonna get
you there and seeing
so somewhere there was a real-life
conversation in which somebody sat a
room with Biden and said in some kind of
words you know Joe the less of you the
voters see the more likely they are to
vote for you now I don't think I'm
making that up
was it the New York Times there was some
major publication who just wrote
essentially the same story and by the
way I would like to Pat myself on the
back here a little bit you can join me
just for watching these periscopes all
right so it's a pat on the back moment
so you get a pat in the back for
watching these periscopes i get a pat in
the back for being I believe the first
person in the country who I correctly
identified that Biden was trying to be
invisible he was intentionally staying
out of the the public eye while running
for president I was the first one and
now it's gonna be a thing there's so
there's already a story on it people are
noticing and pat yourself on the back
good job good job all right I have told
you many times that one of my let's say
techniques for understanding the world
is to consciously look for the empty
space look for the thing that isn't
happening so while everybody's looking
at the shiny objects I always say okay
you got to look at the shiny objects you
can't not look at it but sometimes spend
a little time looking for the things
that you think should have happened but
aren't because those are telling you a
lot what should have happened is you
should have seen a lot more Joe Biden in
the last several weeks I noticed hey
there's a very there's a conspicuous
lack of Joe Biden given that he's the
leading candidate now clearly that's a
decision and it's a decision by probably
lots of different people because the
news industry could do stories about Joe
Biden all day long
he doesn't Joe Biden doesn't have to
agree to participate the news can just
do stories better because there's always
something but they're not there are very
few stories about him except that he's
leading in the polls and that his
advisers could have done things you know
to give him more visibility he could
have done things so there are a lot of
people making individual decisions who
have all decided collectively apparently
yeah I'm just assuming based on the
outcome I'm not reading minds but based
on the outcome it seems that a lot of
people in different jobs have all come
to the same conclusion the more you see
of this guy the less you're gonna like
him so that's the problem
it is funny all right let's talk about
Trump downplaying North Korea once again
Trump I believe has set the standard by
which future presidents will have to
rise did that sentence make sense you
know what I'm talking about I believe
that even though President Trump is
being criticized because he's criticized
no matter what he does the criticism
that he's being - let's say forgiving -
Kim jong-un who fired off some small
rockets and other people are being more
hard asked really is just telling me
that he's the smartest president we've
ever had and it just becomes and by the
way I mean that literally I don't mean
that if he took a SAT that he'd beat
Obama necessarily I don't think that's
necessarily the case Obama's pretty
smart but in terms of understanding
people Trump is the best Trump is
absolutely the best and understanding
people I would say Bill Clinton is in is
in that range but I think Trump's takes
it to another level yet and here's what
he's doing right and as I've said this
is number of ways but it's it's so
important that it's worth saying again
Trump has pioneered the idea that you
can be nice to the leader while being
and negotiating and that you don't have
to give up anything in either area now
part of that is that his personality
this you know win it all costs put up
with any kind of you can put up with any
kind of problem or blowback or criticism
as long as he's he's got a strategy
that's gonna get him where he wants to
go so he can simply take more heat than
other people so being nice to kim
jeong-hoon is something he could do
because he's the president who can take
more heat it just it's an option for him
I'm not sure other presidents would even
have the option because they would look
at a character but when Trump does it
you say okay that's totally in character
you know and if there's one thing I can
teach you if there's only one thing I
can teach you today it's that when
people stay in character we accept them
and even their decisions because they're
consistent and in character we only get
freaked out and we get worked up and
angry when somebody acts in a way that
we think is out of character so if you
were taken and let's say Obama and
suddenly started being nice to kim
jeong-hoon
that would be so out of character that
you would be bothered by it and you
would lose your trust you know bottom
but because Trump is the guy who can
have lunch with Don King you know he's
got supporters who have every kind of
you know obnoxious belief you could
imagine no problem he could invite me
into the Oval Office no problem can you
imagine another president taking even
that ten tiny little risk of having a
cartoonist in the in the Oval Office I
mean I don't bring a lot of credibility
to anybody but he can do that he can
talk to Putin he can talk to President
Xi he can he can talk to the you know
the the the Pirates of the world and he
said you know I'd like to meet with Iran
could Trump meet with the Ayatollah
absolutely absolutely so he's created a
space for him to operate this very
productive for the country because I
don't know about you
but I have never felt the safer about
North Korea until this administration
what how many of you would say the same
I feel completely safe about the odds of
any kind of a nuclear war with Kim
jong-un now I mean there was a time when
I was definitely worried about it but at
the moment I've never felt safer and
it's entirely because of the personal
relationship the the fact that Trump
said basically he backed kim jeong-hoon
over joe biden in a sense the fact that
he would do that without without a
second hesitation makes me feel good
because Kim jong-un what does he want in
the world besides survival and you know
I'm sure he wants good things for his
country why wouldn't he but he wants
survival but he also knows that respect
is a big part of that survival Trump is
giving him that respect so he's giving
him the thing that he was trying to get
with nuclear weapons he's giving it to
him in a different way the only Trump
can give him because Trump Trump can be
his buddy and by the way whenever Trump
leaves office I'm assuming it's gonna be
in six years actually he probably will
stay friends with Kim jong-un in fact
the odds of Trump visiting Kim jong-un
as a private citizen are pretty good are
pretty good I think there's a good
chance it would happen all right so I
think Trump plays North Korea perfectly
right I think that time is on his side
because North Korea's economy is doing
nothing but getting worse and we don't
seem to have any special risk on our end
in fact it looks like we're saving money
because we're doing fewer war games and
such so we may just be saving a little
money we've completely eliminated our
our you know big risk from North Korea
yeah we just wait see if things improve
I think they will
all right let's talk about Duncan Hunter
a representative Duncan hunter who was
supporting at least verbally supporting
the Navy SEAL who was charged with a
variety of things including taking a
photo with a dead Isis fighter I guess
and sending it to somebody and Duncan
Hunter was now a representative I had
been in the military said that he did
the same thing with that was sending it
to somebody so his point was that it's
fairly common
unfortunately fairly common for people
to take a photo of a dead fighter or
civilian I guess for whatever reasons
it's less common for them to send it
around because that's that's what gets
you cook court-martialed and I thought
to myself I had I had two reactions my
first reaction was Duncan Hunter you
just did something really stupid
you just associated yourself with a
despicable crime which nobody should
want to associate themselves he actually
you know he got all the way to Congress
and then he just painted himself as the
same kind of you know despicable person
he would take a picture of a dead person
that was my first reaction here was my
second reaction if you're in the
military you don't leave people behind
if you know if one of your own dead if
you're one of your own is dead you you
make sure that you even if it risks your
life you're gonna you're gonna protect
them basically you're going to take
you're gonna have the back of people in
the service and my second opinion after
thinking about it a little bit is that
this was actually quite valiant meaning
that don't Duncan Hunter took a bullet
for somebody else in the service in
essence he was taking the heat off of
his fellow service member you know at
least somebody was also in the service
they weren't they didn't they didn't
serve together they were just in the
military and I thought to myself I gotta
say I respect that because he certainly
knew what he was doing you know you
can't say that Duncan Hunter didn't
think about it that seems unlikely it
just seems to me that there's something
honorable about that because there's
there's nothing good this is gonna
happen to Duncan Hunter yeah nobody's
gonna say I'm gonna vote for this guy
because he did this in fact they could
hurt him I mean it might be the thing
that gets him not reelected he took a
bullet for another member of the
military I have to respect that
I respect that so that's all I have to
say about that I had an interesting
conversation with on Twitter with a few
folks started by navall Rafa Conte if
you're not following the fall you should
he's one at the top probably a top five
Twitter accounts you should follow in
the world and he's that at navall and as
a neighbor a V al at navall so follow
him anyway on Twitter he I sometimes
refer to new vollis as smartest person
in the world I don't know if that's true
I just haven't seen any counter evidence
he might actually be the smartest person
in the world across a whole variety of
fields which is what makes him special
anyway he had the he said on Twitter and
I'm paraphrasing that the robots
basically will take the manual jobs but
humans will have creative jobs
essentially forever because a I can't do
creative work people can therefore
people will always have this you know
the artistic the creative stuff that
they'll always be safe no not naval no
vowel at nav al not heal it's a navy ale
alright so I yeah so some people say
he's right
robots will take the manual labor but
the creative jobs will be
I weighed in with the following I as you
know am a creator so I'm a writer I'm a
cartoonist which is sort of an artist I
do these periscopes so as you've seen in
their variety of fields
I am very productive as a creator and
creating different types of things
including you know the startup and
inventions and everything else so I
think I think most of you would agree
just I'm not trying to brag I'm just
trying to set the stage for my point my
point is I really really know about
creating I've got 30 years of it
professionally the other weird thing
that I know is that I did programming
for a while so early in my corporate
career I did a lot of programming made
some video games etc I was never good at
it but I learned enough about it that I
I can understand the basic concepts
right so once you have been a programmer
even if you're not up to date on current
languages and such you you at least
understand the limitations and and the
basic concepts which is what I do in my
opinion creativity will be easily
replaced by AI and I say that as
somebody who is a professional creator
in a variety of fields take humor for
example many years ago I came up with
what I call the humour formula which
said that something is not funny unless
you have at least two of the six
dimensions of humor when I list them I
always forget one but the basic idea is
that something is either you know
bizarre or clever or or naughty there's
six of them but the point is it's a
formula I could write a program
even with my meager programming skills I
could run a program to write jokes and
it would take me a while and it would be
you know the first versions would be
rough but I could already do it and I'm
not even much of a programmer but I can
do it
you just have to know what the rules are
so the programming of it is actually
trivial knowing what to program is the
clever part and I've already solved the
formula for humor it is that formula you
have to use two of the six dimensions
and if those two are in there and three
is even better but you you've got a joke
now could you teach a AI to go to look
at all the jokes of the world and figure
out what the best ones have in common of
course you could then you could say okay
AI go check the trending hashtags and
the social media to find out what's in
people's minds you could do that easy
already do that right there are already
systems to figure out what's what people
are thinking about you already have 80%
of what you need for a joke you've got
the structure you've seen all other
jokes and how they work you've you see
what people are thinking about which
makes jokes funnier people are far more
amused by something that's in the news
something they have experienced etc then
you could test it rapidly and here's the
part that people always miss I do rapid
testing inside my own brain so in other
words what I'm trying to come up with a
joke what I'm doing really is I'm
cycling through lots of possibilities
and I'm rapidly discarding them so
creating is not you don't just sit there
and then suddenly the idea comes in your
head that generally doesn't happen what
generally happens is you're you're
processing lots of different ideas that
are flowing through it's like a stream
so what I'm creating I feel like a
stream is going through and it's like
about this how about this how about this
how about this how about this how about
this the ones this thick I've got a I've
got a little let's say a sensor for
knowing which ones are good and the
sensor is my physical body because when
one of those ideas in the stream goes
through and my body goes in I'm
exaggerating but if I feel it in my body
then I know it's art that's
I know because I can feel it my body
goes I get it I get a chill I laugh I I
feel depressed but I feel it's actual
physical bottle.these sensation
now that's something that a a computer
can do because computers don't have
feelings so I've got a sensor for going
through all of the possibilities and
catching the one that matters because my
sensor goes off and it's my body but hey
I can do that better all they need are a
group of people who are willing to look
at a first draft of a joke so AI can say
alright there's seven billion people in
the world I'm gonna I'm gonna try my
best guess at what's funny I'm gonna
send it out to a hundred of them if 70
of those hundred people laugh or you
know they rate it and they give it five
stars or whatever they do to rate it
you've got a joke if you send it 200
people and nobody thinks is funny or
they don't even understand it you
discard it you send out a different
version to another hundred people and
you could do that it's so rapidly that
you would do effectively what I do with
my body but you would do it with the
population of the earth with small
groups until you had crafted by trial
and error and according to formula
something that was the funniest joke in
the world and by the way there are only
a hundred jokes in the world they all
have the same they have the same like
setup and etc I could easily teach a
computer the hundred jokes they just
have different different subject to
different verb you know different time
and time in history etc but they're all
a formula I hate to tell you it's pretty
formulaic so that's just writing jokes
it would seem to me that art would be
even easier I'm sure that there I think
there are already a is that do art and
it wouldn't be hard to look at all the
art that exists and figure out which
ones people liked the most
figure out what it is about that
the colors design the complexity
whatever it is and then reproduce that
but not reproduce it perfectly rather
reproduce things that can test rapidly
so if you forget about the ability to
rapidly test you can easily convince
yourself the a I could never do
creativity but AI will be able to
rapidly test its what it does best it
can test it with the the instruments
that are us so we can use the population
as its sensors by just sending out
little tests at it how'd that feel oh it
made me laugh it gave me chills that
made me cry and then they know they have
something all right
so my prediction is that in ten years
AI will be able to do all of the
creative jobs now I'm not saying that
all the creative jobs will go away I'm
saying that in ten years there will be
at least one program that can do better
than humans even the best humans on
every form of creativity including music
yes music is probably more formulaic
than most things so yes music for sure
music would be easy visual art is easy
jokes are easy writing the a I can
already right so we've already seen
websites in which the AI is writing
sentences and stories that already
exists and and of course that would be
better than humans because they can test
it so rapidly all right so that's my
provocative idea right there I would ask
you again to check YouTube if you want
to see the replays on this stuff and
just do a search on real coffee with
Scott Adams and it will pop right up
alright I think I've covered most of the
the news let me wrap up my prediction if
nothing changes between now and 2020 the
social media companies will determine
the president and that doesn't mean the
CEOs of the those companies but rather
the people working there and control the
algorithm
if nothing changes but I'm sure that
because of the atom's law of slow-moving
disasters that that disaster is so
obvious and so clearly coming that there
will be responses to it we don't know
what those are and they probably will be
effective so if I had to put my money on
a result
I'm betting Trump all the way if you
want to feel better about this right if
I have to put my money on it
I'm betting Trump with no no ambiguity
whatsoever you know anything could
happen between now and 2020 but but it I
would bet that so confidently I could
sleep pretty well on that and it
wouldn't know what the polls tell you
today but it requires some kind of fix
for social media that we have not yet
seen could be any kind of a fix but
there's got to be something that deals
with that or else you don't get that
result that's all for now and I will
talk to you all later and I'll see if I
can turn this off