this works this time I'm back to talk
about the there's a new video out of
police action in Lancaster Pennsylvania
and if you haven't seen it yet I tweeted
it so you can take a look at it in my
Twitter feed it's going to be another
one of those situations of yani and
Laurel people are going to see what they
want to see in this I'll play it for you
but you'll you can see the the good
version of it in my my twitter feed
but first well let me let me play it for
you then I'll read Sean King's tweet
where I first saw it and then I'll tell
you how to have less of it all right so
let's see if I can play this in a way
that's at least a little bit viewable
alright so there are two police officers
what is a woman she's off camera so
you'll hear a woman's voice so he's
asked him to sit down now he's telling
him to put his legs just fade out but
he's not putting his legs near them
[Applause]
now let's just show the key part here
listen to the female officers voice
because what she says is a little bit
confusing what she says is put your leg
straight down and cross them but we see
that just before he gets taste it looks
like he's trying to cross his legs
because it's not obvious to you to him
and this is reasonable that you don't
know how to cross your legs when they're
there after obviously she means cross
them at the ankles alright listen to it
and watch her say put him straight down
and cross him now he crosses them back
right so here's what here's what I heard
first of all nobody nobody gets away
without a little bit of blame in this
one so should the police have handled
this better
probably but I'll let the police figure
that out to me it looks like there might
have been a better way to to deal with
this especially since the backup arrived
you know immediately so they should have
known where the backup was they should
have known that he's sitting and he's
compliant but he wasn't a hundred
percent compliant at first in other
words when they said put your legs
straight out it seemed that he was
hesitating to do that now I assume the
reason they wanted him to put his leg
straight out is that it would be harder
for him to pop up and run away if he
were inclined to do that and having his
feet
sort of you know underneath him where he
could jump up you know maybe maybe
that's a less secure situation for the
police but I think where things
when wrong is as he was starting to
comply and he started to put his legs
out a little bit almost straight but not
completely not completely complying but
complying ish probably not enough to get
you to taste right so up until the time
he started to cross his legs it seemed
to me and again this is just Yanni and
Laurel everybody's gonna have their own
view of it but it looked like he was
moving in the direction of complying
more than he had originally which should
have been fine so if somebody is moving
in the direction of complying that
person probably shouldn't get tased
right so the police probably have some
some questions to answer and I'm not a
police expert so I can't give you an
opinion about whether they crossed any
line of procedure but when I listened to
it I also was confused about the
direction because put your legs straight
out and cross your legs it's easy to
imagine those as being not the same
thing because cross your legs is sort of
you know you pull them up close to you
and sit cross-legged that's that's the
most common way somebody crosses a leg
so you've got one so it's a stressful
situation and in a stressful situation
you're not hearing right you know you
know there's there's some confusion so
when somebody says put your leg straight
out and cross them I'm not sure that's
the best situation to expect somebody to
comply so in my opinion this was just a
mistake it was a mistake by the police
their communication was not as crisp as
it needed to be she could have said put
your legs straight out and now cross
them at the ankles and that might have
been that might have been better we
don't know you know I assume he's a
native english-speaking perp I haven't
seen anything this would say he wouldn't
I mean it seemed to be complying enough
that he
understood language English so I think
this is a legitimate just mistake
mistake on the police because they were
not the one police officer was not clear
in her instructions and it looked like
it looked like at the moment of tasing
he was doing something that looked a lot
like one of the police officers just
told them to do so I'm gonna agree that
the police have some explaining to do
however having said that I think it was
a legitimate a k-- on the police's part
just some unclear language not the sort
of thing that you should necessarily be
fired for we'll let the police figure
that out it was definitely a mistake in
my opinion well my opinion it's a
mistake that's not definitely now let's
talk about the perk at the very
beginning the perp or the let's say the
was that the right word the perp the the
person under custody let's call him just
the person under police police control
he did seem to be not complying in the
very beginning now if I had done what he
did as white as I am I would expect to
get tased so I don't know that this is
clearly a white black thing because if
you put me in that same situation I
think I'm getting tased now somebody
saying you know laughing my ass off
isn't no you wouldn't there is there is
another element to this that I haven't
mentioned that I'm small and old and not
very dangerous if I tried to run both of
them could probably catch me within a
block so I'm guessing that the police
would not have felt there was much of a
risk with me so probably they would have
felt less less you know less problem and
maybe they would have given me a little
more flexibility so that's possible
the person they stopped look young and
healthy the two police officers were
where a woman in a guy
who didn't look like he was gonna win
the Olympics so the the person that they
had under their control was physically
probably superior to both of them
meaning that he was young and strong and
they were neither were those things
relatively speaking so it's possible
that that situation you know if you put
a large capable you know white male in
that situation and it looked like he
wasn't complying I think he gets tased -
there's no way to know that because we
retreat to our biases and you know if
you're black you assume that that's not
the case if you're white you assume that
it is that's the yani and Laurel this
there's no way we could no no the cops I
believe are both white just based on the
video that's the most I can tell about
it
so but here's the part I wanted to add I
think that this video and others of its
kind should be put together as a
training video partly for the police but
partly for the citizens if you put me in
that same situation I'm positive that I
would not have been tased because I
would have handled it differently now
what I said before is if I did the same
thing he did if I handled it the same
way and I was a larger younger male who
was a little bit more dangerous more of
a flight risk sort of thing
I expect that would have been taste but
in reality I would not have handled the
situation anything like this and here's
the first thing I would have done I
would have engaged the officers so that
we were having a conversation
what I saw was them yelling it to him
and him not doing with his body what he
needed to do if he was talking it was it
was low I didn't hear any but I would
have said you know do you mean like this
you know the first time they said you
know put your legs out and I hadn't
complied exactly I would have said oh
you know completely out like this
because the moment you asked them for
clarification
they understand that the situation is
about making sure I understand it it's
not a I'm not having a compliance
problem I'm having a making sure I
understand your instructions problem the
moment you change the frame from not
complying to I'm not sure I understand
let me understand where you know exactly
what you mean is it like this officer
are you talking about this is this right
and I talked before about you know
asking directly how can we all stay safe
now it depends on the situation you
might not always be able to say that but
asking the officers clarification about
what they're asking you to do probably
is going to keep you safe every time
that's my that's my assumption so I'd
like to see some you know experts in
this sort of thing weigh in well I would
imagine that there are ways that this
could be you know stitched together with
other with other videos and become an
actual training video they'll think
you're being a smartass no not if you're
sincere
I think this sincerity would have come
across if you're being sarcastic about
it you know do you mean like this is is
this good enough officer then you're
gonna get tased maybe but if you say all
right officer are you talking about
straight out like this when you say
cross your legs do you mean do you mean
while they're still out you know I think
the police created a situation that was
ambiguous so they have to answer for
that
whoops looks like they've got to go and
I will talk to you all later