well we'll have a show here in a
moment just as soon as I've got your
comments all up and
running and there they are
[Music]
Showtime good good morning everybody and
welcome to the highlight of human
civilization it's called coffee with
Scott Adams and if you'd like to take
this experience up to levels that nobody
can understand with their tiny shiny
human brains well all you need is a cup
or mug or glass a tankered chalis or
Stein a canteen Jugger flask a vessel of
any kind fill it with your favorite
liquid I like coffee and join me now for
the unparallel pleasure the dope of mean
of the day thing that makx everything
better it's called the simultaneous Sip
and it happens
now that's so
good all right well uh let me jump into
the the science that's exciting and
we'll talk about all the Politics as we
always do do you know that famous
experiment where they take two little
tolers and they put a marshmallow a
marshmallow in front of them and then
they would leave the room after telling
them whatever you do don't eat the
marshmallow the delicious marshmallow
and then they would see that some kids
could do what they were told and avoid
the marshmallow but other kids would
look around they'd say nobody's looking
and they'd grab the marshmallow and eat
it now the science told
us that that was an indication that one
of those children
was genetically
defective okay those are my words but
the idea is that some people don't have
good emotional control emotional
intelligence in other words they can't
put off
pleasure for later and so they said
these people will not do well in life
well there's some new studies guess what
once you control for the uh all the
variables turns out you can't really see
any difference
this is one of the most famous
experiments in all of social
science had no scientific backing at
all now here's what I would have told
you if you had asked me suppose you
wanted to you know save all that time
and money and incorrect science and you
just came to me and you said you know we
did this experiment sometimes the kid
will take the marshmallow and sometimes
they won't which one do you think will
do better in life what would I
say I would have picked the kid who took
the
marshmallow do you know why because the
kid who took the
marshmallow correctly saw the risk
benefit there was no real risk do you
think the kid was going to be punished
reading
marshmallow no the kid who takes the
marshmallow gets the marshmallow and no
punishment
and and for how many decades
idiot scientists telling us that the guy
who doesn't take the marshmallow is
going to
win which do you think Trump was do you
think Trump was the toddler who took the
marshmallow or the one who left it there
for no reason
whatsoever no Trump took the marshmallow
and he's the president of the or well he
was he might be again president of the
biggest country in the
world or most powerful I guess
you know it's funny Once once this is
debunked it becomes so obvious why it
wasn't true of course you want the risk
taker you want the risk taker but also
the one who took the correct risk there
was not one toddler who was ever
punished for taking a marshmallow the
toddlers who knew that and took the
marshmallow they're the ones I want to
work for I mean those are your Elon
musks and your the people people who
make the world a better place anyway
that one's
funny um there's a uh the Guardians
running an article um talking about
Jonathan Watts he's in a global
environment
editor and uh he's talking about how the
climate models are having a not a small
problem with predicting the
climate and the problem is that they
don't predict the warming
so apparently uh we had a few extra warm
years the last few years but the models
don't predict
them so would it be legitimate to
say that the models can't predict at
all if they can't predict warming you
know in other words it warmed in those
particular years more than they expected
what can it predict it's only up or down
if they can't get up are they getting
down
correct I I doubt
it so anyway whenever you've got this
many variables it's not really possible
to have a any kind of a model that
predicts and I'll say this a million
times I hope I'm still alive when
everybody agrees let me make a
prediction that I I will stand
on if you told me Would You Bet Your
Life on it this prediction I'd say oh
yeah I would totally bet my life on it
like literally
there's no doubt about this I don't know
if I'll be alive when it happens but
someday we will know the climate models
were why because nobody can
predict the future it's just not a thing
it's never been a thing probably never
will be a thing I don't think AI will do
it any better there just too many
variables and we have when you reach a
certain number of variables nothing
predicts and there that will never
change is built into the nature of you
know the nature of the universe you get
a number of variables and if you can't
know them exactly and you never can a
few iterations later the whole model
just falls apart it's a Chaos Theory so
the fact that that's not 100% obvious to
everybody who's looking at it and
everybody's doing the work is a little
bit funny to me it's like the
marshmallow test the marshmallow test
was somewhat obviously
 somewhat obviously and
now that it's been debunked you go oh
huh I guess I didn't see that coming
well if you don't see the climate model
being debunked in the future you can't
see that at all you know are there some
of you who just can't imagine that no
it's 100% certain that they will be
debunked someday I hope it's in my
lifetime just so I can enjoy the
show which by the way doesn't mean the
that the climate is not warming and it
doesn't mean that we should not worry
about it I'm just saying that the models
are
ridiculous all right um likewise did the
I did see a chart that showed that the
CO2 went down quite a bit during the
pandemic but the temperatures
didn't so is there some kind of weird
lag between CO2 and temperature that I'm
not aware of do the models take that
into account probably not probably not
here's another scientific uh hypothesis
that's against the
mainstream um I'm not sure I would put a
high confidence in this what I like
about it is that it's not a mainstream
opinion all right so this is not me
trying to convince you this opinion is
true I'm just convincing you it's
interesting Maybe something to consider
and the this comes from bow tide
biohacker on
a and uh he's claiming that ADHD is not
a disorder it's a phenotype it means you
have OG
genetics that people with ADHD were the
elite hunters and
gatherers and that the ADHD people are
not broken they're just being forced to
live in a society where ADHD doesn't
have its benefits like it would if you
you were a hunter or a gatherer now the
thinking is that if you took those
people outdoors and their job was to you
know notice danger and notice
opportunities and you know always be
looking around their environment to make
sure they're safe that the ADHD would
have some benefit and that you need
those people to go out and do the
dangerous
unexpected things that other people
weren't doing now I'm not sure if I
completely buy that because I think
there might be some some Modern things
that are exacerbating it you know like
our all of our attention spans are going
down I have a I have a major problem
with attention span because I there just
so many things going on so the fact that
there are so many things going on and
that when I'm falling off to sleep there
are 10,000 things in my head that's got
to be different than how it was in
caveman days so I'm not 100% on board
with this but I love the here's what I
like about
I I I think I like it philosophically
more than I like it
scientifically philosophically I like
having the following
bias nobody's the
same now that's a really powerful idea
and and it doesn't feel like it until
you you think it through in our current
world we say if you're black you're one
of the black people so we got to treat
you like one of the black people if
you're a woman well you're one of the
women got to treat you like the women
and then we argue about who's a woman
and we argue about who's black and we
get all these unnecessary
fights every one of these fights is
completely unproductive illogical and
off point here's what we should be doing
treating everybody like there's no other
person like
them if I meet an ADHD person I don't
say this person is broken I say
everybody's completely different and the
very next person I meet whether or not
they have ADHD is going to be completely
different from that guy and me and
everybody else and that is the most by
far the most uh
useful filter you can put on the world
here's the difference if somebody comes
to me and says I'm black so you have to
help me I say you everybody's got
problems and yours are not special or
magical and there's no reason whatsoever
I should help you versus the next 10
people who come up and ask for my help
what makes you so special well the
history of the average of the people to
which I say I don't
care everybody's got a problem has a
history their problems didn't come out
of nowhere they all came out of some
history that wasn't so good for a
variety of reasons so no I don't give a
 about your general generic average
problems but if you come to me as an
individual who is different from every
other
individual maybe part of that difference
is that you're black and you're this and
that and that but you're you're your own
thing there's not another black person
who's
you never there's not one person who's
like one other person so if that one
person says I'm an individual and I
think maybe you have some advice for me
or maybe you could connect me with
somebody that would help me get what I
want
and I would say whatat is it you want
and if it's something like you know a
good life and a good job or something
like that I'll say yeah I could help why
wouldn't I why wouldn't
I uh I wouldn't help if you're making
some kind of average General racial
comment no interest at all but if you
come to me as an
individual sure if it makes sense if
I've got something you need as an
individual I'm all in all in so you go
from a situation where people are
resistant to helping you because you've
created this artificial fight of your
group against my group but as soon as
you come to me as an individual all of
that goes away and I just say I have
this you did that what you're asking for
would take a little work but not much it
might help you a lot I'm
in so by far the most important filter
we need is to get back to world all
different all right I have a positive
uh a positive prediction it goes like
this the reason that we're not forming
families and having children as much is
economics are
bad and there's not enough meaning in
it as there used to be and used to be
economically required and you know you'd
build your whole life around it and
divorce was difficult and and all those
things but I do think that having to
work all
day kind of works against the whole
family thing what happens when the
robots are doing all the hard work and
you don't have to have a great job or
even a job at all maybe in order to have
a good life because the robots are
making the food so it's cheap the robots
are making the energy so it's cheap you
know you've got your fusion and your
nuclear power so it's cheap and then
suddenly
basically everybody could have Ubi and
there's still plenty to go around what
happens then well what I think happens
is that people will have no meaning in
life if they don't have
jobs I can't even imagine what my life
would be like if I didn't have the
structure of having you know well not
having to always but but going to work
part of the reason I don't retire when
I'm clearly at retirement age is that I
like
structure it gives me meaning if I can
do something that any of you at the end
of the day sayou know that's a new way
of thinking I like thinking about that I
go okay there look look at me I did
something might be useful if I introduce
a new idea or a new filter on how to see
something or a new way to analyze
something and it affects some of you I
think good there we go there's a little
positivity I put into the world and have
meaning but suppose you took all that
away from me and I didn't have a job and
I didn't need job and if I worked a job
nobody would care because the robots
could do it better anyway what would I
do then well I think I would I would
have a natural search for
meaning and I think I'd say you know
what why don't I build a little world
where I can build some kids you know
I'll be in a relationship I'll make some
kids and I'll and every day I'll wake up
and I'll think hey what's good for you
guys what's good for the family and then
we would just do those things so I've
got a feeling that one of the unpredict
unpredictable effects of a robot AI
driven World which we're going to have
and fairly quickly is that it might make
uh having a family easier now could
easily go the other way so if if
anybody's a pessimist here and you're
saying no it could go the other way uh
totally it might but I would say it's
unpredictable and our search for meaning
might might drive us into family
structures just for meaning just so that
when you died you were part of something
because you don't need to be part of
anything if the robots are doing it all
you don't even need to Jo join an
organization you basically you don't
need need to do much of anything I I'm
not even sure if politics will still be
a thing in 10 years do you know why what
why would politics not even be a thing
in 10 years because if AI starts telling
what makes sense and what doesn't make
sense what are we going to have to argue
about
right so the Democrats have a plan the
Republicans have a plan in our current
world we just use propaganda and
brainwashing and nothing useful to
decide what's right or wrong but suppose
AI starts saying things like price
GS uh have failed 100% of the time by
the way do you know happens if you ask
chat GPT if price caps are good for
society try
it it'll tell you something that
Democrats don't like it'll tell you that
economists say that price GS fail and it
will give you historical examples of how
they failed
terribly and then you ask it but what's
the what's the
Counterpoint like what's the argument in
favor of them and then it will tell you
you'll say well there's this economist
who says this or that and then you ask
it all right is that a well regarded
opinion and chat gp2 will say oh no no
there there are other opinions but
they're not regarded as serious
basically so this whole price Gap thing
has exactly one right answer don't do
price
gaps and and I've teased before that you
won't see any economists go on MSNBC or
CNN for the first for maybe the rest of
the the election cycle you might not see
another Economist on television except
on Fox news for the rest of the cycle
and the reason is that the price gaps to
have zero support among anybody who
knows anything about anything
zero yeah the the only one who tried to
make an argument was like a fringe
radical Economist but nobody took that
person
seriously just think about that what if
what if AI does that for every
topic what are we going to argue about
there wouldn't be a there would be no
point in having a Democrat or Republican
the AI would just tell you what works
and what
doesn't I don't know a lot of things
could be different in 10
years anyway uh secret service has a new
plan to let Trump do outdoor rallies
they're going to put him in a a
bulletproof bulletproof uh glass
box does does the glass box have a top
because don't you have to protect
against drones as well so they're going
to put them in a I I don't know what
kind of glass Shield they're going to
use but the glass Shield obviously has
to cover the entire
front duh we know from the assassination
attempt that came from the side they've
got to cover the entire sides duh of
course they've got to cover the back
duh but they also have to cover the
top because all it would take is a you
know a drone attack to drop something
down the down his glass tube so he's
going to literally be in a glass
box maybe on day one it won't be a box
but kind of has to be how big is the
glass box and are you and are you going
to feel like he's there alive if he's in
a glass box and let me ask you this if
all of our outdo rallies put the
candidate in a glass
box what's to stop them from using
virtual reality have you seen that yet
there's a product an existing product
you could buy it now where if you want
to do a uh video call with somebody they
can stand in this big uh like closet
sized no let's say bigger than a phone
booth kind of a booth and they will
appear on the other side as if they're
standing in front of you fully
3D now that already exists so if you
could put somebody in a glass box and
people are happy about it cuz to me that
wouldn't feel like it's live even though
he was alive I mean I wouldn't care if
he were virtual reality at that point
you know if he's interacting with the
audience and you can see him but he's
behind glass I don't know maybe the
virtual reality outdoor event is
coming all right uh so Harrison walls
got some criticism from the right that
doesn't matter to anybody that uh they
did instead of doing an interview or or
doing a press conference so that the
Press can ask them tough questions they
decided to do a sit down interview with
each other so they filmed the two
candidates just talking to each other
and having a good time now Republicans
and the Press said oh you're afraid of
the press and uh why don't you do
regular press fre press things and
I'm sorry if you don't like this but
it's a really smart
strategy it's a totally smart strategy
if they I try to think of anything that
good that comes out of talking to the
Press I don't even know why Trump does
it when Trump talks to the Press if it's
the unfriendly press 100% of the time
they take something out of context 100%
of the time what when was the last time
that you saw Trump's numbers went up
because he talked to the
Press have you ever seen that have you
ever seen Trump talk to the press and
wow look at his numbers because he said
that good thing that everybody liked
I've never seen that but I've certainly
seen bad stories come out of it that
live forever that in fact the fine
people hoax that came out of a press
event didn't it correct me if I'm wrong
I might have it wrong but didn't his
taking out of context thing come from a
press event it did how about the uh
drinking bleach hoax that came from a
press
event am I wrong that it was the Press
they were there and they said you said
what you didn't say and then they turned
into hoax so everything bad that's ever
happened to Trump is because he talked
to the Press now at some point you know
in 2016 he had to do it because he was
an unknown and we needed to know who he
was but now that we know exactly who
Trump is I don't know if talking to the
makes any
sense I I think that the new model will
be not talking to the Press because it
worked for
Biden and when Biden talked to the Press
was it ever good not once not a single
time was Biden talking to the Press turn
into a positive thing it was all
negative so I think candidates are just
going to stop doing it if they're well
known if they're if they're not well
known they're going to have to go
through certain amount of pain to get
some attention but if they're well known
like both of these candidates
why would they ever talk to the Press
they can just put out their message
and and make it
cleaner well here's what I think I think
that
uh
um well I'll get to that point I've got
a I've got a clever Point coming up but
needs a little more introduction to get
to
it um I think that both candidates
should be talking to voters
and I'll I'll keep saying this until I
sell it because I think it's going to
happen give me you tell me which of
these would tell you something useful uh
any reporter who's going to be biased
one way or the other talking to any
candidate we know how that goes just
useless now compare that to either of
the candidates sitting down with
somebody from the other party somebody
was definitely planning to vote for the
other candidate and maybe more than one
and just talking to them for an hour to
find out what they think and and let the
candidate make their best case one to
one person to person now I can listen to
that all day
long um because that would be
fascinating and
unpredictable and I also think that if
you picked your citizens right and you
didn't get activists you would get
people who actually want to know what's
real
do you think that the reporters want to
know what's real no they don't they need
a story they need hits they need their
career to go well but if you just got
some citizens and say all right have
lunch with KL
Harris and tell her what you think from
the other team and same thing with Trump
let let Trump talk to some
voters because the screen between the
candidate and the and the voters is way
too thick the voters aren't seeing the
candidates they're seeing them through
the filter of the news then the news is
completely illegitimate in this
context so got to talk to the voters so
and and I think Trump would have a
tremendous advantage in this because
he's got stronger
arguments and that's going to be an
easier cell than let's go
communist that's going to be a hard cell
I mean just take the
comparison think of the hardest thing
that a Democrat could ask Trump about
you can always think of a a reasonable
answer that if you were there you could
even give it yourself you know like you
know abortion would be the tough one and
then Trump says well you want you don't
want me to be making decisions about
your body do you well of course I don't
right that's why I kicked it over the
states there are more women in the
states than men and men half of them
already agree with you so all you have
to do is convince other women and you
can have abortion any way you want now
that would be a absolute
killshot to the accusations about
Trump's going to stop abortion it would
be a total killshot but you would never
be able to do that with the Press you
could do it with a human yeah what would
the human say if you said that well they
might try but but but you're in favor of
a national ban on abortion and then
Trump would say no I'm not no they just
made that up I I definitely don't want
that I kicked it to the states I want
you to decide stop saying I'm going to
decide I've already taken it out of my
domain it's for you to decide so you
work on other women and if women agree
with you you can have any law you want
that's how our system works now that is
a strong strong answer to the biggest
complaint now imagine it went the other
way let's say you had some well-informed
Republicans to having lunch with KL
Harris and she'd say I'm going to bring
your inflation down by capping prices on
food and suppose you're a Republican and
you're well informed and you say food
food only has the narrowest profit
margin of every industry are you aware
of
that now if you're talking Pharma you
might have big margins and you know in
tech there might be big margins for some
things but in food it's the smallest
margins
of any industry is there any industry
with a smaller margin profit margin than
food the only reason they can make any
money is that people are eating food
every day you you can't really quit the
food
so if a if somebody sitting a lunch said
to Kell Harris every time food uh price
caps have tried they just created
shortages can you think of any case
where it ever
worked now what reporter is going to ask
kameras that question can you give me
any example where price caps have ever
worked and did you know that food has
the smallest margin of profit of any
industry
ever you're never going to see that but
a citizen would ask that question do you
know why a citizen would ask those
questions because those are the normal
most obvious questions citizens will ask
the most normal obvious questions for
whatever reason reporters won't they'll
they'll ask the one that could get them
the the
you know what do you think about how do
you define a woman come on is that what
you care about do you care about how K
Harris defines a woman no I get that it
has real impact in the real world but
it's not in your top 10
problems so no you need voters to talk
to candidates nothing in
between all right um Politico says a
Harris has a she's rolling under plan to
fight
inflation that is and
propaganda and brainwashing she has not
rolled down a plan to fight inflation
she's rolled down a plan to cap
profits that's not really the same you
know they could argue it's going to
lower your prices but if you don't do
something about the money supply and
other things that are driving inflation
that ain't it but Politico carries her
water and calls it a plan to fight
inflation
um so let's talk about some of the
economic ideas of KL Harris and let me
tell you they sound good on paper so in
terms of persuasion and running a
campaign this is pretty good stuff so
don't uh don't poo poo it because you
think you know it's it's
inaccurate it might be inaccurate and a
bad idea but it's pretty sellable so
persuasion wise they've got a good bite
on this economic thing let me give you
some
examples um so Biden Administration so K
Harris would presumably get some you
know credit for this as well um they've
negotiated the price down quite a bit
they say on 10 different drugs so they
let um the
Medicare Medicare uh program NE
negotiated lower prices now do you think
this story is that clean let's see there
were big Pharma who was charging too
much and then the government negotiated
the prices down you know like an average
of more than
50% wow you're really going to feel that
in your pocket right are
you
well uh I have a health insurance
is my insurance going to go down if my
health care provider pays less for those
drugs
no no that's just free money to the
insurance company because she hasn't
told the insurance company to lower the
prices and the insurance company's
buying the drug not me I'm just paying
some co-pay that would be the same no
matter what I
paid now there'll be a little bit of
bleed through and
presumably your your insurance company
would at least have the option of
lowering the price or not raising it as
much the next year so you could imagine
that it could work through the system a
little bit but in the short
run consumers weren't buying these
expensive drugs they were going without
and they're still going to go without if
it's only 50% less cost right so you
either have insurance that's paying for
it or you're probably not getting it at
all because it's just too
expensive anyway we also don't know
exactly how much they reduce the prices
because when they talk about the
percentage decrease they admit and the
story is that they don't know what
they're decreased
from because apparently the list price
is not necessarily what anybody's paying
but that information is
proprietary so in other words the Biden
Administration is claiming specific
price decreases without telling you what
level they were before they were
decreased so it's a lie because they're
they're not always paying full price
already now if I think it is very true
that the total amount that would be paid
it would be much less but the actual
number is kind of gamed a little bit
because I don't know what's coming down
from but it's almost certainly coming
down from
something
so here's here's the punch line on that
so after this long story about how the
drug companies argued like crazy and
they said ah we can't do this but then
it happened anyway so they had to go
along with it and then uh they were
asked about what would happen to their
stock prices and here's what the expert
said when these 10 drug companies had to
reduce their cost by about
50% they said it wouldn't really affect
their stock
price wait
What how could their products be the
price be cut in half by somebody
externally the government and yet it
doesn't affect their stock
price there's something else going on
here that can't not affect your stock
price unless you're such a big company
that that one little that one little
drug didn't make much
difference now the other thing that I
assume the government is not including
is the research and development costs so
if some company spent a billion dollars
to develop a
drug that the drug is really cheap but
they're going to sell it for like a $100
a you know a
go it's because they're getting back
their billion dollars it's not because
they're making a
killer uh a killer amount on the per
drug they're just trying to pay back
what they put into
it now do you think the government said
can you please explain to us how much
you invested and then we'll look at your
return on investment and if it's out
rageous then we're going to ask you to
lower it no they just said lower it by
50% as soon as you introduce that kind
of Madness into a system it can't be
good in the long run because presumably
there will be companies that spent a
billion dollars the government said you
had to cut the price by 50% and they say
uh we really can't get our billion
dollars back because this will be this
will be off a patent before we get our
billion back so do they make another
drug not if they think the government's
going to set their
prices you wouldn't make the next drug
if you thought the government cut might
cut the price of it in half because
you'll never know if you'll get your
billion
back I doubt the government asked them
about their Roi and if they did they'd
lie about it anyway so they'd never get
that
information so everything about this is
a distortion of the free market uh but
in the short run it's going to sell
really well because consumers are just
going to say you lowered my cost
great Harris also wants to give a or
extend child credits so if you're a
taxpayer with a kid you get some more
she wants to uh increase it and make it
up to $6,000 if you got a new kid um
these are all real good sounding
policies now of course this policy will
not come with a a warning of what it
does to the uh
deficit so it's a half opinion meaning
they don't tell you what the cost of it
is yeah we'd like to just give you stuff
okay were you going to have a kid anyway
I was how about if we give you $6,000
I'll vote for
that so it's a but it's going to sound
good so it's a basically a way to buy
votes of young people who think they
might have kids so so persuasion Wise
It's a
winner um and then she wants to uh boost
a New Home Building and she do that by a
$40 billion fund to help local
governments develop innovative solutions
the lack of housing
supplies um Biden I guess had had
suggested 20 billion so she doubled
it and expand the low-income house
credits so basically she'd be paying
local government to you know improve
their housing situation do you know what
the problem with this plan is all local
governments are corrupt if you put $40
billion into cities they're just going
to steal it like at this point I
don't have any confidence that there's a
city that can take $40 billion or
whatever their share is and build
something I think they just give it to
their contractor
friends and then the contractor friends
give them you know give them a little
back in return I think it's just a
corrupt system I don't think that local
government should be given money local
government should only be in charge of
making sure your roads get fixed and
stuff uh here's my fix for the whole
country local government should have no
decision making over what vendors are
chosen local government should have no
no authority over who gets chosen to do
the work that the government is
Contracting for because that's where all
the corruption happens you should have
some kind of independent outside
uninvolved process if it's even possible
I don't know what that would look like
where the cities are just told what
vendor is going to do what based on some
better analysis of who does better work
but the whole Kickback thing it ruins
basically every city because you get a
bunch of crooks in in charge because I
know they can make a
killing however on paper this will sound
great people will say hey we need more
housing you're putting a lot of money
toward it I like every bit of that so
persuasion wise these are all winners
these these are just election year
winners because they just sound good are
they good not in the long run not in the
long run but they sure sound
good food price caps we talked about
that every Economist thinks it's a bad
idea so here's a summary it seems that
the Harris economic plans are all goal
oriented
meaning they're they're trying to start
with the end point in mind and not think
through the system that gets you there
whereas it seems to me that the Trump
related uh stuff is a little more system
oriented I'll talk about that but here
here's an example of something that's
system oriented there's a new AI
powerered uh robot for uh weeding Fields
without
herbicides how good is it if you could
eat food that had no herbicides on it
you'd like that right so right away I'm
already interested there are fewer
chemicals on my food tell me more but
now they've got a robot that apparently
doesn't need power except what it gets
from the sun and it will work all day
and it's basically looks like a platform
with a laser on it I think and it just
rolls over the fields it it it's AI so
it understands what it has to do and
it's completely autonomous you basically
just shove it into a field and it gets
rid of your weeds and it figures out the
best way to do it and it learns from
what works and and it just works all day
you don't even need much maintenance it
sleeps at night wakes up in the morning
and starts working again so imagine if
you could suppose the government um made
it easier for these robots to be rolled
out that would be a good system because
it's it would be promoting the free
market that would lower your food costs
in the long run it would be hard for
employing
migrants maybe there would be fewer
migrants employed but that too would
reduce the the pressure on illegal
immigration so working on something like
making sure that AI powered robots for
Farms get a little more attention or
they something faster happen
s um that's a good system because it
gets you to food prices but it gets you
in a systems way where you're doing all
the right things at the at the lower
level anyway uh aen is the new uh robot
maker that makes that this is a real
product it's not hypothetical it's
already in
fields all right um CNN is making a big
deal about people mispronouncing comma
as Co Mala and I guess it was a big dust
up with Republican Nancy mace who may
have pronounced it wrong and said she
didn't care and then one of the black
pundits on CNN said you are a white
woman who is disrespecting a black woman
and blah blah blah everything's through
a race filter it just makes everything
stupid uh I was watching CNN two days
ago and I thought it was
hilarious that uh one of KL Harris's
supporters who was on the show to be her
supporter so he was it looked like it
was maybe just somebody in the campaign
and he mispronounced her
name this was a guy who was on the show
just to be her supporter I believe
evolves with a campaign I didn't get the
name but he mispronounces her name and
they don't correct
him so it's a pro Harris person who
calls her Cala while he's supporting her
and they don't correct him then they go
to the next topic it's still the same
panel of people and uh somebody who was
um
anti-a called her a CALA and immediately
she was shut down oh no you're you're
doing it again you're just using the
wrong name you're racist and I'm
thinking her campaign person just used
the wrong name like a minute ago have
you seen any other uh Democrats
pronounce her name wrong you've seen it
right
how how does everybody not understand
that it's just hard it's just a hard
name to remember and pronounce I've seen
Trump do it both ways I've seen Trump
say Kamala and I've seen him say
Kamala do you think that he's
intentionally doing it one way versus
the other I don't think so because I
went through an extended phase where I
could not remember which way it was and
I would often do it wrong but then every
once in a while I'd do it right but it
was probably just by accident so I think
it's just it's just a hard name to me I
don't think there's anything else going
on and by the way what
racist thinks that they're improving
their situation by calling somebody by
the wrong name like how is that even
connected to
racism you know I suppose you could
argue it's showing
disrespect but do you think we had more
respect for Hillary Clinton and no it's
not because she's a woman no it's
Democrats and Republicans have some
differences that's all but I don't think
any of the name stuff has anything to do
with race that just seems stupid to
me anyway so there's another story uh
every day that we hear about that
attempted assassination it sounds worse
so now we know that the
FBI uh released the the Assassins
attempted assassins body Thomas krooks
and he was cre ated and apparently it
was a while ago so anybody who thought
they could learn something by studying
his Corps I don't know what you would
learn by it but that's not
available and people are saying we
should have at least known about this
that he was going to be cremated so if
we had an objection because we thought
we could learn something maybe that'd be
good I don't think we I don't think it
makes any difference if I were the
family I would just want I'd want to tie
things up as quickly as possible so if
the only story here is that the family
wanted this to happen I'm okay with it I
I don't think that's the biggest problem
in the
world James Carville continues to make
news uh he says that Republicans support
Israel because Jews are whiter than
Palestinians is that just a drunk
comment yeah does anybody think that's
true does that ring does that ring true
to anybody oh I'm seeing somebody
agreeing with that I'm seeing somebody
agree do you think that's
true that it's because uh Republicans
see Jews as whiter than
Palestinians all right you have
interesting opinions all over the place
um well I'd hate to think that that's
the
case I don't think I've ever witnessed
it you know when I witness somebody
who's a racist they usually throw both
of them in the same
category that's been my
experience I've never seen them say I
like this one because they're a little
bit whiter I've never seen that not not
in person not in any kind of
conversation I've ever been in but some
of you were what but I think you're just
assuming is
true I don't think you're basing it on
any conversation or your own opinion or
anything are
you I know it's a weird
one well Thailand has a new prime
minister a 37-year-old uh
woman when do we stop doing this as a
story is it time
yet can we stop doing the it's the first
time a woman had a job
can we can we just stop doing it
wouldn't we better be better off if
nobody mentioned it what if just nobody
mentioned it hey we got a new prime
minister hey it's a young woman
so oh
okay yeah so I suppose especially
because
it's
um especially because it's Thailand so
you might imagine they have different
thoughts about gender but apparently the
best person won it looks like so uh yeah
this is my my observation is always the
same everybody's racist until a good
candidate shows up have you noticed that
so we had this big old racist country
that we never this America would never
be able to elect a black person as
president and then Obama shows
up what made Obama special that allowed
him to win two terms Obama he just had a
lot of skill end of the story all you
needed was somebody who could do the job
and and America said oh all
right the the entire like the most basic
assumption about America that we too
racist to hire somebody who clearly has
the goods now whether you like or don't
like Obama he clearly had the goods
Goods to be a president right you can
hate him you can hate his policies but
he had the goods right he had the he had
the brains he had the game he had the
the political instincts he had he had
everything uh likewise Hillary Clinton
came within you know a hair of being a
president because she also had the goods
well she wasn't my choice but nobody
would argue that she didn't have the
brains and the experience and you know
all that stuff so when do we just get to
stop talking about it so this 37
year-old woman who is now the prime
minister of Thailand my guess is that no
matter how how uh you know misogynous
they were in Thailand I don't know if
they are but no matter how they were if
she showed up and she had the goods they
just said oh well you have the goods
that's okay again let's get back to
every person is an
individual it really help
you you heard in the news people
reporting that RFK Jr was going to ask
KL Harris or did ask her for a cabinet
position uh RFK JR says that is fake
news uh but also Nicole shanan said it
also that is fake news did not happen
and would not happen because they don't
really have a relationship with the
Democrats at this point and now you you
might ask yourself well are they
lying what if uh RFK Jr and his VP
Choice Nicole Shannon what if they're
lying well I suppose anything's possible
in our biger world but I'll just give
you my personal
opinion I so I got to meet and spend
some time with Nicole shanan because she
had me on her podcast
and I'm not going to say I'm the best
judge of people in the world but I judge
to be completely honest like she didn't
have a political bone in her body in
terms of
lying she just looked like a total
legitimate player who just wanted
something better for the world and was
you know putting her money in her time
into it and I'm not sure you get that
from
everybody right you might come away with
a good opinion of a politician but you
still think they're full of don't
you I love Trump like as an individual
you know as lucky enough to get to chat
with him once and he's just totally
engaging he he gives you his full
attention you feel like you're the only
person in the room I mean he's got the
whole Charisma package but he's also
fullish it right I didn't I didn't lose
sense of the fact that he's a politician
and in the modern world all politicians
are kind of fullish yet meaning he's
going to exaggerate his benefits he's
going to exaggerate how the other team
is doing it Etc now we don't mind too
much because it's the way the game is
played there's some on their
side there's a on your side you
don't really you know you kind of
discount
it but Nicole had shanan was different
she just seemed like an honest person
and when I was done talking with her I
thought I'd met an honest person so when
she says it didn't
happen I would bet on it if you said how
much would you bet that she's telling
the truth that they did not ask for some
cabinet everything million dollars sure
yeah I mean I would I would trust her
completely that that it didn't happen
and then RFK Jr also is highly credible
in my opinion so if the two of them say
it didn't happen I think you could Bank
on that all right my favorite part is
Trump uh introduced and well just gave
more details I guess on his idea of
quote Freedom cities he calls them
uh apparently onethird of the land mass
of the US is owned by the federal
government and not much of that land is
used so he wants to make uh that
available for 10 uh to Charter 10 new
Mega futuristic cities in various places
on Federal
Land um and he says they would become uh
historic job creation and easing of
traffic and uh hubs of innovation and
offer new families the opportunity to
own homes and uh unprecedented
opportunities for upand cominging
entrepreneurs build generation wealth
low taxes High reward
environment now how much do you hate
this idea if you're Republican well let
me give you the worst
objections right these are the
objections that would be embarrassing if
you have
them now anything could go wrong with
any plan but here are the worst
objections to this plan number one
uh you're creating a 15minute city so
you're trying to be the world economic
Forum no you're not you're just trying
to build a good
City that's it that's it and by the way
the plans will be available to everybody
to look at and by the way you won't be
forced to live there no it has nothing
to do with the world economic Forum 15
minute cities it would be different
people with different object objections
or different
objectives no that's the worst analogy
you could ever have it's just a new
better
City the next one is when governments
build cities uh you end up with ghost
cities like China where you have to you
waste all your money and you got to tear
them down later no no there's nothing
like China in
this this would be uh Private
Industry who decides they could make
money
they'll get the government to give them
some free land and maybe some less
regulation and then they will build the
city that they publicly told you they
were going to build now would they build
it if they hadn't done some research to
know they could fill it with people well
pretty much any new development gets
filled in America when was the last time
somebody built a development and and
they didn't sell all the houses it
doesn't happen much the developers are
pretty good at knowing where to put a
place so now whatever happens in China
was completely different than what
happens here in in America we've been
approving and building large
communities for a hundred
years and every one of them got filled
with people this would just be another
large community but designed a little
better that's all it's just designed
better don't worry about it it's not
going to be a ghost City because it was
designed
better
um government builds cities are a bad
idea in general because governments are
bad at Building Things No the
government's not going to build anything
the plan is not for the government to
build
anything the government is going to make
it easier for private developers who are
already built things to build something
better yeah no it's just making it
available to Private Industry that's
it and then I heard that rural people uh
are going to be against it and if I knew
more about about rural people I would
know that they're not going to like it
what what do the rural people have to do
with anything it's not going to be on
their
land it's going to be literally on land
where there are no people the rural
people can just live their life like it
never happened no the rural people have
nothing to worry
about they're they're going to take your
car and make you walk everywhere no
they're not you don't have to live there
there's going to be 10 of them maybe one
of them has no cars do you have to live
there no what if it doesn't work well
then you do something better it's like
everything else you try some stuff if it
doesn't work you do what's better if
they build 10 of them and three of them
are a big hit and seven of them are a
failure that's a giant leap forward
because then we build 30 more cities
based on the models that
worked everything about this is good
this is one of the few ideas where
everything about it is good and the
arguments are just
crazy just
crazy all
right
uh according to uh ex-user George who I
always tell he was a great
follow um on
X uh the Supreme Court the Georgia
Supreme Court has ruled that private
contractors working for the government
are also subject to public records
requests and you say to me well that's a
boring story why do I care that
government contractors are also subject
to document requests from the public
well some of those uh vendors might
include companies that run
elections so it might some say open up a
disclosure or Discovery to companies
like
Dominion U who would be contracted by a
state but would be private entities so
it might give the public some kind of a
back door into their documents was that
going to make a difference I don't know
but it'd be interesting to have more
transparency I continue to be baffled by
the story of New York mayor Eric Adams
in all of his legal troubles so he's
been accused of a bunch of things I
think they're all corruption related
charges um I don't have any idea if any
of those are true but I do have this
feeling I believe that pretty much all
local politicians are
corrupt or will be
eventually so there may be some cities
where there's still a few honest people
but over time it has to turn into into
the corrupt ones because the corrupt
ones are the ones who are going to
figure out how to monetize the job and
had to monetize the people who give them
money to get in the job you know the
people who support their campaigns
so right now our biggest problem in the
world is local governments and
specifically local governments as I said
before who get to decide which vendors
do what work that has to be taken out of
the control of the local government I
don't know what the local government
would do if they don't have uh control
over who gets what what uh what jobs but
there probably still be a lot there I
you just have to take the money out of
the government thing they just can't
control money that that's where all the
corruption comes
from and anyway so here's my biggest
complaint with the freedom
cities that Democrats would come to run
them that's it so suppose a developer
builds like this amazing new city a
freedom City and then they go to
populate it well they're also going to
need a mayor but let's say they build it
so it's really optimized for you know
people starting out and lower income
people well if you optimize it for lower
income
people and a lot of them are Democrats
because maybe the Republicans say you
know I'm going to stay out your 15minute
city so let's say it's mostly Democrats
who move into your new Trump City what's
going to happen total Destruction so
there there is no City design they can't
be ruined by
democrats and that's not meant to be a
political
statement I know it sounds like
one but I don't think there's a scenario
where you can put a bunch of Democrats
in the city and not have a corrupt
leadership because for whatever reason
they always vote for corrupt
leadership
so if you don't fix the how do you
manage the city there's no point in
building it there is no point in
building a new city if it's going to be
managed in the same way that the old
cities are managed in terms of the
government that's got to be the first
thing that changes I don't know if
there's a way to do that I don't know if
you can have a nonnormal city management
can you I don't know I don't
know suppose the developer said uh I'm
going to be in charge of the city and
we'll just run it like a
business I don't know they'd probably
become corrupt too over time there's got
to be some way to run a city
this is not what we're doing
now well meanwhile the Harris campaign
if you wanted to be a Harris campaign
worker uh you get to select from nine
different pronoun
options nine different pronoun options
my favorite that I never heard is Who
whoo
hhu so I think that means you
individually but also you collectively
like you know he and they who and who
I think that's the most confusing
pronoun ever why would you introduce a
new pronoun that sounds like who when
you're talking about
people who did it I
know no who did it I
know no who did it I know who did it I
mean it's exactly the it's exactly that
comedy routine except in this case who
refers to you know a number of people
not just
one all right well my my question is and
you may have had the same question how
can I add to this like what is what is
the uh crossover point where somebody's
personal opinion about what they should
be called becomes important enough that
it becomes on the list of nine things
that you can check it must be kind of a
low bar because I've never even heard of
anybody who was a hooo have you or a
you know XI I've never heard of a real
person who had those requirements so it
can't be many
people so I'd like to see if I could get
one added I haven't decided what it is
yet but I want to see if
maybe if I get everybody to call me it
whatever it is then maybe we could
popularize it a little bit see if we can
get added to the
list but I think I'd like to do it as
more of a prank so it should be pronouns
that have some kind of hidden meaning or
they insult somebody or they would be
impolite to say in
public
or uh yeah I'm thinking of something
like uh oh I don't know it would be
funnier if I could come up with an
example I'd like to be called a
Dilbert what yeah instead of he just
call me Dilbert
what if there are more than one
Dilbert's call me Dilbert or
Dilbert's and then they would say well
does it work for a woman and I would say
Define a
woman and they'd say touche and then
they start calling their women
Dilbert I think I think that's my
pronoun I want to be called
Dilbert and Dilbert's maybe with an s
there were a whole pack of Dilbert
coming you coming your
way all right so there's a uh as you
know uh Republicans are leading on the
top issues like the border the economy
and
crime so if you were to rank the issues
from most important to least important
the ones that universally are toward the
top Republicans have a commanding
Advantage
so then why isn't Trump way
ahead how does that make sense
commanding advantage and all the
important topics and yet not running
away with the election huh well some of
it might be the equality the polling
we've talked about before but I think
it's maybe something more basic that
Democrats not all of them of course
can't tell what's important
you know when um when I was trying to
get my MBA you take this test called the
GMS that's a test to see if you're smart
enough to get into business
school and one of the tests I'm not sure
they do it anymore is you were supposed
to figure out what was more
important in a little story about an
event so like what is what is the
important part of the story and if you
couldn't identify what was
important you couldn't even go to
business school because they don't want
somebody who can't identify what's
important it seem seems kind of basic
doesn't it but if somebody says that for
example
um well abortion climate change Dei
reparation and
pronouns if anybody's making an argument
that those should be in the top
five there's something wrong with them
now it could be that what's wrong is you
know they don't have the um the same
Talent stack as other people right so if
you were an
artist your whole life and you didn't
have other experience outside of art you
might think that abortion climate change
Dei reparations and pronouns are right
at the top of the
list you would not be very wise if you
thought that here here's how I think of
it if you don't get the economy right
everything is
dead if you don't get immigration right
we're all
dead if you don't get a voiding Wars
right we're all dead if you don't stop
crime we're all
dead that's why those are at the top of
my priority list you're dead now let's
take
theirs uh would the C would the country
still be a country if abortion laws were
changed yes yes it could be very
important to you individually but the
country would be somewhat unchanged by
the abortion laws in fact they did
change and the country just hummed the
LA right um now I'm not going to
Discount the fact that it has enormous
impact on individuals who are under one
set of abortion laws and now they're
under another they might be in a state
that doesn't support what they want to
do very big problem for some
individuals but if you're looking at the
country
no difference it just wasn't important
to the country important product or
important topic just not to the
well-being of the whole
country um look at climate
change climate change even if you
believe it's a kill the world
problem Elon Musk has the the smart way
to play it which is we're going to try
hard to get to that you know no carbon
future
but it's probably not something you have
to do tomorrow and in the short run
you're probably going to have to use
tons of carbon energy because otherwise
we're all
dead so if climate change is your top
thing then you're not working on the
problem of staying
alive right you're staying alive maybe
in some conceptual long term that nobody
can prove but you're having trouble
immediately and for a long time how
about Dei I don't even have to tell you
about that uh reparations these are just
racist programs reparations just a
racist
idea and the pronouns are just silly so
I think that the problem is the
Democrats can't tell what's
important and again I don't mean all
Democrats because of course there are
plenty of Democrats who would say the
economy is the number one thing but if
you look at the averages there does seem
to be a difference Republicans
can quite quite um accurately in my
opinion this has been my experience they
can tell you the most important things
in every
situation Am I
Wrong Republicans
quite predictably and reliably can look
at any situation in life and pick out
the important parts
Democrats again this is an average it
doesn't apply to every person Democrats
seem to
consistently not be able to find what's
important so it's not even an opinion
about like what's the best thing to do
about things it's not even knowing
what's important and I would say that
that's a talent stack
problem people have a certain set of
experience are always going to agree on
what's the most important stuff and
people who are inexperienced or they've
been a little Silo of
experience can often have opinions that
are disconnected from The Real World and
I think that's what's
happening anyway um the Trump campaign
there's rumors that it's going to have a
shakeup and
that Corey leowski might come back and
might
be the boss of the existing people that
not everybody is delated
with now is that true I don't know there
there's some talk that Trump uh just
wants his old team together um you've
seen some social media pressure in that
direction Mike cernovich
specifically and I don't know if Corey L
I don't know anything about Cory leowski
on a personal level but he had some you
know Scandal and he disappeared for a
while but we don't really care about
Scandal Do We does anybody really care
if Cory Le and he had some personal
Scandal you know some Affair not really
I mean if he can do the job he can do
the
job so wired uh the publication wired
did uh this big bubble influencer chart
so they tried to show the influencers on
the left and the influencers on the
right with this very impressive bubble
chart so I looked at the influencers on
the
left and I didn't
recognize any maybe one
name a whole bubble chart of the most
important influencers they're talking
about internet
influencers and I didn't know who any of
them were except one name Harry szen
because people make fun of him on X all
the time that's it I don't even know
much about him and then I looked at the
one on the right where I should have a
little more insight of who the
influencers are and uh here's what I
learned why has no idea who the
influential people are on the
right now I don't know maybe they got
the left wrong as well but they seem to
be thinking that the size of your
audience is and and that you talk about
politics uh is the determinant of your
influence has that been your
experience well I will just mention
again that Mike cernovich was not on the
list of Internet influential people
right if that's the only thing you knew
about it that should give you all you
need to
know the the the people on the left have
no
idea who who is moving the
needle and good the the less they know
about that probably the
better all
right uh there's another study from
Climate Change
Dispatch or I think that's where they
wrote about it uh it finds that Rising
CO2 enhances planetary Greening and
reduces drought risk well how about that
so one of the big problems of climate
warming would be the worry about drought
but apparently there's a new study that
suggests and again I'm not going to say
that this one's right and all the other
ones are wrong you can't trust anything
about climate or the pandemic the two
things that all of your data is
questionable no matter which direction
it's like I don't know I'm not sure I
believe anything in those domains but
the idea
is that there's a good correlation
between warming and CO2 which causes
lots of greenery and apparently if you
got a lot of
greenery probably follows that there's
more access to
water so my question would be this
suppose there's something to it and
suppose this correlation is real do you
believe that the climate models
included these factors of course
not of course not the climate models are
ridiculous they are ridiculous and you
should be embarrassed and angry that
anybody tried to sell them as
science all
right ladies and
gentlemen that is a rapid review through
the news today um I'm going to talk to
the people on locals my
subscribers and uh I'm going to say bye
to uh YouTube and uh
Rumble and uh X I will tell you that
I've got some announcements upcoming of
some products you're really going to
want maybe a calendar for
2025 it won't be on Amazon so you're
going to have to wait for me to tell you
where it is and uh do you remember my
book when
bigle it was quite influential um in the
past it was talking about Trump's 2016
race and his basically it was a lesson
on how to persuade As Told through the
story of trump and and me um so it's
going to be reissued because it's part
of what got cancelled and I've updated
it with just some updates it's it's not
majorly different but uh I'll tell you
when it's available and I'll tell you
how to get it that one will it will be
on Amazon but it's not there yet I just
have to do some final checks and then
it'll take a few weeks to be available
so in a few weeks look for some big
announcements in my domain all right um
thanks for joining everybody I'm coming
to locals privately we'll be with locals
in five
seconds
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e for