[Music]
good morning everybody and welcome to
the highlight of human civilization it's
called coffee with Scott Adams I'm
pretty sure there's never been a better
time in your life in the history of the
universe if you'd like to take it up to
levels that nobody can even understand
all you need is a cuper mug or a glass
of tanker gel orstein a canteen Jugger
flask a vessel of any kind fill it with
your favorite liquid like coffee and
join me now for the unparallel pleasure
the dopamine h of the day the thing that
makes everything better it's called the
simultaneous Sip and it happens now
go and uh I think I'm going to dip my
microphone in it because my microphone
is looking thirsty here you go here you
go take it take it it was a good visual
joke if you're listening on podcast
sorry that's some good coffee that's
good coffee well would you like to mock
all the dumb people
today anybody is anybody up for mocking
the dumb
people all right well we'll give you
some good news
first there uh you know there was the
CES the big uh consumer Electronic Show
and so we're seeing some of the
inventions coming out of that a lot of
cool stuff but my favorite is a machine
that turns uh air into water so it sucks
the moisture out of the
air and it makes a lot of water so it's
not just a little bit and so I ask you
this question is that going to change
everything if you could make your own
water right at your house and all you
need is
power yeah I think it's like a super
demitted dehumidifier or something like
that so wouldn't that change everything
I feel like the only thing missing now
is a septic system so you can be totally
Off the Grid because you can make your
electricity you can make your water you
just need uh something to some way to
get rid of that waste a little bit
better all right well that's a big deal
all right there's a new study says girls
outdo the boys at school and at
universities so that girls are getting
better
grades uh compared to boys not only in
school but in Upper education as well so
what's that tell you
nothing stop measuring the average of
people there are no average people
there's no average boy there's no
average girl and by the way if you know
anything about uh the real world you
know that boys tend to the extremes
there are more boys who are super
dumb and there are more boys who are
crazy
smart and women tend to be closer to the
mean so what ises it what does it tell
you that women or girls are getting
better grades than boys on average
nothing it literally tells you
nothing yeah I don't know what it tells
you besides nothing but uh we need to
really stop a iming that measuring the
average of any two groups tells you
something you can
use as soon as you say well I can use
that information then you're lost it
might be a curiosity but you can't use
it it has no no purpose because there
are no people who are
average as soon as you start using the
average to manage to people you're
discriminating let me say that again if
you think the average of the group means
anything has any value you're a racist
or a
sexist by definition as soon as you
think the average means something I say
it doesn't mean anything so therefore
I'm a good person compared to people who
measure
averages well here's a diet
reframe here's one of the most useful
diet reframes you could ever have and I
base this on my own experience which is
at the moment
um this is not bragging by the way I'm
getting I'm getting to some advice that
would be use good for you at the moment
I eat as much as I want of anything I
want as often as I
want and my target weight is exactly my
weight I'm actually below it I'm
actually below my target weight with no
effort it took zero
effort now what's the trck there's a
trck the trick is it's really really
hard to manage your
willpower and just eat less food do you
know why because willpower doesn't even
exist there's no such thing as willpower
it's an illusion so if you manage your
weight by managing to something that
doesn't even exist that's not even real
your willpower your free will those
aren't even things instead I manage to
my preference
so the reason I can eat everything I
want to eat is that I change my food
preferences so the only things I want to
eat are good for me I love broccoli for
example um I could eat as much as I
want because I don't really have a need
to eat so much broccoli and good food
it's kind of satisfying by itself so I
could e as much as I want of anything I
want and as long as I keep to foods that
are you know not full of sugar and bad
stuff
I can eat as much as I want whenever I
want all day long I just look look for
things and just eat them all day long
and it makes no difference to my weight
now you're going to say to yourself or
you should well I bet you exercise a lot
don't you I'll bet you you must be
running 10 miles a day because then you
know then it's easy to keep your weight
if you're so active nope nope I'm at the
lowest level of physical activity of my
entire life it's just a related you know
my knees don't go as far as I used to so
I I I do I work out regularly but it's a
light workout you know smaller weights
and stuff like
that so it has nothing to do with
anything except that I'm a
hypnotist so that's the bottom line
because I'm a hypnotist I know something
that a lot of you don't know that I can
I can manage my preferences I can
actually change what I like now if you
don't don't know how to do that you're
kind of stuck with imagining you have
willpower and good luck because you
don't but change your preferences with
food it's easy you just don't eat
something for a while and you'll lose
your craving for it that's about the
whole trick all right um now that I've
changed your lives let's talk about the
news Trump there's a report that Trump
had a pretty good joke uh back when he
was in office and he was visiting Kim
Jong-un and I guess he had Sarah hakabe
sers with him and reportedly Kim Jun
winked at
her and reportedly Trump wittily said to
Sarah Huckabee
Sanders uh Sarah you're gonna have to
take one for the team your husband and
kids will miss you but you'll be hero to
your
country how do you not like that how do
you not like
that first of all it's funny because he
said it in North Korea
he's standing in well South Korea but
he's standing near the DMZ and he's and
he's cracking jokes about Shar HCK
Sanders having an affair with Kim
juger come on you have to like that you
know you don't have to like everything
about him but that's pretty
funny all
right uh let's talk about my new fear of
flying so United Airlines has has been
widely reported is uh getting really big
into
Dei and there's a video of the CEO
talking about you know the emphasis that
going to put on hiring
minorities and increasing their
diversity now I think all of us agree
that's the last thing you want to hear
from your airline is that they're trying
to focus on anything except safety now I
get that in a perfect world you could do
it all in a perfect world but we don't
don't really live in one of those we
live in a world where if you're focusing
on something you're going to get more of
it and if you if you diversify your
focus you better be careful where you
diversify it to so so we've got the
problem that the airlines are pushing
for diversity but I think there are at
least two fake newses in the stories I'm
going to tell you fake news number one
uh I think there there's a big pictures
of the CEO himself CEO of United media
dressed in
Drag and the suggestion is that he's a
crossdressing lgbtq person and therefore
no wonder he's pushing
diversity however when I looked at the
photo that alleges to be him dancing in
front of his staff dressed in drag it
doesn't look real to
me does it look real to you looks AI
generated
it's it's sort of too on the
nose but there is a separ there is
another photo that does look real to me
there's a picture of him dressed as a
woman standing next to another woman
well not another woman standing next to
a woman who's dressed in what looks like
a Halloween
costume that's right he it looks like he
dressed once as a woman for Halloween
but then it looks like maybe I'm just
guessing AI created you know another
picture that made it look like there's a
something he does
naturally so the first thing I would
question is are any of those photos real
and are we counting the Halloween photo
as meaning something more than it does
now I know I see in your comments that
some of you were screaming it's real
look at this other photo I don't believe
any of the photos so here's the thing if
you believe a photo in
2024 because it looks real you really
have have to stop
that looking real doesn't mean anything
it's
2024 so uh I'm going to say I don't
believe the story about him being a
crossdraft now if it turns out that I'm
wrong I'm wrong but you shouldn't
believe it because there are pictures
that's not good enough reason that's a
little too on the
nose yeah all right um then there's the
FAA uh who says they're uh they're
actively recruiting workers who suffer
quote severe intellectual disability
psychiatric problems and other mental
and physical conditions uh under a
diversity and inclusion uh thing now how
many of you think you are FAA in charge
of
flying uh should be putting their
concentration in getting people who have
serious mental and physical
disabilities I'm going to call this one
fake news fake news
fake news do you think that they were
going to hire pilots who are
blind when you read this story is that
what you thought did you think the FAA
was was going to like guess some flight
control people
who uh who have IQs a
10 the the the part that's left out of
the story is what jobs they're looking
to
fill don't you think there are you know
plenty of jobs that you could
legitimately give people who have all
manner of mental and physical problems
and they would do just fine yeah well
let's not get too excited about this one
this story until we find out what those
jobs are if it turns out they're
literally looking to hire pilots and you
know flight you know flight what do you
call they the radar people the flight
controller people if they're really
looking to hire people who can't do the
jobs for those jobs that's a problem but
that seems pretty
unlikely so yeah I don't think they're
going to be you know fixing the plane
necessarily so I'm just going to say uh
for both of these stories could be real
it could be but what we have so far
would not suggest that they are but they
could be so if so if I'm wrong I'm not
wrong I'm you know I'm trying to hedge
if I'm wrong I'm not wrong because I'm
telling you that they're credible that
could also be true but what we have now
is not credible on its
surface
anyway um there's a story in the Wall
Street Journal that the mentions from
big companies and their earnings calls
that the number of times they mentioned
ESG uh had peaked a few years ago but
now is heading down because ESG is sort
of a dirty word and it's actually
embarrassing to say you're involved in
it
so um that's good so there's lots of
pressure on these companies to not admit
they're involved with ESG that's a step
in the right
direction
now um unrelated to all of this ESG and
the FAA and United
Airlines uh two planes collided in
Chicago two planes two planes it look
looks like nobody got hurt I think it
was just the runway two planes glided
Shugo now
again if if you're connecting all these
stories and you're saying hey United
Airlines is increasing their diversity
hiring and the FAA is trying to hire
more people with mental and physical
disabilities it can't be a coincidence
that a plane knocked into another plane
but it probably is it probably is
exactly that just stuff happens it's a
it's an icy cold time things bump into
other things let's talk about
Iowa and all the
candidates so here's what I've noticed
and this is just anecdotal uh I'll just
see if this matches what what uh you you
think I have seen people change their
minds about
candidates so change their minds about
Republican candidates have you have you
seen anybody who was supporting one
candidate then decided to support
another a few I've seen a few yeah and
yeah and even in the news and um even on
social media we see a few people but
here's what I haven't seen yet I've
never seen anybody change their vote to
Haley I haven't seen it every person
who's changed has changed to
v everyone every person who used to
support a different candidate but has
changed in the last three months changed
to v
everyone I think can in the comments
have you seen any exception to that you
know it's just anecdotal so don't you
can't take it too seriously but I've
only seen one
direction I've only seen One
Direction
yeah well I don't know it's it's kind of
it's kind of striking I only see in One
Direction
but the rumors about V are just they're
so wild that they're funny so I'm just
going to read them all now I want to see
how many of you actually believe any of
these if you do you should be
embarrassed but I know you won't be
right so let's see how embarrassed you
want to be
um so here are the top reasons I saw
there are eight of them eight reasons to
not support V number one that he's a
world economic Forum Soros puppet and he
took a scholarship from Soros family
member not George Soros but some Soros
family
member all right now do you think that's
a good is that a good
attack how many think that's a good
attack he literally has the opposite
opinions of the we F and and the Soros
organizations he's literally the
opposite they're not they're not going
to fund him of all the people in the
world that would never give him a penny
but he took their money so you telling
me you feel bad because he took money
from a Soros family member and he's not
a climate alarmist and he's not in favor
of all this uh Equity stuff he's
basically the literal opposite of Soros
and the WF and and you think he's their
puppet they're very bad at
puppetry if you're going to be a puppet
master the you know rule number one is
your Pua has to do something related to
the strings you're pulling if you're
pulling the strings and your puet is
doing literally the opposite of what you
wanted to do when you're pulling the
strings you're very bad at puppet
mastering
so if you think that he's going to like
take office and suddenly change all of
his
opinions that doesn't
work you the people do definitely change
an opinion maybe more than one you know
they can soften opinion or so but he's
not going to go from climate change is
 to fully embracing it that's
not going to happen he's not going to
suddenly decide diversity is his top
priority or Equity none of that's going
to happen if you think any of that's
possible that's just
silly how about number two
uh he's too smart I'm hearing a lot of
people complain he seems too
smart
okay I guess our I guess our standards
are so
low that we think smart is a red flag
wait a minute wait a minute what are
they trying to pull with us trying to
put a smart candidate in there I don't
know about that I'm a little suspicious
of all those
brains that's actually one of the top
ples right what else we
got I heard this morning I've heard this
a lot that V is a Manchurian Candidate
do you know why they say that because
it's a movie they've heard of that's
why about 25% of all public opinions are
based on the movie you watched yeah how
about soil and green as people and we're
in the Matrix yeah now if if your
opinion happens to exactly match a movie
title no if your opinion matches a movie
title I'm not going to listen to you
you're gonna have to do better than that
all right how about
um he reminds us too much of Obama
because he's you know really capable and
he's a good talker and he came out of
nowhere so therefore that's bad
right what he literally again has the
opposite the the direct opposite
policies of Obama the part that people
are comparing to him to Obama is
somebody who's really smart and can
exceed
expectations that's the
criticism let me say it again the
criticism is that he's really smart like
Obama and maybe he'll exceed
expectations
okay that's what you have really that's
what you have is he might be so Obama
that he exceeds expectations because
he's also
smart he has opposite policies of Obama
and you're worried about that okay how
about uh he's the big Pharma candidate
he's the big Pharma candidate because he
worked in
Pharma how many you think that he's a
big Pharma candidate let let me explain
something about big
Pharma fizer doesn't give a about
the other big
farma what do you think they're working
together you think the big farmer is one
thing they're competing there there's no
big Pharma company that gives one
about another big Pharma company they
don't care you know they might have some
like an interest in common somewhere
here and there but no the fact that he
once owned a company that was in that
space it doesn't mean he supports the
other Pharma companies there there's no
connecting tissue to that there's no
logical if this that that that's just
crazy he's just a guy who had a company
that he doesn't have now because he made
his billion dollars or
whatever all right so you're GNA have to
do better than he's the Pharma candidate
somebody also said he somehow made money
on every
shot how's that a
criticism if I could have made money on
every vaccination I certainly would have
would you not if you could have made
money on every vaccination Legally
Legally you wouldn't have done it
seriously you wouldn't have done that if
you knew it was going to happen anyway
if you knew it was going to happen
anyway now first of all I don't know
that he did that it seems unlikely that
it's true but what's wrong with making
money why are you complaining about
that yeah now if he was the one
promoting the shots then you might have
an argument there's no evidence of that
is
there anyway I I'm I don't think he was
in favor of the mandates um people say
he has no political record but of course
that's why they liked
Trump he has no political record why why
is that negative to have no political
experience have we not learned that that
doesn't matter
it's like saying Reagan can't be
president because he an actor Trump
can't be president because he's a real
estate guy and he was on a TV
show I don't know seems like positive
not to have a political record uh and
then the strangest one but really it's a
compliment to Trump's persuasion there
are a lot of people who say that it
needs to be Trump because he
deserves your
loyalty it needs to be Trump because
he's earned it he was is robbed and he
deserves your
loyalty would you vote based on that
basis now first of all those are true
statements so let's let's distinguish
between what's a true statement and
what's a reason here are some true
statements it does feel like he got
robbed I mean I can't prove it but it
feels like it it does feel like you know
he does ask for loyalty and he does get
it he has very loyal base and you know
maybe you got robbed
and maybe deserves it I would actually
go so far as to say he deser deserves it
but why would you vote against your own
interests that's the opposite of what
you're supposed to be doing as a voter
you're supposed to vote for what is good
for you and ideally it's good for the
country as well but first
you there there are a number of people
who have said
directly that their their interest is
Trump
and I kind of like that because he's so
good at what he does and and he shows
loyalty to his base and they show it
back but that's why you'd vote for
him the reason you should vote for him
is you think he'll do the best
job and I don't I don't see that I think
people are actually saying that they're
magga so they're voting for him that's
not really a reason or that he he got
cheated so they'll vote for him that's
not a
reason those are not reasons those are
just truths oh as you see it I don't
know if they're true but they're just
facts or maybe not but you need a reason
the reason is you're sure he'll do a
better job than the other
Alternatives now you might say to me but
Scott I just say it that way obviously
it's his policies that I'm responding to
I don't think so I think that you're
responding to him first and then it's
it's lucky that you also like his
policies that's that's a dangerous place
to be you you know when um the Democrats
say that the Trump supporters are a
cult well it's not a cult in any
traditional way but it's definitely true
that he has created a uh almost a Love
or a loyalty that people are putting
above their own
self-interest they're putting Trump's
benefit benefit of o their own
self-interest and part of it is because
you think he did that for you which he
did by the way he did put your the
America's best interest above his own I
think he actually did that now I
obviously he probably wanted you know
everybody to work out including himself
but he took a pretty big personal
risk to to help the country in my
opinion so I think you could I I think
you can love
Trump I love Trump
honestly I just like I just love the
guy so I agree with you if you have a
good feeling about
him and also if you if you ever have the
opportunity to meet him in
person it's hard to walk away without
loving him I mean he's a really he's
really nice and generous in person it's
hard to walk away and have a bad feeling
so I have a good feeling about him if
he's if he's the candidate I'll support
him completely
um but don't vote for him because of
your feeling that's just the worst
reason vote for it because what's good
for you now here's my argument for
V even if you love Trump more even if
you think he's the original and V is the
you know the the
imitation how do you ignore the fact
that they're going to come for Trump in
a way they would never come for anybody
else how do you not count that in your
calculation because you could say well
that's not Trump's fault maybe maybe
it's the democrat's fault because it's
how they come after him but it's still a
fact you you can't say I wish it weren't
true and then say I'm not going to
include it because I wish it weren't
true it's actually true a pres a TR
Trump presidency could cause the
destruction of the entire country that's
not a zero risk
it's above zero I don't think it's a big
risk but it's above
zero and and that's a risk you don't
have to put up with you could get
younger uh younger stronger more likely
to make
change uh without that so that's that's
the calculation that some of us are
making but uh realistically will vaank
make it to the Finish Line
well probably a lot depends on the next
two primaries but uh he's also said
directly F fake has that he's he's
basically the emergency candidate under
glass I'm I'm paraphrasing he doesn't
say that um but the idea is that the the
bad people will stop at nothing to stop
Trump and there's no limits to what
they'll do therefore if you don't have a
backup plan ready you're going to regret
it I actually agree with that um people
like Tucker Carlson are saying directly
very directly it looks like they're
going to kill
Trump
now I'm not going to predict that
happens I think it's more likely they
don't but I do believe it's under it's
being
discussed you know I I'm sure there
somewhere in that big ugly mess of you
know political activity there's somebody
talking about it
probably yeah and I do think we live in
a country where that could happen I do
think that uh the dark Forces are that
dark yeah and wouldn't be surprised if
it's happened
before so let's see
um I I'm seeing a lot of activity in the
anti space of people who look like page
trols but maybe they're just supporting
other candidates but they're not acting
rationally that
the complaints about vake are not
rational they really
aren't
um but if you said oh let me tell you
well let me let me give you the best
arguments against
them the best ones are terrible the best
one is uh you haven't seen him in a
political office so you don't know what
happen true do you think you know what's
going to happen if Trump got elected
do you think you knew what was going to
happen when Biden got elected it's all
unpredictable so if you think that uh if
you think that V's performance is
unpredictable and therefore that's a
problem for you they're all
unpredictable they're all unpredictable
you can tell you can tell directionally
which way he's leaning you can tell he's
a a high-end you know entrepreneur CEO
type but you don't know what's going to
happen you know pretending you know is
is kind of strange uh I'm going to go on
record and saying that Trump would never
pick vake as well I'm going to say that
differently uh I don't think V would
ever take the vice presidency under
Trump and the reason is simple he's just
too
smart it it would be um maybe great for
the
country might be great for the country
but it would be absurd for V to take a
job that would destroy him for the rest
of his life right we don't ask our
politicians to destroy themselves like
that's not something you could ask of
him and I don't think anybody's going to
survive being Trump's vice president do
you who who in the world is going to
survive being Trump's vice president
it's a suicide mission it's just a
suicide mission yeah somebody will do it
probably but it's a suicide mission so I
don't want that I don't wish that in
vake he would be far more valuable to
wait four years and run
again wouldn't you agree if you had a
choice of a VP VI and you thought he
could get a lot done but he would
certainly be destroyed in the process
wouldn't you rather just keep him
fresh as he likes to say keep a fresh
horse I think that would be the better
play if if you think he's that strong
I'd keep him out of trouble for four
years um
let's see apparently the Haley
supporters in Iowa 50% of them would
vote for Biden if it's not
Haley so this is not really a real
caucus I'm not even sure a caucus is
real in
general this is totally artificial you
know there it's a bunch of
Democrats the Democrats because there's
no uh rep there's no Democrat primary
they can declare themselves whatever
they want because they don't have to
save themselves to vote for a Democrat
so The Independents and the Democrats
can pretend the
Republicans try to game the system
they're probably enough people gaming
the system that the vote is uh that the
vote won't really be the will of the
people wouldn't you say I I don't
believe the will of the people will be
expressed in Iowa whatever it is it's
some weird combination of effort and
media and you know trickery and you know
influence and all that
stuff now I do think there's a high
likelihood V will
overperform because I think that his his
supporters are hard to reach in a
poll don't know and I would say that V's
in good shape if he beats any one of the
candidates soake were to Edge out
DeSantis for
example and we looked at Haley and said
but wait a minute it looks like V
legitimately beat DeSantis and the only
person who beat him was Haley and her
votes are fake they're Democrats then
how do you like
him think about it this this is a very a
pretty solid possibility if he beats D
santis that's serious but if he comes in
still quite behind Haley he still looks
like he beat
her because you would suspect your votes
are fake
right Ju Just think about the day after
if he
places above dentus he's your strong
number two even if he comes in number
three I don't I don't think you you're
prepared for that because as long as
Haley looks like an illegitimate vote
getter because of all the Democrat
trickery it's going to look like V
one and and by the way coming second to
Trump is going to look like winning
it because that would be the the
surprise so when V says he's got a
surprise coming nobody can guarantee
anything nobody can guarantee
anything but boy does he have a
possibility he really has a possibility
here to to shake the
planet so much of the rest of your
life will be decided in little Frozen
Iowa today much of the rest of your life
will be decided today could be could be
you know don't
know all right
um there's a poll of ABC News ipsos ask
people about their support apparently
only 33% said they approve of Biden now
and that's the lowest that's just about
the lowest presidents ever had since I
don't know George Bush or something
so how in the world are we even talking
about this being a competitive
race when the Democrat has the lowest
numbers and you know what else is that
an alltime low or almost the number of
registered
Democrats so the number of Democrats has
decreased while Biden's in office people
are literally Running Scared from even
being associated as a Democrat now I
think they're probably just registering
Democrat or I think they're just
registering independent they're not
changing to Republicans so you just
can't tell who they are which is an
interesting thing because if you can't
tell who the Democrats and the
Republicans are if they all start
registering uh registering as
Independents that could get
confusing it already is all right so uh
let me ask you this I'll bet you can get
pretty close to guessing this
answer uh and if you're just joining us
watch how smart my audience is that's
right that's the answer before I ask the
question yeah um the number of
respondents who say that Biden has the
adequate mental sharpness for the job
28% let me repeat
that of all voters not just
Republicans all
voters only
28% think the president of the United
States is mentally
fit and he's running he's running dead
even with Trump practically in the
polling
28% but don't get too cocky because 47%
say uh Trump is not mentally sharp
enough to be president so about half of
the people say Trump's not capable
mentally 28%
say that Biden
is and you're going to let
VI not be a
candidate just just hold this in your
mind for a moment that the two major
parties have probably settled you know
we'll find out today but may have
settled on the two least mentally
capable people that we all know who are
in politics because there's nobody else
who would have gotten these scores
okay you can't think of any other
candidate who would gotten so low scores
for being mentally fit now I think Trump
is fine he's not giving off any
suggestion of not being mentally fit but
he is a certain age so if it happens
it's going to happen fast how in the
world do you look at
V probably the smartest person who's
runs for president since
Jefferson and not want that how do you
not want the G20 to look at your
president and say
oh uh I better up my game if I'm going
to talk to that
guy yeah you want the G20 to be a little
bit intimidated by your president you
know and not just because he's a
bully but I don't think we're sending a
fear into the other countries if our own
country thinks our president at least
would be 50% would think he's not
mentally sharp enough or maybe maybe 70%
anyway uh here here are all the Nikki
Haley
rumors one is that uh Trump would has
already picked Nikki hilly as his VP at
least mentally and that um she will drop
out and endorse Trump in return for vice
presidency how many think that's going
to
happen I'd say nope nope I no I do not
see Trump shooting himself in the foot
The Head and the
chest there there's no chance yeah that
wouldn't be just shooting yourself in
the foot that would be like a chest a
head a double tap how in the world does
anybody think that's going to happen no
way I I wouldn't support him by the way
let me say that if he picked Nikki Hy I
wouldn't support Trump that that would
be that would be lights out so I know
he's not going to do it he's not going
to do that because he know he knows a
lot of people would say the same
thing um here's some more Nikki hilly
rumors Mark cubin has actually tweeted
or posted that uh you know how many uh
how many Iowa crossover voters around
there for Haley so he's actually
acknowledging as we know that Haley's
voters will not be
genuine but they say allowed so the Iowa
caucus is really just a joke with the
crossover votes um the says the plan is
to take Trump out after he wins the
nomination but after he's picked uh I
guess hay as a VP and then she could be
slotted in there after they take him
out but this also assumes that Trump
picks hilly as the VP doesn't it or does
it I suppose it I suppose it could still
work if she simply did well and then
they just give her the nomination yeah
they they'd have to explain why they're
not giving it to DeSantis but if if
Nikki hilly does unusually well in the
uh early
States and Trump gets taken
out you can see why there'd be a fear
that Nikki Haley might be waiting in the
wings to be slotted in by the evil
powers that are so in that context V
offers himself as the solution to that
because if you've got of aake who I call
the sword of
truth I kind of like that the sword of
truth because truth is his campaign
thing
um I don't think they're going to take
Trump out if there's a vac in Sidelines
that could
win that would be too dangerous NBC is
talking about the Democrats are
organizing a military coup against Trump
now I use that word
advisedly um but
hyperbolically because what they're
trying to do is make sure that the
military the US military doesn't
necessarily do what Trump asks if he
becomes
president that's actually happening now
how do you not get executed for doing
that like how how is that not literally
a capital offense where if you're
prosecuted you get executed for it how
in the
world are our politicians allowed to
talk to members of the military and try
to convince them not to follow their
boss the
commander-in-chief and if they were to
succeed at this Mission would that not
be an
Insurrection
traitors isn't that the death sentence I
I thought we had a long tradition of
that being literally the death sentence
because there's nothing worse you could
do but not only is it being done but NBC
is just unashamedly reporting
it like it's somehow just sort of normal
business you know and NBC is the one
that the smart people say is just the
cia's organ so that's pretty scary so
when V says they will stop at
nothing to prevent Trump from taking
office he's serious that's not an exag
ation they would stop at nothing
including murdering him cheating rigging
the election whatever it takes I I do
believe they would stop at
nothing so we'll keep an eye on that um
the only reason that doesn't scare me
more is
that I think the military is probably I
hope still too well trained for that to
be an issue I mean I don't think there's
any body in the military who doesn't
learn that um they have civilian rule do
you think there's anybody in the
military who doesn't
know that if a general says yes and and
the commander-in-chief says no that the
commander-in-chief's the boss I think
they all know that so asking the
military to be
Traders I don't I can't see that they're
getting a good reaction to that but I
hope
not
anyway uh Trump
was funny at his rally in uh Iowa so you
know of course it's just insanely cold
there and there's a big snowstorm and I
mean it's just really dangerous cold and
uh Trump said quote you can't sit home
if you're sick as a dog you say darling
I gotta make it Trump said at uh the
rally even if you vote and then pass
away it's worth
it even if you vote and pass away
it's worth
it now when you see it
reported it's reported like he doesn't
like his uh he doesn't care about his uh
supporters and the only thing he cares
about is getting elected that's that's
the way it's being presented if you
watch the video the audience thinks it's
pretty funny and so do I I laughed when
I read it but I laughed harder when I
heard him say it yeah to to imagine that
this is a negative
that this is why they love him this is
exactly why they love him because he can
make them laugh you know he feels part
of
them uh the other big uh knock I saw
against V people said they didn't like V
because he's not
Maga to which I say uh there's
everything wrong with that opinion
number one his his opinions are
completely compatible with what the Maga
people like completely number two why
should somebody be
Mega why isn't it isn't it good enough
that you have all the right policies and
you're brilliant and
capable you you you gotta you got to put
on a Maga hat or you can't be supported
see that's what that's where people talk
about being a cult I I've never
identified as Maga because I think
identifying was something that people
will call a maggot it just a bad play
you know you can see it coming but also
it's
joining why should you be a joiner why
can't you just support somebody because
you like what they might do why do you
have to be on the team why do you have
to have like why do you have to get a
tattoo on it or whatever it
is stop it I saw that comment stop it
colonizers yeah so I wouldn't uh give
him a ding for not being Mega um I think
you ought to be we all need to be
careful whether we're supporting
ourselves or him
and just make sure you're you're doing
what's good for you not voting for Trump
because you're Mega and he's owed the
presidency those are not good
reasons um but I love Trump I think he's
great all
right here's my problem with uh Trump's
chances
so we know now that the Democrats are
going to Spring the he's a dictator trap
and the way the Trap works is they Prime
everybody and say he's a dictator he's a
dictator and then they wait for
something to happen and then they say
there it is we told you there there he
is acting like a
dictator and my problem is I don't think
he can escape this trap it's a good trap
he's the only person in the world who
can't get out of it
I believe that 100% of the rest of us
like everybody else on the planet except
Trump could easily refute the charge
that you plan to be a dictator you could
just laugh about it you say how am I
going to do
that Don Jr didn't even know that there
was a that there was trouble at the
January 6 well that's not true Don Jr
was not part of any kind of a you know
January 6 coup
we can tell from the records he he
didn't have any idea there was any coup
going on because it wasn't there was a
protest but here's what the AP says so
here's how they characterize Trump in
their title uh they say it his closing
pitch to Iowa Republicans Trump says uh
their vote can help him punish his
enemies do you want to vote for the
candidate just so you can punish his
enemies that's not a good reason it's
also not what he
said it's fake news he didn't say that
if you read the the title it looks like
he did if you read the quote and at
least to their credit they give them the
quote here here's what he actually
said well this is what they also said so
AP characterized him this way so they
further characterized him as uh Donald
Trump implored his implored his
supporters on Sunday to Brave the frigid
temperatures and deliver him decisive
Victory blah blah blah saying their vote
would help bring to Washington the
retribution he has repeatedly
promised so if he's all about the
punishing his enemies and all about the
retribution then when they give the
quote of exactly what he said you should
see punishing my enemies and retribution
right because that's how they
characterized it so here's the actual
quote so you find the retribution and
the punishment in the actual quote quote
from Trump these caucuses are your
personal chance to score the ultimate
victory over all the liars cheaters
thugs perverts frauds Crooks freaks
creeps and other quite nice
people Trump told the audience and then
quote the Washington swamp has done
everything in its power to take away
your voice but tomorrow is your time to
turn on them and say uh to say and speak
your mind and to
vote here quote is about the citizens
getting what they
want and the AP turned it into punishing
his
enemies it's not even close that's not
even close to what he said he very
clearly put it in the terms of what's
good for his voters he took their
perspective he said from your
perspective you don't want all these you
know cheaters Thugs and perverts which
is exactly what they don't want yeah so
you can see how easy it will be to craft
the he's a dictator just wants his
revenge you know everybody's a puppet
they can literally just make up a
headline and attach it to some real
story and people will just read the
headline and it will
work
um
so um I believe that Trump is the only
candidate who would not have the ability
to debunk and completely destroy the
narrative that he's he's an going to be
a dictator I think he's too wed to the
the strength projection you know looking
strong and going after his his enemies
and stuff and as long as he does that
he's just going to fall all the way to
the bottom of the
Trap so if I had to bet on
him uh doesn't look good actually if he
gets a nomination
even with the polling I think they will
just paint him as a a dictator and it'll
work I think it'll work so I worry that
he can't win even if he gets
nominated so there's that I'm not sure
if anybody else can because you know we
the system is the system but they do
have the one trap that he uniquely can't
get out of I don't how to ignore that by
the way does anybody disagree does
anybody think that Trump will just
breezily dismiss the dictator thing and
he'll just make it go away by not acting
like a dictator and laughing at it he
could anybody could it would be the
easiest thing to do to to not act like a
dictator I don't think he can do it so
some are saying he can let's take that
as a bet do you want to place a
bet I'm going to place a bet that
whether he wins or loses the election so
that's not the bet so I'm not betting on
the election outcome the bet with no
money my bet is that he will never do
anything which you will interpret as
getting rid of the dictator uh
label I believe he'll do nothing that
helps he'll just say oh you're the
dictators or stuff like that it'll just
accuse the other side which might work
might work yeah so so no money but I'm
going to bet that he's the only person
who can't get out of this trap it's a
good
trap all
right
um so uh Bill Amman as you know he's
been going after Dei at colleges and
he's decided to back a candidate Dean
Phillips who is running against uh Biden
but not as successfully because this was
not really a
primary so Bill Amman spends all this
time publicly being the the face of
going after Dei for being you know
basically a
poison and then he backs Dean Phillips
who apparently on his website backs
Dei now that's
awkward so he's backing a pro Dei Dei
guy while being the most famous Dei guy
now when people pointed out did Bill
lman say oh shoot I didn't know that I
withd allw my uh
endorsement he didn't uh and one of the
things we like about him is he's not a
quitter I he's a fighter he's a
gladiator um so I have the same feeling
about him that I do about
Trump you you can't be mad that he
fights that's like what he's good
for you can't expect him not to be a
fighter one day just to wake up and he's
a different personality he's no longer a
fighter no he's a fighter he he's going
to take it all the way uh he's he's
replacing the Harvard board you know Etc
so once he finds out that Dean that uh
Dean
Phillips is a Dei guy his response is
that they're going to re-educate him
because bill says you know he also
thought Dei was good at one point
because diversity is good he didn't
realize that the the process is is
corrupt and that when they educate him
that they can get him to change his
mind really
really I mean
really he's not going to change his
mind that does Bill akman really think
that a Democrat is going to turn on
Dei does he not know that his only
chance is
Republicans I mean he apparently is an
independent doesn't want to be a
Republican and I get why he doesn't want
to be Republican
but there's only one path the only path
away from Dei is Republican there
there's no hope of the Democrats running
an anti- Dei candidate that's not going
to
happen
so yeah I you know I hate that he got
himself in a trap here but the that the
Trap
is the Trap I think is believing the
Democrats were ever legitimate and
serious I think that's the
Trap you know the the things that Trump
says I'm I'm absolutely convinced he
thinks are the right things to do it
would be hard to pick anything that
Trump says and say you know I don't
think you really believe that I think
you're saying that just for effect I
can't think of a thing I can't think of
a thing that Trump says just for a fact
they do appear to be legitimately his
opinions but
do you think all of the Democrats have
the Dei
opinion yeah I don't think I don't know
what Federman said about it yet but I'm
curious all right so that's that's a
little issue
there speaking of Dei uh let's see uh
Rice
University you're gonna think this is a
joke this is not a
joke uh rice univers
is uh they've introduced a new course
it's called Uh a Afra
chemistry afri chemistry so it's
chemistry for African-American students
and it's chemistry with an
African-American
[Music]
sensibility I know it sounds like I'm
making it
up so uh since I'm already canc
L let let me say what the big problem
is you know what the country really
needs more than just anything it needs
white people who can say no to Black uh
women who have you know power I I feel
like white men will just never say no to
a black woman because it's just suicide
in in a professional sense because you
don't want them against you because
you're going to get you know you'll be
ACC to being racist so I feel like um
and I'm not saying that you know black
women have bad opinions I'm saying that
nobody can be good if they don't get
somebody pushing back you know all of
our systems require push
back and I think white men just say I'm
not even going to go there just just you
know I I'll just go hide somewhere until
this blows over because they're just not
going to start a fight with black women
black men Maybe
you know I I think white men would have
a uh honest conversation with a black
man that's been my experience when when
I got cancelled black men all wanted to
talk to me to find out what I was
thinking find out if it's a problem say
see if they could change my mind find
out if they should be offended they they
were actually just hey let's engage on
this so black men are all in they're
they're completely down for let's talk
about this let's figure it out but I
feel like uh I feel like white men in
particular are just never going to get
an argument with a black woman in a in a
corporate or government situation it's
just suicide and that's a that's a bad
system it's a bad system so again if
you're hearing this like I'm saying
there's something wrong with any of the
people involved I'm not it's a system
problem not a person
problem yeah if if any if anybody in the
system had too much power be they the
white men right you don't want the white
men to have all the power either because
they need as much push back as everybody
else so nobody can have no push back
power it's bad well I guess the Navy is
surging in the Middle East oh big
surprise we're sending another carrier
group to the Middle East well that's the
most surprising thing in the world which
everybody knew was going to happen now I
don't know if it's signaling that
we're you taking another step of
escalation but Sweden is quote bracing
for war with
Russia the Swedish Minister told the
citizens to to get moving and prepare
for the end of 210 years of
Peace
Sweden thinks everything's going to go
to hell and and Russia's going to attack
I don't think that's going to
happen um I think that it's hard to sort
out what true and what's false about
Russia right I don't want to be the
gullible person who thinks Putin tells
the truth all right I don't want to be
that person because obviously that's not
true um but I don't want to be the
person who just agrees with everything
that's ever said bad about Russia that
feels like a bad look
too so so far see if I'm wrong I I've
heard this commentary but I don't I need
a fact check on it is it true that so
far Putin has only shown interest in
invading countries that are majority or
portions of countries that are majority
Russians speaking and if you held a vote
they would say we'd rather be Russian
true or false that he's only taking over
parts that wanted to be Russian in the
first place by
majority now does that indicate that he
would take over a country that is not of
that character because I don't think it
does I don't think it I don't think it
follows that he's just playing a clever
Hitler game where the first thing you
take over is Austria because you say
well
Austria you know German speaking
practically Germany ah you know and then
then you find out wait a minute he's
taking over Poland now he he's not
stopping with the German speaking people
I don't think Putin's doing that but I
wouldn't call it crazy if he said I
think maybe he is to me it looks like
he's trying to build back a greater
Russia um and doing things that would be
internally popular to do it I don't see
a ton of interest in conquering
China or
Italy I mean I am I
wrong
so um I feel like we're trying to to
make a war with Russia that's kind of
optional all right ladies and gentlemen
that completes my prepared
comments um today's going to be a fun
day of news watching uh will the when do
we get a final vote on the caucuses or a
final outcome will the caucuses have an
outcome by 7
PM local time
Iowa not tonight do you think it won't
be
tonight 1 p.m. Iowa time that's when
they stop voting but will they have will
they have any kind of an
answer Yemen missile attacked a US cargo
ship well let me ask you this question
again are the
Iranians are the Iranian tankers just
going back and forth in the Red Sea
without without any problem
yeah don't you think we're going to take
out an Iranian
ship that's what I do I'd probably take
out an Iranian ship and say you know I
don't know who did that it was probably
those hoodies I hear the hoodies are
just terrible sorry ran I think they
took out your
ship I I think that's where we're ending
up I feel like we're going to take out a
ship although you don't want
to you
know at some point we're going to have
to go pretty hard on Iran I don't see
there's any possibility of
not on the John Bolton of
California well what would you
do let let me ask you if who has a good
idea for what to do about Iran do we we
just give them what they
want what would be the
alternative I'm open to Alternatives I
don't like
War give them Israel there's not really
any
alternative sink our own navy color
Revolution yeah I don't know all right
ladies and gentlemen that's all I got
for now I'm going to say bye to YouTube
and
Rumble
and uh
onx um somebody asked me about
Rumble the other day they're they're
under attack I assume it's
because they're a free
speech uh place so we we hope they uh
survive I'm a small stock owner in
Rumble so I hope they survive but also
because I use them so yes I hope hope
everything survives I'll talk to you
tomorrow