boom boom boom pop up everybody
everybody come on in here because you
know what time it is
cypher coffee coffee coffee with scott
adams i'm scott adams your host and we
are preparing for something I call the
simultaneous sip a big dopamine rush
that gets your day going just the way
you want it what do you need for the
simultaneous up you probably ask do you
need to be prepared do you need to have
any particular items available yes you
do yes you do you've gotta have a cup or
a mug or a glass this time to tell us at
anchor baby a thermistor a flask a
canteen or a vessel of any kind you got
to fill it with your favorite liquid and
then you gotta lift it to your lips
follow along and have the simultaneous
sip with me o shudder oh good stuff well
today fairly soon we're gonna have a
very special guest
Susie logs on bill Polti we will be
talking to him but let's talk about a
few fun things while we're at it you
know one of the things that one of
president Trump's biggest problems is oh
it looks like bill is here let's say
we're gonna go to Bill Pulte he's got
some exciting updates if you haven't
seen him this will be fun bill I'm
amazing man you've been lighting up the
the internet lately you had one of the
busiest days anybody's ever had it was
unsane it was insane so for anybody who
hasn't seen all of the the reporting
coming out of yesterday start with start
with your morning and then tell us about
your afternoon well I reading I really
have to start with my evening because I
drove
and what would have been Thursday night
from Chicago to Nashville and I drove a
brand new Chevy mini SUV for a two-time
combat veteran who had remained
traumatic brain injury 100% and I
couldn't even sleep at night I was so
excited to give her this car this is a
lady who fought for us in Iraq and she
has to take she has to walk to the
grocery store she has to take an uber to
her doctor's appointments so I woke up
and we went and gave her the car and I
get goose bumps even thinking about it I
mean she was just totally blown away so
for anybody who hasn't seen the video of
it you have to you have to watch the
video just to see her reaction and the
hug she gives you I didn't think she was
ever gonna let you go bill I mean that
that had to be like a satisfying hug I
will tell you I have learned so much in
the last few weeks that I never thought
I would I mean I always knew that giving
was powerful but it is incredible now I
mean it is such a joy to be able to give
back especially to our veterans who
fought so hard for us and I call my
followers on Twitter at Pulte my friends
and my teammates because they're helping
me also raise money for amazing causes
we've raised in conjunction with the
whole family
you know the Twitter family we've raised
over $50,000 for a colonel in the
military why longings were burned we've
raised over $13,000 for a paraplegic
Marine it is just amazing the momentum
that we have now so yeah that was
yesterday morning and then you know tell
you about the rest of it and you're
getting the country a little bit
addicted to the feeling of helping other
people which is an amazing service that
you're doing there so anybody who's now
following you you really should how many
followers are you up to we're going to
be at about 80,000 a day and you should
also follow at Cota vets at co de of
vets they are the amazing veterans
organization that I've been working with
they're incredible
so if you guys can support our efforts
that would be amazing code of events I
will follow them as soon as we're off of
here
and you actually drove the car yourself
I did and I gotta tell you I didn't want
to get out of the car I just bought a
Tahoe and I said to myself why the hell
did I spend all that money and I think I
may be selling the Tahoe you know and
getting this car this pretty good car it
says Chevy Chevy Chevy Trax $20,000 car
$10,000 she got in cash nice oh my god
well she was obviously very thrilled you
can see it on the video she was crying
and hugging and it's it's great to see
our veterans getting that kind of
treatment that kind of respect because I
think a lot of it is also just people
caring I mean they had to you know on
top of the money which of course was
very important in the car very important
but it had to have to be very meaningful
to her that cares about I mean she was
in the combat zone okay single mother
comes back has a traumatic traumatic
brain injury from being over there and
you know she's left to walk to the
grocery store this shouldn't happen in
America this should not now and that was
just your morning
that was just my morning when I got in a
plane flew to st. Louis go ahead yeah
that's just keep going that's that's
world and then all of a sudden all the
sudden the Daily Mail came out with a
piece which was you know started to go
viral the video started to go viral
you know everybody from everywhere was
calling saying hey you know this is
amazing how can we give back how can we
donate people just want and donate
people just want to help and so then we
went to a flight elimination zone which
is as you know as my passion is cleaning
up inner-city neighborhoods that have
gotten no attention from the government
and I love doing it I absolutely love
doing it so we walked in the
neighborhood and Twitter co-founder and
square co-founder Jack Dorsey
billionaire is my partner in that
st. Louis blight Authority and so we
were delighted to announce yesterday
that we're going into st. Louis and
turning around the neighborhoods in st.
Louis that's that's amazing so Jack
Dorsey actually flew in to be with you
at that event and say Louis right he did
and I have you to thank for it because
in many of your listeners don't know
this because many times you're behind a
lot of these amazing things that nobody
even knows but I think I have you to
thank for you know introducing me to
Jack cause you did it and everybody
should know that so just everybody when
you ever you ever doubt what Scott Adams
is saying or how involved he is well you
really have no idea he's an incredible
guy
Scott it wouldn't have well without you
I'll tell you there's 59 family Scott in
st. Louis in this area and I show you
the video lady told me yesterday
abandoned buildings been there for over
20 years and we knocked it down and
that's thanks to you Scott so well out
of my heart I appreciate that but let's
keep the the credit where it belongs I
mean you and you and Jack has funded
this correct yes but in in in a certain
way you funded it so thank you so this
is Jack's hometown right this is where
he grew up yeah see everybody loves you
Scott you see all these comments well
don't make it about me well it should be
because you know people need to get
recognized for doing good work in
America and we no longer recognize
people for doing good work in America
that's what I'm trying to do on Twitter
that's what you're helping me do there
are people who do acts of kindness every
day and they go unrecognized and it
shouldn't be something that we're
shameful anymore we have to promote it
the same vigorousness which we promote
you know all this negativity and crap
that we see on TV it's about time we get
some positive news and we start as a
country promoting positive things and I
like I like that we're attaching or you
are you're attaching emotion to giving
in the sense that giving to the veterans
is sort of a twofer you're helping a
person but you're also helping a veteran
which also helps the entire you know the
way we think about our country the way
the veterans are treated the I mean the
UK you get a twofer for that then with
st. Louis having somebody as successful
as Jack Dorsey who came from there still
his family there I believe and cared
enough after you know making his way in
the world and and doing spectacularly
well came back to help the people that
that probably has his heart is very
connected to I assume yes and and so
again it's a twofer because the people
in the community probably feel like hey
everybody everybody just moves away if
they do well and and here here it's been
reversed you can see that st. Louis gets
the love as well as the money as well as
the great treatment of knocking down
these buildings that were nothing but
eyesores and and crime traps in a big
way I mean Scott I mean I don't think
Jack had ever seen anything like it and
I think he was very impressed because as
many in the meteor were frankly because
they've never seen so many tractors and
so many haulers and so many things done
in a contiguous area you know the
government they go and they get rid of
these abandoned buildings and they do
one little home here or one little home
there we went in bang bang bang and you
know I was watching some of the
newscasts just before I got on here in
st. Louis and I'm trying to reframe the
way that st. Louis is thinking about it
they're thinking about it as you talk
about framing so it's kind of
interesting for everybody but what I'm
literally trying to do is get st. Louis
to reverse the way that they've been
thinking about Blake and as opposed to
thinking oh we have all these abandoned
buildings and they throw their arms up
in the air and they roll their eyes and
they say oh my god what am I going to do
with all these buildings no I'm trying
to get them to think we got 7,000
buildings in st. Louis that are
demolished we can get capacity up to
2,000 homes a year and we can have this
blight problem solved I said 15 years
yesterday but I it can be done a lot
quicker so in real time we're trying to
change the psychology of people to know
that it's achievable to be able to turn
around the city of st. Louis yeah you
know you
what I call the refer to this before as
the new CEO move which is when when
people you know get a new CEO is this
new CEO if they're smart will
immediately make a big change that sort
of tells you who they are so it might be
that if it's a company that's bloated
they might get rid of a bunch of people
on day one that's the negative version
or they might bring in a big deal or
they might announce a kind of a change
or some kind of improvement you know so
that your first impression the
psychology of it gets on their side
right away
and yeah and when you go to these
blighted areas if you're looking at this
terrible you know rundown blighted area
and you live there you're just thinking
ah that's there are a million miles
between what this land looks like and
what's happened to it and where you'd
like it to be but instead you go in and
instead of saying how do I solve the
entire million miles you say well the
first ten miles are going to tell you
everything like that's where the
psychology starts that's where momentum
is that's where direction happens that's
where progress happens that's how people
feel good that's how people know there's
energy so so you seem to understand this
on all the levels you know I talked
about talents tax you know putting
together ordinary talents until you have
something so you come in this come to
this with a construction development
background you bring the psychology to
it you understand this show you know and
you understand that putting it on TV
getting news coverage is is essential
it's not just the extra and and you get
this amazing result here your
effectiveness is just astonishing and
the and and the rate at which you do
these things that is there some secret
to how you can get politicians to do
things without getting caught in the
politics of it you know I don't know I
mean some of this stuff just comes you
know off the top of my head probably
like you with your creative inspiration
I just come up with this stuff but you
know I just basically try to convince
the people through thinking about things
differently that them as politicians
need to get on board or else why the
why the hell aren't they looking after
their citizens I mean why should this
lady yesterday great lady 65 year old
african-american lady a mom a mom like
we all love a mom like many of us have
that we love she's sitting there and I
get goose bumps as I'm saying it she's
sitting there and she's saying for 20 or
30 years this building has been decrepit
next to her so I try to really get with
the human beings these are human beings
just like you and me and I am I making
you go cry I don't mean to make but
you know you show that human impact and
I think that is probably the secret
sauce to getting the politicians to do
the right thing yeah plus plus you
package it so that they you you reduce
it to a yes now in some ways because the
human mind can't deal with lots of
complexity if you say well we've got a
problem in here or 15 ways you could go
about it
nothing's gonna happen because people
can't deal with that but you come in its
tell me if I'm wrong here you come in
and say I'm gonna do this discrete set
of things with a discrete set of money
that I've already arranged or can
arrange it's going to look just like the
discrete thing I did in a Pontiac or
someplace else
yes no is that I'm oversimplifying but
yeah that's a hundred percent that's a
hundred percent and you know it's I
think navall talks about this
specialization you know and really being
good at something I mean you know this
is something that I know very well so
when a reporter tries to play some
gotcha
 political question I can say
hey hey hey look this is you know this
is really what's going on and I think I
think the st. Louis media knew what was
going on yesterday I've never seen I
think maybe one other event in Detroit I
had seen that much media I mean it was
stacked I didn't even know there was
that many media outlets in st. Louis be
honest with you and so anyway so I think
the media gets it it's gonna take it's
gonna take a couple more times frankly
of conditioning to get their head
screwed on the right way because if we
can get their head screwed on the right
way and the philanthropic community this
problem in st. Louis which is plagued
major US city for 20 or 30 years can be
removed I did it in Pontiac with the
mayor right right well this is amazing
and you and I just saw before I came on
live here that you made an offer and I
swear I was thinking about talking to
you about this and then I saw you
tweeted it like like well it was just
one of the greatest ideas here you're
doing something some kind of a giveaway
with air conditioning because the the
the record summer heats are literally
going to be killing people tell us more
about that well you know air
conditioning is a blessing and it's the
same thing with the abandoned homes you
know having safe neighborhoods is a
blessing and so many people don't have
that especially the elderly and
otherwise so I'm trying to find people
and if you know of anybody who needs air
conditioning you know please tweet at me
we'll try to get to as many as we can
you know I'm only one guy but we're
figuring out how to hopefully do this at
scale but please let us know we're
looking for people who are really in
mission-critical need who are you know
getting exhausted by the heat and this
is amazing so basically you're going to
be looking at your Twitter feed about
people requesting air conditioning
people who are really in tough tough
situations whether their health could be
seriously at risk to the point of
actually risk of death and you're gonna
go in and and make sure some of those
people are comfortable okay well can't
give everybody but well what's
fascinating is Twitter philanthropy is
really taken off it's a movement and I
would encourage everybody please go to
my profile retweet like the stuff let's
get the stuff out there it's really a
wave of momentum Scott so to answer your
questions specifically yes I'm helping
provide many air conditioning systems
but what has been even more impactful at
least for me has been the number of HVAC
professionals I don't know these people
all across the United States and some in
the globe who said hey we'll install the
unit's for free one in LA and one in I
believe in the hurricane zones and I'm
currently having dialogue with them to
see if they can do it that's what
America should be about that's what we
should be using social media Florence
far as I'm concerned you know we're
really the only platform right now who
are connecting those immediate needs
using social media and I think it's the
way of the future the hashtag is a
Twitter philanthropy hashtag Twitter
philanthropy you got it all right well
you should you should all be following
the hashtag following at Pulte at PU LTE
and at code of Vettes
yeah go to thank you let's go that some
power there amazing
no the unsung heroes are these veterans
I bill anything else no need to know
let's just keep going let's get the
momentum keep going Trump retweeted
again today some of that stuff so let's
just keep going great you're amazing
bill and we'll talk to you again soon
thanks for coming by have a great day
everyone have a great weekend make it a
great day do something positive for
somebody else love you all all right I
love that bye Dylan all right that's
amazing let's talk about some other
things so once again we saw another
example of how people believe they are
rational creatures but it can be easily
shown that they are not especially in
politics so you've probably seen it on
the Internet there's another one of
these interviews where students college
students are asked to give their opinion
on what they believe is a trump policy
on immigration and it's a Trump it's a
quote that actually came from Obama so
they read an Obama quote about
immigration tell the students it's from
Trump or indicators from Trump and then
they say what do you think about it and
of course the students say well that's
totally racist how racist could that be
but of course it was Obama's policy now
that tells you everything you need to
know about the human mind you know if
you believe that people are looking at
the facts and they've decided well based
on my analysis of the facts I've decided
to be a Democrat or I've decided to be a
Republican and I've chosen these
policies as the ones I like nothing like
that is happening now you're you might
be tempted to say to yourself
well these are students you know these
are college students by the time they
become real adults in the real world
they start paying attention and then
then their opinions are actually useful
you know they're they're rational no no
nothing like that's happening those
college students are locking in opinions
or have already locked in opinions there
will probably never change meaning that
they've they've decided that as a
lifestyle as as who they are they're on
a team and they're gonna say the things
that the people on that team say they're
gonna say we do not like president Trump
or this they're on the other team
they're gonna say we do but it's it's
one of those things of course it's not a
scientific test so I'm not going to
suggest that every person in the country
would would answer so poorly as these
students did but when you see how
clearly they are completely confident in
their opinion and it can be shown to be
ridiculous because they've all decided
that Obama's a giant racist even though
they they don't know that he's the one
whose butt without knowing that he's the
one who said the comments they think he
must be a racist so that tells you that
we're not reacting to the facts we're
not reacting to the policies were
reacting to the personalities and were
taking sides on that same point there's
a famous robot East roboticists is that
a word an expert in AI and robots and he
says that it's unlikely that humans are
going to be it's unlikely that computers
and and robots will ever reach the point
of having human intelligence let me read
what he says this is Kim sang Bay he's a
world-renowned robot scientist and he's
saying that that there's no technology
that could make machines understand
concepts and judge values like humans
yes there are
of course there are are you kidding me
what kind of world-renowned robot
scientist says there's no technology
that could make machines understand
concepts and judge values like humans
even I could program that here's how you
get a robot to judge values okay what
language of my program you programming
in if you see somebody say racist things
using these words if that then you will
react as if you were horrified
I gave it a value if anybody asks you'll
say you disapprove of whatever that
thing was I programmed into you if I say
what do you think about war and I
program into it does not like war
believes that human being in human life
is very important click click click
click like what could be easier than
giving a robot values you literally just
program them in there it's exactly like
people do you want to make a robot that
likes Modern Art click click click look
like if modern art then like I don't
know how it could be easier than that
somebody says you're out of your depth
Scott well I'm not out of my depth for
you because you just got blocked I block
people who say stupid things that are
just personal if somebody said that's
not true because of X they would not get
blocked but when somebody says your
other your Leagues Cup you're out of
your league then they get blocked
because saying somebody is out of their
league it's just not helpful it's just
not part of a world I want to be part of
you know you can tell the the well I
won't even go down that that path anyway
but he also talked about understanding
concepts you says a there's no
technology that can make machines
understand concepts really really what
what concept
can I not program into a machine I'm
pretty sure I can get that machine to
understand the concept give me an
example of a concept if a human can
understand it it's because there are
rules there's there's a structure to the
way we think about it you can program
that so here's what I think about the
world round world renowned a robot
scientist I believe he does not have a
good talent stack meaning that this
robot scientist might be one of the
greatest people who ever lived in terms
of the technology in terms of AI in
terms of robots etc he could be the best
at that what he doesn't seem to
understand is psychology and the
irrationality of humans in other words
there's a whole scientific field that
I'm speculating because I can't read his
mind but it looks like he's not he's not
aware of for example the the story I
told you about these students who
believe that Obama quotes were actually
racist if they thought they were coming
from Trump does that tell you that
humans are finally operated listening
finally engineered rational machines no
no you could easily program a robot to
do what those students did and it's easy
you just say which team are you on robot
I will make you lemma grant if trump
then orange man bad easy you know if a
democrat
says it probably good easy so I think
this robot expert needs to know a little
bit more about human psychology I've
been saying this for years there's there
are very few things I'm more confident
in than that someday robot AI experts
will say what I've been saying for 10
years which is the reason we can't make
robots as smart as people is because
people aren't smart it's an illusion you
can't make robots as smart as people
because you're trying to catch an
illusion
we are not rational if you made a robot
that was rational and was the smartest
let's say clever moral consistent and
ethical machine it wouldn't look like a
person because people look like babbling
idiots and you're not going to program
your machine to look like an idiot while
tracing while chasing AI because you
can't be intelligent and an idiot at the
same time so there's a lara there's a
logical mental I'd say a blind spot in
the entire industry that they think they
can they can make think they can't make
human intelligence when we've they've
already surpassed it by far let's talk
about one of the biggest problems that
the president has is that you know he's
he's accused of separating children and
apparently that really happens at the
border and putting children in cages
here's what I would like to see just
because it's funny I would love to see a
petition that is worded this way we the
petitioners demand that the Trump
administration stop putting children in
Obama cages then so that's how it would
be worded we demand that the Trump
administration stop putting children in
Obama cages is that wrong
the cages were literally designed and
built by Obama to hold children and
families and people so what if you what
I see online all the time is people keep
saying hey don't you people on the other
side understand let me give you a fact
here's the fact Obama made those cages
and therefore if Obama made the cages
and they weren't racist then they can't
be racist now Trump is just using the
cages they were built for this purpose
by Obama how persuasive is what I just
said
it's not literally nobody cares because
they use it as a it's really a political
tool that's not about the children at
all it is not about the children people
are gonna cry on television and we all
care about the children I'm certainly
not mocking anybody's empathy for the
people who are suffering at the border
because it looks pretty bad to me looks
pretty bad I wouldn't want to be in one
of those one of those facilities I
really wouldn't want to be in one of
those facilities like really really
wouldn't want to be in one so I'm not
gonna try to minimize how bad it is
because it looks plenty bad Scott's a
very dishonest idiot says this person
before getting blocked you can tell who
the Democrats are the Democrats are the
ones who come in here and just have no
respect for any type of rational
discourse it's just all about the
personality it's just all about me well
there's got to be something with the
wrong with you because what you're
saying makes sense but I'm pretty sure
you're defective well there's something
badly badly off about you so there's a
few Democrats coming in and I'm not even
anti a Democrat but it's just the fact
that if somebody comes in and says
something like that they're just always
Democrats you know probably 85 percent
of the time all right so that's the
that's what I want to see I want to see
a match
poll demanding that the Trump
administration stop putting children in
Obama cages just for fun all right
you probably saw in the news that the
president said that he had in a tweet
yesterday he said he just spoke to Kanye
West so already it's a great tweet the
President of the United States starts a
tweet with I just spoke to Kanye West
like you don't even need to hear the
rest of the tweet right you know this is
gonna be good he spoke to Kanye about I
guess Kanye's friend ASAP ASAP Rocky
who's a rapper who was incarcerated in
Sweden and the president cited his tweet
oh I will be calling the very talented
prime minister of Sweden I like that he
calls them the very talented prime
minister of Sweden in other words he's
signaling to the Prime Minister
very clearly hey Prime Minister you're a
very talented guy wink wink
you get this right that's what that
sentence means when he says the very
talented Prime Minister this is the
president saying okay Prime Minister you
get what's happening here right this
isn't just about the legal system this
isn't just about one person this is
about you and I you and I got a got an
opportunity here to do something that
the world is gonna like a lot so the
very talented prime minister of Sweden
to see what we can do about helping ease
up rocky so many people would like to
see this quickly resolved now what do
the people who have been calling this
president racist for three years and
especially this week what do they do
when they see this what what reaction
does Anderson Cooper have when he sees
president Trump's tweet that he's
talking to his good friend African
American citizen and Patriot Kanye West
about Kanye's friend Africa
fricken American star ASAP rocky and
that the president is personally
intervening to get a man of this
situation overseas there's no way you
can look at that and say alright he's a
terrible racist and he's he's sending
all these racists whistles but this
doesn't look like much of a whistle like
why doesn't this make sense why does it
not fit my movie whose movie does this
fit yours right this fits your movie
doesn't it most of you are Trump
supporters if it's your movie that says
he will certainly insult absolutely
anybody including african-americans he
will insult anybody who needs an insult
for political or other reasons but when
it comes down to brass tacks he's the
guy who is approving pardons a lot of
african-americans several I think he's
the guy President Trump is who backed
prison reform he's the guy who can't
stop bragging about what he's done for
African American employment levels how
does any of that fit Anderson Cooper's
movie that this guy is a giant racist a
doesn't fit but it completely fits the
movie the says he says politically
incorrect things and indeed when he ran
for office he ran on a platform
explicitly in direct language the
president said he told us he was not
going to respect political correctness
and then once elected he did not respect
political correctness at all that fits
my movie he did exactly what he said he
would do he said I'm not a racist I mean
in lots of ways in different language he
said that and and so everything he that
I see fits my movie perfectly he's not
politically correct but he's doing the
things the country needs things that
that Obama did before him in terms of
immigration etc all right and then I
guess he's followed up with the tweet
this morning he said he talked to the
prime minister but he didn't get a good
result which tells me that the very
talented prime minister of Sweden may
not be as talented as the president
wants them to be because I think the
president was winking pretty hard like
wink wink you're very talented you get
this right wink wink wink you get this
right you see you see what we can both
do here right but apparently the very
talented prime minister of Sweden either
had some obstacles he couldn't overcome
easily or maybe he didn't get the wink
and he said that he would they would
make sure that he saw rocky was treated
fairly which is really sort of a nothing
and then apparently Trump's reports that
he he would personally vouch for ASAP
Rocky's bail personally President Trump
said to the prime minister of the very
talented prime minister of Sweden that
he would personally vouch for ASAP
Rocky's bail now who knows how serious
issue that really is but the fact that
he said it is pretty darn good pretty
darn good so the country loves the show
we love that the president got involved
we love that it was personal I love
everything about this story I hope it
works out for a SUP rocky because at the
very least the entire world is paying
attention you know a week ago I didn't
know what a ASAP Rocky was and literally
never heard of him
now it's a national story and this
president has put a marker down we're
watching this situation you you know
what we want and we'd be quite
disappointed if things don't go the way
we think they should let's talk about
the bubonic plague in Los Angeles so
dr. drew was on my periscope yesterday
he's been on Fox News and other other
outlets I think talking about the
amazing number of rats and the problems
that are caused by all the homeless the
homeless are not really people who can't
find homes they're mostly people with
drug problems and mental health problems
and that we're reaching a point where it
might go full bubonic plague and what I
say might I mean probably because
there's nothing that looks like it's
gonna change the trend in the short term
and we're right on the edge of bubonic
plague apparently a certain number of
rats and you're just going to be there
and we're right at that point so how do
we do something about it it feels like
the country is not concerned about
something that's horrible and I think
that some of this needs to be visual and
we need to have something that looks
like a proposed solution so if anybody
can come up with such things that would
be great I'd love to see a specific
proposed solution something that you
could say yes no to remember I was
talking to Bill Polti earlier and and I
was complimenting him on how he packages
decisions for politicians you got to
make it simple and visual that's what
Bill Polti does he keeps his simple he
keeps a visual and he connects emotion
to it make sure that there's an
emotional connection that's you know a
big part of his power and this this la
situation needs that it doesn't yet have
sort of the personal connection I mean
we care about people in a general way
but doesn't have a personal angle it
needs a visual and it needs to be
packaged in a way that there's something
specific that people want you know what
is it the public is demanding we don't
know you know in general we want fewer
rats we'd like to people to have some
kind of care but that's too general what
exactly do we want do we want to are
appointed
we want FEMA to come in do we want to
approve ten million dollars from the
government just for rat eradication I
just realized that a ratification has
rat right in it so that's where we need
to get to and maybe we can get there
soon and make a difference let's talk
about Iran Iran seized a British oil
tanker they say there was some kind of
accident / mechanical problem some
something they need to figure out so
they didn't really they didn't really
just grabbed it they had some perfectly
good reason now of course we in the
United States do not believe their
reason we believe it is a you know our
ally and that they're just holding the
tanker for leverage or to cause trouble
prior to that Gibraltar and I guess with
the UK's help grabbed a Iranian tanker
so it seems like a tit for tat you've
got our tanker we got your tanker
blah-de-blah now some people have said
my god things are escalating this
president has has ruined everything he's
just making things worse now Iran is
escalating and we're escalating and
pretty soon it's gonna be a war that's
not what I see I see the opposite and I
know that at least one smart person I
just saw an article agrees with me I
don't know how many other smart people
agree with me but I'd like to think
there more than one here's how I see it
if you're preparing for a negotiation it
helps to create chips that did not exist
before in other words in a negotiation
you know I'm putting some of my chips on
the table you're putting some of your
chips on the table wouldn't it be nice
if he had more chips before you start
this is one of those situations where
they can create trouble it won't go too
far because they can control it you know
they can release the they could release
the tanker if they have to so they have
flow control the situation it is an
escalation but it's also something in
terms of the general trouble making in
the the Gulf
or the straights the the general
troublemaking is something we would like
less of so now Iran has created a chip
the chip is obviously we can create
trouble in the shipping lanes wouldn't
you like to see less of that so that's a
chip that they can give up in
negotiating so what I see is not an
escalation toward war because that would
look very different
poker ships pretty good I was calling
them poker chips but they're actually
using ships as poker chips or their
poker chips very good whoever came up
with that in the comments nerdy but
excellent I like my nerdy humor so I
would say that what we're seeing is the
signal that they're preparing they're
setting the table for conversation I
believe Iran has been signaling very
strongly that they really do not want
war as in really really no joke don't
want war as in we're not kidding we
really really don't want a war so that I
think Iran's position of we don't want a
war is very very clear because it would
just wouldn't turn out there's no way
which are now well for them now the
United States especially with President
Trump really really doesn't want a war
and I mean really really doesn't want a
war but unlike Iran if we were to start
a war it wouldn't be the end of the
United States we just wouldn't like it
but it would be the worst problem in the
world for the Iranian population and we
don't want that for them either and the
president is on is unpredictable so Iran
can't be sure we won't at least try a
decapitation strike which i think would
be the the obvious play so we have this
situation where I've said this before
and I'll keep reminding you we have
never been
close to something really good happening
in the Middle East all of the leaders
except for one the Ayatollah
he's the last person who is not
explicitly said let's just okay let's
just live with Israel you know we can be
okay with this we don't have to be at
war so Saudi Arabia is on our side
Israel's playing nice with its neighbors
who are important to it Saudi Arabia has
even offered a great help to the people
of Iran if they can get past their
political difficulties you know Israel
is explicitly offered to help them with
water purification and who knows what
else
the United States has specifically said
we'd like to be part of you know
watching Iran becoming a great economy
more than it is so everything has been
set up somebody saying Abbas and the
Palestinians the Palestinians are not
how do I say this without being
insulting if they lost everybody's
support including Iran's support they
would they would have to accommodate the
situation they would sort of have to
over time just give up on their
ambitions and try to work something out
so I would say that we may be closer
than we've ever been to some kind of a
good arrangement over there and we're
just one person away which is the
Ayatollah and he looks like he's getting
ready to negotiate
so we'll see there's a tweet that I
tweeted today somebody else did a post
and summarized my post from a few years
ago called the day you became a better
writer
now what's powerful about it is that it
summarizes and in a very short to form
the most important techniques for moving
from a bad writer to a good writer and
they're pretty easy you just see the
tips and you say hell that's pretty easy
make shorter sentences got
write direct sentences got it so I would
recommend that go to my Twitter feed you
know where it is and somewhere in the
last day I think yesterday I tweeted it
look for the day I became a better
writer you probably probably you could
consume the entire lesson if you will in
five minutes so in five minutes almost
everybody who's done this by the way
would agree so I would say a near
universal agreement that five minutes
reading this little post on how to be a
better writer will actually make you a
better writer Jordy here is is agree
yeah that that quick because none of the
techniques require practice to
understand they require practice to get
great at it but to understand it and put
it immediately into practice into use
it's easy so I would say if you're if
you're trying to develop a talent stack
just being better or pretty good at a
variety of skills that fit together
really well
writing is one of those things that fits
together with everything every job you
can think of yeah most of them there
there's something at which writing would
be an advantage even if you don't do
writing in your current job if you want
to someday be in management for the
people who do your job well you should
learn to write well and this will this
will do it for you in literally five
minutes five minutes and you will be a
substantially better writer I guarantee
it
it's it's that easy so do that there was
an interesting article about the there's
research on the health effects on the
physical and mental symptoms linked to
the the trump presidency so in other
words are a number of studies showing
that people are having stress and mental
and physical problems because of the
stress of the Trump administration what
is wrong with this story
so Trump is being blamed for people's
bad health
yeah and apparently you can measure
these effects of you can measure the the
impact of trauma and civilization on
birth rates and how quickly people give
birth and stuff so yes somebody got it
right Susan you are all over it
there's nothing that Trump is done that
would worry people if the news reported
it objectively nothing you think about
what is the worst thing that Trump's
accused of just think of all of the
worst things and then imagine if they'd
been reported just objectively you know
nobody had a dog in the race they're
just just tell you what happened
take Charlottesville it was reported
that the president called neo-nazis of
fine people that literally never
happened he said exactly the opposite of
that he condemned them absolutely the
same time but the the edit of the
condemning was taken out and it leaves a
misleading idea that that he said they
were fine people imagine if the news had
simply reported what happened instead of
making up news what was it about that
story that made people nervous was it
what Trump said no because what he said
is what everybody wanted to hear I
condemn the neo-nazis totally that's
exactly what everybody wanted to hear
it's exactly what he said in those exact
words The News reported it that he he
called them fine people I mean seriously
whose fault is that it's not his fault I
mean I get that people say he could have
you know said it more elegantly or
better or clearer he might have made
more put more attention on maybe that's
true but none of that matters if they
had simply reported it accurately in the
first place
let's take this latest scandal where the
president said that some members of the
squad maybe they should go back home and
figure out
had to fix everything there before they
come back here and show us how it's done
imagine how that could have been
reported compared to how it was reported
here's how you could have reported it he
said that they should have gone back
home but only one of them actually was
born in any other country so there was a
you probably got a fact wrong which was
probably very similar to what most of
the country was thinking if you said a
couple weeks ago if you said to most of
the country at least the people paying
attention to politics not the people who
wouldn't even know who was on the squad
if he went through them said Rasheeda
Talib what country was she born in if
you're following politics what would you
have said average citizen I can only
speak for myself I would have said that
I believed she was born in another
country I did I didn't you know I
thought she was born somewhere in the
Palestinian areas somewhere only because
of the way she speaks of it now I was
not judging her for that
I was now saying and therefore you know
I like you less or anything nothing like
that in fact I had often thought well
it's good that we have that voice
because that that one was sort of
missing you know even if you disagree
with it it's good to have that voice I
just thought maybe she's a good mix you
know a good a good addition to the
conversation maybe she's a good addition
to the mix even if you disagree with
everything she says she does represent
you know a line of thinking that's
somewhat popular or at least or a number
of people but so worst case scenario the
president thought what a lot of us
thought that at least two of them were
born in other places now I don't believe
the president was talking about all four
of them I don't believe he was talking
about Presley I don't think he thought
that she was born somewhere else but
like most of us thought at least a
couple of them the ones that are the
loudest I don't believe that the
president thought AOC was born in
another country do you I don't think he
thought that so I don't think he was
talking about press
and I don't think he was talking about
AOC I think he was talking about two of
the people and he got a fact wrong about
one of them that most of us would have
gotten wrong two were a lot of us would
not most I would have and suppose I had
just been reported he said that go back
and come back and suppose the news had
not told you that you're supposed to
think it's racist
what would you thought of it if they
just reported the facts oh he got a fact
wrong he thought they came from other
countries and he trash-talk them on
twitter by saying hey you should go back
and then you know fix that and then come
back here if the news had reported it
just the way I described it would we be
coming apart no no not at all
so the news is creating a problem and
then pegging it on the president and
actually saying it's killing people well
it's making them less healthy we don't
know if it's killing anybody but what
kind of world is it where the news can
create the problem and and then report
on like it's somebody else's problem by
the way I predicted this exact situation
in my book at the Dilber future back in
the late 90s I predicted that the news
business would evolve to killing famous
people for news they might not do it
directly as in murdering them but they
would create situations in which people
would die so they had something to
report and here we see that their news
coverage is literally causing major
health problems the news is literally
killing people to have something to
report on
yeah anti files another example they are
very supportive of an tyfa the
mainstream media's and an anti is
clearly at least on the border of
killing people they're hitting people on
the head with blunt objects on a regular
basis it's not going to be that long
before somebody dies and clearly the
news
business is sort of pro anti-fog in
terms of giving them attention giving
them oxygen not condemning them there I
guess Ted Cruz and somebody else have
some kind of a resolution being
considered too - what is it
categorise I guess you call it - anti
far as domestic terrorists now just the
fact that that's even being seriously
considered should tell you that there's
something different about the news
coverage then there is about at least
how the politicians are seeing an T file
do you think that the mainstream media
is doing a lot of reporting let's say
CNN do you think CNN is doing
wall-to-wall reporting on the fact that
serious senators Ted Cruz it's pretty
serious senator right I mean even if you
don't agree with Ted Cruz he's a very
talented qualified serious player you
know could have been president maybe
will be someday and he's he's he's
pushing ahead to call anti-fog domestic
terrorists and that's not a story
have you seen that on CNN as CNN covered
that is a story have they looked into
why they're being considered domestic
terrorists I haven't seen it maybe maybe
they covered it once maybe they
mentioned it
am I wrong that is just being ignored
how big of a story is that
are there other organizations that are
in the news every day that the Senate is
considering labeling a domestic
terrorist organization is there any
other group who is in the news all the
time that's under that situation that's
a pretty remarkable situation even even
if ultimately they're not labeled that
way it's news but it's not being
reported all right you know everywhere
every now and then there'll be just
something that happens on its own that
changes how you see things and one of
the things that's happening
his own is that puerto rico's local
government appears to be very corrupt
remember how much heat President Trump
got for what his critics said was not
doing enough for Puerto Rico what was
president Trump's at least partial
explanation of why things weren't going
well with Puerto Rican recovery and
assistance
well his president Trump's report is
that the locals were not capable he
basically blamed it on the local
government now when President Trump
blamed the local politicians for the
aide not being as effective as it could
what did people say they said well
there's that crazy orange man again
blaming people he must be a racist
because Puerto Rico right that's sort of
the way it was reported is that oh my
god he's just being a racist again he is
making Puerto Ricans look like they're
all incompetent or something and then
time goes by time goes by and through no
actions on the president's part it turns
out there's a massive corruption scandal
in the Puerto Rican government that you
know I don't think we'll be surprised to
find out most of it's true so the news
sort of caught up to where the president
was that there's a local talent problem
there to say to say the very least you
want to hear a bad sign for Joe Biden so
there's another set of debates coming up
and the funniest thing about the debates
that are coming up is that by complete
chance all of the white people well one
one of the two groups of Democrats
that'll be on different nights just by
chance one of them was all white and yet
and all of the diversity was in the
other group now CNN did the picking and
I'm sure it was actually random I don't
think they planned it that way but could
that be a funnier
it just sort of makes the whole race
issue just looks ridiculous like if even
CNN can't get it right let me put it
this way a lot of racism allegations
against anybody are basically the fact
that there was some outcome something
happened in which there was a racial
imbalance and the assumption is well if
there's a racial imbalance somebody
probably caused that to happen somebody
either didn't fix it maybe they should
have tried harder to get a little more
diversity just the mere existence of a
lack of racial diversity makes people
say well there's some racism going on
here now CNN through a completely public
and random process chooses one side with
all white people on it in another side
with all the diversity on it and they
can't really reverse it because they
showed their process and it was actually
just random chance
well how lucky is the president that
this particular outcome happened because
what it shows you is they even CNN who
one would imagine would bend over
backwards and then bend over backwards
again and then keep bending over
backwards to get something like more of
a more of a diverse situation both
nights and even CNN because of just the
oddities of how they chose things
couldn't get it right what's that tell
you about all the allegations that you
see about every of everyone else well it
might make you a little more circumspect
about how much is people being racists
and how much is sometimes stuff happens
imagine if you will that Fox News had
done exactly what's the intended which
is hold a random drawing in public while
you're watching and they pick people who
are gonna be in the debates for each
night if Fox News had done that and one
group turned out to be all white do you
think CNN would ever stop talking about
it now
it would've media
be labeled racist and suspicious and
even if they said okay we watched the
process we do believe that it was
accidental do you think CNN would have
said let's just go with it anyway
no CNN would have said once you pick
these people Fox News
why didn't you notice there was a
diversity problem and mix it up a little
bit it's not the law that says you have
to go with these these selections that
you did on TV that's just something you
did for entertainment you can change the
rules anytime you want you made the
rules you can change them so hey Fox
News why don't you put a few you know
switch a few people until it looks a
little more balanced you know that would
be the attack but even see you then
can't can't reach you know a an ideal
racial diversity level without without a
hiccup now and then so here's a bad sign
for Joe Biden first of all Joe Biden is
in the all-white group which is I know
maybe it'll work in his favor but it
doesn't go if you're Joe Biden the last
thing you want to do when you've been
accused of let's say being racially not
insensitive but let's say racially I
don't even know how to describe it
because Joe Biden is certainly not a
racist I mean not even close not even a
little bit you know I don't you know I'd
love to tell you if you were but I don't
see any but he's gonna be sort of harmed
by putting in the output in the
all-white group it's just gonna look
like it's just bad look but here's the
bad part for him Van Jones was on CNN
and he said that in this next debate
Biden is going to have to show some
spine ouch
if your team meaningless a Democrats and
Democrats supporters and CNN if your
team says that you need to show
spine and you're running for the
presidency of the United States and the
spine you didn't show was in the most
tame situation of a public debate if you
can't show spine in a you know harmless
little debate that's not a good look for
the leader of the United States so I
think the fact that anybody would even
raise that question or or put that
phrase on it
somebody says hashtag white spine that's
pretty funny anyway that's a bad sign
for Biden alright what else we got going
on here I believe that's about all we
have going on here so I'm gonna take my
leave
somebody said somebody's asking in the
comments who cares what van jou and says
better anything I do I care a lot about
what Van Jones and says here's why Van
Jones is in a very very very small group
of people who seems legitimate Van Jones
seems to be willing to agree with a
Republican if they have an idea that
makes sense you worked with Republicans
on prison reform for example he's in a
very small group of people who do seem
to be free from team sports he has a
preference that's okay we all have a
preference but I'm pretty sure if Van
Jones saw his team do something
egregious he would call it out because I
believe that's that's who he is so you
should pay attention to Van Jones he's
he's the real deal
and I will talk to you tomorrow