good morning everybody and welcome to
the highlight of human civilization it's
coffee with Scott Adams and man are you
lucky to be here now all you need to
take this experience up to Galactic
levels is a tank a cuper muger glass a
tanker Chelsea sign a canteen suer flask
a vessel of any kind fill it with your
favorite liquid I like coffee join me
now for the unparallel pleasure or the
dopamine today the day thing makes
everything better except my
sound cuz I knew I was forgetting
something see hold on hold
on yes if I put my microphone on this
will all go
better now a minute ago when I said I
know I'm forgetting something you should
have said your microphone your
microphone but that's better isn't it
well well you missed a simultaneous it
but I think you read my lips and it came
out about the
same I should just turn off YouTube
because there's no way it's going to be
monetized
now I got a feeling the the the first 3
seconds if you don't hear sound you just
go to the next thing right there's like
no point in
it well anyway let's talk about the news
um I've got a clarification for you and
goes like this confidence is a feature
but certainty is a
bug so confidence is good and certainty
is bad does that make
sense all right confidence means you'll
be okay one way or another you'll work
it out you'll figure it out that's
confidence but certainty is that you
know exactly what's true you don't
really know that you could just be
confident that you'll figure it
out all right I just thought I'd mention
that uh Brian relli reports that now uh
chat GPT I guess it's version
five um has a multimodal mode meaning it
can see and talk and hear and stuff and
you can take a picture of a dish you
know a prepared food dish and it will
tell you the recipe so you just take a
picture of it and it tells you the
recipe do you believe that
works
no do know what else can take a picture
of something and tell you the
recipe your
mom yeah your mom can look at it and she
could probably well that looks like you
got some cheese in there it looks like
some beans uh I see a couple of lentils
and some corn yeah I can make that so I
do not believe that chat GPT can make a
good recipe from a
photograph nope I do not believe it let
me tell you a little story uh when I
owned a restaurant I had a friend who
made the best doll soup DL doll is it DL
or D I forget but uh you know an Indian
dish and it was uh the best thing I've
ever tasted in my life to this day I've
never put anything of food food nature
in my mouth that that tast is that good
and so I said can you teach my chef how
to make it so she came over and taught
my chef how to make it and then he made
it and it tasted
terrible and we you know double checked
and triple checked and all the
ingredients were the same and do you
know why it was so
different cuz the woman who made it
always made it different every time and
she tasted it as she went and so there
was not ever really a
recipe it was just somebody who would
taste things until it was right and then
serve it that was about it so no this
whole idea that you can copy a recipe
doesn't
work I when I also when I owned a recipe
or I owned a restaurant uh I had a
favorite dish so I would tell them to
make that dish different every time no
two people made it the same sometimes it
was terrible actually inedible and other
times the best thing I ever ate so now
Chad GPT cannot tell you how to cook
anything not
yet um Poland uh is uh starting work on
three nuclear reactors so Poland is
going wild on nuclear power why are we
not doing this in the United
States
incompetence yeah we presumably have
regulations that stop us from doing this
which probably are dated or
underinformative
which is ruining a lot of old jokes but
I guess they were inappropriate in the
first place so Poland doing everything
right I'm told good for you
Poland all right uh did anybody see a uh
interview a recent one that just
happened this week between Lex fredman
fredman and Mark Zuckerberg in which
they do the interview within virtual
reality now when I first say that you
say ah blah blah blah that's been done
before no not like
this this is
photorealistic so the two the two heads
were not their real heads but every
little eye movement you know mouth
feature as they spoke all in real time
all synced up and all perfectly real and
and as they were talking to each other
um in the virtual world they could put
their virtual heads pretty close
together and it actually feels like
awkward because you're too close to
another person so you actually feel like
it's the real person when you're in that
mode now the the current
limitation is that they don't have a
cheap easy way to scan your your face
someday you'll be able to presumably
someday you'll be able to hold up your
camera and you know scan yourself and
then create your create your model for
this but at the moment I guess it takes
hours and special equipment but but
here's the big uh the big
change they don't need to send over the
Internet the entire video of what you're
trying to look like instead they create
it once and then the only thing that
they send over the Internet is the
changes like a numerical representation
of the change so that uh you can use low
bandwidth relatively low bandwidth and
have a complete photo realistic
experience
as long as as long as you've scanned
both sides now that's pretty
awesome uh and apparently it's so
intimate that you can
imagine you know nearly a sexual
experience because of it probably you
could you know yeah I don't want to get
too detailed but I'm sure there's a way
that you could turn it into almost a
full sexual
experience now imagine if you wanted
to uh all let me make a
prediction there will be digital
prostitution and by that I mean people
who are maybe not attractive but they
create an avatar which is and it's
photorealistic and then maybe the person
on the other side has some physical
component sextoy that they can be using
at the same time that they think they're
with this person it's going to be pretty
intense
so um you know goodbye
reproduction so it's going to be better
than regular sex I think the real test
will be if it can activate your
oxytocin so you know your oxytocin is
the chemical that your body produces
when you're hugging people and having
intimate
contact it's as far as I know it's the
only way you can get it there's nothing
else you can do it's it's a human to
human maybe your pet can do it a little
bit but it's basically a human to human
situation but could this technology be
so similar to a
human and it probably is if you don't
want to be close to the other person's
face because it feels creepy probably
you're releasing some some of those
hormones so may maybe it's an oxytocin
Source who
knows all right I've got a uh way to
tell who's going to be
successful do you ever look at a young
person and say to yourself is that
person going to be successful now if you
assume a you know some minimum level of
capability then the next question is are
they going to use that capability to do
anything useful be successful here's the
best uh predictor that I've
seen it's interest in figuring out the
mechanism of
success so it's not just oh I'll work
hard or I want it really hard or I have
passion or something but does somebody
actually go out of the way to study the
actual mechanism the systems you know
what do you do what what do what do
successful people do you know how do you
get from here to there what's the
process and you can see that right away
with little kids when I was 12 years old
I was already you know gobbling up news
stories about famous people any kind of
any kind of story about a millionaire
I'd read the whole thing it's like how
do you get there especially if the story
was they came from nothing and they made
money I'd read all of that and then I
would also read you know books and stuff
as I got a little older about anybody
who would come up with some method for
beating the system and I see that also
with my book uh reframe your
brain because reframe your brain is one
of those change your life kinds of books
and here's what I say about it and then
you tell me if this would tell you who
is successful imagine you said this to
somebody you said oh I've got this book
it's called reframe your brain and I
tweeted this uh many people say this
book adds the highest value to your life
for the least effort in reading so it's
the least amount of reading meaning it's
a real easy read for the biggest impact
now if somebody told you that wouldn't
you at least want to skim through that
book now if you don't and that that
doesn't interest you at all you're
probably not somebody who's going to
really kill it in life if somebody hands
you something that's like all right if
you spend like a minute looking at this
your whole life will be better if they
say
no you can pretty much predict how their
life is going to be now they don't have
to take it and read it while you're
watching but if they don't at least show
a little interest in something that
would be a small amount of work for a
huge
gain they're probably not going anywhere
so that's a good way to spot successful
people
and by the way the feedback for that
book is insane the number of people
people are saying it saved their
lives like literally and uh change their
lives and all kinds of stuff it's
amazing so Senator Diane Feinstein has
died at the age of
90 and boy this is a tough
one it's a tough one because we all want
to show respect to the family and for
the person passing but uh does make you
wonder where the line is where's the
line you know what what what kind of
behavior would be so bad that you would
not show respect to somebody after they
died I don't know it's kind of
subjective but uh people are going to be
all over the line on this one so the
real question is uh is there any way to
make Adam schiff's eyes bug out more
than they were already and the answer is
yes the passing of Senator Diane
Feinstein
because Adam Schiff might be the
replacement could be you never
know uh or possibly Joe Biden uh will
choose Diane Feinstein's corpse as his
new VP as an upgrade possibly Anything
Could Happen damn it I couldn't be
respectful I couldn't I couldn't go a
minute well I don't think she respected
me either so I think we're even all
right so the uh leading causes of death
for people between the age of 18 and 44
used to be
automobiles yeah used to kill the most
people between 18 and 44 and now it's uh
suicide and
fentanyl which are very related fentel
and Su
suicide
yep so
um if El Chapo died would I have any
respect for him would I say wo that's El
Chapo he was sending a lot of fenel into
the United States but um you know he's
dead now so I respect him and I I don't
want to offend the family so let's show
some respect for El Chapo when he passes
does that sound right not really no
because you think he was responsible for
the deaths of hundreds of thousands
Americans through
fentel but suppose you had a politician
who was ALS also responsible in other
words somebody whose job it was to
control the Border or at least be one of
them but wasn't doing
it and left the Border open should I
feel different about somebody who
allowed El Chapo to do it versus how I
feel about El Chapo
himself I'll leave that an open
question well who's suing musk today as
you know the government is weaponizing
itself against Elon Musk because he
likes free speech I mean literally
that's the reason and now the US equal
employment opportunity commission is
suing Tesla because they're accusing him
of violating federal law by tolerating
so they didn't do something he tolerated
allegedly widespread and ongoing racial
harassment of its black
employees and subjecting some of them
for retaliation for opposing the
harassment
now do you suppose that Elon Musk was
aware of this and tolerated it
no no of course he didn't you know he
may have been aware of it but I'm sure
he wasn't tolerating it I don't know
what you can do about it exactly all the
time but um so that's the thing but this
is reported by NBC and I noted the other
day that NBC is how the NPC is get
programmed is that a coincidence the NBC
and NPC sound the same
oh I saw it on
msnpc so I think I'm going to call them
msnpc because they're the ones who
program the
NPCs am I wrong they literally program
the
NPCs the people who can't think for
themselves so
msnpc try it out you'll like
it all right
um so what do you do if you're an
employer
and if you don't hire diversity you'll
get in trouble but if you do hire
diversity there's a very high likelihood
of getting sued once you fire them it's
kind of a no- win situation isn't
it because I'm and I'm not saying that
there wasn't racial harassment you know
I'm not I'm not dismissing the
charge if if this was happening it's
pretty bad should be stopped but it's a
it's kind of a it's a challenge in Risk
Management because you're going to you
lose either way
really all right another news
researchers at Columbia
University and University of Connecticut
they came up a way a way to make this
material that's part glass and part
DNA part glass and part
DNA and you put them together and you
get this super light and super strong
material
huh what could go wrong if you match
glass with DNA I feel like we're going
to create a species of glass
people they'll be made of glass but
super super dense what with the DNA and
pretty soon they'll be advocating for uh
equal rights so glass people
coming here's another story about
reframing pain so there's a study in JMA
J Ma
uh Network open that uh says that study
said that if you tell people that their
pain is in their brain they don't feel
so much as if you tell it it's in their
body that that's the short version if
you tell people to reframe their brain
or to to reframe their
pain so that they just think it's a
mental
experience then um the pain goes away
now I actually have that reframe
in my book you wouldn't recognize it but
it's the one about
cold and I tell a story about meeting
somebody who reframed the experience of
being cold he was Outdoors without a
coat and he said that he had learned I
won't say why but he had learned to
reframe it as just a feeling and not a
pain because it wasn't really going to
kill him you know it was like I know 45°
or something he wasn't wearing a coat so
he wasn't going to die he was just you
know doing a thing and most people would
have been super cold but I said to
myself is that possible and I'll just
tell you what I wrote In the book here
for a moment I said is it possible that
you could just tell your brain that the
cold doesn't hurt you anymore so I
thought I'd try it and the the way I did
it was I reframed cold uh this way if
it's true that getting into a cold
plunge is good for you and I think
basically every expert says yes the cold
plunge and it's also true that the cryo
things where it's like super super cold
is also good for
you then I tell myself well wouldn't it
also be at least a little bit good for
me simply to be cold you know not in a
cold plunge but just to be cold wouldn't
that also be good for me and probably is
in you know some lesser way but I
decided to try it when I was taking my
garbage out one day cuz it was cold and
I didn't want to walk back and get a
coat I oh what if I just try this I'll
just I'll just say that the feeling that
I get from the cold is not pain it's
just a feeling and it's making me
healthier and I walked out and I took my
garbage all the way down which takes a
while and I didn't feel any pain I just
felt the sensation and since then I've
done this same trick you know a number
of times and I'm not sure it would work
for the really long term but for a
shortterm situations where you're just
freezing and you just got to tough it
out I just made it go away and I didn't
I couldn't have imagined that was
possible even though I've seen it I've
seen it done with uh with hypnosis now
if you're going to ask me how can I
reframe my pain away I don't have an
answer for you just reframe it like I
did just say it's in your mind just say
it's just a sensation but if that
doesn't work there's not much else to do
right that it's pretty much it's that or
nothing so give it a try if there's some
time where the pain is not telling you
to fix something which is the purpose of
pain you know right you want to pay
attention to your pain if it's telling
you to fix something or run away from
something but if it's just going to be
there no matter what you might be able
to re reframe it reframe your brain and
just tell yourself it's not pain it's a
artifact of your
brain all right well uh and this is
another way that I think hypnosis is 50
years ahead of Science and you're'
seeing that a lot lately science is just
catching up to where hypnosis was 50
years ago that's true by the way um I
guess uh Matt Gates and his his friends
in Congress were successful in getting
the Ukraine
funding um at least it's reframed he
said last night's vote marks a major
moment in changing the perceptions on
the how House Republicans view Ukraine
so I guess 101 Republicans voted to send
more money to Ukraine but more than that
117 Republicans voted against and now he
says Ukraine funding has now lost
something called the majority of the
majority rule some kind of rule and
because of the rules cannot be brought
up again on the floor per the conference
rules so it looks like Matt Gates
actually made some progress and looks
like the house actually came through
with separate bills now that doesn't
mean that they're passed I guess it goes
to the house and we'll see what or it
goes to the Senate we'll see what the
Senate does but this is one of
the I might be
wrong but this might be one of the most
positive things that's happened to the
country
ever like I don't know if this is real
yet you know I don't know if it's just
going to be this one time they they had
to do what they had to do but the fact
that they were successful in getting
this big Frankenstein bill turned into
little smaller ones that you could vote
on
individually what if it happens
again yeah what what what if they do it
again this could be gigantic if this
became the new thing that they do we
might actually get fiscal responsibility
for the first time and and it was always
obvious what had to be done it was
obvious that this had to be done but now
it is maybe so if Matt Gates pulled this
off um his argument for being president
one day is getting a lot stronger but
we'll see if this is permanent could I I
would wait a little bit on this story to
see if it's a trick might be a trick you
know maybe the Senate will just put them
all back together and vote on them I
don't know I don't know how this
works all right here's a good sign of
the times I saw a Larry Elder uh tweet
and Larry Elder referring to all these
Smash and grab videos that we keep
seeing and Larry Elder says uh when it
comes to the smash and grabs where's the
diversity equity and inclusion white
folks you need to step
up now I call that progress here's why
if we can't joke about the
dumbassery on all people people's sides
right not on one side but everybody's
side if we can't if we can't joke about
race we'll never fix anything well
you've got to be able to joke hard about
a topic before you have any hope that
you're going to be able to talk honestly
about it so Larry Elder maybe a signal
of uh positive
change uh was just making a joke about
it the the racial um composition of the
smash and Grabbers
that's where it needs to be we need to
be able to joke about it if you haven't
if you don't follow Jeff Charles on uh
the xplatform he's a good follow and
he's doing sort of a funny thing I think
he's still doing it he did it for a
while uh in which you would uh sort of
in response to all the videos that show
black use you know robbing stores and
stuff uh I think it was kind of a
response I'm not sure that's how he
would put it but he would show uh what
he called uh people people of whiteness
white people people of whiteness doing
ridiculously stupid and dangerous things
you know like a a white guy who's
opening a gate for a wild bear to walk
through and the bear muls him on the way
past really he just he needed to open
the gate he didn't need to stand next to
the gate to let the wild bear walk
through the bear walks through it it
just muls him on the way
by and so Jeff Charles does you know
posts uh people of whiteness you know
stop doing
this now that's
funny cuz indeed there are a lot of
videos of white people doing things that
are clearly dangerous and Ill advised so
he has an infinite you know pool of
things to to pick from but if you can't
laugh about that you're not getting any
closer to any kind of a
solution all right
um here's another uh saying I have about
uh certainty
if you see somebody who is certain they
see something in the news that's kind of
complicated and they're certain
something is true for example there's
certain that Joe Biden is guilty of
crimes or there's certain he
isn't either way certainty is a failure
of
imagination it's not something you
should be proud of if you can't imagine
how you could be
wrong then your your mental capacity is
a little bit
stilted it's a little bit blocked right
for the things that I'm you know
reasonably sure are true is because I've
run out of imagination I simply can't
imagine an an alternative but there
could be this is why I say that you're
in better shape if you've learned magic
as a get you know magic
tricks if imagine imagine if You' never
seen how magic tricks are done the the
beauty of watching a lot of magic tricks
and then later learning how they're
done is that you realize your
imagination is the problem you sit there
and you watch the magician do a trick
and you say to yourself damn it I cannot
imagine how that could be done like that
looks like actual magic my imagination
is just limited I I can't even imagine
how that could be done now if you've had
that experience with magic tricks then
you can bring that into the real world
and when the politician says this is
true whatever it is this is true and you
say to yourself God I can't even imagine
how that would not be true I mean
there's the video they showed the proof
here's the data yeah I can't even
imagine how that would not be true that
is a failure of
imagination it's not a virtue that you
have certainty you just don't have the
imagination for how you could have been
fooled and I would argue that most of
the problems in the country are a lack
of
imagination because that lack of
imagination allows you to be fooled with
certainty being fooled is bad enough but
being fooled and making people think
they're sure of what's true when it's
the opposite that's really dangerous so
Elon Musk learned magic and hypnosis
when he was young according to the
biography do you think that makes him
better as spotting
probably because he knows that when he
sees
something it could not there's a
possibility is not
true even though he can't imagine how
that's possible you still have the
intellectual capacity to say it could be
not true I just don't know why now this
brings us to Neil Degrassi
Tyson who was on trigonometry podcast
recently and he was talking about the
Rogue experts you know versus the
majority of experts and he made the
point that I've made
before that I'm now going to
modify so I would have agreed with him
before the pandemic and the opinion got
why and I did and the opinion goes like
this if there's a a rogue expert who's
looking at basically the same
information as everybody else but the
Rogue says no no it's all wrong and and
the and the 100,000 experts are all
wrong Neil Degrassi Tyson tells us and
I've told you this before you could bet
on the majority being right and that the
Rogue is wrong and the reason is for
every and he says this directly for
every 10,000 Rogues who make a claim oh
the the mainstream people are wrong
almost every one of them will in fact be
wrong in the
end so if the only thing you knew is
that thousands of people were on one
side and there was this one Rogue person
and you had to bet you had to put your
money on it you should bet against the
Rogue because your odds are like 10,000
to one better that the Rogue is wrong
now that made sense before the
pandemic well no didn't make sense
before the pandemic it felt like it made
sense before the pandemic very different
it felt like it made sense after the
pandemic here's what we can for sure if
there's any money involved in the
question the money will determine how
the majority goes not the
data everybody agree if if you have a if
you have a situation where nobody has
any money to make and 10,000 people
think something's true and one says it's
wrong bet on the 10,000 because there's
no money involved they're just telling
you what they think is
true now that doesn't mean that the
Rogue will will always be wrong but as
uh Neil Degrassi Tyson accurately points
out with that one time that the Rogue
gets it right there's stories and books
and it becomes part of our history but
the 10,000 were wrong you never hear
from them again because they were just
wrong so I would say that if no money is
on the line bet on the majority which
doesn't mean they'll always be right but
it's a smart bet and if lots of money is
involved
all bets are
off does that sound like a good rule of
thumb and during the pandemic lots of
money was involved so that made the
Rogues as credible as the experts which
was exactly zero in both
cases in my opinion the Rogues were
worth zero but also the the majority of
people were worth zero so it was two
zeros if you had
certainty that the Rogues were right
that's a failure of
imagination that's not something you
should be proud
of I know I say that to make people mad
because people who got the right answer
in according to them are pretty sure
that it's because they were right and
they thought it through but we don't
work that way that's not the way humans
are wired we are wired to think we were
right and we knew it all along once we
know the
answer and so we do all
right so Elon Musk went to Eagle Pass at
the border and did some uh Periscope
videos showing how the situation is
there I don't know that we learned
anything that we didn't already know
but somehow the news is changed by the
fact that Elon Musk went and observed it
in person and then talked about it and
it makes me wonder why in the world is
he doing
it you know why does Elon Musk have to
be the person who goes to the Border and
I think part of it is he's um he's
trying to do marketing for you know the
Periscope live stream so that's good
glad he's doing that um and part of it
is it's you know the biggest problem in
the country probably and or one of them
and seems to be under attended so he's
just taking responsibility that's a very
dad thing to do isn't it it's not his
job you know it wasn't his job to fix
Free Speech but you felt it needed to be
done wasn't his job to make you know
people a uh space
fairing civilization but he's doing
it so I love that I don't know that
anything will change but I do like that
he's pushing citizen
journalism um I I signed on to a news
site today and I won't name names but it
didn't look like they have any reporters
anymore it looked like it was all just
press releases it looked like the news
had just stopped it was was the weirdest
thing uh it was just opinions and press
releases all right so maybe we need
citizen journalism because otherwise we
won't know anything ever he's right
about
that all right um are you watching the
impeachment
inquiry the impeachment inquiry is a
little laboratory where you can learn
about persuasion and what's wrong with
the government and you can see every
example of
everything now AOC had her moment where
she argued
passionately um against the impeachment
inquiry and and the thought that Joe
Biden had done anything wrong oh my God
and I was going to actually play aoc's
entire thing because it's a master class
in
Persuasion so her persuasion game is
super strong so let me tell you a few
things she does right
first of all the the whole situation
around the bidens is too complicated for
95% of Voters so 95% of Voters will
never know what's actually happening so
in that situation who who is the best
Persuader wins and they they can be
completely divorced um from reality they
just have to persuade so given that the
public has no idea what really happened
with the Biden situation she
says she uh first of all acts very
confident the confidence itself is part
of the persuasion and I watched her uh
ask witness questions and then act as
though the answers to the question
proved her point when it didn't even
come close but because the people
watching it can't tell the difference
she made it look like they proved her
point I I'll give you a exaggerated like
a joke version of AOC all right is it
true that the sky is blue well now it's
actually a little cloudy out today but
is the sky blue in someplace else
probably yeah probably the sky is blue
right the sky is blue in someplace else
and did the did the Republicans once say
that it was raining in uh in uh Nigeria
once I don't know well they did they
once said it was raining in Nigeria so
let me get this straight you're telling
us that there are places it's not
raining is that correct yeah and the
Republican said that it once rained in
Nigeria is that
correct probably all right and that is
why this entire thing is a farce it's a
farce can't you see it it's a
farce so that's the joke
version but when you watch her asking
questions the assumption that you have
is that those question questions ever
made sense or that the
answer is in the right context it was
actually just complete blah blah blah
that her her
mannerisms sold as proving a point it
was kind of a genius move it was it was
really good there there was no
connection to facts or
process she just got somebody to say yes
and no and then sold it to the public as
though she had just wanted
case and none of it was even connected
like to the question it was just the
most random bunch of it was it
was brilliant really
brilliant all right um and then and then
the the uh the Democrats are also saying
this is it true that there are no fact
Witnesses today well yeah that's true
there we go no fact Witnesses no fact
wites but did that
matter no the right question was does it
matter if there are any fact Witnesses
here today and then the answer would
have been well not for the
inquiry for the inquiry we have
documents and we can show you the
documents so the documents serve as the
evidence and that's why we're here oh
but are there any fact Witnesses here
there no fact oh no fact Witnesses are
you telling me there are no fact
Witnesses oh but in another case once in
another case had nothing to do with this
case and is not a precedent in any way
was there ever a fact witness oh there
was there was so in the p in the past
there was a fact witness but let me let
me clarify there is no fact witness here
none of it matters it it's not
relevant to the inquiry it's just
something that sounds good if you didn't
know anything about how anything works
but it sounded really good it was very
persuasive um I have a question
question did uh is it Senator Rasin the
one who had the he had the rag on his
head because he had some um Cancer
Treatments yeah Jamie Raskin so now he
he doesn't have the rag on his head but
he has something closer to a full hat of
hair so that would be like did he get
like reverse cancer the kind that if you
take Kimo it adds hair to your head it
doesn't look like a wig because it's not
that
good did he get hair
transplants did he just get plugs and
called the
cancer no the hair grows back but it
doesn't grow back better than it was
before the cancer before the chemo
you're saying chemo makes his hair
grow didn't look like a wig I don't know
well I got question questions since I
don't trust anybody about
anything all right uh the house Ways and
Means Committee released a
document that an IRS agent uh relayed an
inquiry from the CNN producer so here's
the story allegedly a CNN CNN producer
claimed to have an email when I guess
heal he was trying to get more
information from the IRS but claimed to
have an email where in which Hunter
Biden uh complained that all of his
stuff would go away once his father was
elected
president so nobody has found this email
it's only an alleged email but the
implication is that Biden knew that once
his father was president that his legal
problems would be you know no
more do you think that CNN necessarily
had an email or was the CNN producer
lying to get get somebody to say
something and didn't really have an
email I don't know I would not trust I
would not trust it so everything about
this story is
sketchy so I'd put this in the don't
believe anything about it St
category all
right
um and that ladies and
gentlemen might be just about all I had
today it's a it's a weird kind of isn't
it where the news is super
complicated did you notice that uh it's
a day after the Republican debate and
nobody
cares literally nobody
cares because none none of it mattered
As Long As Trump is still in it none of
it
mattered right now I saw um who was it
uh who's the new
uh um who's the new new house
Speaker what's his
name new speaker don't no the minority
speaker uh not no no the
minority hakeim Jeff and when I say
minority I do not mean that he's a
minority I mean that he's the minority
leader so hakeim
Jeff um you
know was wondering why uh the the
Republic were wasting so much time and
moneyy on this impeachment inquiry in
which there are no fact
Witnesses So I responded
Revenge it's
Revenge I'm not sure it would have
happened if if Trump had not been
impeached twice or attempted or whatever
happened and to me it's just
payback and I don't have a problem with
that at all because that's how Karma
Works um I would say that we've reached
the point where all the normal controls
are off and we're into full you know
uh guaranteed destruction mode I think
both sides are trying to destroy the
other they're not trying to win a race
and have four years of their team in
charge they're trying to put the other
side in jail so I think this will be the
first election in which you can
guarantee the loser will be end up in
jail would you agree with that that the
loser will end up in jail 2024 election
loser I think so I think that's actually
a real thing that could happen
now it might be if Trump loses they'll
figure they don't have to put him in
jail and it would just make everybody
angry so it's not worth it so but
certainly the risk is totally
there yeah and the fact that the fact
that that
uh that the Democrats have come up with
mega
extremists so they don't now they're not
saying that there's Mega and that
there's some extremists now they're Mega
extremists that's
dangerous as soon as you hear they are
magga
extremists uh and you're associated with
them so do the
math what would be an appropriate thing
that you could do with an
extremist well an extremist is probably
dangerous so you know the the the legal
system has to deal with extremists would
you agree the legal system should deal
with extremists because they're
dangerous what what about a magga
extremist well same thing because if
you're an extremist you're dangerous
whether you have Maga attached to your
name or not so so now they can take
extremist and they can slime the word
magga with it and now anybody who's
simply
magga becomes part of the extremist
framing so basically it's giving
permission for violence um and legal
action against ordinary
Republicans do you see it that way if if
Biden were saying we don't like the
magga people but we really hate the
extremists
I would say all right that's fair that's
politically Fair he doesn't like Mega
and he really thinks something should be
done against extremist fair but when he
says it's Mega
extremists it seems to me he's
weaponizing the government against
ordinary voters who would call
themselves
Mega how else can you see it I mean to
me it seems a very clear you know how
Hitler treated the Jews kind of
situation where you you you move the
country toward that hatred and you know
maybe you do it a little bit at a time
so they don't see it coming pretty soon
Mega and extremist will sound like the
same thing right if you keep saying Mega
extremist you there's only a matter of
time before Mega and extremist sound the
same in your
head that's called
hypnosis if I had to guess the use of
magga extremists is probably from a
hypnotist or somebody who has you know
high level persuasion skills because
it's a little like their version of
dark you know it's a little too good for
politicians politicians would have just
said
Mega and also extremists as they always
have but suddenly suddenly you see this
combination of Mega
extremists that looks like a
professional and that that is very
weaponized persuasion because weaponized
because it could get somebody
killed uh mag is the new antifa well I
think magga should change its name to uh
uh anti-corruption
which it kind of is Maga is kind of
anti-corruption in a way because magia
is against corruption of any kind
whether it's wokeness corruption or
legal corruption so yeah I think the
magga should just re uh Rebrand as
anti-corruption because they're going
against a guy who's
corrupt and then anytime somebody says
hey I hate you anti-corruption people
you go whoa whoa look who's in favor of
corruption there's your there's your
admission if you're against the
anti-corruption people
well better watch
out yeah
all right ladies and gentlemen is there
anything else I forgot any amazing story
that you think
Bears um
discussion Patriots against corruption
in America Packa I like
it Patriots against corruption in
America except it sounds like pack I
don't like the pack part of
it
um against making America great now it's
the Again part that they're
against the way to attack magga
extremists is by getting rid of
Maga see I think Maga was always a
gigantic persuasion mistake it got
popular but it was a giant mistake
because it sounds like
maggot who you know if you would ask
me you know is magga a good acronym
no it's the
worst um yeah there's cocaine on
everybody's
plane Patriots is
evil you you yeah you think the left
doesn't like the word Patriot that's
probably
true
 yeah I saw that
uh I saw that d AO um talked about her
her
questions apparently they were all her
questions all right you made it to the
show live just when it's about to
end but good for
you uh restore our American
Republic Kensington Philly Tran live S
no I
haven't
are they live streaming the street
people all
right speak to Jonathan
Turley he's one of my favorites well I
don't do too many interviews on
here all
right
believe all authorities
again uh condemning RIS ha in and
Ontario
schools report on the real news about
impeachment what's the real
news we talked about musk at the
border there's a Tran live stream is
that us say live
stream wow that might be one way to uh
get rid of the problem to live stream
it no I stopped playing my
guitar because I didn't want to damage
my hands it was too much hand
damage I might still play with a little
bit all right um so I've got an
interview later today actually after
this with
Megan
Kelly and I do not know when it will run
so don't ask but
uh uh yep we talked about Feinstein's
passing
um and I guess Elon Musk did a uh spaces
event about anti-Semitism on the
platform and he agreed to visit a
uh I guess a concentration camp or
something wh why is that
important I I don't really understand
that I mean I guess it's a good visual
but why would anybody have to visit a
concentration camp
to you know change their political
opinion I mean unless unless you were
worried that it doesn't exist or
something like that and I don't think
that's the problem I feel like that's
performance my active users
what all
right why does Federman look so
different lately it's a good question
maybe because he's healing I don't know
or maybe he lost weight or something he
does look different he's got that por
mustache yeah people like to say they've
been to the
Border I guess there's no substitute for
going someplace in
person and if you're Elon Musk you're in
a plane a lot I would hate to spend as
much time in an airplane as Elon Musk
does although he might have fun up in
that
airplane one of the Federman has a
mustache wouldn't it be funny if there
were two Federman and only one of them
has a big mustache and nobody
noticed
all
right
um it looks like we've done everything
we need to do here YouTube thanks for
joining I'll see you
tomorrow