[Music]
well here we
are ready for some amazing time together
I hope you're on
time all right let me get my comments
working here make sure
we're what was
that all right comments
working all systems looking
[Music]
good good morning everybody and welcome
to the highlight of human civilization
it's called coffee with Scott Adams and
you've never had a better time but if
you'd like to take this experience up to
levels that nobody can even understand
when they're tiny shiny human brains all
you need for that is a cuper mug or
glass of tanker Chell sign a Cen Jugger
flask a vessel of any kind fill it with
your favorite liquid I like coffee and
join me now for the unparalleled
pleasure the dope am me of the day the
thing makes everything better it's
called the simultaneous Sip and it
happens now
go
terrific well I just saw a headline that
Jennifer Ruben quit the Washington Post
or what was she asked to leave I don't
know the I don't know the details but
she had criticized the boss so maybe she
wasn't going to stay there that long so
if you don't know uh the dilber cartoon
that normally is only behind the paywall
either an A or at
locals uh Dilbert is a Californian I'm
not sure if you all knew that but
Dilbert's a californi and uh for the
next this week he will be
figuring out what to do as the fire
approaches his
house I'll give you a little bit of a
spoiler he's going to
stay so Dilbert will stay in his house
and try to defend it and you'll find out
how that goes on Sunday but today is the
beginning of that series if anybody's
interested um according to science
Neuroscience news says that dopamine and
serotonin Drive emotional word
processing in other words uh the actual
dopamine and serotonin levels let's see
um can be uh can be altered by words so
your words change your chemical
structure I mean the words that you hear
and that in
turn um changes how you feel now you
know what they could have done instead
of doing this big old study on dopamine
and serotonin and
words they could have just asked me
because every hypnotist knows this and I
think every writer knows it I thought
everybody knew that certain words carry
power and that uh you can feel the
difference now if you can feel the
difference in the words I always assumed
it was something like dopamine and
serotonin that made you feel it one of
one of the advantages that I have um in
my profession as a writer and I don't
really know how common this is maybe
it's common I don't know but I have an
unusual relationship with words that I
can feel them almost like they have you
know texture and some not not physically
but it's as if they are almost like a
you know a pharmaceutical pill if I say
some words I can
feel and other words I go so when I'm
writing I'm picking the words that make
me feel h instead of H and that makes
the sentences look better and when you
read it you won't know the
technique you'll just read it and you'll
say oh I enjoyed reading that you won't
know that I was intentionally tweaking
your dopamine and serotonin with my word
choice anyway you could have asked any
writer I think they all know
that and other study according to com's
trador uh grape juu can cure your your
erect
dysfunction and uh I did eat a bunch of
grapes for breakfast before I came on
and I'm pretty sure I'm going to make it
all the way through the show but I don't
know could
be I might have to end soon we'll see
we'll see if those grapes work uh
according to open the books Ohio State
University is spending tens of millions
of dollars on Dei how much do you think
they're spending well uh they spent 13
over $13 million on pay for $21
employees that are doing Dei related
stuff really and some of them are making
well over a 100 one of them's got
300 uh they're really well paid and
they're 2011 of them doing nothing but
making sure that the da Dei stuff gets
taken care of so I highly recommend you
do not go to Ohio State
University according to Brighter Side
news Joshua
shavit is writing that uh there's a
major study revealing that plants now
absorb 30% more CO2 worldwide than we
thought huh so I guess when they put
this big adjustment into the climate
models you can see all the climate
models adjust because the new variable
which is a key variable it's a very
important one right or will this be the
25th time you've heard of something
that's a key variable in climate change
that was completely
revised and yet the climate models are
the same huh let me see if I understand
this the climate models are driven by
data and assumptions and they're very
very well done so you're getting the
right right prediction
if you change the data and the
assumptions of the biggest
items it's exactly the
same does that sound like real science
to
you that no matter how many times you
find out the data and the assumptions
are completely wrong that you get the
same same
line that are you starting to suspect
something's
up yeah that that's like the ultimate
tell the ultimate tell is that the
assumptions and the data change but not
the prediction not the prediction that's
just the
same okay well Sam Harris is getting a
little more heat for his
TDS and he goes so far as to say he
wouldn't care if Biden had corpses of
children in his basement it couldn't be
nearly as bad as having Trump as a
president um and he said that it was a
it was was a conspiracy to lie and get
him out of office and of course he would
normally be against lying but now he's
totally in favor of it if you're if
you're stopping Hitler so you know the
the one time that kind of makes sense
according to Sam is if you're lying to
stop Trump and he noted that he thought
Trump University alone was worse than
anything the Biden crime family has done
let's see Biden crime family is
instrumental in getting us into Ukraine
War uh probably had some impact on
policy but Trump University is the bad
thing now I've never defended Trump
University I think everybody gets to
look at look at that and incorporate in
their thinking and decide if you care
but I will add this context and the
context is not one that I'm confirmed is
true but I suspect is true very highly
suspect I don't think Trump knew what
was happening in in Trump
University because to imagine that he
knew you would have to say oh he's got
400 or so you know Trump related
businesses mostly licensing they're not
necessarily owned by him and I don't
know if Trump University was a license
deal or a different kind of partnership
but do you really think he was he was
personally editing the materials and he
was Pro proofing everything and
that seems highly unlikely here's what I
think I think somebody pitched to him
the idea that they would take all of his
wisdom put it in a class and he could
share some of the money when people went
and he said hm okay I trust you sounds
like a good idea go ahead and do
that and then when it turned out that it
wasn't exactly what people thought they
were paying for I'm sure it was a
surprise to him too now as far as I know
there's no reporting that I'm aware of
but you you should fact check me on this
I'm not sure there's any reporting that
suggests he was aware Trump aware of
what anything was happening it's not
like he was going into the Trump
University office and holding meetings
it was just one of the things that he
put his name on and there were hundreds
so that context is important but uh
there might be a fact check that says he
knew more than we know I don't
know um
so more generally I've been asked many
times how to reprogram a TDS sufferer
I'm going to give you uh kind of a quick
take on the general way to do it now I'm
not convinced this will work yet because
I haven't done this exact thing with
anybody yet but I feel like it's the
only path that could work and it goes
like this uh the first thing you need to
do is is change the frame so you got to
reframe it the frame that most people
are in and it makes sense that they
would be in it is that uh they're trying
to decide is Trump good or is he evil is
Trump good or evil and then if you're if
you have TS you say Trump is evil and
then if you try to argue it against it
what happens oh but what about the other
thing then you debunk it but what about
the other thing you debunk it what about
the other thing and you debunk
that never works because they'll
eventually run out of time and they'll
be sure that there were three other
things that you didn't debunk that are
totally relevant but you could have you
just didn't have enough time to do all
three
so or they will say uh that you're lying
or incorrect or CNN said something else
so you can't really talk somebody into
it directly if you're in the frame of is
Jump good or is he evil and evil usually
means a racist
dictator but here's what you can do I
think instead of the frame Trump is good
or bad get completely out of that and
start working on the frame is the news
real or not real now when I say is the
news real I don't mean the sports news
or the finance news or the weather I
think those are usually real and if
they're not real at least at least they
tried to make them real but when it
comes to the important stuff like
geopolitical stuff and politics I don't
think any of it's real I don't think the
science is real I don't think most of
the finance is real so when you say that
uh the news isn't real and never has
been you're really going to have to sell
that if you can sell them on the fact
that news is not real then they can find
the answer themselves but let me let me
just go through this a little bit more
so here's how it approach
it blah blah blah Trump is evil Trump is
evil and then you say you know it's
really hard to have a conversation about
whether Trump is evil or good if we have
a different opinion of whether the news
is real or not real see that's a reframe
so then you try to keep them there they
they'll try to escape but try to keep
them there then here's your
explanation you know I heard somebody
say that Adams Guy saying that they 's
no way that any government whether it's
a dictatorship or any of the democracies
there's no way any of them can allow the
news to be completely um
uncontrolled and the reason is um every
single country has the same requirement
they need to get the citizens on their
side and not to be questioning too much
what the government's saying about the
important stuff you know if the
government wants to start a war or
increase taxes or do something there
there the government will require that
the main brainwashing mechanism to get
people on board which is the news
they'll require control of it there
probably is no exception and maybe never
will be to the fact that intelligence
groups will eventually come to control
every government um and that's because
they have the tools to do it and if they
don't do it on day one eventually you'll
get a leader in that role in the
intelligence Community who will say you
know we should probably have some
conversations with CNN maybe make some
links and then you start making
suggestions to CNN you know it would be
much better if you said this instead of
that and uh in a variety of ways you can
bribe or work with or persuade and
eventually the news is saying what you
want and they're even checking with you
before they report stuff so I would say
it's well demonstrated that our CIA for
many decades in the United States was a
tested with controlling the media and
they did now this is well documented so
if you can't sell that you have to stop
you you have to sell them first that is
universally true it's in every country
all the time and that it's
documented now they won't ask for any
documentation that Russia and China have
fake news because believe that you're
going to have to convince them that in
the United States it's always been fake
again not the sports and the weather and
the natural disasters but the
geopolitical stuff the stuff that the
intelligence people would care about
because it because it's a difference
between their Ops working and not
working and of course they want them to
work so if you can sell that then you
can go to the next
stuff and you could you could say what
about those every time there's 99
experts in the same side if somebody
still believes that 99 experts in the
same side mean something they probably
didn't go through the pandemic but if
they did just remind them that all those
experts have a boss bosses let's say
it's a hospital if you're a doctor or
some bigger entity the the larger entity
is kind of forced to do the standard
things so if you were to agree disagree
with the standard things probably
there's an insurance risk problem but
there's definitely a boss problem so the
boss will tell the expert no or the
expert needs to get some funding are
they going to get some funding to prove
that climate change doesn't exist no so
if you follow the money the money pretty
much guarantees that the 99% or the 98%
is first of all not even true but
secondly it wouldn't mean anything it
has no predictive
value I would also talk about uh Gilman
theory that if you're an expert in the
field you can tell that your field is
fake but you think the other stuff might
be real because you don't know so if you
can get somebody to understand that the
CIA has
um that the CIA has always controlled
the news and always should and always
needs to and it can never change and you
might not even wanted to because I I
don't think a country can survive if the
news is completely
uncontrolled I hate to say it I prefer
that it be uncontrolled but I don't know
that we could survive
it
and you also need to keep away from
getting into the Trump detail as you're
doing this and just say it really
doesn't help to debate with somebody who
doesn't have a background in
understanding that the news is not just
sometimes wrong it's necessarily
by design it has to be
wrong and it's easy to demonstrate
because every expert in every domain
will tell you that the stuff in their
domain is wrong and anybody who is a
public figure will tell you that the
reporting on them is all wrong spend
five minutes with me on the internet and
I'll show you that everything I'm
criticized for wasn't true it's not that
I have a reason for what I did it's that
the criticisms are 100% not true
everything that people accuse me of
today not true didn't
happen right now every public figure
will have that same story that most of
the things about them are an a context
or something missing not true so if you
can get people to believe that all all
celebrities know their news is not true
all experts know that their news is not
true and then here's the kill shot
everybody in the intelligence Community
knows their new news isn't
true so those are the three I'd
ask right
then um so you working on sort of a
common sense AR argument that there's no
way the news could be real and if some
of it was real you wouldn't know the
difference because it would be mixed in
with so much that isn't you couldn't
tell
um and then once you've if you can
establish that news and whether the news
is real is the big
question and if you can even get them to
accept that that's the important
question because what I think is that
Trump trump supporters um the TDS people
believe that the Trump people are evil
and that they're fully aware of all the
evil that Trump does according to them
right but if you can get them to just
accept the frame that what you should be
talking about is whether news in general
is real and by the way don't make the
mistake don't make the mistake of saying
it's a good thing I get the real news on
Fox News that's the end of the
conversation don't do that do not say
there's some real news and you watch it
don't say
that you lose lose lose as soon as you
say well the news I watch is real you
should watch some real stuff oh that's
you have no chance and and by the way if
you say that even once you'll never ever
persuade anybody on this topic that
that's the end of your credibility you
have to be consistent and say that the
news all the news on the important stuff
is being
influenced
then if you can get them to believe that
it's a world in which the news is maybe
not real there there sort of on the
fence but they're not going so far
that's when you break out the hoax list
and you say if I'm right that the news
is always fake then I should be able to
give you lots of examples of fake news
that are clearly debunked would you
agree my my theory that it's always fake
should produce a whole bunch of examples
and and then people say yeah I mean if
unless you're making this up there must
be a lot of examples of this so-called
fake news and that's when you pull out
the list of 50 fake stories you can find
it on the internet just look for a hoax
list it'll pop up some of them are 12
some of them are 50 but e any of them
work once and then once once you have
the list you know what happens next
right with the TDS Suffer Well nothing
on that list is true those are not
hoaxes those are all
real that's when you go to the Fine
people hoax and say let me just pick one
and you see if you can make the fine
fine people hoax um debunk and stick
tell them Snopes debunked it tell them
that Joe Rogan Elon Musk uh I think Bill
lman a number of the most famous people
have turned toward Trump specifically
because they found out that was fake and
then here's here's the key if they don't
if they still don't believe it or they
they think maybe this one's right but
all the other ones are are true then uh
aim them at the website American debunk
with an N at the end of American
American debunk Doc it's a very good
list very readable with the examples of
how the hoaxes were created because it's
not enough to say they're not true you
have to show the mechanism by which they
were created and spread once you see the
mechanism then you can see that a lot of
them are created the same
way and then you say but you know when
you hear that trumps are racist it's
hard to explain why Michael Jackson
lived in his building and they were good
buddies Mike Tyson loves him to death
for all the help he's given him Larry
Elder says he's terrific Baron Donaldson
uh wants to help him as much as he can
do you think that the people who knew
him
best think he's a racist and the answer
is
nobody we have not produced anybody who
knows him personally who thinks he's a
racist that's got to mean something
because if you think that Michael
Jackson didn't know what racism look
like or that Mike Tyson couldn't
identify racism in the wild or that
Larry Elder or Byron Donaldson would
just not notice or somehow Overlook
it
no no yeah and also Maguire uh I think
the fine people Oaks flipped him as
well anyway um and then your final your
final uh end of your persuasion is to
note that if anything they had said
about Trump was true why are they so
happy about the peaceful transfer of
power why did they chat and laugh with
him at Carter's funeral and then you
walk away don't wait for somebody to be
convinced that they don't that doesn't
happen while you're talking to them the
has to sink in they got to do a little
research on their
own sometimes they can get there but the
key point I can't stress enough is you
got to take them out of the frame of
trump good versus is bad and into the
frame news is true versus news is not
that that's the only opening you have
meanwhile Jamie Diamond was just on 60
Minutes and Leslie stall one of the
worst people in the world uh I mean she
I hate to say it but she just seems like
a terrible human being based on her
performance and in her profession um so
she gets Jamie Diamond on there and she
wants to use him because he would be
considered I think in the United States
he's you'd call him the top Banker in
the United States because he he's in
charge of the biggest bank but you would
also say then in finance and economics
in general if you're going to ask
somebody their opinion he'd be about the
best you could do right so now 60
Minutes as the most credible Banker
Finance guy and now they can really give
it to Trump because they're going to
find out all the things that Trump's
doing that that nobody's smart could
ever ever agree to and and she goes in
for the kill shot this is good she goes
all right Jamie Diamond thinking
smartest Finance guy in the world knows
everything about business banking the
world uh those uh I'm paraphrasing but
those uh Trump tariffs what do you think
of that the Trump tariffs now this is
going to be really a Kill Shot Leslie
stall has it so set up perfectly the
most credible wisest smartest Finance
banking guy and now he's going to answer
the question of how dumb that stupid
Trump guy is how how stupid stupid he is
with his tariffs and tariffs never work
and nobody's smart would ever do it and
don't you understand it's just attacks
on
Americans except that's not what
happened Jamie Diamond said well art of
the deal tariffs are used for
negotiating every country does it it's
really important it's a good tool
Trump's doing everything right with
tariffs and go to hell Leslie Stall go
to hell go straight to hell don't stop
don't pack a bag don't bring a snack
just go right to hell because did you
actually think you were going to get a
different answer just think how bad ly
confused the presses I don't think I
don't
think she understood tariffs and she
thought she was going to get what all
the stupid pundits say which is oh can't
do tariffs tariffs never work as taxs
instead of what all the smart people say
100% of the smart people are on the same
side by the way I want to be clear about
this there is no
disagreement on tariffs among smart
people none at least smart people people
who understand the world and business
and economics and negotiating so that
specific kind of smart people the the
the Jamie Diamond smart people the Elon
Musk smart people they all know that you
use this for negotiating and then it's
necessary so that was just wonderful so
Jamie Diamond had nothing bad to say
about Trump and even said that he tried
calling Trump I guess he talk got to the
staff because Trump wasn't available and
offered is help imagine having Jamie
Diamond on for the express purpose of
trashing on Trump and it goes away with
the best recommendation you've ever
heard because he's really credible I
mean he's not even a republican so if
you can get your Democrat Banker to
unambiguously say yeah these are good
things this is exactly what Trump should
be doing and why wow so good all right I
have to talk about this again because
it's too darn important you all heard
that Mel Gibson was on Joe Rogan and one
of the things he said is he had three
friends cured of cancer with Ivor mchan
and Fen benzol which makes all of you
say my God the big Pharma is hiding the
Cure and uh Mel Gibson knows the answer
and his friends have told him and all
right here's my prediction I have told
you many times that in this world we
often can't tell what's true because our
brains maybe aren't even made for that I
don't know if our brains are even made
for what's true
but one thing that I promote as the
closest you can get to truth is
prediction so I'm going to make a
specific prediction about this Mel
Gibson
claim and then you can see if I have the
closest take on reality because that
would mean my prediction is true and
we'll see if the other people's the
opposite prediction would be that if Mel
Gibson personally knows three people
cured a can answer by these two things
that lots of other people are going to
try it I'm not recommending it I'm just
saying it's obvious lots of people are
going to try it um we're going to know
pretty soon aren't we like pretty soon
there will be no doubt whatsoever
whether it works or not the the
oncologist would see it there would be
lots you know you would know everybody
would have a everybody would know
somebody who got CED right so here's my
prediction you'll never see never not
once you will never see an
interview that includes the alleged
cancer cured people uh with their test
results with their doctor being
questioned by a skeptical doctor just to
make sure that the right questions get
asked you know if if Joe Rogan is
talking
to um the doctor and the patient he's
not going to know the right question to
ask it's actually kind of hard yeah you
really have to know the you know a lot
of the Arcane stuff about different
Cancers and Etc but a doctor could do it
so just imagine how important it is that
if these things work these twoo easily
prescribed not not you know very minor
side effects um at least at low dosages
and wouldn't it be the greatest thing in
the world if this were true so part of
the reason which you know is I'm being a
dick because somebody has to so the
reason I'm being a complete dick on this
topic is I'm trying to get somebody to
come forward and do what they should do
cure cancer cure cancer all you need
simple model you don't need I'm not
going to ask you for uh a controlled
clinical trial you know with actual
humans just throw show me three people
who couldn't have been cured in curable
is a better example than a curable
version but you can show me an incurable
cancer a real patient real test results
before and after real doctor sitting
next to him and another real doctor
saying okay let me understand to make
sure that I I know your claim all right
just three you would only need to see
that three times and you would have me
convinced and I would be telling
everybody to take those damn drugs is
that fair but until you see that you're
just seeing crap
now why is it there so many people are
sure it's real and they're sure they
know somebody specific even Mel Gibson
he doesn't know one person he knows
three people doesn't your common sense
tell you it's probably true because I
don't think Mel Gibson's lying not I I
have zero zero belief that he's lying
none I don't think does Mel Gibson look
like he would go on Joe Rogan and just
lie about some weird drug
no no he's not lying he actually has
three friends who actually told him it
worked I'm sure I'm sure it's true I'm
sure it's true that he was told now
there are other people too so today on
on X other people were saying yeah my
cousin my you here's a story look at
this YouTube talk to this doctor who has
15 different cases they're all the
same and here's why none of that is
valid it goes like this the patient says
X the friend who heard it hears Y and
the doctor knows
Z the doctor the friend and the patient
are not even talking about the same
stuff so by the time it gets to you it's
coming through a friend and the friend
doesn't know the friend doesn't know
what questions to ask to make sure it's
the real deal for example if you were
the friend and your friend friend said I
got uh chemo and I know some um hormonal
treatment and then I took these two
drugs and I got
better would the friend know to ask well
does anybody ever get better with those
treatments and that cancer without
taking those drugs and the answer would
be yeah they do so you can't tell if the
drug made any difference cuz sometimes
those are enough then you would ask uh
what out uh um prostate cancer you know
and and then you'd find out oh it looks
like as long as it's combined with other
treatments it seems it worked would the
friend be smart enough to know that
regular prostate cancer if it hasn't
metastized is 100% curable without those
drugs so if
somebody's um getting cured if that
specific cancer the one that's localized
just to the
prostate that doesn't really tell you
anything because they were going to get
cured
anyway do people know the difference
between metastasized prostate cancer
which can't be cured as far as we know
with the one that can be cured 100% of
the time which is the local one no the
friend doesn't know that they don't know
what to ask so everything you're hearing
is the third party or somebody who's in
the business and you say hm you're sort
of in the business of promoting this
cure so follow the money says don't
believe the ones who are doing it for
money but you probably could believe the
patients who just said all right I'm
going to take a risk this is more you
know this is too private but I'm going
to do it to cure cancer in the
world anyway so if you see that you'll
know what's happening so some of it is a
Wishful hearing you know people think
they heard something they didn't hear
didn't ask the right questions some of
it is conspiracy
reflex because if you saw the if you saw
the um pharmaceutical business
apparently lying about icton if that's
what you think uh lying about ion in the
pandemic then you say to yourself wait a
minute if everybody was lying before
which one of those Pharmaceuticals is
paying atoms to say this doesn't
work nobody's paying me I'm trying to
cure cancer I want it to work and it
might work by the way let me say is
unambiguously the lack of the fact that
I haven't seen evidence that convinces
me doesn't mean it doesn't work and it
doesn't mean it doesn't work in some
context maybe not all but if it worked
in any context at all it'd be pretty
darn important to a lot of people so
we're going to push it now I want to be
as obnoxious and dick likee on this as I
possibly can because I want the people
who want to embarrass me and put me in
my place and show that I'm a big
freaking idiot to really get mad come on
come on embarrass me prove that you can
cure cancer just with a little message
about how it worked for you with your
test results with your doctor and the
only test results I want to see are the
the cancer specific ones I don't I don't
need to see the rest of your health care
don't care all
right um all right let's read some
comments from the student stupid people
here's the stupid people Scott says he's
a narcologist
today all right so that's one of the
comments um that's
stupid all right so a number of people
said to me Scott do some research uh
look at this site it's full of evidence
and it' be some NIH government site and
those people don't know the difference
between the you know the laboratory
clinical trials in the real world there
are a bunch of laboratory only tests
that show that icin can kill cancer so
can a lot of things that don't work in
humans there's almost no predictive
power from all of those you know tons of
evidence that it works in the lab
doesn't mean anything but we think it
does because we don't know that that
which works in the lab may or may not
work in an animal and if it works in an
animal there's only a five % chance it
works in a
human you also don't want to listen to
anybody who says there was an animal
trial because as far as I know that's
just something people think happened but
didn't um and you definitely don't want
to listen to a doctor who says they have
a patient that was
cured that means nothing because you
don't know the doctor and they haven't
given you the name of the patient to
confirm it and you don't know what else
they were doing that is nothing all
right so the things that are nothing
are lots of published clinical trials of
just in the lab also nothing is the
animal test because they didn't happen
as far as I can tell and also a nothing
is there's a doctor on the internet who
says it works but you don't have any
access to ask the patient none of those
are evidence not even a little bit now
remember I'm not asking for um you know
a giant trial I don't need it at all I
don't need a giant trial just show me
anybody any real person that has test
results that would suggest that the
ivkin and the fenb all or or either one
were actually effective
anybody now I this will always makes
people mad and I'm trying to make you as
mad as possible you should work as hard
as you can to prove me wrong
deal all
right
um all right all right
uh smires had a little
survey 73% of his audience thinks that
climate change was responsible for the
LA fires and 27% think it was government
mismanagement how would you like to be a
CNN viewer and be so confused that you
think climate change caused the LA
fires you'd be you'd be such a bubble I
feel sorry for them meanwhile uh Elon
musks is bringing cyber trucks to La
that will be equipped with starlink so
that people in the areas can get Wi-Fi
just by being near the Cyber truck I
don't know how many cyber trucks it
takes to cover it but he's telling
people they'll have to wait a week for
their delivery because he's going to use
them for this and they got snacks and
Security in them so why is it that Elon
Musk is the one who can help in every
emergency
that that's so unique to him right it
seems like he's put together the tools
that are just always the right tool for
whatever the emergency is that's pretty
amazing all right let's talk about the
fire I know I beat this too much and you
don't care because if you don't live in
California but I think there are a few
things to learn from it first of all
there's a claim that three of the major
fires started at the same time if they
started at the same time you can
eliminate homeless people as the cause
if it started in three places completely
not near each other I feel like you
could
eliminate most of the most of the
natural accidental coincidental things I
would say if it's true and I don't have
a confirmation of this just something on
the Internet if it's true that three of
the major fires da started at the same
time in different places I would say
that's at least an 80% chance it's
terrorism and I'll go further if it's
not terrorism I don't understand why it
wouldn't be like why aren't they doing
that now that they know it works if it
wasn't terrorism it will be
right so it looks like it was in my in
my opinion it looks like it was but
that's not confirmed people said to me
Scott what we should do is the Japanese
water defense system and there there's a
video going around of these uh sort of
powerful
hosik sprinklers sprayers being used in
a Japanese context where the roofs of
the building were
wood now if you're if you have a wooden
burnable
roof um you really need to replace that
if you can because you don't want a
burnable roof the these Japanese
structures were uh traditional older
structures that they're trying to keep
they would never burn they would never
build that today I don't think you know
correct me if I'm wrong but I doubt they
would build something with highly
flammable roof even in Japan today so
that Japanese water defense system is
not applicable to most
situations um and certainly not
applicable if you have a tile roof or
something less
burnable um The Case of the Delta Smelt
fish so you know the story and again
we're still sort of the fog of War so I
don't know what to believe yet but but
I'll tell you what's being reported just
put a pin in it and tell yourself check
back later probably some of it will be
debunked but I don't know uh but Jim Hof
at the Gateway pund is talking about
that smelt fish that allegedly was uh
part of the reason that California
doesn't have reservoirs and enough water
to do what it wants uh is that they
wanted to save the Smelt fish and that
meant getting rid of some of our uh
State resource places because it was bad
for the fish but here's the
punchline nobody's seen a Delta smell
fish in over a decade so they saved a
fish which as far as I can tell doesn't
exist they saved the fish that doesn't
exist and the the only cost of that was
the entire economy of California for the
fish that doesn't
exist now it might exist in some other
places in small numbers but it doesn't
seem to exist where they where where
they changed the entire water
reservoir system to save it so I'm
having trouble believing that this is
real that they saved a fish that doesn't
exist and it cost them the entire State
of
California like it's it's a little too
on the nose you know what I mean it's
like oh you
environmentalist saved an extinct fish
to use Trump's word that's a little bit
hyperbolic
um it's a little too
clean I'm going to say if I had to if I
had to bet on something that we think is
a fact today that later you'll find out
there's there's something about it that
you didn't know I think there's
something about this one we don't know
but it's also
possible that they destroyed the entire
state to save a fish that doesn't exist
because we do see that level of
stupidity in every element of the
government so to imagine it couldn't
happen in this case would be more than I
can I can
claim all right there's also the uh
empty Reservoir story I think it's been
empty since 2009 but somehow the fire
department was not aware it was empty
that's one of the
claims uh and that knowing that the
winds were coming there was probably
time to refill it because it was
intentionally drained which means that
turning it back on you know must have
been
possible um but I think there may be
more to that story as to why it was
drained and how practical it was or was
not to refill there's probably more to
it don't know but we'll find out
meanwhile Adam Schiff and even the
governor Nome uh either lied or were
wrong when they said the reservoirs were
full at the initiation of these fires
that's what shiff said now the thing you
need to know about shiff and I I tell
you this often if you know what happened
you don't know anything if you know who
is involved well then you might know it
shiff is one of what I call the
designated Liars so when the Democrats
need to tell a really big lie like the
really big ones and everybody's going to
find out it's a lie later they send that
Chef he's like they designated
because he'll say anything and
apparently it doesn't hurt him because
he got promoted to
Senator right he went from the house to
the Senate this year so clearly
Schiff uh can say any wild lie and will
have no impact on his career maybe even
help him so if you see uh you know Eric
swell or Schiff or Brennan John Brennan
or Clapper uh they are the designated
Liars the people who will go out and
shamelessly say whatever they want to
say but isn't true all
right so there's
that um so Governor Nome announced a
bunch of executive orders that uh
roughly speaking what they do is they
they relax some of the environmental
regulations so that people can get going
and rebuild their homes now as far as
that goes without knowing the detail of
the things that he's he's altering with
the order seems like the right thing at
about the right time would you agree so
it's it's not my job to say every single
thing that the government does is wrong
so yes uh e even if it was too early
it's not too early because people need
to understand that the government is
going to get rid of regulations
otherwise there's no hope of rebuilding
there's just no hope so at least this
gives them hope I don't know that this
will be enough and I don't know that the
executive order will stop all the
environmental groups from for example
suing what what happens if what happens
if Nome says uh executive order we're
going to relax this regulation but then
some activist just sues
you because they're trying to save
another ex extinct fish can they do that
can they do that even if there's an
executive
order probably and then you've got a
legal problem so so who knows where this
is going to go but I would say in
general it's a good thing that the uh
government said we're going to relax um
whatever whatever things that Mak sense
to relax we're going to do it now I had
to delete one of my uh posts on X
because the there were too many NPCs
commenting and it was exhausting me so
you know what the NPCs say right so I'll
tell you what I said then you you can
you'll know exactly what they said I
said what we
need is some
preapproved um home models in other
words uh something that you could stick
together you know you could add a
bedroom but you know the bedrooms would
be pre-approved you could add a b you
could add another bathroom already
pre-approved so in other words as long
as you stayed within the pad that you
were building on or not much difference
you could kind of put this new building
all pre approved parts and it would be
designed here's the key it would be
designed to be better than what you
had right now here's the part the NPCs
don't hear it's better than what you had
it looks better it works better it's
easier to maintain it will last longer
it's way better than what you had now if
you don't hear the part about it's way
better than what you had you're going to
say well why do I want to build a tiny
home and I'll say who said Tiny home I
said build it on exactly the same
pad same size as you were living in I
don't want a tiny home and then the NPC
said great a communist hellhole where
every building looks the same uh thank
you very much but I like my custom house
I like my custom house to which I
say that's not an option if you try to
build a custom house you're going to
wait 10 years for approval even with
these executive orders I think that's
that's my personal view so under the
assumption that it's not really
practical to do uh a custom house and it
would be way more
expensive that's not really an
option if it becomes an option to build
a custom house to rebuild the the
fireplaces if it becomes an option and
it's affordable or you're rich enough to
do it
anyway where in my suggestion that to
say that you couldn't do
that at what point did I say you can't
build your own house no I just said
wouldn't it be nice that people want to
do it quickly and have a much much
better place than they had
before could just pick the off the shelf
appr proov stuff slap it together they
would all look a little different
because let's say you could put
different facings on it you could add
different sizes you know you could add a
you could had a bonus room but I don't
had a bonus room uh you have four
bedrooms I have three you have maybe
even two stories and I have
one so would they all look alike they
don't have to they don't have to but
there would be a similarity to them that
might bother you
so that's a
trade-off but no you don't get to have
everything and have your custom home and
it's cheap and you can do it right away
that wasn't the alternative you have to
understand this is the what if there's
no
alternative so if there is another
alternative do that and then the
funniest one is people said Scott you've
revealed yourself as the world economic
Forum uh globalist you are I can tell
that the way you're approaching this is
that you want to turn this into a
15minute city like the globalists want
to turn everything into a 15minute city
and let me tell you son nobody's going
to want to live in a 15minute city where
everything's you close by and you don't
need to drive if you don't nobody's
going to like it it's not going to be
anything that any human wants to
experience and then I
say did you know that it was already a
15minute
city it wasn't designed to be that but
that is exactly one of the top reasons
that the residents gave for why it was
like better than any place in the world
to live because everything was
convenient in LA
so you got the LA weather moderated by
the beach so you had the best weather
ever you know because it was no next to
the coast on top of that you could walk
to incredible places and your neighbors
neighbors knew each other it was a
15minute city so all of you all of you
people in your 15minute world economic
Forum nobody was going to like it it was
the best place in California to live
according to everybody
according to everybody it was the best
place in
California and it was a 15minute city
now did have
cars and I don't think there's any
reason that you would ban cars but you
didn't need one because you never had to
leave if you didn't want to and you
could get an Uber if you wanted to so
you don't have to wonder if the 15minute
city is a good idea it was already the
number one best place in the whole in
the whole best state so there's that
meanwhile uh Billy Bush was on Tucker I
mentioned this before but as uh Molly
Hemingway was pointing out there there
was a connection that maybe some of us
missed I guess it was reported but
neither Molly nor I saw it when it was
so here's the
story you remember the Access Hollywood
grab him by the burn tape that was
released in 2016 and Billy Bush was he
got fired because he was involved in the
conversation that's all it took
and and it was in The Washington Post so
the story was broken in the Washington
Post but did you
know that uh it originated from NBC so
NBC was the source of the tape they had
it from from I guess the The Apprentice
and uh did you know that uh the
co-editor of the Harvard Crimson at one
point was
the oh the head of NBC was a guy named
Noah opheim and his
co-editor on the Harvard Crimson was the
person who received the leak at the
Washington
Post or or at least it got to the
Washington Post but the person who got
the leak was a known close companion to
the person who had the
tape and here's the next part that both
the NBC had and the person he leaked the
tape to were here it
comes both of them were actually ual
groomsmen in the Chelsea Clinton
wedding not
attendees not
invited
groomsmen they were actually
groomsmen at at the daughter of the
other candidate
okay um and then U as Molly points out
uh shortly after running the information
operation against Trump uh the one who
received the information was giving a
contributing gig at
MSNBC which I I assume is because of all
that good work with her op so that
doesn't really change anything I think
we all assumed it was some kind of an
Insider anti-trump deal it was pretty
much what it looked like Hamas says that
it's willing to trade 33 of the
98 remaining hostages if if I have that
number
correct and uh I guess it Israel is
offering a onewe
ceasefire and some prisoner swap so
Israel would be asked to give you know
far more prisoners than every one person
that they're getting back um you know
what I'm going to say about this 33 and
a
98 you get a zero for effort zero so
remember Trump said if if every if every
one of them is not released by
inauguration day there's going to be
hell to
pay 33 out of 98
uh I'm very happy for the families and
the people who would be released if this
happens it's not guaranteed yet but if
it happens I'd be very happy for the 33
people in their
families however still hell to pay and
that that buys you nothing Trump cannot
allow hostages to be part of a
negotiation hostages all returning are
the ticket to have a conversation about
a caar the ceasefire is not based on you
releasing some of them that can never be
the cause for ending sensation now you
Netanyahu is offering a week and you
know I don't think a week makes any
difference at this point so he's kind of
offering them nothing in terms of the
seire so it may happen it may not but
whether it happens and I hope it does uh
shouldn't have any impact on the fact
that Trump's going to go full Trump on
him um according to to Nina techz at the
Heritage Foundation she said if you
implement a diet that drastically
removes uh reduces carbs you can reverse
type 2 diabetes you can reverse
hypertension uh most cardiovascular risk
you can reverse schizophrenia and
bipolar disorder or reduce them and
reduce impression anxiety by
79% and she says I know that sounds
crazy um I'm going to say yes I don't
believe any of that's
true I I believe it might be true that
if you stopped eating you refined sugars
and you know added sugars and stuff like
that
um that's interesting or some kind of
drone report let me I got to click on
that uh all schools oo Steve lner is
reporting that all schools in the
Monclair New Jersey district would close
because of of a security
concern uh they were made aware of a
potential threat to the
district huh so we don't know if that's
drone related or coincidental that it's
in New
Jersey but if it's a systemwide risk and
not just one
school what would that be about I don't
know anyway um I'm not sure I believe
this that all you have to do is restrict
your carbs and all these problems go
away at that rate and it happens kind of
quickly in a few weeks I love it to be
true but I don't believe it to be true
now I'm more likely to be wrong on that
one than the other
topic
but you you should definitely cut down
in your
sugar and I think that part everybody
agrees
on but I'm not sure that
people evolv to not being able to eat a
potato I don't know
um MSNBC ticker came through
okay well you know diabetes would be the
one thing that seems to make sense if
you don't eat sugar if you tell me all
right your problem is regulating
sugar uh so what you should do is have
way less
sugar in the form of carbs or anything
else now that would make
sense so so if they only claim
was that your diabetes could be improved
by not eating any
sugar I think I could I could say that
that's in the realm but the other things
are way less way less obvious and I
think I'd be a skeptic on that but I'd
love to be wrong I would love to be
wrong yeah I know how the autofy works
if you if you starve these cells they I
don't know they start eating the cancer
cells for food if they don't have enough
food on their own I'm a little I'm a
little
uh a little bit skeptical on all the
diet
stuff but I wouldn't be surprised if
some people can just eat meat all day
and don't eat any carbs and everything's
fine I don't know about curing all the
major
disease there are lots of books on the
carnivore topic read them that's the
most obnoxious thing that anybody ever
says to me
that I haven't done the homework I got
to read this book there's nothing more
obnoxious than
that if you've been with me for a while
you've watched me debunk countless
things accurately without reading the
book about it like it if it ever helped
I'd read the book about it it won't help
because if you read a book it's like the
documentary effect which I teach you if
you watch a documentary that has one
point of view you will be convinced when
it's done 5 minutes later if you watch
another documentary that had the
opposite point of view you'll be sure
that the first one was fake and the
second one's real then if you go back to
the first one and watch it a second time
you'll say you know I don't know why I
thought this wasn't real this looks very
convincing if you read a book that makes
any claim it's the documentary effect
because there's nobody in the book who's
got a different opinion so nobody's
nobody's saying okay but the other side
is this so a book will be very
convincing and so you're saying well if
you read this book you'll be convinced
I'm sure I would that's why I'm not
reading the book because the book will
be convincing that's why you don't read
it does that make sense so I see the
world through a persuasion filter so I
don't want to submit myself to
persuasion that I know will convince me
but will will be lower than the standard
they should convince me I know it will
work that's why I'm not doing it all
right um You can do better by simply
Googling what are in books you know
because because that stuff ends up being
on the internet so if if you take
perplexity which is a great great app
for searching and you just say something
like there's a claim there's a claim
that uh eating a carnivore diet uh is
good for this or that disease yeah can
you give me both sides so perplexity
will bullet point and then give you uh
links if you want to see them to both
sides now if I get it bullet pointed in
both sides that's not the documentary
effect so I would say to you who
recommended I read the book which is
really dickish honestly it it it just
always comes off as
arrogant um
I would suggest that you use perplexity
or a good search engine to show both
sides so that the first time you're
exposed to the content you see both
sides now I know you're going to
say but
Scott uh the big Pharma is suppressing
the internet and it's all
fake sometimes that's a problem maybe
more than we
want but you know books are written that
are completely fake right it's the most
common thing in the world so you're
reading a book is not telling you
anything you know that you could
guarantee and neither is you know the
search engine thing but at least you'll
be aware of the arguments on both sides
and maybe you could take it somewhere
that
way all
right now this would be the point where
the
NPCs uh pretend I said said something I
didn't say and then criticize me would
anybody like to do
that best shape of your
life you do look like you're in good
shape nicely
done
um no you can tell people to read my
books that's
different what if you read one
book um you just
meet go
go yeah pasta
and and uh wheat were my
downfall so you should not tell people
to read my books for my scientific
claims so that part's true so my books
are
General the the type of uh advice and
that you can just look at and try and
you know you don't have to do a
scientific
study reframe your
brain is probably the best one yes of my
books reframe your brain you'll love it
change your
life all
right
um yeah spaghetti sauce is loaded with
sugar portion size is an
issue use your simulation approach
hypothesis with a physicist and a
biologist and place of your
doctors
uh my observation is that that won't
work
but um you're saying books are bad no
books that make a one scientific claim
are not
reliable I didn't say bad not reliable
would be the way to
go you make your own spaghetti sauce
with no sugar you mean added
sugar what's that taste
like I don't know that'd be
interesting all
right
[Music]
uh big news all right let's see what
Jennifer Rubin says I left the post
corporate billionaire meteor are failing
to meet the
moment uh oh she's going to work with
normis the other the other uh TDS
person uh they're launching contrarian
news which is funny because they always
agree with the mainstream Glenn
Greenwald said that um politics cooking
humor film and pets nobody's going to
watch
that and she's going to leave X because
she refuses to enable the Elon trunk
presidency all right if she has as many
viewers or followers as I think and
she's trying to launch a new website the
dumbest thing you could do is get off of
X there's probably nothing that she does
that has more followers because of the
type of work she does and she's going to
leave
X while she doesn't have a way to
advertise her new
thing that might be the dumbest thing
anybody's ever done she's going to get
rid of the primary mechanism for free
publicity the only kind that's really
good be before right before she needs it
so she's going to have it for years and
then right before she needs it she's
going to get rid of it good plan there
Jen
anyway
um Chase Hughes
he talks about hypnosis yeah I saw a
little uh teaser on
that all right that's all I got for now
I'm going to say a few words to the
locals people privately but the rest of
you I will see tomorrow thanks for
joining and now local supporters coming
at
you
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e e