[Music]
well there's everybody coming
in don't mind my big pile of computer
debris in the
background I've been trying to upgrade
it's going to take some more work but in
a moment once everybody's here we're
going to do a thing called the show and
it's going to be amazing
[Music]
well good morning everybody and welcome
to the highlight of human civilization
it's called coffee with Scott Adams
special Father's Day Edition and if
you'd like to take your Father's Day up
to levels that nobody can understand
what their tiny smooth human
brains all you need for that is a CER
muger glass tanker chal din aen juger
flask a vessel of any kind fill it with
your favorite liquid I like coffee and
join me now for the unparallel pleasure
the dopamine day the day thing that
makes everything better it's called the
simultaneous Sip and happens now
go well I'd like to start out with a
special shout out to all the
fathers then I'd like to ask you this
question fathers how many of you have
ever set up a home theater system in
your your house in other words adding
the surround sound speakers and maybe a
bigger screen only to learn that when
you were done you were the only person
in your household who could use it
without
instructions and thus when you thought
you were creating something with a
remote control you are actually the
remote control and it works like this
Dad I can't turn on the home
theater all right I'll be right
there now in the comments tell me how
many of you dads are the only ones who
can use the home theater that you set up
in your
house every time I've ever done it yes
it seems that there's no such thing as a
home theater that everybody in the house
can use there's only a home theater that
Dad could use or when you call them to
push the right
buttons well there's a new study that
reveals that simply looking at trees can
boost your mental health looking at
trees oh let's add this to these studies
that you could have asked Scott about uh
I think I've even told you this before a
number of times and I would add to this
that uh pretty much every day after I do
the show one of the first things I do
after having a snack is I take my dog to
the
park
and uh one of the things I noticed is my
little park has some delightful trees
and I could actually feel the difference
in my mental health when I look at the
trees
now it's more than just you know one
tree it's that the park has a nice
arrangement of trees but the fact that
you can actually feel it in real
time that's that's mind-blowing because
I spend a lot of time indoors so the
contrast between indoors and Outdoors I
think it's just more Stark but when I go
directly from being indoors for you know
18 hours and go into the park you can
feel the trees have you ever had that
experience so if you can force yourself
to stand among the trees a little bit
every day wow you can really feel the
difference I recommend
it well here in California there's a
vote on whether parents should be
informed by schools when they Chang the
pronoun they use for the kids in other
words when your child starts identifying
as a different gender than the one you
knew
about uh is a school required to tell
you
well guess what every Cali
uh Democrat voted that's right every
California
everyone vot 29 to8 every single
Democrat voted to keep it a secret from
parents that the school was changing the
gender of your child I mean by calling
them a different
pronoun uh every single Republican voted
against
it now can we be honest about this this
is really not a political question is it
is one side being up and evil and
that's the whole
story Democrats are completely up
in California at least in California and
totally evil there's nothing else you
can say about this question this is
 up and
evil oh my
God you can't tell the parents when
you're changing the gender of their
children that
there's no argument to be had here this
is just batshit
crazy worse than communist I mean this
is just
evil meanwhile the US Department uh
State Department uh they're quite proud
of launching an updated online passport
renewal service so now you don't have to
go in person you can mail your stuff in
and upload them digitally that's right
the state department has caught up to
1996
everybody let's give it let's give a
hand to the state department you're up
to uploading documents digitally yay yay
I can't wait for what you have coming
next now I ask myself is there some
reason that didn't happen 20 years
ago and then I say to myself huh if we
were suspicious what would we suspect
about the fact that they made it easier
to cheat on your I assume easy iier to
cheat when you get your uh passport why
does it look like 100% of what Democrats
are doing is to destroy the country is
that my
imagination uh let's make the elections
harder to know if they're true what
let's make it easier for illegal aliens
who might have criminal records to get
into the country wait what let's make it
easier to get a fake passport but we'll
just say it's being more efficient wait
what let's put in electronic voting
machines that have no utility that we
can determine but people are really
really worried that they get used for
Cheating in elections wait what
what
what what don't these things have a
pattern they're all batshit crazy unless
you're trying to destroy the country
then it all makes sense
well beorn lomborg points out that
America has been getting greener
probably because of all that delicious
CO2 the plants are eating they love that
stuff and uh so the world is getting
more green but maybe also
warmer people would dispute the getting
warmer part but we know the green part
seems to be everybody seems to agree
don't see a lot of uh push back on that
but I'm going to I'm going to try again
this uh reframe all right here's a
reframe every time you put a human in a
situation where there's more Baseline
energy good things happen I wonder if
there will ever be an exception to that
now the reason I said Baseline energy is
to make an exception like if somebody
blows something up that's a lot of
energy but that's not Baseline so if
something happens that's a quick shock
you know that could be a bad application
of energy could be a bullet or a bomb or
lightning or something so you don't like
that kind but when is it ever bad to put
humans in proximity to Baseline more
energy because that's what that's what
the sun is the sun is
energy and so this energy is making
things
Greener and it should make it easier for
us to generate a power the worst thing
would be if if it were getting colder I
mean there's nothing you can do about
that well maybe you could but it'd be a
terrible problem if we're getting colder
so I just put that general question has
it ever been a bad idea to put humans
where there's they have access to lots
of Baseline energy because in my view
you know my economics view of the world
every time your energy situation is good
you do
well it seems to me
well Beware of the UFO Krakens I say uh
one of the things I learned uh on
YouTube is that according to people who
are not in the not in the CIA it's
common for the
CIA to hide Its Behavior by creating 10
fake stories to hide that one of them
might be
real for example it's rumored I would
say this is not confirmed but some say
that a lot of the UFO reports were
intentionally faked to hide the fact
that there are real UFOs and that the
government has has a bunch and they shot
them down and they're reverse
engineering all the technology none of
this I believe by the way I I believe
zero of those
stories but um there is some indication
that maybe some of the UFOs are just
Skunk Works you know like locky skunk
works and that the big triangle looking
ones with lights on them might be just
you know experimental planes but the
little Tic Tac ones people think no the
Tic Tac ones or alien
technology I don't think so but my
question is this have have we seen a
pattern where if we think there's
something real the The Zone gets flooded
with fake
reports there are two domains in which
I've seen this happen one is UFOs and I
work
I'm especially worried because I saw
Michael shellenberger uh way into the
controversy now shellenberger if you've
been following the news at all you know
he would be right at the top of credible
journalists not any of the corporate
media but like a a real
independent honest God real reporting
you know the Matt Tai stuff where you
don't care which side is coming from
you're just going to report it anyway
there are only a few of them in the
whole world there are only a few of them
and the next thing I know I see shelin
Burger talking about UFO well
uaps now um I don't I don't believe that
he had an opinion on it except that it
looks like something's going on which is
a fair
opinion but here's what I worry about I
worry I worry that this technique of
flooding The Zone with fake stuff as in
the cind Sydney Powell
Kraken in my opinion the Kraken that
Sydney Powell said was coming was
because there were too many fake stories
that looked real and she may have
latched onto one and it may have come
from a trusted Source here's a dog not
barking you ready for
this Sydney Powell has never said why
she thought the Kraken was
coming somebody that she trusted told
her it was coming and she believed
it somebody probably associated with an
intelligence or the bad
guys I think it's a common practice for
the bad guys to seed a whole bunch of
fake stories so that credible people
start looking
non-credible and I'm quite concerned
that the UFO thing is that that every
person who says yeah UFOs loses an ounce
of
credibility so take take Joe Rogan for
example uh through no efforts I don't
think it was his mission but he became
one of the more credible people in the
media landscape now he became credible
just because there's no indication he's
ever tried to lie to you you he may have
been wrong about a few things like
everybody in the world but there's no
indication not even a hint that he has
any incentive or ever has lied to you
that's really dangerous because if he
tells you something you know in a minute
you can say well he never lied to me
before so he's probably right about that
but then you feed him some stuff about
UFOs until the people watching say you
know
what that's a little too far for me so
maybe the other things he says aren't
that credible
either Beware of the UFOs and also
beware latching onto any specific
election irregularity claim I think both
of those are traps
um
beware well Star Wars the acolyte um the
ratings are in and it's completely in
the
toilet and here's why one of the reasons
why I think it happened I'm going to go
full
sexist sexism coming if you can't handle
it you might want to stop watching now
sexism incoming goes like this if you're
an American man do you you think about
how women will be impacted by your
decisions yes or no you're an American
man when you make a personal or
even professional decision does it ever
come into your mind oh what are women
going to think about this the answer is
yes because we're trained that way uh
everything you say to your
spouse you're thinking uh oh what she
going to think about this I better put
this right I better not say this wrong I
hope she's in a good mood now does it
work the other way I don't believe it
does now of course everybody always
thinks about what everybody thinks in
sort of a general way but I don't
believe that women are super concerned
about what men think about anything
because men act like we're not too
bothered by too many
things so I think in general men put
themselves in the position of okay I
can't be a woman but like using my
historical experience what trouble could
I get in if I do this versus that I
don't think women do that and I think
that explains the
acolyte there's no way you make this
movie The acolyte with any sense that
male opinion is even important to the
process I I believe that it was just a
you know there were probably locked in
some kind of woman's lgbtq
world and they figured if they make
themselves happy the rest of the world
would be happy because that's the way it
usually
works they just have to make themselves
happy and that's good enough well guess
what if you spit on men long enough they
don't go to your stupid movie
and we're completely done speaking for
all men I can't always do that but I'm
going to do that this time speaking on
behalf of all my men you can take your
Star Wars movie and you shove it up your
front hole as far as it goes because we
don't need this anymore and if
you're not even going to spend a
second thinking about what we want to
pay money for we're not going to pay our
 money for it happy Father's
Day well let's look at the propaganda
the AP has some
propaganda uh they're talking about how
Trump was talking about uh that Biden
should have to take a cognitive test oh
but the AP Zing they Zing the president
listen to this that President Trump was
saying that Biden should take a
cognitive test and then he totally
confused the name of the Doctor Who gave
him the test oh it's it's like they're
equal now that's the way I see it I I I
think that uh that Trump's cognitive
problems probably just like Biden's
because that name confusion thing that
he just did here let's see what did he
confuse uh he called Ronnie Jackson
Ronnie
Johnson um that would be in the category
of things that literally every person in
the world mixes up if you asked me
tomorrow what was the name of his
original White House doctor because
that's Ronnie Jackson was the White
House doctor for Trump I would have said
I think that's Ronnie um starts with a
J no you can't compare confusing Johnson
and Jackson
with Biden not knowing what
planet he's on maybe I'm saying the f
word too much today no those are not
equal that's propaganda AP propaganda
alert is there more propaganda well
certainly there is I see a story that
says Javier mes Argentina is in complete
chaos there's rioting in this streets
about his uh populist
Uprising although Alex Jones warned us
it might be a communist Uprising it
might not be everybody's Uprising it
might be the Communists it might be a
CIA Le Uprising that would not surprise
anybody what does the CIA think about
populists what do you think the CIA
thinks about
mle I think they think he's not going to
listen to what they want I think the
cia's job probably is to overthrow him
now I'm not in favor of that but I'll
bet they think it's their job and it's
completely legal in America for them to
do illegal things in other
countries
so yeah I have real questions whether
this is a real story or is it propaganda
and is it just CIA propaganda before
they try to take over the country that's
my guess my guess is that's exactly
what's happening just a guess well I'm
loving the Democrats for making it so
easy to know what is true versus what's
not true if I haven't told you what the
liar Squad is let me remind you there's
a group of Democrats that come out when
you need to really really lie and
everybody knows you're
lying now regular Democrats will often
say the same things you know they'll
agree with their team but they're not
really front and center sort of if you
if you track if you track them down in
the halls of the capital like put a
microphone what do you think about this
they might say the same thing as a
professional Liars on their team but
they're not they're not volunteering to
go on camera the one the ones who go
first and
loudest the liar Squad you got Dan
Goldman uh you got Rasin shiff swell
Brandon Clapper and that worse than
Watergate guy who they really when they
really have a bad one they'll wheel out
the worse than Watergate guy now I'm
forgetting a few it's not a complete
list now hold
on I I see you saying Schumer and uh
Pelosi they're not in the
list Schumer and Pelosi are just the
leaders so they they just you know say
whatever the uh the people are saying in
the group but the professional Liars are
the people who are not the
leaders and apparently they will say
anything no matter how transparently
untrue it is I mean Goldman is still
supporting that the laptop from hell
isn't real as of what a few weeks ago
you who still arguing in public that
maybe it wasn't verified to all be real
maybe there was some stuff in there that
was planted you never
know okay um so look for that Goldman
Ras and shift swell Brandon Clapper and
the worst in the Watergate guy those are
the guaranteed this isn't true people
and it's actually helpful once you learn
to spot them you can know immediately
what's not true because it's one of
these people defending that is true and
and by the way I mean that literally I
mean you literally can tell what's true
and not true with I would say 100% with
100% accuracy they just don't come out
the specific group unless it's a lie
it's they the liar
Squad all right Trump apparently uh said
the other day that one of his speeches
was Rewritten with AI and apparently he
may have actually given that speech now
Rewritten means that I just think they
just tou thei tightened it up a little
bit he talks about his speech writer you
know showed him the before and after and
he agreed that the after was a little
tighter it was a little better so here's
what I love about
Trump he is not that far from uh Biden's
age but he has a young man's
mind for better for worse you know all
the uh the nicknames and the funny
insults and stuff they do read as you
know sort of
juvenile but what you get for that
package is a young mind he has a very
young mind you know he's crypto okay AI
now he's he's fascinated Enough by AI
that you know his curiosity is bringing
him further into the
topic which is just a great thing to see
from somebody of a certain
age so he does
uh he does such a good job of that now
here's a question you must ask
yourself here's a perspective that I can
give you as a professional
writer speech writers have a lot of
influence on government policy because
if a speech writer can write it in a way
that's really
persuasive then the politician who
approves it says whoa that's really
persuasive I'm going to go with that if
if the speech writer can't figure out a
way to say it in a way that the country
is going to buy it the candidate will
kind of spot the same thing and maybe
deemphasize it so what you have is a
situation where nobody talks about this
except writers I guess writers are super
influential if you've seen me influence
anything in the real world it's because
I'm a writer meaning that I know how to
say things in a way that other people
can pick up as a persuasive way to say
something so just the fact that I can
frame things in a better way gives me
incredible influence over the public
because I can show a good way to say
something somebody important can
recognize it say whoa that is a good way
to say that and then they say it so if
you can say it best you run every
conversation whoever can say it best is
in charge basically I mean for all
practical purposes whoever is best at
wording things ends up being in charge
you just don't know
it so now think about AI being used for
speech
writing now the way that Trump explained
it I think it just tightened up the
writing yeah didn't change the content
but how far are we from some lesser
known politician let's say an AOC who's
got the Charisma but isn't so good in
the messaging but they just turn on AI
and say look I'm this kind of politician
I need a very persuasive speech on this
topic and then just give that speech now
at the moment the best human speakers
can write a way better speech than the
best AI but we all kind of think that's
going to cross over so that maybe only
you know a few AB Lincoln can do better
than the AI so if you if you pair
a an AOC type charisma
with AI written persuasive
speeches it kind of puts AI running the
country because even though the
politician gets to say yes or no to
reading the speech they won't say no if
it keeps working so the way AI can
control us is not by some kind of force
or threat it's by its
usefulness AI will control Us by its
utility you will soon realize there's no
point in reading the speech it wrote for
you until you deliver it just think
about
that that's a real thing I can predict
with certainty that at some point in the
next five years for sure maybe one
there's going to be a some somebody's
going to give a speech they never read
they just told the AI to write it they
printed it out they put it in their
pocket got on stage and read it that's
going to happen then who's running your
country the
AI and it's not doing it with any
malicious intent there's no objective to
it it would simply be
useful if it's useful it's going to run
the country that's it because we don't
ignore utility utility is really
persuasive all right it works I'll keep
doing
it uh over in Europe I guess Med is
having trouble with their AI cuz some
Irish entity told them they can't use
local data which makes their AI useless
so remember I told you that humans are
more dangerous to AI than AI is to
humans well here we are so the Europeans
are trying to kill
AI um tell me an advantage that America
has over China Japan and Europe in
Commerce okay I'll tell you here's the
advantage that America has over
Europe Asia and China when it comes to
AI there are two has go fast and oh my
God you might destroy the world or go
slow and you're in a lot of trouble that
way too what's the American way to do
anything you already know we're going to
go
fast if we can now the government would
want to slow it down right if it's up to
the government but in America we're
going to say the government wants me to
slow down well how about I just don't
tell the government until I'm done
that's the American way yeah we'll tell
you when we're done oh was that too fast
sorry about that but it's out there
whoops too too late I I wish I'd asked
in advance but it's a good thing I
didn't no America has a tremendous
advantage in AI because of our
personalities the the American
personality is this is super dangerous
but also super
valuable when do we start
[Laughter]
we love this
 we we eat this for breakfast of
course we'll take the risk of course we
will will it work out well nobody knows
but it's the right it's the right
play um I do think you have to make
noise about safety just so it's not
forgotten but even within that you know
within those boundaries America is going
to be more flexible than other countries
and I really think that's going to make
a difference
uh we found out that Biden's
EPA uh took a bunch of money meant for
clean energy and gave it to groups that
oppose immigration
enforcement that's a real thing
happening that you thought you voted for
clean energy and they gave it to
opposing protecting your
country do you think that maybe
everything that we fund everywhere needs
to be looked at carefully do you think
that we need a vake like personality in
the government to say how about if you
can't prove where you spent the money
last time you get zero how about that
how about your budget for next year zero
if you can't tell me what you spend it
on this year in a way that we're all
happy with it zero goodbye you get
nothing that's why we should play this
if anybody says oh well maybe we'll
start tracking it next year no zero zero
is what you get if you can't show where
your money
went and maybe a republican
Administration can get that done I have
my skepticism that Republicans would be
tough enough but there are some
characters who might be V is one of
them
um axios is reporting that Biden might
need these celebrity endorsements and
celebrity fundraising to get him over
the uh the
mark you know what I like about this the
fact that that there's a you know a
Democrat sort of a Democrat leaning
publication axios that's telling us that
they're going to need the
celebrities here's what I love about
that they're not hiding Democrats are
not hiding the fact that they need the
dumbest people in America to back them
or else they can't
win celebrities are well understood by
every every demographic in America we
all know that they're dumber than us am
I right asian-americans looking at
Celebrities H well they're dumber than
we are uh Black Americans looking at
Celebrities all right I love some of
those celebrities but you know on
average they're dumber than we are um I
think everybody looks at celebrities as
the dumbest people and nobody blinks
when the Democrats say yeah once we get
all the dumbest people in America on our
side we're going to raise some serious
money I think you need to call that they
have intentionally decided that their
fate has to be separated from the smart
people do you know why because smart
people aren't going to let you
change the gender of your kid and not
tell the parents that's for
idiots that's what idiots do
celebrities for example so no the
Democrats have to get as far as they can
from smart people and they're signaling
it as clearly as they can how about how
about about their Tik Tock idea yeah
Biden had a great Tik Tock idea hey
young people fellow young people on Tik
Tock we'll get the we'll get the Tik
tocker influencers why Tik Tock
influencers because aside from
celebrities they're the dumbest
people in the world and everybody agrees
even the people who like them even the
people who follow them right nobody's
saying they're brilliant they're the
dumbest people and the Democrats need
the dumbest people because the smartest
people have already left really really
obviously who are the smartest people
Bill lman Elon Musk jth
Pia David Sachs I could list a lot more
but they're not all
public but trust me there are no smart
people left supporting Biden and I mean
that actually literally as in 100% now
are people who have high IQs who support
them but they're also lost in TDS have
you watched M MSNBC lately the game I
like to play when I watch
MSNBC is liar stupid or
TDS liar stupid or TDS because there's
no other explanation for what you're
seeing now I don't play that on CNN in
2024 when I turn on CNN and smish comes
on I don't see any of those things he's
not lying he's not stupid and he doesn't
have
TDS so I don't say that but when the
MSNBC people come on pretty much every
one of them there might be an exception
actually some of the lawyers look like
they're actually not crazy or stupid but
the the main host like uh Morning
Joe what I I'm fascinated by Morning Joe
I can't stop watching because I'm not
exactly sure if he's operating from
stupidity TDS or lying my current view
is lying as in he's being blackmailed by
somebody because he couldn't be that
stupid and hold the
job I don't think he can right it's not
like yeah I just don't think they could
do that complicated job and be that
stupid so I would rule out stupid but
the thing with Joe is he doesn't exactly
look like he has TDS and he used to love
trump it looks like he's lying for some
purpose that's not obvious to us I don't
know what it
is yeah
um so here's another story more about
men leaving the Democrat Party so Biden
uh are both ramping up their messaging
toward black male
voters so Trump's doing it and he's got
uh he's got a group uh is it blacks for
Trump or something I saw CJ Pearson was
talking about he's going to be a member
of
that uh we'll get to that later anyway
um but apparently Biden realizes he's um
he's losing black
ERS but I think he's missing the I think
he's missing the plot Biden isn't losing
black voters he's losing men no matter
what they look like they're still
unwilling to admit what's going on
because once they admit that they're
losing men they're going to admit that
their their whole situation is bad
crazy because even the women realize
that if all the men who are smart leave
they're doing something wrong
on some level they understand that if
all the smart men leave and all they
have left is some betas and some
grazes even the Democrats are going to
notice they might be doing something
wrong so yes we're getting so close but
the Democrats cannot acknowledge what's
actually happening which is it's male
flight from a female lad disaster the
Democrat Party is a female Le disaster
for the country
and um all right so there's another
story here uh Patrick B David had uh
somebody on who was saying that the odds
of the CIA having a body double for
Biden is close to 100% And that they've
had B they've had body doubles since
Reagan's day but they may have improved
to the point where it could give a
speech do you believe that do you
believe that there's a in body
double and that it may have improved to
the point in other words the technology
or the technique of having body double
may have improved to the point where it
can give a speech and you wouldn't tell
the
difference and some say the State of the
Union was the body
double what do you
say here's what I
say Beware of the
Kraken Beware of the Kraken that to me
doesn't sound like one of those stories
that you should go out and retweet as if
you believe it I would call that a
recreational belief it's fun and I love
looking into it and I love thinking
about the possibility and I wonder you
know could anybody pull it off at some
point in the future but don't believe it
if you believe it you're going to be out
there looking like a dope not because
it's untrue I don't know if it's true or
untrue I'd bet against it but it's going
to make you look like like you you have
less credibility because you know what's
going to happen next we're about it's
probably already happened there's going
to be a big story on the left that the
uh the big old dope far right people
think that Biden is not even
Biden it's going to make you look stupid
but if you want to just believe it for
fun you know as long as you're as long
as you're very clearly just having fun
with it it's a recreational belief and I
all for it it's kind of fun but I don't
think there's anything to
it that's my best
guess um there's a disturbing story
about some Little Rock Airport executive
who was accused of doing something bad
paperwork wise with some guns maybe sold
the gun privately in a way they
shouldn't have happened but uh the ATF
decided to do this pre-dawn raid
which because he was not warned that
armed people would be knocking at his
house he apparently got his gun which
resulted in him having his head blown
off by the ATF now do you think they
could have handled this a different way
such as hey once you come into the uh
police department we've got this
question for you do you think they
should have at least maybe tried
to have a peaceful solution given that
he had no record of violence no criminal
record now was the thing he was accused
of a bad sounding crime it might have
been but it wasn't a violent
crime and to imagine that he should be
treated like this when you know he's got
a house full of
Guns is weirdly
stupid and people are saying that it's
an intentional murder basically and to
the point where somebody's saying Little
Rock Airport I think I saw Mike Ben say
I wonder what he knows about the Little
Rock Airport to correct me if I'm wrong
the Little Rock airport has in the past
been implicated as a destination of
sketchy things is that is that true
because I have this vague memory of
Little Rock Airport being literally part
of some spy op as some point was
it yeah now would that mean that this
guy would know it and so they were going
to take him down I don't know but as
Mike cernovich and others pointed out
we're we're not in an environment where
you can call this an accident
automatically we're in an environment
where we don't know that it was anything
but a terrible terrible decision by
people who were poorly trained and maybe
had bad
motives but man you got to ask yourself
if this is just more Republicans being
hunted because I'm pretty sure he was
probably a republican don't know that
but if that's the case I'd be extra
worried well Trump says he's not going
to fund anybody who's into CRT he says
on day one he'll sign a new executive
order to cut Federal funding for any
school pushing critical race Theory
transgender transgender insanity and
other inappropriate sexual racial stuff
he'll not give he'll not give one penny
to any school that has a vaccine mandate
or a mask
mandate well those are CL crowd
Pleasers um and it looks like something
he could actually do and would actually
do yeah I mean I think he could pull it
off so yes do all of those things please
and if you want one reason to vote for
Trump there it is if you don't fix that
we're completely dead and he's the only
one offering a solution so let me say it
again if you don't fix this all the of
the brainwashing in schools we're dead
we cannot survive this it's unsurvivable
I think we'll correct so I'm not saying
we won't survive but there's no real
decision this time you know what's fun
about this
election here's what's
fun in most elections there isn't really
that much difference between the
candidates
I remember when Gore run against ran
against
Bush and at the time don't judge me
don't judge me at the time I preferred
Gore you I'd met him once I liked him
and and then Bush won and do you know
what my immediate reaction was H well
I'm sure he'll be
fine I didn't even have a reaction to it
because they didn't seem like they were
really that different
I didn't think so but then but now we
have this situation where uh Biden and
Trump are not just different
politically but it's real obvious to
everybody that Biden's brain is done now
under this very unique situation which I
don't think has ever happened before you
can tell who's
lying with
certainty and that's not really ever
been the case before usually if somebody
said my team is good your team is bad
well maybe they made some good points
but you know it' all be Tangled Up in
the bias and the fake news and you know
you didn't know what was really real so
other people's arguments looked well you
know that looks like a reasonable
opinion I just happened to
disagree but now people who were backing
Biden they don't have a reasonable
that's not a reasonable
opinion yeah I've never seen this before
for where you can say for sure that if
somebody's saying oh Biden's fine behind
closed doors and he's our best bet you
can know that that person is just a
 person you don't even have to
think about their opinion you can know
that they're a professional liar and so
this is what allows us you know that
plus all the lawfare and the all the
hoaxes have allowed us to identify their
liar
Squad so what happened is they the liar
Squad is now crystal clear
you know and Morning Joe is one of them
obviously and now you can watch it for
entertainment yeah Liz jany kininger
the're they're all just the liar Squad
and and it's just kind of funny I mean
it'd be funnier if it wasn't destroying
the country but it's funny to watch them
flail because on some level they know
that everybody knows they're lying
because there's nobody who's looking at
Biden today and saying well he looks
good enough nobody there's not a
Democrat not a child not a white person
not a black person there's nobody
there's nobody thinks he's okay so that
gives you this moment of complete
clarity about who are the terrible
people they're the ones saying he's okay
there's no question about it you don't
have to wonder anymore and it's actually
weirdly clarifying and I find it
comforting in the strangest obscene way
but it's nice to know for sure what's
true and what's not rarely do you get
that uh there's a company called scale
Ai and the CI the CEO Alexander Wang
whose name I'd like you to hear
Alexander Wang why because he's my hero
so I'm GNA say his name again Alexander
Wang here's the name of his company
again uh scale AI
remember those
names here's why he just went out in
public and said that uh they're not
going to do Dei they're going to do Mei
which is Merit and he says from now on
we're a mer well not from now on just
always I guess scale is a meritocracy
and we must always remain
one do you know what's the best part of
this
story he was not
canceled no push
back it's two stories one story is one
Brave hero said this out loud at Great
personal risk great personal risk he was
the right one to say it
Asian-American I I assume he's American
um thank
you thank
you and so I appreciate it I personally
appreciate it so you you can make your
own judgment but damn I appreciate this
guy because he's taking the arrow if
there is one
but his timing might be perfect because
I didn't see a lot of push back I'm I'm
sort of in my little uh bubble so maybe
there was some push back I didn't see
but uh I think it's a sign of change
that a CEO can say that directly with
no no um no softening just said it
directly no we're not going to do that
anymore we're a meritocracy you're going
to have to live with
that well every uh Sunday or
uh I see clips about Bill Mah not
understanding the news here here's the
latest one and by the way his job is to
follow the
news and it and he's very valuable uh
because he's
transparent transparency covers a lot of
problems right there are a lot of things
I don't like but as long as it's
transparent nobody's hiding anything
from me nobody's lying to me I can
accept a lot easier like ah I don't like
it but at least it's transparent one of
the things I'm going to compliment but
also criticize is that Bill Maher lives
transparently in other words I've never
picked up you know he's got some TDS but
I've never picked up something that
looked like an intentional lie right
he's got the he's got the Elon Musk uh
Joe Rogan quality where you could
disagree with
him but it doesn't feel like he's lying
like like ever so he's got that going
for him but when he but he asked his
guests um he said uh you know explain to
me how that Delaware computer repair guy
who had the the hunter Biden laptop how
is it that he gets to keep it just
because it was left there and and he
thought there was some you know some
Shenanigans going on that this guy
suspiciously gets to keep a
laptop now every one of you knows the
answer to that question
right in the
comments I just want to test this do
every one of you know the answer to that
question because I do because I watch
the news what news did he watch so he
doesn't know the answer to the question
and the answer of the question is you'll
you'll probably see it in the comments
that because it's a fairly common
occurrence that somebody will drop
something off for repair and never come
back to pick it up the the repair guy
had a policy you have to sign a thing
that says if you don't pick it up in so
many days it becomes the property of the
shop and Hunter signed that document
Hunter being you know trained attorney
signed a document that says if I don't
pick it up it belongs to
you now you all knew that
right did all of you know that it's I've
seen it reported I don't know bunch of
times but how in the world do you have a
job where you talk about the news and
you miss that
I mean that was pretty common news item
pretty
common so um my my point here is that as
much as I appreciate M being able to you
know address things in his honest and
transparent way on both sides he needs
to understand how um crippled he is by
his news
sources because I think he said he's
been also very open about having only a
few news sources the ones he trusts you
know like the New York
Times I know that sounded like a
punchline didn't it but he actually said
that that you reads the New York Times
because you only wants to read The
Trusted
news he he's almost there he he's so
close but he's not quite there
yet uh meanwhile Joe Biden does a tweet
he about inflation he goes zero that was
the monthly inflation in May there's
more to do still but this is welcome
progress really why is there more to do
if you've got it to zero nobody's ever
done that before that that should be the
greatest Victory lap and the Victory lap
of all Victory laps my God Joe Biden got
inflation down to zero holy cow let's
all give him a of course that's not true
of course he didn't get inflation down
to zero it's way up from where he
started office and it continues to go up
3.3% a year now is 3. 3% bad inflation
not bad it's not bad so what he should
say is that it's come down a lot um in
terms of in terms of the future rate the
the future growth has come down but we
still have inflation 3 and a half% still
mean something especially if they took
28% out of your paycheck in the past few
years which is approximately what
happened for a lot of
goods so that's just a big
lie
um I I saw this conspiracy theory that I
like from yasi gestner on X he said why
didn't Obama and the Democrats make
juneth a Federal holiday a decade ago
and his his uh reasoning is simple the
day came into focus when Trump had
planned to return campaigning on uh on
on June uh June 19th of uh 2020
and then everything else came in do you
think that a Federal holiday was created
just to dunk on
Trump is that a thing a Federal holiday
was created just to make Trump look
bad I'm not sure that happened because
everything was moving woke since uh you
know since uh Obama so I like the fact
that somebody's asking the question
whether even and juneth is real now it's
real in terms of historical you know
there's a history to it of course but
the making of making a Federal holiday
out of it do you think that was purely
an anti-trump
thing now I don't think everybody who
was involved in the decision was just
thinking anti-trump but do you think
that's what pushed it across the uh the
Finish Line to actually make it a
Federal holiday I think maybe
yes I think maybe yes it it may have
been the difference between it the final
you know the final mile to become an
actual
law
anyway um I made a comment about
military recruitment on X yesterday got
a lot of uh attention and I said the US
military recruitment problem is entirely
due to white men no longer joining and I
said that Dei is the reason for that now
people wait in with their own opinions
and they said no no Scott it's because
the economy is better under Biden
and so all all those uh people who were
joining the military before they just go
get good jobs
instead to which I said okay are you
missing the main part of what I said
which is that it's white men that's
Based on data not guessing uh I think it
was it maybe Victor David Hansen I heard
it from I don't want to blame him if
it's wrong but I think somebody somebody
credible said the other day that 100% of
the difference in uh
military enrollment is white men that
the other categories are about the same
as before so uh blacks Hispanics um
women asian-americans seems about the
same as before but white men uh
enrolling
plunged now if I say the only group that
plunged was white men here's the wrong
answer it's because the economy is good
so the white men went and got better
jobs
no
no if the economy was what's happening
then everybody would have gone and got a
better
job
everybody white people don't have the
advantage in getting a better job have
have you met
Dei Dei means that corporations are
begging for diverse people and if they
can get them from any Source they're
going to do it so if people were going
to join the Army before but suddenly
they realized that uh Pepsi Cola and
apple will be scrambling for their
services because they want to be
diverse it seems to me that the diverse
people would have gone first because
they by far have the greatest
opportunity under a Biden administration
because the white man are discriminated
against an employment in all big
companies now less so in private
companies but in all big companies white
men are are last on the list for jobs
now if you're listening to this and
you're a Democrat and you just want my
God I can't believe he even thinks that
oh my God I'm sorry what your news has
done to you if you're a Democrat and you
don't know that a white man practically
can't get a job in Corporate America
today
you I'm not even going to try to correct
you just you right we're we're
Beyond oh let look at my data we're all
the way to you shut the up
it's just a fact everybody knows it's a
fact it's been a fact for 30
years it's a fact now it's harder for a
white man to get a job in Corporate
America if there are any diverse
category candidates who are also
applying at the same time it's almost
impossible every white man knows that
everyone now this is where a black man
from Chicago always comes in and says oh
yeah can you show me some proof of that
yeah walk outside tap on the shoulder
any white man 50 years or older and ask
have you had personal experience in
which you were turned down because
you're a white man 100 perc of
them will say yes talk to a white man
maybe once in your
life and if you tell me you have that
you have one white friend well maybe you
need another
one so yes it's definitely U men not
joining I would think it's obvious that
it's a Dei problem because if I were to
join the military uh do you think I
would Stand Out Among the other military
recruits well we're probably going to
look largely the same you know we're
going to go through the same training we
joined for probably similar reasons you
know didn't have something better
cooking so no if you're a white man I
say don't join the military you'd be an
idiot sorry now I do respect of course
service and uh uh I thank anybody who's
been in the military but at the moment
the military has been transformed into
an anti-white man Organization no white
man should join an anti-white man
organization that's just common sense if
you are black you should run toward Dei
as fast as you can because it's great
for
you so that's what it's for if you're a
white man you should try to get away
from any situation in which they've
designed it to be bad for you which is
all corporations and the military at the
moment stay away from them if
can uh here's something funny as you
know Puerto Rico had hundreds they say
of discrepancies in their electronic
voting machines it was all kinds of
stuff like some didn't record a vote
some actually gave the vote to the wrong
person there were different software
problems and versions and
stuff um of course I've been saying that
uh I can't think of any reason why and
nobody has suggested a reason for
electronic voting machines they're not
more efficient they're not cheaper
they're not faster they're not more
credible they're not anything they're
just harder more expensive and less
credible so why would you have
them there's only one reason to
cheat if there's another reason I beg
you to tell me so I don't keep saying
this in public I beg you if you have any
other explanation for them that isn't
bash yet crazy because people have been
coming oh it's because they're more
efficient no they're not we know they're
not not even a
little so uh Elon Musk weighed in and
said that uh the voting machine should
be replaced because even if humans can't
or don't hack them AI will pretty soon
all right so Elon
Musk one of our greatest engineering
mins and mins in general also the head
of a company doing major AI work to
tells you that your electronic voting
machines are by their nature by their
nature a bad idea because they're not
secure by their nature it's not a
specific problem it's it's an unsolvable
problem because by its nature it's it's
vulnerable what did uh somebody from the
uh the fake news in Arizona say about
that uh mocked Elon Musk for having his
silly opinion the voting machine should
be uh should be replaced and rasmuson
Report mocked the mocker by saying
Sunday update let's check in on Arizona
Legacy Media ah yes that's the standard
answer uh to imagine that Elon Musk
doesn't understand
computers somebody actually posted in
public that Elon Musk doesn't understand
voting machines and so you should not
pay attention to
them really that's the best you had the
best you had is that Elon Musk doesn't
understand
technology that was the best they had
honestly that's the best argument I've
seen nobody says they're cheaper nobody
says they're easier nobody says they're
more efficient nobody says they're more
credible they just say that Elon Musk
doesn't know
technology that's who you're dealing
with people that's who you're dealing
with uh meanwhile kako the Great a great
thread on X about what Democrats have
said about voting machines as well as
computer science professors prior to
them deciding that voting machines are
perfect do you know when Democrats
decided that voting machines work
perfectly 2020 it was a miraculous
turnaround because before that they were
sure that voting machines were rigal and
probably rigged here are some of the
things that Democrats have said about
voting machines all right this is all
all from
Democrats and this is all on kakoa the
Great's post and you should be following
Keno the
great uh easily hackable uh they can all
be hacked spread of
malware uh if they get any malware on
them uh you can spread by the USB
drives um let's see uh programming
practices most of the systems are
programmed by local officials so you
have to you have to count on all the
local officials being non-corrupt and
qualified and do you think that your
election systems attract the best and
the brightest technology
people when you get your computer
science degree do you say to yourself
finally I got my Stanford degree in
computer science I can't wait to work on
the election
systems right no said no one the
election systems I guarantee are the the
lowest level of Technology capability
because all the smart people are going
to go get a better job for someone who
has technical experience is probably
among the worst jobs you could ever have
I would guess all right so you got all
these local people and third-party
vendors oh thirdparty vendors you can
trust them um and they use previously
used USB drives are you kidding
me for internet connection Ed computers
Internet connected computers are you
 committed before plugging them
into scanners tabulators and voting ma
are you kidding
me outdated systems in 2019 the AP
reported that uh most of the 10,000
election Juris jurisdiction
jurisdictions including the swing states
were still
using Windows 7 or older systems now
this was
2019 I'm guessing updated them since
then but if it was a disaster in 2019 in
terms of
security why would it be better will you
think they fired all those people and
hired all new ones it's probably the
same people probably 75% of the same
people uh end of Windows 7 support that
may have been fixed but it was a problem
then why wouldn't we why would we expect
that that sort of problem wouldn't be
now remote access and modems they're not
supposed to have that but they do
Dominion voting machines the second
largest vendor public publicly
acknowledge using Mo modems in their
machines and running remote access
software during the 2020
election for example in Georgia election
worker blah blah blah testified that the
Dominion employees operated remotely on
ballot marking devices and pole pads
okay that's a huge
vulnerability and then the findings from
Wisconsin Michigan investigators found
that Dominion and Es esns machines were
online and connected to the internet in
Michigan a modem chip was discovered on
a voting machine potentially allowing
hackers to intercept and manipulate
results now so in 2016 Democrats were
yelling at the top of their lungs that
voting machines were not
secure after 2020 they're voting they
were yelling at the top of their lungs
that voting machines are completely
secure and you should believe what they
told
you it's amazing the the things that
Democrats can be told and they will
believe is
amazing all right here's uh something
that was hard to predict that there was
apparently some kind of Ukraine Summit
in Switzerland and that broke down KL
Harris was there and as was Germany's
chancellor Schultz both of them have
quote unexpectedly left the peace Summit
in swisser I had a schedule and no
breakthroughs were
achieved now let me put this in
perspective putting the dilber filter on
it let's say you've got a gigantic
problem such as a Ukraine war and man do
you want to solve that problem so what
do you do if you really really want to
get that problem solved you send KLA
Harris right because it's really
important and you got to get that solved
no find the pattern they send Harris
when they don't want to solve a problem
she's in charge of the
Border because they don't want to solve
that and she's perfect for it because
she can't solve anything they don't want
to end the war in Ukraine very obviously
they don't want to end it so they send
Kamala to negotiate the end of it do you
know why I think Germany's chancellor
Olaf Schultz left early because KLA
Harris was there and he could tell that
there wasn't any chance that anything
useful could actually come of it I I
think you said you're just you're just
wasting my time why am I here with k
Harris she can't make a decision doesn't
have a brain can't make anything happen
she's obviously being sent to kill this
thing not to make it work there's the
Dilbert filter I I would do the same
thing with WALL-E oh by the way the
reason I know this trick is it happened
to
me uh before I got fired from my
corporate
job I learned this much later but the uh
the top guy in engineering the senior
vice president of engineering got a
whiff that I was working on a cartoon
strip on the side and that it was sort
of uh insulting to
management so he called my boss's boss
in and said you got to fire this guy now
this is before Dilbert was too famous he
was trying to nip it in the butt he said
you have to fire this guy because on his
own time he's doing Comics that are
insulting to management it's going to
blow back on us now to my to my boss's
boss's credit he was a standup guy and
he said no way I'm not going to fire him
for telling jokes on his own time now
don't you appreciate that like you you
think oh such weasel and the corporate
world but no my boss's boss actually
stood up for me he said I'm not going to
fire him he has stood up to his boss
said I'm not going to fire him what I'm
going to do is I'm going to give him bad
assignments and he'll quit on his own
I'm not making that up that's what
actually happened that actually happened
and then I
noticed I kept getting these assignments
that you would only give to kamla Harris
or me you know what I mean an assignment
that only KLA Harris or me would get and
yes I did find the
pattern and yes I did get
revenge you want to hear about my
revenge I feel bad that I did this but
it was so funny it was worth it it was
my job to figure out if ISDN this sort
of early internet technology for fast um
fast digital messages but wasn't fast by
today standard but it was fast by them
so it was my job to to do the economic
analysis of whether Pacific Bell she get
into the ISDN business hard which would
be like a billion dollarss
and I gave a presentation to Senior
Management about spending it was really
a god awful amount of money I don't
remember the actual number and here was
my
conclusion I said everything about this
would work out well if you take the
assumption that you have a qualified
staff that would be capable of
implementing the things that you want to
do to make this company a big data
expert where we typically don't we
didn't have that much expertise
and so they said so wait are you
recommending it or not recommending it
because that sounded a little sort of
like there's an if and I looked them
directly in the face and I said if you
trust your employees to do a good job of
implementing this is a great idea and
you should spend the billion
dollars and they
said of course we've got such good
employees and they said
yes okay I was
joking we didn't have employees that
could possibly pull that off so how do
you like your istn service the one you
don't have because when they tried to
implement it they couldn't pull it
off I did that
them I did it intentionally because I
figured out what they were doing to
me I did I told the truth I said if you
trust your employees they could probably
pull this off I just knew that they were
they were morons and they couldn't
so that's what
happens anyway so the Ukraine Summit was
a flop big surprise big
surprise
um more than according to NBC news they
did talking about a poll they said more
than six in 10 black adults in America
according to a Pew study agreed that
institutions such as the criminal
justice system the country's economic
system and policing are designed to hold
black people back well first of all I
would point out that the criminal
justice system and the policing are kind
of the same system and I would agree
that there's uh I'm sure there's some
level of discrimination going on
there um I don't know about the
country's economic system because again
the economic system is by Design
completely designed to be Pro black Pro
diversity and anti-white
American but uh I would point out that
that means six and 10 blacks are blaming
their own lack of success on other
people is it true I don't
care is it predictable that if that's
your mindset you're never going to catch
up yes yes so here's the thing that's
hard to understand is it true that
there's a legacy of systemic racism yeah
I would say so especially in the in the
school systems the school systems are so
completely biased against black
Americans it's it's the crime that's as
big as slavery practically I mean
nothing's as big as that but it's number
two that we we continue to under educate
one class of public now poor people in
general getting bad educations but yeah
I think there's there's a legitimate
claim about the education system and I
blame the um teachers unions for that
completely because they're the ones who
make it impossible to reform anything
but here's what I'd say and this is my
advice to black men and people
everywhere same advice to everybody if
you think your problems are caused by
the system you will never go anywhere
and don't complain to me about it I
don't want to hear
it if you believe that your success is
completely under your power but of
course there are obstacles in the world
you just have to overcome them then
you'll probably be
successful so one of the biggest crimes
is that somehow the Democrats have
convinced black people they can't
succeed in
America you tell me that's not the
biggest problem you've ever seen imagine
one group of people being told that
they're held back by the system even if
it's true now we're not arguing whether
it's true or false we're
arguing mindset if your mindset is that
you can't succeed because other people
are going to prevent you you're going to
fail
guaranteed you don't have a
chance so we have this situation where
the according to the poll uh Black
Americans have been brainwashed into
failure who did that do do you think a
republican did that I don't think so I
think zero Republicans are responsible
for this this the when you say six out
of 10 black Americans think the system
is preventing them from
success that sounds as bad to me as six
out of 10 black people got
cancer your whole life is up if
you get that mindset like
cancer like it's on that level of
Badness and Democrats did that to him I
don't think they did it to themselves I
think it was mostly white Democrats that
did this to a giant segment of the
population and and it's weird effect was
to make them more loyal to the people
who screwed them which is terrible and I
think that's why black men in particular
are abandoning it because I think
they're the first ones to call
on this and say maybe it's up to me you
know maybe I can make something out of
myself if I don't see the obstacles and
I see the opportunity
instead so once again I'm not saying
that there is no systemic racism I'm
saying that if you live your life like
that's the important thing you're going
to fail guaranteed and don't complain to
me when it
happens Supreme Court is uh ruling on
something about uh oh so there's a
question there's a Hawaii case where
Hawaii is going to trying to sue the big
oil companies for the damage of climate
change and there's some thought that the
Supreme Court might take that
case which would be
interesting because I don't know if this
is true but in order for the Supreme
Court to have an opinion on whether
climate change caused damages and the
and the fossil fuel people cause the
climate
change wouldn't they have to put climate
change itself on
trial wouldn't they have to acknowledge
that the climate models are true
enough that they can say that this
sequence of events is
legitimate now I think they probably
won't take this case but here's the
problem
how in the world could the Supreme Court
say that the climate models are valid if
anybody tried to argue it it would they
would lose immediately the reason that
you don't know climate models are not
valid is that you don't have people like
me telling you I mean not everybody has
somebody like me to explain how the scam
works you if you have enough models and
you keep throwing away the bad ones and
adding new ones it will look as if
models work that's our current
situation that that's the fast
explanation if you want to explain it to
other people they have hundreds of
models they keep throwing away the ones
that don't work next year they keep
adding and tweaking the existing models
so that they fit the past as they now
know it that guarantees that the models
are not
real a real model would be hey we had
this model that we made in the 70s and
it keeps nailing it if they had even one
model that had ever worked there would
be one
model did you hear that if there had
ever been even one model that worked for
let's say 20 years there would only be
one
model the reason there are hundreds is
to hide the fact that no model has ever
worked you get that right the only
reason there are hundreds is to hide the
fact that not one of them has ever
worked in a way that everybody else says
you know what why are we wasting time
making other models when we have this
good model
here and they've convinced you that you
can take the average of and
it'll tell you something useful no the
average of is
 you don't get anything except
 and of the average of
but they've you know it's like oh let's
do a meta
analysis which is not even real in in
terms of intellectual uh honesty it's
not real
anyway um Peter Navaro is in prison and
uh he has some way to communicate to
mors code or something but he's saying
he's in prison um and that the uh you
know that first step thing that
President Trump did apparently under the
Biden Administration it's not
working so the first step thing which
would allow people probably like him to
get out earlier it's it's not functional
so apparently the Biden Administration
broke it the one thing that that even
black people were saying that Trump got
right oh you definitely got that part
right thank you Biden reversed it now at
what point do black men
notice I think the point is now I think
black men have figured out that the
problem with the Democrats are batshit
preachy women because Carville told them
directly and it's obvious you see all
the smart people that move to one side
the smart men all the smart manner on
one side and how do you not notice that
after a
while how do you not notice
that all right ladies and
gentlemen um that completes my wonderful
Sunday presentation I'm going to talk to
the locals people privately because
they're awesome and I'll see you on
tomorrow morning same place same time um
I will just point out that uh there is
something different about my books which
if you haven't
noticed three of them that have
something in common so see if you can
guess what they have in common besides I
wrote them so had a failed almost
everything and still wouldn't big
reframe your
brain and then the new God's debris
Trilogy that's you know three pieces of
work in one here's something that they
all have in
common there are a lot of authors who
write not fiction books to say what's
wrong or what's right and even sometimes
they tell you what to do about
it what's different about my books is
that you'll actually do it because
they're written by hypnotist so I don't
give you any uh tips or advice without
making sure that I primed you to
actually do it and the priming you to do
it is probably just as important as the
is a good advice because there are lots
of books that are full of good stuff
that you never do anything with it so I
would argue and by the way you could you
could ask other people who have read my
books the thing I look for is is to
change your
behavior now the God's debris one is
more about changing your frame of
looking at reality which I think it does
permanently so keep that in mind um if
you're looking at some best-selling
business books ask yourself if they
would make you act differently or it's
just some information that was
interesting if it doesn't make you act
differently maybe it wasn't worth your
time for at least for non-fiction stuff
all right that ladies and gentlemen is
all I have thanks for joining YouTube
and Rumble and X I'm going to talk now
to the locals beautiful people as I like
to call them who are subscribers see you
tomorrow
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e for