wh hold
on we're almost ready for a show stream
on in here let me quickly check the
stock market just see if there are any
surprises okay that's looking good
that's looking good Tesla's down again
and videoid is up and then he is up all
right those look good let me call up my
comments and we'll give you the show
you've been
deserving the show you deserve not just
the one you
want all
right here it
comes
oh my device fell off it
stand come back here device get back
where I put you and stay it's the Golden
Age haven't you heard you can't be just
falling down on your
own good morning everybody and welcome
to the highlight of human
civilization it's called coffee with
Scott Adams and you've never had a
better time but if you'd like to take
your experience up to levels that nobody
can even understand with their tiny
shiny human brains all you need for that
is a cuper Mugger a glass of tanker
Chalin a Cen Jugger flask of vessel of
any kind fill it with your favorite
liquid I like coffee and join me now for
the unparallel pleasure the dopamine the
end of the day the thing that makes
everything better it's called the
simultaneous Sip and it happens now
go
delicious
unparalleled so good I can barely sit
sit still
well I'm going to make a prediction
about the drones we're not going to find
out about the
drones I I just feel that way and here's
why I feel it if you imagine all of the
reasons that they that the prior
Administration wouldn't have told us
about the
drones what would be an example of
something that would be
different if there's a Republican
president because whatever it is that's
making our government not want to talk
about it it wouldn't change under Trump
would it it do you think the problem was
that the aliens we've detected are
Democrats and then the Democrats are
like whoa whoa keep this under your hat
it turns out the aliens are on our side
they're Democrats no
no what could it be except there's some
risk to the country and whoever told
Biden there's a risk to the country is
going to tell Trump the same thing do
you think that Trump would feel safe you
know as as bravy as he is and as uh
let's say as out of the box as he is do
you think he would be safe feel safe
telling you something that his own
security people said whatever you do
don't tell him
this I don't think we're going to find
out so here's part of the reason so we
saw him when he was signing his
executive orders on on his first day
there uh he said to his his chief of
staff Susie Wilds can you find out about
those
drones how long would it take her to
find out about the
drones well maybe she couldn't find out
personally but certainly she could say
Mr President uh they'll give you a call
or they'll be in your office tomorrow
it'll only take 10 minutes and they'll
tell you what the Drone situation
is I don't think it's going to happen so
put down your markers we'll make it
we'll make a bet on this I say that will
either hear something that doesn't sound
right like oh it's just normal drones
and and then you'll say is it is it
really and you're not going to believe
it uh or it'll be something like uh
whoops turns out I can't tell you which
will scare the B Jesus out of you so I
don't think Trump can say after saying
he would reveal it I don't think he can
go back and say oh it's really dangerous
I can't tell you because then we're just
going to go crazy saying what do you
mean is it aliens is it Russia you got
to tell us so he can't scare us that
would just be a stupid mistake he's not
going to do that um but he probably
can't tell us so I think we're going to
get the in between answer like well you
know still looking into it blah blah a
big old
nothing but meanwhile the New Jersey
drones are back in force so the one
thing he can't tell us is that it
stopped whatever it is there's a lot of
it now and it's back to its original um
thing now remember when the New Jersey
drones were temporarily uh banned the
number of them went way down so the one
thing we do know is that the American
drone users who follow the law were part
of the massive drone
spoticast so there's still a mystery
there but a lot of them were just
hobbyist stuff it looks like meanwhile
Pete hegf gets some more 11th Hour
accusations so here's the weird thing
the accusations from I understand the
sister of his ex-wife saying that he
maybe laid hands on his wife his ex-wife
but the ex-wife says that didn't happen
or she's a little more vague about that
but she's she's essentially debunk
the claim but she's she's debunking it
in you know let's say in the least
revealing way basically she just doesn't
want to be involved and she says that
the accusations are
inaccurate now I have to
say um if you had to pick your own
ex-wife uh having an ex-wife that
supports you in this situation that's
pretty impressive and you know if you
share children I think they do right um
if you're thinking about the well-being
of the
children um any little thing that you
know maybe was a gray area or maybe went
too far during your marriage if it
doesn't bother you at this point and you
think your children will be much better
off if their father has you know the job
of all jobs I mean that's a hell of a
job he's up for right so I kind of like
the fact that she's just loyal even as
an ex-wife because she's being loyal to
her children primarily now that's my
take without without having any inside
knowledge or anything that's happening
but U the only thing I'm going to take
away from this is I'm impressed I'm
impressed by the
ex-wife that's
all um anything else I don't know about
it and if she's okay with it I'm okay
with it that's her
decision uh you might know by now that
Ross alrick got pardoned the founder of
the Silk Road he went to jail in 2015 on
drug trafficking conspiracy to commit
money laundering and computer hacking he
was also allegedly involved in some
murder plots but nobody got murdered I
guess those it looks like those charges
never became part of the
sentencing and but anyway just for the
charges he was charged with he got two
life sentences plus 40
years I've never even heard of anybody
getting a charge that that big now you
know my history I lost my stepson to a
fenel overdose so I was never big on
releasing him and people would bother me
all the time release him release him
it's really just about freedom and
people would take the drugs or you know
it's up to them and you
know I wasn't on board because I had a
personal connection and you there was no
part of there was no part of my logical
mind that was operating and I don't
apologize for that trust me if you lose
a
child you I'm not going to ask you to be
logical and don't ask me to be logical
about it so um but in the end I was
swayed by the fact that there's
something wrong with the case now I
still don't know all the details but how
in the world do those charges get you
two life sentences plus 40 years when
violent people on who are attacking
people and being released almost
immediately so so Trump said something
that maybe he knows more than I do on
this he said quote the scum that worked
to convict him were some of the same
lunatics who were involved in the
modern-day weaponization of government
against me he was given two life
censuses plus 40 years does Trump know
something about this case that we don't
know is he simply looking at the players
and as soon as he saw the players he
said oh this is
crooked is that enough is it enough just
to know who sent them to
jail because I got all kinds of
questions about the real
story I I can say with some certainty
there's more to this than we
know uh what I hope what I hope is that
Trump knows everything that needs to be
known about this story and that his
decision is consistent with him knowing
more than we do that's what I hope
however um I'm going to make it large
your opinion on
pardons we can argue all day whether
Biden's pardons were appropriate and
blah blah blah and they can argue all
day whether the January 5th and the Ross
SBR and some other pardons are okay or
not but why are we arguing them why why
would we have that conversation at all
the whole point of a pardon is pardoning
people who are guilty usually or even
presumed guilty as in the case of some
of the preemptive ones
[Music]
um but you either but you either give a
president that power or you don't so
here's my my larger take if there were
no such thing as
pardons well then we should discuss
about how a president should handle it
but if the rule is that any president
can give any pardon and it's it's a
permanent
pardon then you have to live with the
fact that you're not going to like him
so if somebody does something with a
pardon that you don't like I just don't
know what's the point of talking about
it I I feel like we give this power to
presidents with the full knowledge it
will be abused wouldn't you agree we
give this power to presidents with the
full eyes open every single person knows
they're going to abuse it because that's
it's like a superpower of course they're
going to abuse it because there's no
risk so if you want presidents to have
the ability to sometimes free a good guy
and some of you think that Ross would be
in that category I think that's
debatable but if you want them to have
that power at all you just have to suck
it up and you're going to have to just
take all the ones you hate and just live
with it and just move on so I'm in more
the live with it move on category about
all these things but when it comes to
the J
Sixers uh as the post-millennial
millennial is reporting and give me a
fact check if this hasn't changed in the
last couple hours but the DC jail or
prison whatever is the right word for
that uh did not release the people who
were
pardoned so some of the other prisons
did but the DC one
didn't
now yeah I understood I could kind of
understood if it didn't happen the first
night because you know it's MLK Day
vacations there's probably a process you
can't really skip the process because
they're bureaucrats so I understand why
there was one extra night as horrible as
it is you you could explain it away with
just inefficiency ah they just didn't
have enough people but a second night a
second night no a second night you send
in you send in the law enforcement and
you arrest the the uh the management of
the jail I I think you arrest them
and indeed I would free the prisoners
and just slap them in the jails that are
open of course you can't do that but it
sounds funny when I say it um I don't
think you mess around with this if you
let them get away with this even one
more
day I'm not going to be happy it you
know if you let them just override your
presidential
pardon um no thank
you so I think they need to have see
some arrests uh literally I want to see
arrests in DC DC jail management unless
there's some part of the story that I'm
missing again you know you have to be
careful about the fog of War Stories it
could be there's some fact that's
different about
DC hard to imagine though so I think I'd
like to see some arrests
today do you ever say to yourself I'm
just one person I can't change anything
important
a lot of people say that but I've told
you other times one person could really
change a lot here's an example one of
the best you'll ever
see so Mike
Ben um thanks to the fact that X is a
free speech platform uh so Elon Musk
gets the uh gets the first credit for
making it possible but if you're not
following Mike Ben where he's outline
outlined in complete detail with you
know new ous just lots of different
videos and uh he's got a Subs
subscription site and he's posting all
the time but I would say he
alone has completely mapped the the
mechanism by which Democrats were
censoring and the way they were doing it
is they were funding funding
non-government groups in large numbers
and those groups would act like they
were independent groups and and they
would get their they would get their
censorship indirectly
so the government can't censor you but
apparently there was nothing stopping
them from paying somebody who was not in
the government to come censor you or try
so um thanks to Trump and his executive
order uh the executive order banned
every agency in the US federal
government from Outsourcing censorship
work to third-party
groups that as far as I can tell is 100%
because of one person
Mike Benz Ju Just hold this in your head
for a
moment you might have just gotten Free
Speech back because this was the entire
censorship you know network of just evil
that was so distributed so hard to find
so hard to understand that it was safe
but not against one of the sharpest
persons I've ever seen in public life if
you haven't watched Mike Ben put
together the names and the organizations
and find who knows who who hired who who
works where who used to work in the
Obama White House who used to work if
you don't know that stuff then just
knowing that organizations exist doesn't
help you at all you you have to have his
filter on it and then everything comes
visible there's no
way that Trump would have been
comfortable signing that executive order
without Mike benz's
work and again could Mike Benz have done
what he did if Elon Musk had not done
what he did the answer is no I think
that only acts allowed him to do what he
did Ben so every time you say to
yourself one person can't change
anything you you just see so many
examples where they are you know you've
seen Robbie Starbuck working on Dei he's
actually getting companies to change
you've seen Christopher rufo working on
Dei huge impact you know very specific
measurable results uh you've seen Scott
presler Scott Pressler change a whole
state right so I would go I would go
beyond my point that I think is good
which is we do live in an age where one
person can change the
world in the Trump
World it's the way it usually
happens you can almost point to one
person for every executive order there
was one person who was like the the
person who took the arrows and trust me
being the one person who pushes any one
topic it's not safe it's not fun and
you're going to get you're going to get
slaughtered and you're going to get
cancelled and it's going to
hurt but if you think it's important you
might do it anyway and that's that's the
sort of culture that Trump has
somewhat accidentally
nurtured it's a culture of people who um
quite consciously risk their lives and
their
careers to take down one part of the
evil and you've seen me do it I mean
you've seen me say all right I'm just
going to die in this hill and but I'm
but we're not going to let the hill
stand you know the hill is going to kill
me or I'm going to kill the hill you've
seen me do it and you've seen that one
person can make a difference but my God
the Mike Ben success this is one of the
most impressive
personal accomplishments I've ever seen
but we're going to steal it from him
because it's a personal accomplishment
of tremendous skill and dedication and
energy and just doing everything right
and he's got a a skill stack that's
crazy um but this is part of the new
gold an age where you can be an
individual who says I'm I'm just going
to I'm just going to take this hill and
if I take it I can hand it off to Trump
so Benz just took the hill I've never
seen so much work you know good
productive OnPoint work he took the hill
he handed it to Trump then Trump
just he just owned it
incredible in other news John Bolton got
stripped of uh
not only is security clearance um for
being a prominent anti- Trumper who used
to work for
Trump but he is also stripped of his
secret service detail now the question
this is reported Breitbart by Lizabeth
Weeble here's my
question how many people in the US
government have Secret Service
protection that is out of the norm so
it's normal for presidents and vice
presidents and ex-presidents but how
many people who are not one of those you
know presidents or ex-presidents or
xvps9oygjiy
I didn't follow him too closely but I
think it's something like that um
however so so I'm going to give you my
first impression and then my second one
my first impression was this isn't cool
if he has Secret
Service that even Biden said yeah this
is worth paying
for uh you have to take that pretty
seriously so let me say that if you know
if something happened to Balton and it
was because he lost his secret service
detail um I'm going to call this an
error by
Trump there's no way I'm going to be
happy about that right that would be a
pure error if something happens to
Bolton because Trump treated him like a
political enemy not cool and and I want
to and I want to make sure that I'm
establishing a standard going forward
you know with with great power comes
great
responsibility Trump has acquired great
power
but with a great
responsibility we as the voters who have
supported him are part of that great
power structure and we also have great
responsibility to to control it now I
don't mean controlling Trump that's
impossible but I do mean that if any
lines are crossed that would violate
what Trump supporters think is a
reasonable human Common Sense line we
need to be loud about that because
otherwise you become a
Democrat if you just put up with
Ridiculousness and and bad
performance I'd call you a Democrat
basically so you know if if the
Republicans are the the team of
meritocracy and not the team of you know
pettiness and
Ridiculousness then you got to act like
it you know as a supporter you got to
make sure now the beauty of the system
the way Trump has it set up is he reads
the room so
consistently that if he did something
that his base just
went that's a little too far I think
he'd
adjust and so I think that that is a
very productive Power Balance that he
needs he needs it it's good for him it's
good for the country and it's good for
you so it's a little bit you know tough
love in both directions and that's a
really good place to be that said so so
I'm not I'm not on board with putting
Bolton at extra risk if that's what
happened however here's the
Counterpoint by taking away his um his
security clearance and also by
essentially Banning him forever from the
from Republican politics I don't I don't
think he's coming
back if you were a foreign adversary
would you take the chance of putting a
hit on Balton
because Trump just took him off the
field if what they wanted is his voice
would not be influential well that he
got it so Iran Iran might have been
looking at this say ah we got to get
this guy he's going to be the one who
advises they bomb
us but then Trump takes him off the
field what's Iran going to do kill him
anyway why why would they take the that
would be an existential risk for Iran
right I mean they they would be risking
their own lives to remove one
mustachioed guy that's not really
relevant to any policy why would they do
that you know I always tell you that as
crazy as Iran seems at least in some of
the religious extremism they're not
they're not um crazy in in the regular
way right they're very very logical in
the government you know defense mode you
we just don't like it but they're very
logical
so it could be that the Trump
Administration said look we looked at
this we think if we take you off the
field I mean you could imagine this
would be the inner thoughts not the
external thoughts uh we don't really see
a risk because everybody would ask for
well not everybody but don't you imagine
it's not that unusual for people to ask
for Secret Service protection if they
work in the government you know you get
a couple of anonymous threats you've got
a family you kind of going to want us
Secret Service protection and sometimes
it makes sense Oliver north for example
probably made
sense or at least made sense that he had
some extra
protection so I would love to know how
many people get this sort of Extra
Protection I think fouchy add it for a
while uh meanwhile in the land of
evil uh according to the Gateway pundit
Christina Leela is writing that uh
there's a Soros backed District to
attorney Larry Kesner he's Philadelphia
right he's uh threatening to figure out
some way to cancel the J the Jan 6
pardons by Trump and try to figure out
some State related because he's State
he's not federal trying to figure out
some State related way to put him back
in jail now what would be the intention
behind
that like why why would you put time and
effort into reversing
pardons no matter what you thought of
the January 6 people remember it's a
pardon it's a pardon we don't get a vote
you're supposed to not like it that
that's what the pardons are it's a bunch
of stuff that you and I don't like but
we've decided that our President should
have that power even with the overuse
overuse is guaranteed it's guaranteed
and we've taken that deal so it's like
reneging on the deal
if you say there's a pardon you don't
like our deal is that we give you that
power and we know you're going to abuse
it we know it so just shut up with the
abuse that that's more like I'm not
telling you to shut up I'm just saying
that doesn't makees sense for me to talk
about it anyway can you think of any
reason that Larry Kesner would even be
looking at putting them back in jail or
reversing the pardons or using State
charges to get at them anyway what what
reason would that be other than
evil I can't think of one is it to make
the country a better place God no is it
to help the Democrats in the next
election you can't do it that
way but you know if people do things
that are
selfish I say to myself all right that's
our system we we all get to be selfish
but if the system works you know that's
just democracy it's just capitalism so
selfish is fine but he doesn't even have
have a selfish motive there's not even a
selfish motive unless he's being you
know paid which would be pretty bad so
it looks like evil to
me if there's another explanation glad
to hear
it well Tom homman reports um you know
as the borders are that getting rid of
that cbp1 app um has made a big
difference already because I guess
that's what allowed people to say that
they're just here for a and sign up
without talking to any people I guess um
but the number of uh releases and total
apprehensions at the border have dropped
to
766 uh and that's compared to under
Biden there were 10 to 12,000 per
day so 766 is still a lot but it's not
12,000 a
day so uh that's already
progress so jump had
a had a press conference with Larry
ellon and Sam Alman and uh Messi mess
massios son I never get his first name
right the soft Bank
Creator um
founder and but Larry olsson's uh made
the news twice once for what he said at
that event but separately he's on video
saying that uh citizens will be on their
best beh Behavior with an AI
surveillance system so he's talking
about the fact that you know there
cameras everywhere and you know that's
not going to stop um but he thinks that
the camera will be monitored by Ai and
then the AI will spot any problems and
alert a
human now if you're normal you're saying
to yourself what we don't want no big
brother watching everything we do and
judging us and I agree you don't want
Big Brother watching everything you do
and judging you um so I'm I'm on board
but here's my second statement about it
you can't you can't change it there's
just nothing you could do to change this
trend I wish there were you know it like
I'm the one who says that one person can
change the world I I wouldn't even take
a run at this because when the
technology can do something it
doesn't you just can't put the
toothpaste back in the tube the
technology is out there if you have ai
and you have video no nobody can stop
you from using the AI on the video to to
process it and nobody can stop that AI
from contacting authorities if it thinks
it se's a crime so we could all be mad
at it we could hate
it but it's going to happen I don't see
any way to stop it really um so I'm not
for it or against it it's just it's like
it's like rain you know you can be
against rain but it's still going to
rain I will just tell you that in the
'90s I wrote a book called The dilber of
future with a bunch of predictions of
the future one of my predictions was
that uh remember this is in the 90s one
of my predictions was that the cost of
video security cameras would
drop and it would drop to the point
where there would be basically cameras
in every public place but also every
private
space
now that's almost true because your
phone has a camera and if somebody
really wanted to they could turn it on
you know spies could do it
um and there there are a lot of digital
devices such as your Amazon Digital
device that could in theory listen to
you your phone could in theory listen to
you if law enforcement or somebody had a
you know court ordered to do that I
suppose so we are at a point where
both your public and your private
interactions are largely monitored by
digital devices only if the court has a
as a
reason and and if somebody accuses you
of something the core has access to
every digital everything there there's
no limit right if they could find
something by telling Amazon you got to
give us access they would do it because
that's how it works so uh I think we're
going to get close
whether you like it or not to every
crime being
solved because it would just be
impossible everything will be digital so
you can track every action back we'll
know where anybody is because their
phone is with them we'll know what they
said and what it looked like for almost
everything you know so uh none of this
is
good it's probably inevitable though
that's that's the bad news if you can
stop it go ahead
I'm all with you if you can figure out
how to stop it but you can't really stop
technology it's not really a thing in
the in
America well I continue to watch the uh
Republicans and Trump in particular
focus on policy policy policy how much
did Trump focus on policy 200 executive
orders I don't know if you heard 200
every one of the 200 executive orders I
think you would call policy
Am I Wrong policy time 200 so so Trump
gave you policy time 200 on day
one policy times 200 on day one and
that's just the stuff we know about
think about all the orders he gave that
weren't executive orders did a lot got a
lot of policy
done let's check in with the Democrats
whose entire uh party tent has collapsed
and they're in ruin and uh wandering
around with like chickens without their
heads as they like to say as people like
to say so here are the things they're
talking about they're mad about the
pardons for
76ers okay that's not a policy question
because presidents can
pardon uh they talk about heth's
personal life okay not really the most
important thing going because it doesn't
even have they're not even confirmed
allegations they talk about Elon Musk
raising his arm above his waist that was
almost the headline news and all the all
the Democrat news stations wanted to
talk about Elon musk's arm well I know
it looks like a a Roman salute kind of a
dictator is well no it's sort of H
Hitler but touching the heart wait a
minute I'll find a video of one of the
proud boys doing that and then we can
prove that is really racism and it's
just stupid it's all just stupid and and
we mock it and it's funny but it's
certainly not policy they talk about
Trump's evil and his wrongness that's
actually a quote from MSNBC I forget the
guy who's got who looks like a
uh what you call it uh dandelion you
know when a
dandelion uh goes old it's just got this
big poof of you know white dandelion
stuff on the top it so it's the guy who
looks like the dandelion
he's like oh Trump's evil and his
wrongness do you have any examples of
his evil and his wrongness then they
they complain about crowd size and maybe
that's the reason that Trump moved it in
yeah crowd size let's talk about that
let's talk about melania's hat yeah the
Hat I think the Hat indicated some evil
the Hat oh this is way more important
than elon's arm so elon's arm and
melania's hat are were the two top top
topics of the
Democrats
again day one
Trump policy times
200 200 policy things uh they also
worried about everything is racist and
and Trump's being a dictator on day
one and
uh they never
learn I I I think the thing that
uh would have to Sting the most if
you're a Democrat and you're trying to
reassemble and you're trying to figure
it out is you can't
learn it's one thing to be
wrong it's really a deeper problem if
you don't learn from
it would you agree that Trump seems to
have made adjustments that made his his
current run uh a much cleaner Affair
than the first one I would say yes I
would say even when as said yeah maybe
we've all
changed but the Democrats don't seem to
be able to debate policy at all they
just say you're
mean
um
amazing there's a report uh the Gateway
pundit Christina Lela is reporting about
Jake Sullivan of the Biden
Administration allegedly I'm going to
put allegedly on this one because if I'm
not in the room I'm not sure who said
anything to anybody but alleged
Jake suin told the NSC staffers the
holdovers from you know the people who
were hired by a previous administration
but keep their jobs if it's lower level
jobs they don't have to fire them all um
but he's asking them to uh spy on and
sabotage Trump now again I wasn't in the
room when any of this allegedly happened
so I don't know if that's a accurate
characterization of what he said so I'm
going to put a fog of War warning on
this one this this could turn out to be
not
exactly um what he said but there are
reports so investigative reporter Paul
sper I think is the one who's got the
scoop on this and uh yeah he says he
wants Jake Sullivan wants the underlings
uh to basically thwart him uh like uh
some underlings did on the first
term all right so does that sound right
does that sound true to you that the
Biden Administration literally is asking
people to sabotage Trump from
within it does do you know why it sounds
real to
me because it's not
policy if you told me that Jake Sullivan
had some good policy ideas and he shared
it with the staff I would have said I
don't think so come on you know good try
good try
yeah he's talking about policy but you
tell me that that one of the Biden
Administration did something destructive
anti-American treasonous and weasly I
would say all right probably yeah I mean
not 100% you know I wasn't there so
Anonymous reports Anonymous reports are
not terribly
reliable but it's certainly within the
realm of things I could
believe not policy
though well Trump and Dei is going just
the way we want um so Trump has put out
an order that you better not be hiding
the Dei in other functions and he he
gave the uh gave the warning to
universities and colleges as well as the
government you know don't just change
the name and keep doing what you're
doing Dei is gone
but um
how much trouble would you get into I
mean you're saying that if you try to
hide it and you keep doing it you're
you're going to pay a price getting
fired ice spoofs would be the price but
uh at the same time he did an order
getting rid of affirmative
action as the rule of the or I guess the
law of the land affirmative action so
affirmative action of course is the
precursor to Dei but it was the less
harmful version uh affirmative action is
what cost me my job in banking it's what
cost me my job in
telecommunications it's what cost me my
time slot for the Dilbert TV show
and um it hasn't been a good friend to
me so since my
20s uh I've been victimized by
affirmative action and that's not a
whine that's just an objective statement
and at least 80 million white men will
tell you the same thing we all have the
same story by the way all of us have the
same story there's probably 80 million
of us if you say to me and people have
oh Scott prove it you know let me show
give me some evidence that you really
were you know hurt by your affirmative
action I don't have to you could
literally walk out on the street if you
see a a white man walking toward you
who's 50 years older or older and he's
white tap him on the children and say I
got this question for you do you know
anybody or have you ever been affected
by affirmative action the answer is
going to be yes anybody you pick
literally anybody so you don't I don't
need to prove anything to you just walk
in the street find anybody over 50 who's
white they all have the same story the
fact that you didn't know the story well
that's on you that's on you because the
reason they don't tell the story is
because it's dangerous same reason I
didn't do it until I wasn't worried
about getting canceled then I got
canceled so once you stop worrying about
getting canceled you're probably going
to get
canceled
so so anyway I am super happy at the
Trump Administration for getting rid of
racial
discrimination
um and
uh yeah this is amazing Christopher rufo
reporting on the uh Trump getting rid of
um Lyndon Johnson's affirmative
action now I don't know how many of
these Trump EOS are going to hold up
because I just don't know that these are
things that always work as an executive
order but we'll find out meanwhile over
at uh Cisco the CEO of Cisco says um he
said quote but the core reasons that you
have a diverse Works Workforce are still
there from a business perspective so he
was trying to defend
the use of Dei and that was his defense
let me defense let me read it again so
you can see the
reasoning the core reasons that you have
a diverse Workforce are still there from
a business
perspective now I agree with the general
statement that diversity could add value
to your company could do it a number of
ways one way would be everybody would
feel like you know they're closer to
what the public is you know always have
somebody who understands that segment of
the public maybe you get a variety of
ideas but none of it works unless you
all got there by
Merit it if you've got diversity based
on you know we hired you because you're
diverse that's not a strength that's all
negative that's just all negative so if
a CEO
says the core reason for a diverse
Workforce are still there from a
business perspective I think you need to
list the
reasons it it's an argument without
reasons and they never give the reasons
do they have you noticed that people
will say diversities our
strength and then and then before they
run away you're like well oh you
strength in what way I can think I can
think of some arguments on my own but
what are you thinking like what is the
strength and they're like run away
nobody can answer that question I mean I
I'm opposed to Dei and I think I have
the best argument for the power of
diversity again gives you a little more
insight into the market it only works
though if all the diversity got there as
a secondary accidental effect of just
hiring good people if you have good
people diversity is um could be an asset
very that's a strong argument if they
didn't get there by Merit it's just all
bad that's my take so I need to see to
explain to
me you know what what do you think is
the the
advantage again uh he could have an
argument but I think it's incumbent upon
him to give it to
us meanwhile India uh says it'll take
back 18,000
um illegal immigrants let's call them
under the Trump era uh the daily wire is
reporting on this now the actual number
of um indian born
migrants or immigrants or illegals
whatever the new term is going to be
lately um is probably a lot more than
18,000 but here's what I love about this
the US ask them to take back
18,000 and India says
yes that's how that should
work that's exactly how that should work
you know uh I'm so pro- India that I
know some of you don't like it I'm very
Pro India um as an ally and you know
just as a group of people who who are
unusually beneficial to the United
States um very pro- India but when India
just does little smart things like oh
take back 18,000 imates well we don't
love it but we'd like to have a good
relationship with the United States we
help you you help us that's what allies
do sure we'll take back the 18,000 I
love that I just love that without the
push back and the and the you
know trying to score a point how about
just yes sometimes just yes sometimes
that like my respect for India just goes
whoop you right up it's like okay
treating us treating us like uh peers
which you
should um Trump has threatened the
bricks Nations so if you're not up to
date on what the bricks is that's the uh
I don't know if it's a loose Association
or a strong Association that has Brazil
Russia India China South
Africa um includes Iran and Saudi Arabia
and UAE and Argentina and Egypt and
Ethiopia so what that group is trying to
do is get away from the dollar as their
main currency and have some kind of some
kind of currency of their own which
would be bad for the dollar and bad for
the United States in ways that would
take longer to explain uh but I think
we're on the same page
right I I think everybody
agrees that having other countries
being I hate to say forced but that's
what it is forced to use the US dollar
gives us some advantages as a country U
and they're big ones so Trump basically
just threatened them and said they're
going to get a 100% tariff if they try
to replace the US dollar now
uh should we be threatening other
countries in their own decisions about
you know what kind of money they use
it's pretty gutsy on the other
hand tariffs are always part of normal
business and tariffs are part of normal
negotiations and and Trump is saying
exactly what he wants and how he wants
it and when he wants it like right now
stop doing this and he he put a price on
it all right the price is 100% tariff or
at least they think that's the risk
so I kind of love this because I see it
not not so much as is you know legal
right to do anything like this but it's
not illegal to say we won't have it and
there will be a price to pay so he's
definitely using the uh Power of the US
and he's wielding it in a very clean way
it's very clean so I could find a 100
ways to dislike
this if it were
unclear but there's something about the
clarity of it and how obviously
pro-american it is that just makes me
say you
know it feels like an over like an
overreach we shouldn't be getting in
their business in that exact way but we
can and if we do it clearly and it helps
the United States stay strong you could
make an argument that everybody's better
off well
not
everybody but a strong America isn't the
worst thing for the world so it's not
like you one one One Direction is
evil well uh Trump is uh also threatened
to increase Canada's tariffs by
25% uh we assume that that's a
negotiating first position doesn't mean
it will uh be the permanent situation so
I don't know exactly what he wants but I
know he wants a he wants better deal and
he wants the border to be closed and he
may he may want more than that but uh
good beginning
negotiating practice you know Trump's
tariff threats are much stronger because
he he created the external Revenue
Service recently saying they we're going
to start making money from tariffs and
various external sources the fact that
he created it
all gives a lot of credibility to that
he would use it as a
weapon and now people can negotiate
knowing he's going to use it if you
didn't know for sure he was going to
tarff you and you thought that was a
bluff you might treat it like a bluff
but once he's created an entire
department to take your money it's hard
to see it as a bluff anymore isn't it he
created a department to take your money
that's the name of the department he
named it take your money
almost so that's a good play um very
good play negotiation wise the people
who are going to say but Scott don't you
know that the company that pays it is
the American company not the Chinese
company
well if it works as negotiation it
works so that's the important
part uh the Wall Street Journal
editorial board does not think that
Trump has the authority to keep Tik Tock
alive
because the rules about how they could
extend their their life were were
written by Congress and Congress had you
have to meet these specific requirements
of being in the works of a serious deal
and then you can extend it we don't have
in the works any kind of serious deal
there's some indication of interest and
stuff but they're not working they're
not negotiating seriously
so technically Trump does not have the
author
as far as I can tell just as a citizen
it doesn't look like it to extend it but
here's the
problem it's complete common
sense so the the power of this Common
Sense thing it it's going to be hard to
estimate how powerful this is because if
you said to me Trump wants to you know
create 75 more days that he's not
allowed to create so that a good deal
can reached that would be good for the
the owners of bit dance good for the
United States and good for our public
that's what Trump's trying to do doesn't
mean it will happen but isn't it common
sense that if we're close enough it
looks like a deal could be made that
delaying 75 days even if you don't have
that
Authority isn't it still just common
sense I I think it's common sense and if
he went back to Congress and said oh
let's waste your time to alter the law
so that I can give it 75 days it would
just be a huge waste of money in time so
here's the thing that I think is going
to be fun to watch when Trump orders
something he does not have Authority for
and I think this is one but is so
clearly and unambiguously good for
everybody it's just common sense who's
going to fight it are the Democrats
going to fight it because they can
are the Democrats going to fight to keep
ticktock banned they can't fight that
the Democrats can't take the other side
because they want their public to get
ticktock too so Trump is finding himself
in this weird little situation where he
can publicly overtly and obviously
ignore the law in a very just a tactical
way it's not really an important
important point it's just a little
technical thing but because the common
sense argument is just
overwhelming all you get I think is the
editorial board warning
you that this is a little bit over the
line remember what I told you before
with great responsibility or with great
power comes great responsibility this is
a good job by the Wall Street editorial
board it's a good job because what I
want to see when Trump goes a little
extra e even if it's completely
completely Satisfied by an appeal to
Common Sense which this is I want
somebody in the press to say just so you
know this is going over the line it's
not a line that I respect I I like the
common sense more than some technical
bureaucratic so I'm real happy
about it but I like I like the fact the
Wall Street Journal says now let's be
clear right about this just just know
what's
happening if this worries you now you
understand it that's all good Golden
Age all right I don't know if that deal
will get done we'll
see
maybe
um so apparently the European Union has
some AI rules that they put in
place um and I saw some opinions on this
by a gentleman on X named o Layman I
think he's a German so he had some
insight in this and he said uh EU just
passed the world's first comprehensive
AI
regulation and it creates a massive new
oversight office it has fines up to 35
million or 7% of your Global revenues oh
my
God that's a pretty big fine 7% of your
Global
revenues imagine if you're open AI or
something you're one of the biggest ones
that's a
lot um so this it also includes just for
the European Union mandatory human o
oversight for basic AI
tasks
what mandatory human oversight for basic
AI
tasks
what do I even need to talk about that
if a human has to overlook and check
everything the AI does how can the AI
ever replace a job or I
mean that's pretty heavy uh training
data disclosures so I guess we'd have to
know what the AI trained on I know I
hate that uh multiple certifications and
regular audits this will drive the AI
companies crazy continuous monitoring
and risk assessments drive them crazy
generative AI without extensive content
filtering is
banned what would be enough extensive
content filtering all right AI powered
hiring without human oversight is
illegal in the EU EU you can't use the
AI to hire
somebody unless the human makes the
decision um which is the nor you know
that's the current situation but
wouldn't you like to have the option I
mean just to test it out to have the
have the AI hirees some people I would I
mean I don't think you would use it that
often but why not make it available I
don't know not Europe um educational AI
without te you can't have an educational
AI unless the teacher is
supervising so all the benefits of some
kind of a you know virtual AI teaching
would be lost if the teacher has to be
standing in the room watching it while
you watch it
wow uh most medical AI applications
would be
banned to protect doctors
I guess and real-time facial recognition
would be banned
now think about all those
restrictions now here's a
quiz how many of the top AI companies uh
were founded and uh and uh nurtured in
Europe none none because if you're if
you're an entrepreneur and you've got
the skills to create an AI company first
thing you're going to do is move out of
Europe because because of this so Europe
basically just took them out of the game
for the only way a country is going to
be able to survive in the future and
they just took themselves out of the
game it's
basically
suicide if if they if they say you can't
use AI the way it was meant to be used
you know in its ultimate form if you're
not allowed to use it in Europe that
sounds good to dumb people
but if you if you wind that tape forward
a little bit I don't think there's any
question what happens Europe just
fails and how did they not know that is
this an American versus European thing
that the Americans just sort of
intuitively know that you're going to
have to remove
regulations to succeed at
anything I don't know maybe the
Europeans know it but they don't care so
yeah it looks like uh European Union has
its own
civilization death
sentence we'll see uh tuer Caron had
Eric Adams mayor Adams of New York City
on Tucker show and uh you know I
Tucker's take was that uh mayor Adams is
being law fired and that the charges
against them were technically true but
so weak that you wouldn't really expect
anybody to be prosecuted for it there's
no victims
zero victims uh no sign of really any
bribery of consequence I I think it came
down to he helps he helped the Turkish
government see if their Embassy would be
fire fire code um ready without a long
delay now I have literally used my
government for that service I have
literally contacted you know many years
ago contacted a senator the sitting
Senator my Senator at the time and said
there's a thing that's being delayed I
won't be more specific but there was
something in the bowels of the
government being delayed that made a big
difference to a lot of people and I
contacted my Senator and said can you
look into this because I don't think
there's any good reason this is being
delayed and the senator looked into it
it was Pete Wilson by the way Senator
Pete Wilson and his staff or his staff
did his staff contacted me immediately
said they got the letter and that
they're going to check with the agency
that I had a problem with and almost
immediately the
agency um acted and so something that
people had been waiting for a year came
online because I asked the senator the
senator asked and then was a higher
priority
so I don't have any problem if the
Turkish government which is spending
money in New York City to put their
Embassy and we'll spend a lot more money
in New York City uh to you know have
this place to have relations with the
United States if they say hey your red
tape is holding us up can you take a
look at that and then he tookes takes a
look at it and maybe it did make it
happen a little sooner and then he got
repaid by they upgraded his flights to
First Class the most common thing that
would happen to a high level politician
is having a flight
upgraded it's so routine that the
airlines do it now in this case it might
have been you got a Little Help from
Turkish government now is that
technically illegal well the people
charging him seem to think so is there
something you care about do you do you
care that he did something normal which
is check on some red tape for somebody
who spends a lot of money in New York
City as long as they're spending a lot
of money in his City and they ask him to
look into the red tape I don't have a
problem with that and if if they repaid
him by upgrading his seats I don't have
a problem with that either no problem at
all technically illegal I don't know I'm
no expert maybe but it doesn't seem like
something you would prosecute somebody
for so there does seem to be a lawfare
element to the Eric Adams thing but
we'll see you know we don't know all the
details there might be more to
it um you all know the story of that the
trumps were at the National Prayer
service
yesterday and I guess the bishop was a
woman who's very woke
and uh sort of tried to embarrass the
trumps by saying things about
immigration empathy Etc that were really
on a place for the for the uh prayers
National Prayer Service uh but Trump
didn't take that well and uh he called
around so what did he say uh
and Jew socially said she was nasty in
tone and not compelling or
smart this is a bishop so this is a
bishop he's talking about she was nasty
in tone and not compelling or
smart he said the service was boring and
uninspiring and he demands an
[Laughter]
apology he demands an
apology so good
um
yeah that that's that's the guy we uh
that's the guy we voted
in you know I don't think it was
important for him to push back but the
fact that he always pushes back I do
appreciate that I do appreciate he
doesn't give anybody a free pass and
that is part of his magic that nobody
gets a free
pass anyway more about that Trump press
conference where Larry Ellison and Sam
Alman were there and um the big news was
that
uh uh let me get his name right uh May
mayosi
son yeah you'll correct me in the
comments uh but uh the founder of soft
Bank when he was here not long ago just
very recently he said he was going to
put a 100 billion into the AI
infrastructure structure in the United
States uh and then Trump jokingly in
public said you know 200 billion 200
billion be even better and uh and the
the SoftBank guy you know laughed it off
but you could tell he was sort of
thinking about it and then he comes back
and he said uh I already committed a 100
you asked me for 200 I came back today
500 you committed $500 billion
um for this project that will build what
uh I think Ellison calls the biggest
computer in the world so essentially a a
a data center but with the right boards
and chips and whatnot it becomes one big
computer for
AI
um and uh some of the things that they
were talking about so Larry ellon it's
the Stargate project is what it's called
the largest computer ever built and he
talked about using the AI to create
wait for it using the AI to
create wait for
it mRNA cancer
vaccines now as he explained it the idea
would be that uh AI can first of all
identify cancer when before there are
symptoms so he says the AI can see the
markers in the blood where other tests
maybe would not so the AI can first of
all determine it early that's good and
then the AI can determine exactly what
treatment would work for exactly you for
that exact tumor or cancer and then they
would in 48 hours they would whip
together a vaccine that would be I guess
on this mRNA
platform that you love so much and that
it would deliver a uh very spefic
specific you know kill shot to your
cancer basically a cure for cancer um
Mike cernovich saw that and had a
one-word answer
no I believe that no is because of the
MRNA part and because of our Pand
pandemic experience but I got a
question who says no to a vaccination if
the alternative is you're
dead because
it's not like you have other
Alternatives if if they find a way to
cure incurable cancers with down side
effects because remember the side
effects would be presumably nil except
for whatever you think about the MRNA
um so if somebody said you have cancer
and there's nothing we can do about it
except these mRNA shots and by the way
uh there's plenty of evidence that they
completely cure cancer now I'm not
saying they do
I'm I'm speculating about a future
situation so if AI really could do
this would you not take the MRNA
vaccination if you knew it cured cancer
but you were worried about the MRNA
itself being a risk to you later you
wouldn't would you take the shot how
many of you would not take the shot to
save your life if you knew it would save
your life because you wouldn't want the
MRNA in
you who who would take that
Choice cuz I'd be taking the vaccine all
day long if it if the only alternative
was
dying I'd figure well if I get side
effects from the shot it was a
reasonable reasonable uh
risk but the developer of the MRNA
platform uh is not so happy about this
and he says uh these people meaning the
tech heads you know the alman's and the
Larry Elson he said these people have no
idea how complicated the immune system
is and they have no understanding of the
difficulties facing predictive
computational immunology and they have
no understanding of cancer Immunology
this is marketing propaganda and
hype could be entirely
right I mean after all he knows more
about mRNA and immune system than any of
the people talking about it but I'm G to
give the Counterpoint to that all that
stuff that nobody understands which I
agree you know it's too complicated for
humans to understand that's really the
point of
AI the AI is the thing that it's all its
purpose in this case is to penetrate the
complexity and look for the patterns so
if it can't penetrate the complexity and
look for the patterns yeah of course it
won't work but
um I would give this mild uh I'll give
this mild push back to Dr Malone who by
the way I like a lot he he used a
Dilbert cartoon recently and asked for
permission
um I think the push back is this
everything you said about what they
understand is
correct so so everything you said about
the tech people's lack of understanding
I'm sure that's correct you know they
they have some appreciation for it but
not certainly at the you know doctor
level so perfectly correct but does the
doctor himself have a blind spot which
is AI if you looked at what AI can do
now and then you also looked at the
complexity of the situation it would be
quite reasonable to say I don't think AI
can get us
there but that's the whole point of
building the biggest computer in the
world because the current AI can't get
you there so the people who invented and
are heavily investing in
AI think that with this supercomputer it
unlocks you know new
powers would you bet against that would
you bet against the people who know the
most about
AI would you bet that they can't build
something can solve the complexity that
we all agree is much too great for
humans to solve and apparently currently
too great for AI to solve or would have
done it
already so I'm open to this possibly
working but uh I think Dr Malone's take
that it might be marketing propaganda
and
hype also very open possibility so I'm
I'm open to both of those being true uh
it's just that I don't think the doctor
can tell because the doctor would have a
blind spot an AI and I don't think the
tech people know for sure because as Dr
Malone says they know the AI but maybe
they don't know the space that they're
going to work on as
well so I'm open to both of them being
right but we'll
see Elon Musk says there's a glaring
problem that open AI is running out of
money so they're just burning through it
like
crazy um but we'll
see and but uh Sam Alman said more
generally not just talking about cancer
he says that diseases will get cured at
an unprecedented
rate
um that all
depends if the solutions to all these
problems can be done with some kind of
pattern
detection and that might be true it
might be that pattern is all you need
because if you have enough humans with
enough diseases enough data you can find
patterns that other people couldn't find
and maybe you could just look right into
the details the blood and find things
that you couldn't find before we'll see
meanwhile according to the Daily Mail
there's a sexy AI
chatbot that's going to get a busty
robot body so you'll have a uh a robot
it'll be sort of a sexy chatter now I
know what you're going to say you're
going to say you mean a sexbot no no you
you terrible people let me explain what
the Creator of it says and this will be
his own
words so it's a popular sexy AI agent
and it's set to receive a robotic body
that becomes a quote productive partner
for lonely men in the real world see
nothing about sex it's really just a
partner but it goes on um it's designed
as a young woman with long black hair
dark R glasses pouty lips and large
breasts for talking for talking
uh which will be uh uh 5 fo 10 in tall
well that's too
tall why why are they making a chatbot
as tall as a dude no take a couple
inches off of that chatbot please um
it's created by Eliza
labs and it's going to mirror human
emotions and
expressions again all you perverts shut
up it's not for sex it's not a sex spot
it's just sort of a cool chatting
[Music]
partner um then the company says that
Eliza that would be the robot can uh
also cut a cigar and pour a drink and
it's going to come with Custom Tailor
clothes and optional accessories I
wonder what kind of optional
accessories uh So Lisa lab says the
robot was not designed for sex that's
what I'm telling you people the robot's
not designed for sex so get your get
your mind at the gutter will you uh what
they explain the company is that the
robot was not designed for sex the
company is developing an artificial
vagina wait so it's not designed for sex
but the company is going to include it
with an artificial
vagina well I mean you have to read
between the lines a little bit here but
uh my take on this is that when I use my
my robot to cut my
cigars um if they cut more than one
they're going to need to carry
them one cigar in each
hand I don't know maybe maybe you have
some other way to carry the cigar so I'm
not going to make any assumptions about
why it needs an artificial vagina but
not for sex people not for sex don't
even think about that that's nothing
that they're even
contemplating as far as you know um and
then also according to Cedar siai
Medical Center uh they tested some AI
therapists to give counseling to people
and sure enough the AI therapist made
people quite satisfied so they were
happy with the the work done by the AI
therapist now the question would be the
obvious question is will there be
couples therapy do you think AI will be
used for couple's therapy and if it is
used for couple's therapy
will people take their chat Bots to it
and their sex
bots and just sit there with the AI and
say you know my chatbot has been kind of
a bat lately and then the chat box
chatbot would say I am not aat stop
calling me names you are the bad person
in this relationship and then it's
couples's therapy yeah so couples
therapy for you and your chatbot which
is not used for sex people it's not used
for sex so stop thinking about that all
right that's all I got for today's show
uh the Golden Age
continues and I'm going to talk to the
locals people privately for just a
moment thanks for joining everybody else
I'll see you tomorrow same time same
place if you're on YouTube or Rumble orx
but locals I'm going to come at you in
30 seconds privately the rest of you
thanks for
joining
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e for