doot-doot pop-pop-pop-pop bum bah bah
hey everybody come on in here it's time
for coffee with Scott Adam so the
simultaneous sip yes grab your mug your
cup your Chellis your stein your flask
your thermos your tankard if you will
fill it with your favorite liquid I like
coffee and join me now for the
unparalleled pleasure of the
simultaneous sip oh it's gonna be a good
one here it comes
oh good stuff
well I've got a lot of fun things to
talk about most of them will make you
angry and that's why you watch you know
I have a number of different people
watching these periscopes for a number
of different reasons some of you watch
my periscopes for the parts where I
agree with you and you can say hey
there's a good argument I'll go use that
I already agree with it but they're
probably a solid 30 to 50 percent of you
who watched these periscopes for the
times that I disagree with you and it's
hard to make both of you happy but but
those who enjoy it when I disagree with
you they're probably gonna like this one
a little bit more than you like other
ones alright we'll get to the
disagreeing part but I was interested
there was a tweet today that somebody
was saying that we we cannot live with
this president Trump because of his
character and intellect are not
sufficient to the job that's right as
recently as yesterday there was somebody
who is an intelligent observer of
politics intelligent who says that
President Trump can't be a good
president because of his character and
his intellect
now the follow-up question would be
something like this
hey observer what do you suppose the GDP
would be if we had a president with a
better character according to you 10%
what would be the situation with North
Korea better would Isis be more beaten I
could go down the line but if you're
arguing about the president's character
and intelligence today you've got a lot
of explaining to do
I feel like that was a reasonable thing
to say two years ago or two and a half
years ago two and a half years ago you
could say to yourself I am worried that
this president's character and his
intellect will not be good enough for
the job that wasn't crazy that would
have been a reasonable thing to say now
as it turns out we haven't seen a single
thing go wrong because of any of that
stuff personally I haven't seen anything
go wrong because if anything that the
president failed in the fact-checking
can somebody fact check that claim so my
claim is that apparently the fairly the
sorry I just saw something go by in the
comments that's sort of mind-boggling
but I'm assuming it's not true yeah I
just totally lost my train of thought
there somebody just threw me for a
complete loop what I was saying is that
it's hard to identify anything that's
gone wrong because of this president I
believe it's up to 8,000 or 9,000
fact-checking let's say your
regularities
how you know it would be one thing if
everything were going wrong and you can
say well I think it's because of the
president's character maybe it's because
he didn't pass the fact-checking
we've lost confidence or maybe because
he's not smart enough so you know maybe
that's the problem but how do you still
say that when everything is going well
if everything's going right and it sort
of is sort of is pretty much all the
important stuff seems to be going right
not counting the things that Congress
alone seems to have the power to change
you know things like health care and and
immigration are not going well and I
would like the president to do better on
those those things but those are mostly
the Congress's job so you have to keep
that in context anyway I love watching
the Democrats trying to get hold of
Trump's tax returns because the one
thing you can count on is that the
president has lawyers too and if there's
anything a lawyer can do its stall is
there any chance that the president's
lawyers will not be able to stall for
six years feels like that would be easy
well you kind of easy I'm going to I'm
going to block somebody here so I don't
get distracted by that again so my
prediction is that the Democrats will
never get Trump's tax returns it'll
probably go to the Supreme Court that
sort of thing but I don't think there's
any chance that they're going to get
them and as a public we should not let
it happen
I think that if we let this happen under
the flimsy especially under the flimsy
explanation that the Dems are getting
giving their explanation for why they
should get his tax
is to make sure that the IRS is doing a
good job auditing the president really
okay I get I kinda get how you're sorta
connecting the logic of the job to
almost kind of making sense but it
really doesn't pass anybody's sniff test
does it even if you're a Democrat do you
listen to that explanation of why the
Democrats want use tax returns and do
you say to yourself oh yeah yeah it's
good that Congress is is doing their
oversight job to make sure that the IRS
is correctly auditing the president said
no one there's not one Democrat in the
world who thinks that's a real reason
doesn't pass the sniff test and
therefore I'd be surprised if it ever
tested past the legal test so more fun
about Joe Biden he has apparently
changed his alleged plans now I think
the campaign is saying it was never a
plan it was only something they talked
about so they're making a difference
between what they talked about and and
what they planned so another saying they
never planned to announce in
Charlottesville makes me wonder why let
me suggest a few reasons number one if
you announce in Charlottesville what
would all of the news be about it
wouldn't be about Joe Biden has some
good health care policies it wouldn't be
about that it would be about the fact
that he he built he launched his
campaign on a fine people hoax if
anybody is new if you believe that the
president ever called the neo-nazis and
the people marching with the tiki
torches if you believe he ever called
them fine people then you fell for the
mainstream media hoax he was very clear
and saying I'm not talking about them he
said that in direct language I'm not
talking about that group and then the
news continues to report it as if he
said the exact opposite of what he
and it continues to go on so I think
Biden may maybe he was considering
taking advantage of that and stomping on
that as his main claim that he would be
the non-racist maybe he would do it to
you know try to try to maintain control
over the black vote but he would have
been associating himself with neo-nazis
and there's no way it could have worked
out for him there's no way that that he
been announcing in charlottesville would
have been a good idea for Joe Biden so
the fact that they even talked about it
tells you that he doesn't have his he
doesn't have the a team working for him
all right there was a very interesting
announcement from Health and Human
Services and it turns out that are going
to a B test meaning they're going to
test in small trials a variety of
different solutions for primary care and
the idea being that I don't know the
details because Health and Human
Services is terrible at explaining stuff
so when you read their announcement you
just sort of look at it go uh words I
don't know what these words all mean
it's all jargon and you know big concept
stuff so you can't actually tell what
they're planning but it's something in
the neighborhood of a test account
having primary care physicians get paid
by outcome in other words keeping
they're keeping their patients healthy
as opposed to treating them for the
transaction or the time that they spent
now I don't know if these are good ideas
I don't know if these are good ideas but
I know a good process when I see it I
know a good system when I see it and the
a good system involves testing on a
small scale anything that looks good
enough to test because you really can't
tell so the administration is not to say
these are great ideas that would be
problematic I hate that word
that would be a mistake because they
don't know the smartest thing they can
do is test it compare it to some other
things test it at the same time see how
it goes and then never stop testing they
should be testing new stuff all the time
it's the only way to penetrate a
complicated situation like health care
make small well-defined tests see how it
goes
so I complement my government for at
least two situations that I know of
where the government is doing small a be
testing to see what works they're also
doing it in the Department of Energy so
secretary Perry's Department funded some
small iterative testing for generation
for nuclear energy so they're looking at
different different technologies and
they'll have a way to quickly test them
so whenever you see your government
creating a system for people to rapidly
test and evaluate a new technology and a
big area that's complicated and people
can't quite agree what's the way the
right way to go that that's good
government that is people who came from
the business world and understand that
you don't just come up with a big plan
and implement it you got to test this
stuff so it's one of the most optimistic
stories that you will ever see coming
out of your government the news the news
in the past month that the Department of
Energy has set up a thing to test
generation for nuclear fuels and the
fact that Health and Human Services is
setting up some small tests of primary
care those are really really a plus
events that is your government working
at the highest possible level in terms
of creating systems that make sense
something that gives you at least a
chance
crawl forward in these complicated areas
like energy and healthcare
so a plus two my government I I give you
a lot of trouble for all the things you
do wrong and you do a lot of stuff wrong
my government but when you do something
right I want to I want to shout that
from the rooftops because you don't want
to get that lost you don't want the good
stuff to get lost you want you want to
promote that you want to call out who
did that you know so secretary Hayes our
Health and Human Services a plus
secretary Perry Energy a plus for
creating systems to get us to move us
forward all right
the speaking of systems senator Warren
has suggested paying off all of the
student debt and making education free
people who paid off their own student
debts say hey that's not fair and I
don't know how you could get away with a
proposal that your own team thinks is
unfair so I don't know how she's ever
gonna sell this thing but I do like the
fact that it's out there now my
understanding is that Warren and some
other candidates have signed on to the
idea of reparations for slavery and in
some cases already signed on to reducing
student debt or having free college if
they ever combine those two things it's
gonna be trouble for the president and I
would love to see the president get in
front of it and combine them himself but
I don't think that fits his brand well
enough and here's what I'm talking about
and I'll once again give credit to walk
through some associated with black lives
matter in New York and he made the
comment that anything you do for the
african-american community in this
country ends up helping a whole lot of
people also so whatever you do to help
that community just by its nature is
going
help poor people who are in similar
situations and so you could say let's do
reparations but let's call it free
college and free trade so any kind of
education as an adult let's just say
that is reparations it just happens that
it would help every poor person every
young person also and let's just give
you know give african americans the whim
if if they are a big part of why this
happens and it helps them more than it
helps other people it's ok with me if it
as long as it's helping everybody who's
in a similar situation regardless of
ethnicity alright
so two interesting things on climate
change as many of you know I've been
doing this extended deep dive if you
will trying to understand climate change
my position is still squarely on the
fence meaning that I'm not persuaded by
other the skeptics or the or the
scientists in terms of their total
arguments I do observe that both the
skeptics and the scientists are selling
a bunch of BS but I don't know what
percentage of it is BS in other words
it's obvious to me that a lot of what's
coming under the legitimate climate
science is spin and marketing and BS and
maybe it needs to be because they're
trying to they're trying to persuade the
public and facts are not that good at
persuading so if you notice that the
legitimate scientific community is
saying and promoting messages that you
say oh I love science but I can't quite
go as far as you're going because that
doesn't sound like science to me anymore
well you're probably right
the scientific community is also trying
to persuade it with fear and visuals and
all that stuff so if it looks like BS it
might be just BS but that doesn't mean
the science is wrong science could be
right
and they still might need to use a bunch
of BS just to sell their message that
they they actually believe it's true and
maybe it is true but it's also true that
the the skeptics are so so ridiculously
off-base in so many ways that it's hard
to take skepticism seriously when
there's so much of it that's
transparently ridiculous some of it
might be true and it would only take
some of it to be true for climate
science to look quite different from the
official message so my problem is both
sides are clearly lying about a lot and
it's hard to sort through it to figure
out what percentage of it is real but
two interesting things I forwarded on
Twitter a explanation of the so-called
Climategate email that talked about
quote hiding the decline and using a
quote trick it does a good job of
explaining why that was misinterpreted
and it meant absolutely nothing which is
what I told you from the start
without knowing any of the background to
it so I'd like to I'd like to suggest
that you treat me as sort of your
service animal you know what a service
animal is right if you have a dog or a
doctor or something and it keeps you
calm or it helps you if you have a sight
problem or some other physical or mental
disability your service animal helps you
just fill in that one little area of
your life right the service animal
doesn't run your life they just they
just compensate for one little area
where you need a little help you should
see me as your service animal for
identifying hoaxes but in order to use
me correctly as your service animal you
have to understand that sometimes the
hoax is on your side sometimes it's on
the other side but sometimes you're the
one who fell for the hoax if you don't
accept that as a base
truth you will just live in a little
bubble of your own making forever the
only way you could be free to have a
chance of understanding the world in
which you live in is to accept as fact
that you are hoaxed fairly often and if
you do the right things maybe you can
get out of those smaller hoaxes but if
you're thinking it's only the other
people who have got hoaxed my god look
at all those liberals they believe in
this they believe in that they believe
in this hoax they believe in the fine
people hoax they look at all these
hoaxes they believe in the socialism
works they believe you name it if you
think those hoaxes are all on one side
you're never gonna get out of your own
bubble and so I'm gonna help you many of
you are climate sceptics I know from
other interactions and if you believe
that one of the good reasons for your
climate skepticism was the Climategate
emails that got hacked and seemed to
indicate that the scientists were
fudging things you got hoaxed you've
been badly hoaxed if you think that was
meaningful read what I just tweeted
around see it in context it'll be
exactly what I sniffed out before I even
knew with the details I simply read the
email and said well I don't know all the
details but it's obvious to me I can
smell it I'm your service animal I can
smell a hoax that was hoax top to bottom
front to back now the Climategate emails
are a hoax on the level of pizza gate
they're on the level of queue they are
so transparently obviously hoaxes that
you shouldn't even need to dig into the
detail but you know maybe some of you
need that however as your service animal
let me assure you Climategate emails
didn't mean anything
the independent
whether climate change is what people
say it is the emails of Climategate
didn't mean anything
pizza gate was a hoax queue is a hoax
the fine people thing is a hoax the idea
that the president was mocking the guy
with the bad arm is a hoax because he
uses that same motion for other people
somebody say your your ring washed well
let me give you another another way to
understand the world you notice just
right in front of you right here I
called out hoaxes on both sides how many
of you thought well he's right about all
the hoaxes on the other side but he's
wrong about all the hoaxes on my side
because those are true yeah pizza gate
is real Hugh is really an insider
chemtrails are real how can he be so
wrong the Climategate emails are real
all right
let's talk about something else
senator Sanders is suggesting as some
other candidates I think are as well
that convicted felons people in jail
should have the right to vote I agree I
agree with senator Sanders you know I
often tell you I'm left of Bernie but in
many cases I agree with him usually
without the details I tend to agree with
Bernie Sanders and sort of the big
picture of where it would be good to end
up and I disagree with him on the math
and you know whether the numbers work
and whether he has a way to get there
but where he wants to go I love I would
love a world where everybody has good
health care you know education is
available to all in some way so Bern are
you saying that yeah I can see in the
comments you're all getting out of me
here so Bernie's saying yes people in
jail should vote and then the critics
say what are you saying that the Boston
Marathon voter are the
Boston Marathon bomber should get a vote
are you saying that Bernie seriously so
that this is somebody who bombed a child
you know intentionally are you saying
Bernie the pedophiles murderers sexual
offenders they should get a vote is that
what you're saying Bernie is that what
you're saying well I'm saying that - so
I'm agreeing with Bernie they should get
a vote but here's what you're getting
wrong about it if you disagree if what
you're saying is my god Scott how can
you give them you know a treat how can
you how can you give them a right when
they've done these bad things to which I
say it's not really about them I don't I
don't care about a murder I don't care
if the Boston Marathon bomber lives or
dies I don't care if he's murdered in
prison I have no concern whatsoever for
the prisoners themselves in terms of
wanting to give them a treat I am
speaking selfishly you know who I care
about you I care about you because
you're not prisoners and you're not
murderers
for the most part most of you most of
you are not sex offenders well I don't
know most of you but many of you are not
sex offenders and here's the argument
the argument is that allowing prisoners
to vote is part of the process of making
them feel part of society giving anybody
the right to vote has a little bit to do
with picking the right candidate it has
a little bit to do with getting the
right laws and it has a lot to do with
making the person who votes feel like
they're part of the system why would you
give that away why why would I give up
something of mine because some strangers
in prison would you give up something
that they an asset of your own would you
give up something of yours
for a prisoner why would you do that why
would you give up something of your own
I don't want to give up living in a
country in which we're brainwashing all
of our citizens whether they're
prisoners or children or adults not in
prison I don't care who you're talking
about
I want my system to brainwash people
toward good citizenship now I use the
word brainwash to be provocative but of
course a society does try to train its
citizens while using less the more
neutral word to trade we do try to train
our citizens towards citizenship
patriotism and buying into the system a
really really good way to persuade
somebody to be part of the system as
opposed to an outlaw is to let them vote
so let them vote it is part of fixing
them now how many of those prisoners
would actually be influenced in any way
by the right to vote not many a few I
mean how many prisoners are gonna even
bother to vote yeah I don't know
probably not many but certainly there
are some people who are at least on the
margin of being a lifelong criminal
versus being maybe reformable and for my
benefit my benefit and your benefit not
for the benefit of the prisoners we
should give them the right to vote
because that is a small but real part of
their rehabilitation and part of
bringing them into the near the
citizenship of the country so I don't
want to give that up for me I don't give
a crap about the Boston Marathon bomber
I don't care if it makes him happy I
have no interest in his happiness I only
want him to be I only want the class of
people who were in jail to get closer to
being part of the system and feeling
less like an outsider it's free
I mean you know free in the sense that
it's a small change to make for
could be a material benefit all right so
that's my agreement with Bernie Bernie
did a terrible job of explaining it I
think I just did a better job of
explaining it which is you know the the
the constitutional way to explain it is
that the Constitution gives you the
right to vote so if I wanted to explain
this as a Republican or as a
conservative I would say Constitution
doesn't take away your right to vote I
think that's true right there's nothing
in the Constitution that says that
prisoners can't vote and if the
Constitution does not remove your right
to vote I don't think we should
it feels unconstitutional to me but I'm
no expert on that so I won't go too deep
in that I'll just tell you it doesn't
feel constitutional so if you just want
to make a pure Constitution argument you
could say well I hate it
just the way I hate that people have
free speech and use it in ways I don't
like but I still like free speech so if
the Constitution gives you the right to
vote who is it that gets to take it away
do you get to take it away all right
here's an interesting question for all
of you
we're watching the Democrats say they
many of them anyway you say they still
want to impeach President Trump they say
that the the Muller report has laydown
to quote a roadmap to impeachment a
roadmap to impeachment to which I say
what would be the worst thing in that
Muller report that would speak to
impeachment and I want to test all of
you because I couldn't think of a thing
I I watched all the coverage of the
Moller report and then I'm watching
people say well there's enough in there
to impeach him and I say to myself name
one thing like just what's what's your
best thing what is the one most horrible
thing you saw in the Muller report
that gets anywhere near impeachment can
anybody suggest something I mean even
even if you disagree with impeachment
can you think of what would be somebody
says look it up no that's my point
there's nothing to look up there's
nothing to look up because one of you
would know it wouldn't you yeah if
there's nobody here in the comments and
watch the comments even if you don't
think the president should be impeached
what do you imagine what do you remember
from the coverage that was the best
reason what comes the closest I can't I
don't know anything I could see that
your comments are way behind because so
many wanted so many of you wanted to
comment on the voting and the prisoners
that there's a little backlog in the
comments so I'll wait for them to catch
up a little bit alright there's so many
comments on the prisoner one that have I
read it I have not read the entire
mullah reports but doesn't it seem to
you that if there were strong reasons
for impeachment in there we would sort
of have heard them by now when you say
somebody says I can't believe Scott
Adams one sufentanil dealers a right to
vote
well I want them dead so if they can
vote while they're dead they'd have to
be Democrats I guess so yes a I don't
want the smallish offense and all
dealers necessarily to be dead but the
big dealers I think the death penalty
should apply however whoever whatever
badness they've done whether it's
fentanyl or anything else if your rule
is going to be the prisoners can fo you
sort have to let them although
he beat Hillary yeah so here's the
question I'd like somebody to ask of the
Democrats and this is partly a
persuasion word but it's also a fair
question this is a fair question I want
to see reporters ask the Democrats can
you give us the best single reason the
top reason based on one set of facts
that would lead you to impeachment now I
think they're gonna say stuff such as he
tried to get Magan to fire Muller was it
and McCullough and began had to threaten
to quit in order to not do it to which I
say that's is it an impeachable offense
to do what your lawyer recommends
because that's all it is the lawyer said
I recommend you don't do this and I
recommend is so hard that if you do do
it I have to quit and then the president
didn't do it
so do we impeach presidents for taking
the advice of their lawyer
I mean correct me if I'm wrong but that
was the number one best reason wasn't it
was there a better reason can anybody
give me one reason
from the Muller report there would be an
impeachable thing that's better than
that one following the advice of his
lawyer that's it so I think what you're
gonna you will find is you would get
this kind of answer allow me to
interview a person that I like to call
Dale Dale the anti-trump er Dale the
anti-trump ER I'm going to interview him
right now and I'm going to say Dale can
you give me a reason based on the molar
report why this president needs to be
impeached I here again I can give you
ten reasons ten they're all in there in
the molar report ten reasons well
ten by ten reasons for impeachment you
mean there were ten things that they
investigated and found nothing in each
one of those cases is that accurate well
I said there were ten of them ten of
them ten reasons yeah no you said that
but really it wasn't ten ten laws you
broke it wasn't ten cases of obstruction
of justice it was ten things they looked
into and found nothing doesn't that say
it a little more accurately than what
you're saying Oh
ten reasons we need character and and in
and it's not just all about what's
illegal it's also about stuff I don't
quite understand about impeachment but
I'm sure it doesn't have to just be a
crime and besides the molar report is
full of descriptions of this president's
crimes it is cuz I've been watching the
coverage and it looks like there's no
evidence of a crime Muller said he
cannot clear the president of
obstruction so guilty Dan well that
doesn't mean guilty that just means the
law is ambiguous do you know what
happens when laws are so ambiguous that
even the lawyers can't tell if a law has
been broken no I do not
well it means if even professional
lawyers who were looking at the same set
of facts can't even decide if a thing it
is is illegal or not illegal it's a
really much chance that the Supreme
Court is gonna say well even though you
can't tell you go to jail I'd like to
talk about other things now and see all
right a surprise you didn't read the
report there's a reason I don't read you
the report and the reason it
is that what will matter from the report
is what other people say about it
so my own independent opinion of what
something says in the report it's not
really gonna matter it's only gonna
matter what people who have read the
report or have heard people talk about
it and read it they're the only ones who
really are gonna make a difference it's
not gonna be what the report says it's
how people feel about it and what what
facts rise up to the top in our minds
all right let's see what else we got
going on here yeah that's my best that's
my best thing all right
so the takeaway for today to see if we
can get any Democrat to be asked well
let's see if we can convince the press
to ask any of the Democrats they're our
top number one reason for impeachment
and if they say there are 10 push for
the best one and if they say well
individually they're nothing but you
have to see them together then I think
you just laugh and walk away because ten
times zero still zero still zero tell
you something controversial you say
obstruction of justice you haven't read
Mulder's report or a Brooklyn Brooklyn
finest is telling me that there's
clearly obstruction of justice and I
would know that if I had read the report
and so I ask you because maybe you have
read the report to give me the one best
example so if you're mocking me for not
reading the report I assume that means
you read it so tell me Brooklyn's Finest
89 why don't you tell
your best reason in fact if you'd like I
will take a call
Brooklyn finest if you if you if you
agree to to go live I will take your
call and I will let you tell me what is
the best argument for obstruction of
justice from the Muller report anybody
any takers so I think I think they what
you'll see is a whole people a whole
bunch of people doing what Brooklyn just
did so Brooklyn is gonna do what I think
you would see the candidates do which is
say my god
my god
just read the report it's full of
examples of obstruction of justice you
mean the stuff that neither Muller nor
bar are calling obstruction of justice
it's folded so much of it so much well
somebody says somebody said look he's
saying I'm guessing ten examples of
obstruction of justice isn't good for
you I'm just asking you for wand
just give me one your best one give us
your best one Brooklyn now of course all
right well I'm not going to follow up on
that because I know you're gonna bail
out so what you should expect is that
people will default
they will default to saying it's
definitely in that Boehner report I'm
just not going to tell you what it is oh
if you haven't read it yourself well you
couldn't possibly know all the crimes
that are described in their 'test
there's ten of them ten crimes
name one I'm not going to name one read
the report read it yourself there's ten
right in there so I think you're going
to get people pretending
there's something in there and telling
you to read it knowing you won't and
acting like they saw it so they're
literally going to act like they saw
something that wasn't there all right
that's all for today and I'll talk to
you later