[Music]
hello everybody come on in it's the
weekend well it's been the weekend but
it still the weekend is a great great
day so sore today when you just want to
take a deep breath take stock of all the
good stuff but most importantly you want
to enjoy the simultaneous scent because
when you do that it nearly guarantees
that the rest of your day will be better
than it would have been does it take
much to enjoy it no it does not
thanks for asking it doesn't take much
at all thanks for the super art the
virus Joe here's what you need to enjoy
the simultaneous simple I think you know
it's a cover above your glasses time to
tell us the Tegrity thermos can't eat a
Grail a vessel of any kind fill it with
your favorite liquid I'm partial to
coffee and join me now for the
simultaneous sip the best set of the day
dopamine go sublime alright let's talk
about Joe Biden here's an interesting
angle that I don't believe I've seen
anywhere so I should be the first person
to introduce this idea but it might
catch on here's the idea imagine if you
will Joe Biden gets the nomination
that's not crazy
now I've predicted it won't happen
because I predicted that he'll fail
before the before it gets time to
nominate and probably for some health or
mental stability reasons the stabilities
wrong word he's he's obviously lost a
step all the Democrats can see it it's
no longer a question of opinion you know
it's it's now passed for an opinion into
oh yeah we see it too but it's hard to
talk him out of it because apparently
there's nobody who has any influence who
can apparently there's nobody who can
talk to Biden and say you know you've
been good for the country you know maybe
take a step back so what happens if
Biden gets the nomination here's the fun
part he's gonna have to pick a vice
president let's do a little bit of
thought experiment let's say he picks a
vice president from among the other
contenders for president which would be
quite reasonable quite normal he's not
limited to that of course but it let's
say he does who would he pick wait for
it wait for it who would he pick who
would have the most chance of invoking
the 25th amendment with in conjunction
with the regular processes for that who
would support it maybe even promote it
and take the job of prog president think
about it if you voted for a Biden Carla
Harris ticket I see most of you were
getting ahead of me if if you voted for
that ticket let's say you know the
variables just lined up and against all
odds Biden gets the nomination largely
because let's say the country isn't
paying attention anybody who's watched
him in a debate it's gonna have a real
problem we're thinking that that's a
safe thing to do for the country but if
there's any doubt in people's minds
about whether Biden will be capable and
they still want the benefit of thinking
incorrectly but thinking that Biden
could be too Trump they might have this
tough question which is it's obvious
he's not capable but what if there's a
hot backup and here's here's the thing
about Harris imagine a vice presidential
pick that you could more easily imagine
invoking a fairly
radical solution the 25th amendment now
I don't think it'd be radical in this
case just because it would be quite cold
for I think but I feel like Harris
because she's a hard-ass by reputation
and because she's obviously ambitious
you know I guess they're all ambitious
but she's also a prosecutor if I were to
pick one personality type who would be
willing to let's say overlook not
overlook let's say who would be
intellectually capable of sidelining
loyalty I'm trying to say this is more a
positive way not to make it negative
someone who who has the critical
thinking and experience and mental
mindset of a prosecutor can put aside
feelings
for some you know greater process you
know legal purposes and as sort of what
she does so I would think that a
prosecutor would be the best choice to
be expected to be aggressive in acting
quickly if there was a confidence
problem with the president so we might
see that happened and it would be a not
impossible way for Harris to become
president there's there's a interesting
example of loser think in the news I
like to call out now let me define loser
thing for you but it's the title in my
new book coming out November 5th I'll
give you a little preview with the theme
is the theme is that people who have
experience across various different
fields of study be they history
psychology economics business technology
engineering whatever the fields are the
people who have a broader experience at
least in the thinking styles not all the
details not all the skills of those
different disciplines but if you've been
exposed to the way they think you're way
ahead and understanding your world and
communicating well
I'll give you a trivial example if you
had if you had never heard of science
would it ever occur to you that you
should do controlled experiments and you
know double blinds and stuff like that
probably not right because those things
were not obvious until who wasn't Newton
Isaac Newton I think was sort of the you
know the the thought founder of a lot of
science you can help me with the details
but the point is throughout much of
human history it wasn't obvious that you
needed a controlled experiment and then
you could rigorously test your way to
something good now think how think how
handicapped you'd be if you were a
modern you know person in the modern
world and you never heard a science now
you don't have to be a scientist to know
that controlled experiments make sense
there was reason to explain alright so
I'm gonna take that concept and gonna
apply it to a conversation between sort
of a public conversation I guess Bill
Maher
who did some who did a monologue in
favor of fat shaming in other words his
point was we should shame people to lose
weight because of the health benefits
economic benefits use societal benefits
so James Corden who I think you know him
from whichever late night show he's on
he's got a very impressive impressive
body work and in the entertainment
industry so so the first thing I'm gonna
say about James Corden is very
successful
I'm guessing very smart because if you
look at the body of his work it's pretty
broad in the entertainment industry it's
very impressive but I checked to see
what his educational background is and
it's not science it's not engineering
it's not economics it's not business
now if somebody had did not have an
educational background than those things
one should expect that they don't maybe
have a full grasp if they haven't been
exposed to those things of what to do
exactly in every situation because those
are pretty useful fields so let me give
you an example of what James Corden said
no apparently James Corden has been
struggling with his own weight for years
I had to look at a picture of him to see
what he was talking about and I don't
know maybe it's because he works in LA
but he doesn't look fat to me I don't
know what he's talking about
now I get that James Corden seems to
have some genes that make him a little
rounder maybe maybe old fat you know
more strongly than other people so
anyway the point is James Corden
believes he's overweight so that's his
self assessment I don't really see it in
the pictures in any way that would be in
any way I would call fat in America you
know by American standards certainly not
but he'll is probably lives and works in
LA so it probably feels like that to him
and I imagine it's going up and down
over time but here's what he said so
James Corden said this quote if making
fun of fat people made them lose weight
there'd be no fat kids in school and I'd
have a six-pack right now now in this
mode he was trying to make a serious
point he wasn't making jokes now if it
were a joke I wouldn't say well let's
look at look at him factually you know
pull it apart and see if it makes sense
but but it wasn't a joke he said it in
you know sort of an interesting way but
it's as serious it's obviously a serious
point in which he's saying that fat
shaming doesn't work because if it did
obviously every single kid gets fat
shamed if there's in fact so how many of
you think that's a good point
in the comments we'll do a fun little
thing is James Corden making a good
point
did that given that every kid who's
overweight gets fat shame you can
guarantee that zero zero kids who are
overweight do not get fat shamed
so we wouldn't see any fat people if it
worked right set you so I'm looking at
your comments and look at the mix a lot
of you say yes a lot of you saying no
why is it that it looks like about half
of you or yes half of you or uh now why
is it that you disagree on such a simple
question and here's my hypothesis now
this won't be true for every one of you
I'm gonna make a general statement my
hypothesis is the people who say this
makes sense on average not every single
person you could be the exception but on
average the people think that James
Corden is making sense probably have a
similar educational background this is
my speculation secondly the people who
say he does not make sense probably have
backgrounds that are more like economics
probably more like business maybe more
like engineering maybe more like science
or at least I've been exposed to enough
of those things that they they know how
those fields think here's what's wrong
with James Corden sentence and I'll read
it again and then tell you why it's
completely irrational okay if making fun
of fat people made them lose weight
there'd be no fat kids in school here's
what's wrong with us and half of you
already know it the other half are going
to learn it for the first time we don't
know what would have happened if this
were a controlled experiment see you see
what we see where this is going if this
were a controlled experiment we might
learn that 90% of people who are
efficient go ahead and lose weight we
might find that 10% do but the thing we
don't know is what would happen if we
did the experiment so when and let me
say I should throw my opinion in here
just so I don't get lumped in with one
of the two opinions I'm talking about my
opinion is closer to James Corden's
opinion that the fat shaming
[Music]
is not good for society I just have
different reasons for it
so I'm anti fat shaming but his reason
he gave is that if fat shaming it worked
there wouldn't be any fat kids in school
and that is a very sort of an artist
opinion if all of your education was in
the arts you wouldn't know that there
was anything wrong with that opinion if
you were a scientist that everyone here
who had a scientific background sent up
no controlled experiment no controlled
experiment your statement is absolutely
just a guess and half of you took that
statement which is nothing more than a
speculative cast and said oh yeah that's
true there would be no fat kids if if
fat shaming worked I guess that would
take care of it all so here's the the
big picture the big picture is if you'd
been exposed to the some of the other
more productive fields the way they
think you don't have to be expert in any
of them but if you just knew whether the
fact they think you would have picked
this up immediately enough on that
there's a funny funny tweet by President
Trump I forget who he was tweeting at
but there was somebody on Twitter who
was slightly notable who said in effect
that she wouldn't want to be friends
with President Trump but you know would
vote for him for president as opposed to
Andrew yang who she thinks she could be
friends with but wouldn't vote for him
for president and president Trump wisely
and entertainingly tweeted back to her
I'm good with that
here with an exclamation Lord in other
words he was accepting that he would
rather be an effective president than to
be the president everybody likes for his
personality and I thought I thought it
was a sort of a brilliantly persuasive
tweet in terms of framing the public's
opinion of the situation because the
most productive frame that this
president could put out there imagine
this imagine if President Trump could
sell what I'm gonna say next good and
that's the first time I've seen him
hinted and here's the sale I'm not
asking you to like me personally I get
it I don't want you asked to like me
personally sometimes I'm kind of a dick
but I'm gonna be a dick for you
sometimes I'm kind of a bully but I work
for you now
I'm your bully I'm bullying you're an
I'm gonna I'm gonna bully some other
countries I'm gonna bully the Democrats
I'm here I'm your bully that message is
super appealing because people want to
you see that most of president Trump's
critics have this problem that they
can't get past who he is and they don't
want to validate that and they don't
want to normalize it by the president
giving this framework which is yeah I'm
not I'm not gonna be your best friend I
could see why you wouldn't like me my
personality isn't for everybody I get it
and you're fine and I'm fine with that
at the same time let me do this
effective job look at my statistics look
at unemployment rates etc I'm doing a
good job that is a really really
productive frame because it gives it
gives a fake because to the people who
are on the fence about him the fake
because if it's a term I made up and it
has to do with the fact that we know
scientifically people often need excuses
a public excuse to do the thing they in
their mind they want to do so the people
who might want to support him but they
know that associating their vote and
their reputation with him would make
them feel like his whatever they feel
about his personality and that could be
bad so if you allowed Democrats to say
god I I just can't stand the guy but I
like a good economy then it gives them a
fake because a reason to do the thing in
public that they want to do to privately
because privately they might be thinking
to themselves I would actually vote for
that guy if it weren't so embarrassing
because of the way he acts and you know
I don't want to promote that and
normalize it
so it was a small tweet that you
probably thought was just a joke you
know just a nothing that went by but
everything he does on Twitter whether
he's thinking about this way or it just
works out that way is a/b test he puts
out a lot of stuff and they see how
people respond and that message I
thought was an excellent test an
excellent a B test just to see if that
idea could be maybe pushed a little
further I'm not sure what kind of
response he got there's another story
about a Swiss company that built a very
impressive high-end house entirely by
robots now when you hear that you say I
know the robots are taking over and and
ultimately they will of course new new
home construction will be robots
it's just when certainly if you're
looking at 20 years
totally most new construction will be
mostly robots I would say that's a safe
very safe prediction in 20 years now if
you say in five years I think you might
see your first permitted robot built
house maybe in ten years it's probably
going to be competing with humans and
twenty humans won't be competitive
anymore except for for what do you call
it reconstruction were upgrades upgrades
will still be human for a long time
because there's too many decisions being
made unless it just becomes cheaper to
tear everything down so here's the thing
one of the biggest trends that the
public doesn't see coming is is new home
building systems and technologies so I'm
saying systems to include all the
planning organizing coordinating stuff
in just the order in which you do things
and how you integrate things all that
those are systems then the technology is
robots or 3d printing or homes that you
can put together like a kit
or somebody mentioned something called
hempcrete today get rid of that it's
hemp and creates like concrete book with
hemp apparently if you use hemp and some
kind of lie or limestone mixture you get
this lightweight brick for a building
it's not strong enough for four
foundations but it's strong enough for
walls and has the advantage that the
hemp absorbed a bunch of co2 so you have
buildings that instead of concrete so
concrete will produce co2 by hempcrete
because you're growing plants and then
turning that into concrete you're
actually absorbing co2 and you're
locking it into the construction
material and you're putting in your
frickin wall and apparently has great
qualities for moisture control and
insulation so it's light which makes it
easier it insulates as a good moisture
control qualities and it and it actually
absorbs co2 I mean when it's when the
substance is growing not when you put it
in your house so now I'm not saying that
a hemp accrete will ever be a big thing
so because you know who knows there
might be other variables I don't know
about but if you look collectively at
all the things that are happening in the
construction world it it's it's a
revolution of a thousand droplets of
water that are this giant tsunami and
that this giant tsunami of you know just
a whole bunch of different little things
that are being tested and tried all over
the world if the world of constructing
things fundamentally changes it will
lower the cost of living it will make
living in some places economical when it
wasn't
you could build entire communities just
for people with drug addiction take them
out of a place where they can get drugs
put them where they just can't get them
and have a whole nice City there that
you can live in it's just a drug free
city so suddenly a whole bunch of
societal problems can be more easily
dealt with
simply by changing your construction now
what about the robots taking all the
jobs that's a mixed bag because there
are two trends and we don't know how
they'll still net out one trend is that
if robot takes you job you got to go get
another job and maybe you don't make as
much money so that's bad week we could
assume that there's some of that coming
toward us so robots taking construction
jobs guarantee there's some of that
comment but what if the net effect of
these new technologies for building
homes takes the cost of a really good
quality home down to wait for it $75,000
let's say you could buy a really livable
I'll say livable because it's designed
to be really nice just low cost so you
could have a really liveable affordable
$75,000 house even if you're paying rent
the rent on a $75,000 house is could it
be pretty low so if you could get to
that point suddenly you can you know
have a lower end job and have a real
high-quality life because you'd go home
to a you know beautiful albeit
inexpensive home all right oh I say the
home is beautiful I mean you have to
design the entire community so that it's
the community that makes the living
experience good similar to how college
is awesome if you go to college
your physical room is just as crappy a
little space you share whether your
roommate usually but the lifestyle is
amazing because you walk out of your
room and soul students and activities
and you know there's central places you
can go to have sports and all kinds of
things all right I had a realization the
other day about why the fine people hoax
is so sticky and this would be a good
just as a lesson in persuasion and how
the brain works I want to add this I
know most of you are too much about it
so I'll give you all the whole
background of the fine people hoax but
it has to do with the fact that some
large percentage of the country still
believes the President Trump called the
neo not
he's in charlottesville quote fine
people now that never happened and since
it never happened and as clearly it
never happened on the transcript clearly
it never happened and when you look at
the original video without it being
selectively edited which is a problem so
why is that the people are so sprung
loaded spring loaded to believe this
thing that is so easily debunked and now
one reason is of course that the fake
news shows the misleading edit so the
country has been lied to right so
somebody says my own ears
I'm talking to you so whoever said
whichever ones of you who are saying
right now Scott it's not a hoax I heard
it me personally with my own ears I
watched it Scott you I don't know what's
wrong with you Scott I literally watched
it myself
I thought so I'm talking to you the
people who were saying that right now
and I know there are a number of you on
this periscope here's the thing that I
realized as to why you think that thing
because you're wrong it didn't happen
and you can prove it just look at the
transcript just look at the the full
video that goes all the way to the part
where he says and I'm not talking about
the neo-nazis and white Nationals so you
have to get to that sentence in the clip
to know that he was explicitly and
without being prompted and without
asking he said I'm not talking about the
neo-nazis right so why do people believe
it here's my insight I think people are
conflating two events all right
the first event is a real event this so
the next thing I'm going to say actually
did happen that when the event first
happened and the the woman was killed by
the neo-nazi in the car and Trump was
talking about it after he did say so
this part's true there are bad people on
both sides now here's the realization
back when Trump first said that what did
the public say when he said they're bad
people on both sides if you remember
everybody said what the hell are you
talking about one side was literally
neo-nazis like not that's not our
opinion they were literally neo-nazis
who organized with torches and and one
of them killed somebody so how in the
world can you say that the people who
are protesting them are the bad people
as the people who are the bad people you
know the actual racist how in the world
can President Trump say that so that was
the first controversy I remember he said
that at a time when the public didn't
know much about antiphon what they knew
about Anti Fog is that they were
protesting the racists say you say to
yourself there's no way this is a moral
equivalent president Trump you're
totally wrong
protesting races is not morally
equivalent to being racist duh
right time goes by what do we find out
about antiphon meaning we the public at
large what do we learn about antiphon in
the time that has passed as son
Charlottesville what we learned is that
the president was 100% right there were
bad people on both sides an tyfa as of
course like you know any large
organization a lot of different
personalities and I'm sure there are
there are good people
we joined anti far for all the right
reasons in their mind at least they
think it's some greater good but we do
know no now and it's unambiguous it's
something that both sides of the
political world would accept the
anti-fog wears costumes and brings
weapons and looks for violence and that
they've attacked people from behind now
again not every anti phone number is
violent we all acknowledge that but as
an organization they have some bad
people now that wasn't obvious to the
public at large when President
but first said there are bad people on
both sides so the very first thing that
happened was people said wait you're
you're acting like both sides are
somehow morally equivalent this is the
new insight I had that the first
incident in which we now know President
Trump was a hundred percent correct I
mean we're actually considering
designating anti far as domestic
terrorists if you're even in that
conversation you've got some bad people
in your group right so so that part's
true
and I think that gets conflated in
people's minds when that a separate
separate time in a separate event and
but soon after President Trump said
there were quote fine people on both
sides now when he said they were fine
people on both sides the context was
different in that case he defined his
terms and that's the part that gets
edited out of the videos so if you
haven't seen the full video you were
intentionally being hoaxed basically by
the media because they've left out the
context intentionally now the context is
the president very clearly and
explicitly said I'm not talking he said
this actual sentence this is his actual
sentence I'm not talking about the white
nationalists and the neo-nazis they
should be condemned it totally as clear
as you could possibly be and then he
explained to who he was talking about
was people who had showed up on both
sides of the question of whether the
statue should stay or whether it's
offensive and should leave and his
argument is that they were fine people
who could disagree on the statue
who have nothing to do with the people
who are marching with the tiki torches
now whenever I point this out to people
and so here's the insight the insight is
that the original statement of bad
people on both sides seemed untrue when
he said it but over time we now know it
was true completely true bad people on
both sides just not all of them that
there were bad people there and now we
also and then that gets conflated with
the fine people on both sides and then
people forget that that context was
about the
non-racist protesters and they he
defined his terms very clearly so that's
my insight I think that what makes this
special is not just the fake news not
just the fact that the people primed to
believe it our prime to believe it
those those would be enough but when you
add those two events that are similar
enough that your brain conflates them
automatically I mean even when I
described it to you it was it was you
probably had a thought of right I got to
pay attention because it's a little hard
to follow and that's what makes it so
sticky that bad people on both sides and
find people on both sides got conflated
in your mind so those of you who are on
this periscope who said when I started
that so that was wrong how do you feel
right now
now that you've actually heard the the
explanation and I would invite you to
look at the hash tag hash tag find
people hoaxes and you can see some stuff
on Twitter that will lead you to the
actual transcript and the actual videos
and it's gonna blow your mind it's gonna
blow your mind to learn how badly you
were wrong about one of the most basic
stories of our reality all right so
enough on that I saw SE Cupp who's what
would you call her and I know analyst
pundit host I don't know what title she
has on CNN I think she was allegedly
Republican ish but sort of is anti Trump
ish so she's more of a she's sort of
leaving left at the moment for CNN I
don't know her whole story
commentator somebody says let's call her
a commentator if she did a very good
piece about how the Democrats are almost
not even trying to win
and I thought it was really well done
even with her her facial gestures so if
you get a chance to see that s SE Cupp
little video clip it's pretty short
which he goes through how the Democrats
are so incompetent the group of them
that it's almost as if not almost is
this it looks like not literally but it
you know just on the surface it looks
like they're trying to lose it's so bad
but it's a really good piece all right
see what else we got going on Kyle bass
investor Kyle bass who seems to be one
of the strongest voices against doing
business with China at all tweeted today
that apparently and he seems credible
enough that I believe this is true but
like everything that I hear I always go
at it with a little bit of skepticism
the claim is that the Chinese telecom
company has some nodes in America in
other words some American companies have
at some point bought Chinese technology
for switches or routers or whatever and
put it in put it in the network in the
United States proper but that that has
allowed China to look at our traffic now
I don't know is that true
apparently some of the traffic is being
routed from the United States to China
so they can look at it if they wanna if
that's true and Kyle Bass is saying that
we have to like take that equipment out
of the country if if it's even a little
bit true that the Chinese equipment
might be sending our our private traffic
over to China so they can take a look at
it we have to change that tomorrow
that's not even the next week anything
is it isn't that sort of you've got to
go to those telecom companies the
President of the United States or
whatever agency needs to say you've got
it you've got to tell your customers
that there
that their traffic is not private from
China and you've got to get rid of that
so yesterday I was talking to a
international business person so I'll
tell this story without the details
because the international business
person is listening to this is going to
be having the simultaneous up on his
commute so without naming names somebody
told me that he recently went to China
and and the result of a short business
trip to China is that his laptop was so
infected with with presumably you know
hacks from official or unofficial
Chinese sources that his tech people are
telling him to grind it up it is so
infected and so dangerous to even go
into China and use their Wi-Fi in a
hotel that his his laptop is almost
unfixable corrupted by spyware so that
he's actually gonna have to take it out
and like you know run out run it through
a shredder or something so just think
about that think about China is so
unreliable as a as a business partner
you can't even visit think about the
fact you can't even visit the country
unless you have either no technology or
you get a some kind of a VPN or
something I think if you have a VPN
you're in good shape all right Andrew
Yang's making news with a little public
dust-up with a comedian whose last name
is Gilles who apparently is going to be
a new member of Saturday Night Live
starting the season and of course the
moment he was announced to get the job
somebody dug into his past and found
some racially offensive things he said
allegedly in the service of humor that's
the debatable part and so what he said
what Gilles said was it looked like some
kind of a podcast II situation he was
talking with another person
and he used the the the asian n-word it
starts with a c alright I'm not even
used to work so if you're if you're
asian-american and somebody uses a
slurry you the starts with the letter C
you probably know what I'm talking about
ch let's make it easier starts with the
words CH third word is I third letter is
I just in case you're not getting there
quickly enough so I'm not going to say
the word because I find that quite
offensive and I mean offensive on behalf
of other people nothing offends me
personally but I I would be supportive
of other people being offended when they
heard that word so he uses that word and
of course it becomes you know social
media starts spreading around and then
Andrew yang weighs in and he said to do
oh he he basically he gave a soft rebuke
so he he andrew yang basically because
he said you know something was soft but
sort of you know pushing back a little
bit doesn't matter the exact words he
said he'd be happy to talk to him about
it so he said he'd be happy to sit down
and and talk to Gilles about it
and then of course there were calls for
Gilles to be fired for being a racist
and then yang Wei didn't again and
here's the interesting part of the story
all right yang weighs in with the second
tweet and he said quote we would benefit
from being more forgiving rather than
punitive meaning that punitive punitive
punitive isn't worth punitive let's say
so here's so here's the summary Gillis
says something that's offensive to
asian-americans and anybody from has the
Asian background and yang pushes back
but softly there's a call for Gilles
lose his job and then yang comes in and
says now maybe we'd benefit from being
more forgiving rather than punitive I
love that
honestly that
in my mind the front-runner on the
Democrat side he's like the only person
who seems to understand Otto
consistently he seems the only one who
understands how incentives work have you
noticed that now you could argue that
with the ubi he's giving incentives
wrong because hey why would you pay
people to not work but I think he's just
ahead of the curve on that meaning that
we're not going to have an option about
paying people directly once the robots
take the job so it's not so much that
yang doesn't understand that paying
people to not work can have effect on
their incentives of course he
understands that but that we might not
have a choice which is actually a pretty
forward-thinking thing to say so
my view on Yang of course is forming
over time and you know at this point I
still don't see him as a threat to get
the nomination but based on this on this
one interaction alone for yang to say
publicly I think maybe we should ease up
on some of this stuff from a Democrat
now any Republican would have sent this
right yeah don't you imagine it would
have been easy for endemic in say a
let's let's ease off on the political
correctness but this wasn't even the
case of political correctness per se it
looked like it was the real deal and for
yang to go soft on that and to recommend
that maybe we should think in those
terms is a real gamechanger I think and
I think it's like an important it's an
important addition to the public
conversation so I would like to thank
you Andrew yang for doing the public
service so without even being elected I
would say this is a valuable literally a
valuable public service that he would
introduce this more productive way of
thinking I would call it so this is
productive thinking now I can't tell
this story without giving my complaints
about Yang being a little racist himself
now when I say yang is racing
I'm using the term to talk about the the
impact of someone's actions not their
inner thoughts I do not believe yang is
a racist in his inner mind I don't think
Biden is I don't think Trump is I don't
think people at that level or actual
racist internally but it is certainly
true that the impact of your decisions
can you know the impact of your
statements that your choice of words can
make people feel bad can have racial
consequences etc so that parts all true
but I don't think Yang's inner thoughts
are racist so two problems I have with
that one you saw the debates he joked
yang did he said quote I'm Asian so I
know a lot of doctors it's kind of
racist isn't it now again I'm not saying
in his mind he's racist he's just making
a joke and I would follow his own advice
that maybe we should benefit from being
more forgiving than Putin's punitive all
right so I don't think that yang should
be punished for a joke but here's the
thing he should be a little bit more
aware of and I think this is always
worth noting it's a stereotype that's
positive and so he's probably thinking
that's just a positive stereotype and
I'm talking about my own people I'm safe
right but what would you feel like if
you're not Asian if you're not
asian-american in particular how would
you take that comment it feels a little
like my people are better than your
people doesn't it is that is that sort
of that the vibe you get from that
because since being a doctor is
considered a respectable thing that only
smart hard-working people can accomplish
saying that his group is that the group
has a lot of smart hard-working people
sort of begs the question what do you
think Andrew yang of the other groups
who don't have as many doctors right so
again I will take Andrew Yang's
leadership on this topic and I'm not
going to suggest that you or anybody
else should have a negative
piñon for him for what I think was maybe
a small blind spot about how that sounds
when he says it now I don't I don't
request an apology not needed I don't I
don't even request in a clarification
but it would be useful to him to know
how that sounds to everybody all right
it's just a useful useful feedback the
other thing he said and I don't remember
the exact details but there was a while
ago
early in the process the yang made a
comment that the the rhetoric in this
country was heating up to the point
where it might be unsafe to be an Asian
American in this country specifically
chinese-american because the magda
people the Republicans were going hard
at China the country and some of that
might spill back onto Americans we have
you know some kind of Chinese connection
Chinese background now he's not wrong
that that's a risk but that too feels
somebody says be a freakin man Scott
well that's a block if you had a point
instead of saying be a freakin man Scott
I would listen to that point but if you
have nothing but personal insults you
are not welcome here
goodbye so oh so you're saying that
basically the the conservatives and the
Republicans might be coming for the
Chinese Americans because they would get
all whipped up about China the country
and maybe some of that would spill over
I took that as a little bit racist
because not against me but it was a
little bit racist because it kind of
assumed there was something about the
group presumably the mostly white
Republican types were Trump supporters
and that they were somehow a little
extra dangerous to the group he would
identify with
I feel like that's a little unfair it's
a little unfair
now again Andrew Yang's not a racist
none of the Democrats our Trump is not
in their hands they're not but you can
say and do things that people go and to
me that was a little little flag that I
said mm that doesn't sound quite as
open-minded as I would like so that's my
little advice to Andrew yang he's you
know I'm in favor of jokes and I'm in
favor of being accurate and his his
description of the risk I think was
accurate but it doesn't sound right you
know maybe word that a little bit
differently somehow anyway the the net
of this is I think thought was very
productive so thank you to Andrew yang
for being a leader in a similar way that
President Trump is with is railing
against political correctness and of
course the way Trump does it is
completely different than weighing
Andrew yang is doing it but they're
doing the same thing I mean Trump's
message is let's not get caught up in
the little stuff right let's let's just
think past this we're all Americans we
don't have to be at each other so here's
an update on the Houthis I'll take your
your advice on pronunciation I used to
think it was the who teased the ethnic
group in Yemen that is alleged to be not
alleged but they're aligned with Iran
they're supported by Iran and they did
an attack with drones on an oil
production facility in Saudi Arabians
senator blaze here's the update of that
story is it Houthis who these whatever
it is somebody smart made the fault on
Twitter I wish I knew who was made the
following observation that if the
Houthis were really trying to hurt Saudi
Arabia they would have gone after the
desalinization plants
which apparently would be equally
attackable but if you attack the
desalinization you would really mess
with the whole country whereas if you
attack an oil resource well it's sort of
the people who own that oil facility as
a little inconvenient it didn't even
change the parallel I don't even think
it changed the price of oil worldwide it
was any inconvenience but if you attack
the desalinization plants you would you
would really be delivering a pretty
devastating blow to Saudi Arabia and
they would survive I mean they have
money they can ship in water they can
figure it out but that would be a real
attack now ask yourself do the Houthis
know that well probably if they were
smart enough to put together a whole of
drone swarm attack against an oil
refinery from a separate country with
Iran's help of course they know well of
course they know that the better target
equally valid would have been the water
the water facilities why do you think
they didn't attack the water facilities
why do you think that here's my
speculation that people who are trying
to influence a political outcome don't
want to push the other side too far how
would you feel if let's say you know the
Hootie's Houthis attacked the oil field
let's say you hear the Saudi Arabia went
in and wiped them all out just just went
in hard and just just decimated the not
decimated but worse you know they let's
say there was seven times a decimation
they just like laid waste to the entire
ethnic community and just you know bomb
cities and took them out you would say
that's an overreaction right and Saudi
Arabia would be in a lot of trouble
internationally it would hurt them they
couldn't go that brutal as brutal as
they are and you have to assume is
plenty brutal already
but they couldn't just go wipe out the
houthis like the the world community
wouldn't allow that to happen if it's
the only thing that the houthis done
that attacked it in oil production
facility but what if they took out what
if they who needs took out their water
I'm just speaking for myself now if I
heard that somebody took out the water
in my country I would support complete
eradication now that's too strong a
statement not complete eradication I
would I would literally turn around and
I would never need I would never read
another news story about what our
military was doing to that other entity
I would lose all empathy completely to
me it would be a similar to a nuclear
attack I I would support so this is just
a sort of a psychological you know
thought experiment if you're a Saudi and
you hear somebody attack your oil
refinery you're mad you want to do
something you want to have a response
but it's gonna be a proportion if you
hear they took out your desalinization
plants you take over Yemen wouldn't you
you would actually just invade Yemen you
would lock up all the people who who
could find a drone anyway I mean you
would go pretty barbaric on that so I
think that's why the the better targets
are held off because they're the route
the response would be too strong which
is a weird kind of a war isn't it a war
where you're trying to not hurt the
other two as badly as you could it's
sort of a modern thing so there's
another story in the news about Brett
Kavanaugh I'm not even gonna repeat it
at some allegation of high school and
propriety with blah blah it doesn't even
matter like do you believe it anyway I
mean is so uncredible so and by the way
I remind you when I say something's not
it just means there's no reason to
believe it doesn't mean something didn't
happen or did happen just there's no
reason to believe it
so all this this Cavanagh stuff feels
like the stainless told repeats so think
of the some of those stories that the
Democrats are pushing and this gets to
SE caps commentary that the Democrats
are just so pathetic right now it's
starting to get sad so if they're
talking about Brett Kavanaugh still and
and made-up stories that are obviously
not going to have an impact they're
obviously not going to last they're
obviously not going to derail them
because they're so old and they're you
know hard to demonstrate anything
they're still talking about impeachment
and stormy Daniels are you freaking
kidding me
still that's what Democrats feel like is
a priority do they see anything else
worth working on Cavanaugh Cavanaugh and
stormy Daniels they're still talking
about Andrusha collusion still talking
about are you kidding me they've they've
completely given up at this point it
feels like they're not even working on
task it feels like busywork that's what
it is busy work
have you ever worked in a big company
and it feels like you're your boss
didn't have enough for you to do so they
just gave you a busy work okay I count
these ceiling tiles and get back to me
it feels like the Democrats can't figure
out anything useful to do like actually
literally can't figure out anything
useful to do but they have to do
something because they're getting paid
to do things so if you don't have
anything useful to do and you're getting
paid and people are watching and you got
to do something you do busy work and
this Kavanagh stuff and then Pietschmann
stuff and stormy Daniels stuff it feels
like busy work doesn't it old dad's
there was an article I tweeted around
from hearts pirates the
the publication's Israeli publication
you've probably seen in Haaretz I don't
know how to pronounce it but there was
an article in there about me it turned
out there somebody was writing that
Netanyahu is quote a master wizard who
has learned from Trump to take all the
attention from the news cycle so that
his opponents no matter what they're
saying it doesn't matter because
nobody's listening to him
so apparently Netanyahu is effectively
absorbing the news cycle with little
controversies and and Trump like
statements that just make you spit in
your head and then you can't think about
anything else you've got to talk about
what Netanyahu wants you to talk about
and in that article they they cited me
so you know I sit here and my like I'm
literally sitting here by my little
office here in California and I talked
to you on periscope and I write my
little books and tweet and stuff and the
next thing I know I'm part of the
national discussion in Israel about the
talents of the prime minister there's no
story there I just thought I'd mentioned
that I guess I was a humble brag but
congressman Matt Gaetz had a tweet in
which he was suggesting Eric Prince for
national security adviser if you don't
know who Eric Prince's you should google
his name because it's a it's a really
interesting recommendation it's Eric
with a K last name Prince I'm gonna try
to get him on the podcast because I
think he would be one of the most
interesting people in the world so I've
got that I'm working on that we'll see
if that happens and that is all I have
for today Scott do you realize that in
California there is a bill to mandate
adult vaccines let me give you my
opinion on vaccines I haven't looked
into it and I feel like I don't want to
offer
and opinion on it here's why so the
vaccine thing is a lot in in some ways
it's a lot like climate change it is
somebody says Shiva knows yeah so dr.
Shiva actually just sent me sent me a
tweet of his and I'm not going to
retweet it I don't know if you're if
you're watching dr. Shiva
but the reason not going to tweet it is
because I'm not informed and I don't
feel that I could become informed in
other words if I thought I could just go
do my own research if I thought I could
do my own research and come to a good
decision I suppose I do that but I don't
think that I could dig into it on any
level and learn enough beyond the fact
that most scientists say is safe now my
understanding is that president Trump's
take on this is that it's not so much
the individual vaccines that are the
problem
but the dose schedule so it's an old
tweet from Trump I saw recently 2014 or
something in which you were saying that
you're dealing with you know a little
baby or child or whatever and that if
you give them all the vaccines at once
that might be a lot for their body to
process and so that introduces a risk
that the wait for it has never been
tested if you test vaccines individually
which I assume is the common way to do
it you can tell if that vaccine
individually is good or bad or what the
risk is at least you can get close to
knowing that if you test 20 different
vaccines you can know that all 20 of
those if given in isolation is safe but
where did you test all 20 of them given
together where did you test any any
combination of them given together
here's one of those situations where
Trump the non scientist is just asking a
fairly basic question have you tested it
see where I'm going with this
Trump is asked
why are we giving untested medicine to
kids now you're saying you're suddenly
this tested that's the whole point
FDA go through the approval there's no
vaccine the kid is getting in this
country that hasn't been tested wrong
that's just not true because it's only
been tested in one context and that
context is not the one it's used in so
we only tested it in the context and
which is not used which is just by
itself the context is in combination
so are there scientists who will say
Scott Scott Scott what you don't
understand is that we do know how things
interact well enough that we can tell if
you take an aspirin and vitamin C I'm
just making this part up we know that's
not going to be a problem and probably
for a lot of things I'm guessing that
would be true I'll bet they know that if
you eat you know if you eat some
broccoli today and you know take an
antibiotic tomorrow they probably know
that's not going to do anything to you
because broccoli is good they've tested
the antibiotic but they haven't tested
the combinations and and to the extents
that some of these vaccines have common
elements so there might being you know
something in the mix of each one there
might be common to one or more have you
doubled the amount of just that one
component simply because you gave it all
at the same time now that's why I do not
have an informed opinion if a scientist
said to me Scott Scott it's a good
question but we do have a good handle on
that and and we have also tested how the
vaccines perform as a group so we have
plenty of testing that even when they're
given as a group works out fine maybe so
I just don't feel that I'm qualified for
this conversation and I don't know that
I could get there and so I don't feel
that I can add something of value except
maybe describing the way you hadn't
heard before so that's so that's that
and that is I think the last thing I
wanted to talk about today
somebody says vaping was safe - well the
vaping problems seem to be related to
illegal non you know I guess
black-market devices somebody says don't
drink drink alcohol and take tylenol
well I don't know about any of that
stuff and by the way this is why I I
made a big point about lifestyle medical
records wouldn't you love to know that
all the people who have done the things
similar to whatever you're doing like
what their outcome was because you know
you might say well because even vaccines
you could find out I'm just gonna give
you a hypothetical let's say all the
people who took the vaccines and had
later at some kind of a problem that may
or may not have been involved with the
vaccine itself what if all the people
who had problems were also let's say
drinkers of alcohol or they all had some
other common medical condition you could
find that if you had a database of
enough information you could say oh yes
there is a situation in which the
vaccines taken as a combination could be
dangerous and that is only in the case
where the person's lifestyle includes
this other I know dietary or lifestyle
or exposure or something be good to know
this I saw a number of people asking me
about Jack Dorsey and we will he has
agreed to be on the on the new periscope
we're just trying to schedule as you
might imagine Jack Dorsey's kind of busy
running two gigantic companies so but he
has agreed to come on which is have to
fake Pickett on all right and I will
talked to you later