[Music]
I'm bumbum bumbum
hey everybody come on in it's another
early early coffee with Scott Adams I'm
in a different time zone Jordy you're
awake all the time
Brian how's it going Kevin it's good to
see all the regulars well come on in
here cuz you know it's coming I think
you do you know it's common it's a
little thing called the simultaneous zip
the best part of your day and you don't
need much to participate all you need is
a cup or a mug or glass stein chalice
canteen shot glass the vessel of any
kind fill it with your favorite liquid I
like coffee and join me now for the
unparalleled pleasure of the
simultaneous sip the thing that makes
everything better
ready go oh so good
somebody says on here I'm too drunk to
sleep well you came to the right place
my friend too drunk to sleep is exactly
where you want to be is there anybody on
here named bill anybody named it bill
because if you are you can just
screenshot this and you'll have an
autograph for your book yeah I just did
that just did that for somebody on
Twitter and maybe I'll do some more so
I'm still on my book tour guess how many
interviews I did yesterday
just yesterday take a guess what what I
can't hear you okay periscope doesn't
work that way
25 I did 25 interviews yesterday and do
you think I'm tired a little bit I got
more today today I will be if all goes
well these things change sometimes but I
should be on Dana prinos a show on Fox
News today depending on your time zone
you can find it and I'll be getting
ready to tape the Greg Gutfeld show so
I'll be on that that appears on Saturday
and then someday I'll be able to get
home
Oh some of your guesses are good I'm
seeing your delayed guesses here
somebody guessed 26 25 24 it good pretty
pretty good that's Larry David saying
but I stole it pretty pretty good
alright let's talk about some stuff you
ready
so apparently Bernie has released his
comprehensive immigration platform so
Bernie apparently does not want to be
the President of the United States every
once a while one of the Democrats will
do something where you say to yourself
huh
it looks like they're running to not be
President so mere days after the cartels
who open the border between Mexico and
the United States they gunned down women
and children in a convoy Americans and
right after that while still fresh in
the news it's still being reported on
Bernie releases his comprehensive
immigration of platform here are some of
the highlights he wants to dismantle ice
and CBP which means if you can get in I
guess you get to stay
you also decriminalized illegal
immigration might as well give it a shot
if if you thought maybe you couldn't get
in before well might as well give it a
shot there's no penalty
stop all deportations so even if you
came in yesterday and murdered somebody
you're good to stay except 50,000 quote
climate migrants in the first year and
much much more so are there really
climate migrants that we can identify is
it does science really say that it might
so I I don't want to be a science denier
here so I know science says climate
change is already changing things so so
in that much Bernie would be compatible
with science but is science so sure that
any particular area of the earth got
worse recently because of it they might
be it's possible the science issue or
what that feels like something science
couldn't be sure about it seems you know
it's a lot more believable if they say
well we think the average of the planet
is changing over time and we think we
know why that that feels like something
I can believe they would understand but
do they know do they know that Iowa is
getting hit especially hard but Nebraska
is fine isn't if you know I just don't
know that that's a real thing or at
least I don't know that science would go
as far as birdie is in identifying
specific places that the climate is
definitely definitely the culprit as
opposed to any other thing you know keep
in mind here's one thing I love to
remind people of it especially if
they're new to the climate topic when we
talk about rising sea levels one of the
big surprises if you haven't already
heard this is this sea level does not
rise everywhere
in the same way you think well how's
that possible if you drop something in
the water you know shouldn't it affect
all the water you know if you if you add
water to you know a gallon jug is there
anywhere on the surface of the water as
you're adding it where that where the
level is not going up so you say to
yourself that makes no sense how in the
world could the sea level go up in one
place and not go up in another well the
answer is that the temperature of the
ocean in that local area makes a big
difference so if it's extra warm let's
say on our well let's say it's extra
warm on the Atlantic side the volume of
the water would increase because it's
warm so you can have a situation where
the where the sea level goes up on one
coast
and your other coasts go down as if
there's something happening with the the
land land ocean situation so the land
itself can go up and down
somebody says could it be that the world
is tilted well the world the world is
tilted but I don't think science is
going to back you on the tilted world
hypothesis anyway so mere days after the
cartel is shown to be a lawless lawless
essentially a terrorist force on our
border Burnie decides to run for
president by saying Alice look just let
everybody in glad everybody in
essentially because if you decriminalize
and you don't deport and you don't build
any more barrier stuff you're basically
saying everybody can come in I'll drink
to that
I'll drink to that being Bernie's plan
I'm not drinking to doing that all right
if somebody says can I ask you something
I'm not gonna stop yeah you got a
comment go ahead and ask me something I
might not see it
so you see Elizabeth Warren with these
plans for her health care and taxing
that even the Democrats say that looks
like you're not even trying because
there's no way you can become president
with those policies and now and now
Bernie has joined has joined the crowd
of an explicit policy that isn't even
slightly not even slightly likely to get
him elected there's just no chance now
cobble Harris did a new little campaign
ad which I believe the total cost of her
ad was zero
she put $0 into it looks like somebody
just filmed her with a camera on the
tripod looking at a computer and
laughing and mocking clips of President
Trump Wow was it a bad look now I'm not
saying anything about what her
commentary was or what the president
said or whether it was worthy of
criticism or not it doesn't even matter
just the the mere fact that she ran a
campaign ad with her little headphones
on sitting in front of a laptop and just
making faces a hoo-hoo oh and that was
her campaign dad yeah and she said
ridiculously general things like he sold
out our values he sold out our values
let me do a little poll here calmly
Harris says that president Trump sold
out our values did did you feel any
change because I feel as though my
values pretty much the same Pete tripod
Westfeldt
but if it feels like my values are the
same
has anybody changed their values who
bought them who bought our values
somebody says yes come on art you have
to be the contrarian
so exactly what does that mean when when
Trump is no longer the president won't
the new president have a you know a set
of values it doesn't doesn't you mean
anything it's the best you can do is
somebody sold down our values and you
can't explain how that hurt anything
now does that mean we can negotiate with
China anymore well what does that mean
doesn't mean we can't travel overseas
did my taxes go up what what exactly
happened with my values now I certainly
I certainly understand that people can
disagree on specific policies but he
sold our soul down our values that just
doesn't mean anything
all right there's the rumors that Mike
Bloomberg is has not decided whether or
not he will get in the race so Mike
Bloomberg billionaire 77 years old
doesn't like soda which might not be
popular with most of the country they
like their soda so I was on Kennedy show
on Fox Business last night and I made a
prediction to Kennedy she asked me about
Bloomberg and I said there's no chance
at all the Bloomberg went into the race
he's 77 and if he's not sure by now it
means he's not going to be much more
sure in a week from now or a month from
now right in order to jump in the in the
race late spend a billion dollars you'd
have to really know that's what you
wanted to do if you've been the
ambivalent up to now does he really want
to be President so the entrance of
Bloomberg into the race would have the
effect
first of all adding another
another ancient white guy to the mix is
that what they need are the Democrats
saying you know yeah I'm trying to
imagine the meeting of Democrats you
know the Democratic Party let's say at
the meeting of the Democratic Party or
they're saying you know what we need we
need a really old white billionaire cuz
that if we put a really old white
billionaire on our ticket that's gonna
excite the base that gets the base out
what is anybody thinking so here's the
thing there you've heard the the old
joke from Groucho Marx I think somebody
said it came from somebody else before
Groucho but I'm not sure about that but
the saying is that I wouldn't want to
join a club that would have somebody
like me as a member yes a famous saying
and there's something like that with
Bloomberg well let me give it to you
this way if blue Berg did get into this
race now that would be proof he's not
qualified to be President am i right
because what could be what could be
better evidence of bad judgment than
Mike Bloomberg getting in the race now
no I think if he you know been in the
race from the beginning or he'd been in
the race when he was younger I thought
he was actually you know a pretty strong
reasonable you know middle ground kind
of candidate with a lot of lot of
talents but if he were to jump into the
race now that would prove he's not keen
on competent because it would be such a
such an obviously dumb decision and
couldn't possibly lead to something good
couldn't help the Democrats in any way
because he doesn't have a chance at
winning and he would be just urinating
all over the people who are already
there who put in the work he I don't
know what it would do to funding I guess
he would fund it himself so maybe that
wouldn't matter
oh did somebody on CNBC make the same
point that if he gets in the race it
proves he's not capable to be President
because it would be such a bad mistake I
don't know if anybody else said it the
way I said it all right you may remember
that in the past I have been skeptical
of the so-called Chinese killing of of
prisoners just for their organs to sell
them and the part that I was doubting in
particular I was not doubting that they
execute people and I was not doubting
that they used the the organs of the
executed prisoners so that part I
figured well that's probably true I mean
that doesn't even sound that
controversial because if you're going to
execute him
anyway you know it's China now why not
use the spare parts so that part was
completely believable because I was a
little skeptical this has attracted much
new information to me and one of the one
of the things I say in my book
Lu's I think is I say that if you want
to know how to do something right the
one of the fast ways to do it is to do
it wrong in public if you do something
wrong in public it attracts all this
good advice my god you did it wrong you
should have done it this way why didn't
you look at this link I would have done
it this way can I help you
so this is a perfect example so I gave
my opinion that it seemed ridiculous to
imagine that the Chinese were
systematically using the flung Falun
Gong or or the we Gers for spare parts
and killing them just for parts I mean
in other words they weren't going to die
anyway they were killing them just for
the parts and apparently you have to
keep the body alive after the brain is
dead in order to get a good transplant
so the the thought is that they were you
know shooting him in the brain or
killing them in some way that keeps the
the heart beating so that they can get
the organs and I said well that's crazy
there's no way they're doing that in
some large systematic way well say then
public attracted many sources of
information and I would like to
officially revise my opinion it looks
pretty clear that there is a widespread
Chinese program to eliminate the at
least the flu and God we don't know
about the Uighur yet but apparently they
are using them for parts and they are
telling them apparently there are lots
of reports where the guards are actually
telling the phlume gong that they're
going to use them for parts and they
even x-ray them and test their blood and
when they beat them when they beat them
which they do they torture them they
make sure that they don't hurt their
organs and they actually say that and
there are a number of reports from
people who are actually in the Chinese
jails now if we had a few reports I
would say I don't I don't believe a few
reports because there's always someone
who's willing to say that country did
some atrocity you can always get
somebody to say that any country did it
an atrocity so a few people I'm not
gonna buy that but apparently
statistically it's impossible to have
organs on demand
unless you're killing people on demand
yeah there's there's just no physical
mathematical practical way to have that
many organs and apparently you can go to
China and just get yourself a kidney
fresh off the corpse well as guess it's
not a corpse so I am now a convert I
revise my opinion it does seem that
China has gone
full nazi full Hitler so China is now I
would say equivalent you know this is
something that's really it's difficult
to say this in fact in fact I just said
the other day you should never say this
I'm gonna say something now that I just
said the other day in public one should
never say this and now I'm gonna say it
it's as bad as the Holocaust now what I
said the other day was one should never
compare anything to either the Holocaust
or to American slavery because there's
really they just standalone there's just
you know they're there it's kind of a
special kind of evil and comparing
anything to them tends to diminish them
because the thing you compare to them
tends to be smaller is this smaller do
you know how many saloon God there are
in China the Holocaust was what six
million they're gonna beat that number
they are going to beat that number
because they're way more following God
right if I'm saying it right somebody
give me a give me a number in there Wow
hold on a second I will Google this how
many flume Gong many how do you spell
that in China somebody will probably say
it in there say it in the comments let's
see other sources have estimated the
flume guard population in China to have
peaked between 10 and 70 million
practitioners it's between 10 and 70
million practitioners and China is using
them for parts
I think that's just a fact so you know
the thing I said the other day is like
well it's never gonna be anything like
the Holocaust so stop comparing things
to it if you just go by the numbers if
you just go by the numbers China's gonna
go for the record and that seems pretty
clear right now now the thing that blows
my mind about this is that the Falun
Gong thing which I don't fully
understand it's more like a practice
than a religion there's some kind of a
spiritual component to it but it's more
like a lifestyle self-improvement sort
of thing I don't quite understand has
something to do with you know exercises
that improve your energy or something
like that I'm gonna have to look into it
but apparently if you get picked up and
say for being a practitioner all you
really need to do is sign a document
that says you were announced it and then
you're good and the people who are
jailed and beaten don't want to sign the
document that says oh I renounce this
now if you were gonna be beaten and then
used for parts and all you had to do is
sign the document that says I I renounce
my yoga wouldn't you do it so there's
some part of this I don't quite
understand I don't see why people are so
insistent on dying for you know a
self-help process so clearly there's
something I don't understand about what
the falutin Gong people are getting at
in the whole thing all right I have to
give you an update yeah I know they're
they're treated as a cult
so maybe the idea is that there's so
many of them that they could be
organized or something I suppose but
they could still organize after they
signed the piece of paper you still
signed the piece of paper and then
just go off and do it in your home well
nobody's looking so I'm gonna give you
an update on a weird little story that
I'm not even sure I understand so some
time ago I often thought that now seemed
Talib who most of you have heard the
name was one of the smartest guys around
he wrote the Black Swan which is sort of
a you know a brain breaking idea and
totally accurate and good it was a huge
bestseller and these says other lots of
other smarter stuff but he and I had a
little disagreement online along with
some other people on Twitter and I ended
up just blocking him for being a dick
right so I didn't block him from being
wrong I just blocked him for being a
gigantic now I I'm pretty sure
even his friends would agree he has that
kind of personality and I think you
could ask his family you know I blocked
the scene for being a what are
you thinking that I I don't know if he
has siblings but I think they'd say oh I
did that too he is kind of a
I'm not even sure he would I I don't
even know if he would deny it he's he's
he's pretty out there and in his
jerkiness so it's just a preference
what's called it a lifestyle preference
to be sort of aggressive online and
unpleasant yeah I'm sure he knows it
because he's smart so here's the
disagreement that he and I got into and
I want to just run this by you to see if
I'm nuts there was I think it was the
question was climate change and this and
the set up was this that some data was
collected some projection models were
created and then the people who who did
the models went back and they said oh
we've got some errors in our data we
believe and we think we can correct it
this way and when they corrected it
they got a perv that was more in line
with what they expected and more aligned
with other people's models now several
people including Talib said oh you can't
do that you can't go back after you've
done your prediction and after you've
done your model you can't go back and
change the data so I said there's no
situation in which it's a bad idea to
turn your bad data into good data and
for that the Talib I thought it was
after I had blocked him but somebody
showed it to me Talib told this little
story about the shoe maker apparently
there's some parents some story of the
shoemaker who saw a famous master
paintings paint painting and tracked
down the master painter and the shoe
maker said you know that the part where
you have the shoe in your painting is
wrong yeah that a shoe doesn't quite
look like that and the master painter
listened to the shoemaker and looked at
the shoe he'd painted and said oh good
point
they changes the shoe and then the
shoemaker goes on and it starts noting
some other things that could be improved
it's like well this part of the painting
you know invade this tree or whatever
and then the master painter quipped and
this is the point of the story shoemaker
stick with shoe making so in other words
the master painting master paint we're
saying I'll listen to you when you're
talking about his shoes but that's sort
of where your expertise ends don't tell
me how to paint but I don't mind if you
tell me what a shoe looks like the point
of the story was that people like me who
are unqualified in statistical
scientific fields and of course I am
I'm completely unqualified should not
have an opinion that is respected when
talking to people who are experts if
we disagree we should just understand
that we're talking to experts and our
disagreement is unworthy that's not
really the problem the problem here was
I asked for an explanation of why it
makes sense to not correct data if you
know it's wrong now he couldn't explain
it he just sort of went ad hominem and
said idiots like basically in essence he
said idiots like me can't understand
this field and so I should stay out of
it now some other folks who are who I
know to be very smart and rational maybe
even some watching this periscope right
now people I've been following for a
while who when they weigh in on the
issue almost I was they weigh in with
good data and good reasoning and they
were backing Talib and I would say to
them the same thing how can it ever be a
mistake in science to fix bad data like
explain it to me and when they try to
explain it just comes out as weird word
salad that I read and I go doesn't even
seem like an explanation it's not even
something I can agree with or disagree
with it just doesn't make any sense
but here's the best I can the best I can
come up with is that what I was saying
if you know your data is bad and you
know what it should be
it can never be wrong to turn bad data
into good data here's what I think they
were trying to say but we're so bad at
communicating that they can never
actually say it I was I was trying to
prompt them to say it right cuz I
thought I knew maybe what they were
getting at but they were saying it
here's what I think so it's my best
guess of what the people were smarter
than me we're saying and it goes like
this you have some data you do your
model and the model doesn't give you
what you want if you go back and adjust
the data
you can get the model you want well
that's not science I agree with that I
completely agree with that that's not my
question the question was if you knew it
was wrong and you knew what was right
can it ever be a mistake to fix it and
so I just an hour ago I I gave this
example let's say you you had the
document from the original measurements
so you've got the actual let's say you
took a picture of the of the thermometer
this is just a hypothetical you took a
picture of it and it said the
temperatures 92 degrees then you check
the database that you use for your model
and you see that somebody put a typo in
there and they changed it to 29 they
just reversed it now you've got the
original so you know what the original
data was and you and you can see that it
was just transcribed wrong it's obvious
under that situation would it be
incorrect to change your database to
what you know is right it's obviously
just a typo I say there's no situation
in which that's a mistake
in science the people were arguing with
me we're changing the situation too
you've got some data that's maybe wrong
or maybe right and you replaced it with
other data that might be wrong and it
might be right but you don't really know
well of course that would be a mistake
you don't have to be a scientist to
understand that if you don't know you're
fixing the data it's a mistake but the
own example was that you know that you
know it's wrong all right now you could
argue any given situation whether you
knew in that case or not
I think the situations were things such
as there were some measuring stations
they had been and in the secluded areas
but then somebody built an airport next
to it which warms up everything because
the concrete so now you know that these
thermometers are running
compared to the other ones an area isn't
a mistake once you know for sure why
they're running hot that mean there's
not much doubt about it
is it a mistake to take them out of the
mix or to adjust them so that they're
compatible with the thermometers that
had not been affected doesn't look like
a mistake to me but a shoemaker stick to
shoes somebody mentioned some other
topics here did you all see the Don jr.
mix up on the view that was just sort of
fun I don't have much to say about it
but the fact that Joy Behar I think Don
jr. mentioned this that Joy Behar
actually has a photograph which he's
invented she even showed it on the view
or somebody showed it on the view of her
when she was thirty years old or
something
wearing a costume that she called a
beautiful African woman and you know
it's just hard to criticize anybody when
you've got that in your portfolio yeah
so to do they didn't ask about his book
Oh in the view well I just like the fact
that putting Don jr. on the view is sort
of like a cage fight where you you can't
look away actually I like I like putting
Don junior into any situation because
he's got the same gift that his father
does which is he doesn't know how to be
uninteresting
I don't think Don jr. could be boring
you know if if you gave him a if you
gave him a script and said I read this
and try to be boring I don't know if he
could pull it off yeah like his dad he's
just interesting all the time whether
you like him or not he's just always
interesting
so there was another issue so there's
there's some issue about what is that
the Ukrainian diplomat - might have
perjured herself because there's some
document that showed she knew something
bla bla bla how many people in the
United States are actually following
this whole ukraine letter situation not
many i try to you know i because i do
these periscopes and you know i'm gonna
be on news programs because of the book
i try to follow this topic but it's so
so complicated in a way that's not worth
you know it's complicated but it's not
worth understanding you know if it were
worth understanding i'd say alright put
a little effort into this okay who's
who's this player when did they do this
who lied who's gonna but it's not worth
it because in the end it's still going
to be the president was asking some
questions that the public wanted to know
- do you get impeached for that if
there's no crime and no crime is really
even alleged by anybody who knows what
they're talking about let's see I'm just
looking at your comments yes I will be
on Dana Perino show today but I can
never guarantee that because the way
things work is in that just FYI that the
TV business doesn't it doesn't register
time the way regular people do in TV
time five seconds is a long time and the
fact that I'm scheduled for any show
doesn't matter if it's Dana show or any
other show the fact that I'm scheduled
for a show that same day actually
doesn't mean much if it's the new show
just anything can change so it's I think
I've had several several
it's already rescheduled yes art I will
be on Michael Smerconish his show
Saturday mornings or I'm at least I'm
going into recorded I think it's running
live Saturday
I think it's live so Smerconish on CNN I
think he he puts the most effort I think
into making sure that different sides
are represented in a in a fairly you
know even way so I always respect
Smerconish for having someone like me on
his show because you know he has to know
his fans don't love it you know the
people watching CNN they cannot be
delighted to see me as a guest so that's
what I always appreciate the fact that
he invited me on this is the second time
I've been on and I think I do something
with radio with him once
I always appreciate it because I know he
does if were educating his audience and
not because they're gonna like it it's
you know and that's sort of rare Matt
Taibbi z' followers say he's turned to
the dark side well Matt is one of those
people who can see the whole field there
are many of them there's a vive affray
interview with mike sort of itch
somebody send me a link to that I would
definitely watch that yeah we talked
about the Comal harris video literally
the worst campaigner in the history of
the earth but let me say I don't think
there's any chance at this point the
commo Harris can get the nomination if I
had to bet today if I had to bet today
probably Budaj but the thing I can't
tell the thing I can't tell is if the
Democrats are serious about winning can
you because they don't act like a side
that wants to win do they they
literally don't act like they want to
win because they're not doing things
that obviously would be good to win now
I assume that people said the same thing
about Trump right because I didn't
understand his you know his method I
guess but it looks like they're not
trying to win this time it looks like
they're floating ideas may be moving the
public's opinion may be getting ready
for next time in some cases it doesn't
look like they're trying to win as a
party so I would say that Budaj edge is
the I think he's pulling forth and some
polls and the the three that are above
him just don't have any chance I think
but a judge could put up the best fight
you know yet he is the closest to
somebody who an independent could like
and let's be honest he might peel off
some gay Republicans there may be gay
Republicans who say you know I wouldn't
normally but wouldn't it be great to you
know have a gay president for a while so
and by the way I don't begrudge anybody
who thinks like that I don't begrudge
the black population of the United
States who said it's time for a black
president because it was kind of time
for a black president maybe it's time
for an LGBTQ president and I'd be happy
if we had one because it's the sort of
thing you'll have to do once right the
fact that Obama existed doesn't make it
some kind of necessity that the next
president is also black or also anything
else you we've shown that that's a
perfectly practical thing that the print
that the country the country can be okay
with and not just okay I mean you won
pretty comfortably likewise it would be
good to you know get a few other
categories done yeah yeah it would be
great great to finally have a woman
president great
gay president great Avenue spamming
president etc etc didn't mean to leave
anybody else alright somebody says the
Democrats could win if they promise to
do everything that Trump promised but be
nicer about it true it's true if you had
a Democrat who said yeah I'm gonna be
tough on China too and you know I'll
talk to Kim Jong and I won't change your
taxes and well we want we want health
care but we'll do it by you know
lowering costs or something yeah that'd
be pretty strong if somebody says that
no making sure that you've had
presidents who represent the people in
the country without leaving anybody out
I think it's closer to our national
identity than it is to affirmative
action
I wouldn't label an affirmative action I
would say it's more it would be more a
direct expression of what the United
States is not just demographically but
who we are is a country that can do that
it's almost like showing off we're a
country who can do that you know we you
can come to this country and as long as
you obey the laws and you know you think
the Constitution is a pretty good deal
you could be President
everything else doesn't matter that's
that's what makes that's what makes the
United States the United States and not
something else did you hear about
Rogen's interview with the guy who posed
as a drug dealer and went to China oh
thank you for reminding me so I haven't
watched the interview but I can already
if there are some things you don't have
to watch to know what it's going to say
you also the news that some fentanyl
dealers were sentenced to death or life
imprisonment there were nine of them in
China now smart people are saying it
doesn't mean anything it's just window
dressing they tryna will still send us
just as much fentanyl if not more but
they'll pretend they jailed some people
so they can get a trade deal
what do you think do you think China
decided oh yeah we're gonna stop that
fentanyl or do you think China said
let's let's act like we did something
and just check that box so we can get a
trade deal and then we'll just go back
to doing what we were doing which one do
you think it is duh
so I forget the name of the guy who was
the top fentanyl dealer but the United
States has identified them you know
officially identified him in documents
as the guy who was the biggest fentanyl
dealer and I don't think it was that guy
they got taken down now it could be the
big the ones who are taken down was
based on the United States putting
together a case against these people and
then China followed up and I guess maybe
work with the United States and got the
conviction so it could be that the the
top fentanyl guy just didn't leave
enough fingerprints so maybe maybe we're
building a case or can't build a case or
something but here's the thing China
knows who this guy is and it's China if
they want to stop fentanyl they stopped
that guy they know where he lives they
know his name they know he's the top
fentanyl dealer in their country if he's
still if he's still walking around
China's not doing anything about fence
and all right so that's my current
opinion is too little too late
and I say no trade deal I do not support
a trade deal I don't care how close we
get the fence a little stuff it's not
real and my book done Bill Maher I am
NOT first interview today is with the
Babylon be oh I bet I'm doing an AMA on
reddit so that's coming up today I've
got to get ready for the
things what time is it oh yeah I've got
to go get ready for first interview so
do you follow the babylon babylon be
sort of a satire sort of like the young
and accept political stuff it's the it's
really the funniest thing on the
internet so i followed them and retweet
them quite often so they got their
attention and they want to talk to me
for their podcast but anyway i'm doing
an ama today and see the this is the
they make you sold up a little sign to
make sure that you're a real person when
you do an AMA on reddit so this is a
little sign I held up these times are
Eastern time so adjust accordingly
Eastern Standard Time today so if you're
on reddit you can come to ask me some
questions and I'll be sitting right here
where I am right now typing my answers
all right I'll say looking at your
comments don't know if I'm booked for
Adam Carolla I might be I know that we
were trying to do that I've got an LA
trip this coming week so I'll do LA
periscope the AMAs yeah maybe I don't
know that would be boring to watch so
the only now the only CNN oh is speaking
of Jake Tapper so somebody asked me
about Jake Tapper I'm not appearing on
his program but the the auction for the
art that I wrote and Jake Tapper drew as
a guest cartoonist is going on auction
now at homes for our troops so if you
just Google homes for our troops you'll
see somewhere on the page information
and how to be part of the part of that
so there they're framed I framed them
myself meaning I carried them to the
store had somebody framed them carried
them back mailed them
so they're signed by me they're signed
by Jake and they're nice framed that
shows the original the original art
that's part of it and then the the art
that actually ended up in the newspaper
so you can see the the difference
it's called homes for our troops if you
just google the whole phrase their
website will pop right up homes for our
troops so as far as the veterans of
course what they do is they build they
build they find housing for the most
badly disabled veterans so very worthy
group it's one that Jake always supports
and we've done this before now Christina
Christina and I will not be appearing on
the view okay all right that's all for
now and I'm gonna go get ready for my
all my interviews today and I'll talk to
you all tomorrow