hey everybody come on in it's time for a
coffee with Scott Adams hey and I'm
Scott Adamson you're coming in for
coffee or possibly your favorite
beverage it doesn't matter what beverage
we'll talk about that at the moment it's
all good news this week no bad news
happening no bad thoughts no negativity
mm-hmm
what a wonderful wonderful weakness and
you know what makes it better I think
you do
because that's why you're here you're
here for this simultaneous lip and all
you need is a cup or a mug or glass a
tankard Callister style a canteen junker
flask a vessel of any kind fill it with
your favorite liquid I like coffee and
join me now for the unparalleled
pleasure though dopamine's you know the
day the thing makes everything better
the sun'll team you set go yeah just as
good as I thought never disappoints so
let me start off by saying uh I don't
know how your week is going but I've had
one of the best weeks my whole life
honestly one of the best weeks of my
whole life
number one it's the end of the year and
a lot of people are just sending nice
messages so I'm hearing from people
who've just enjoyed interacting during
the year but hearing from a lot of
people who say that something I said in
my periscope or something that I read
one of my books had changed their lives
so all week I'm listening to people say
thanks to you I lost weight I got a job
I got a raise I started a new career and
I'm just being sort of bathed in good
feelings at the same time I've noticed
that all of what I would call the bad
trolls on Twitter I'm not talking about
people would disagree with you get into
an exchange I'm talking about the ones
were just
you know the the f you would leave kind
they all left for vacation and I thought
to myself there they have you notices by
the way if you look online the quality
of the interactions are far less because
people are on vacation but it looks like
a hundred percent of the good people
stayed around and they're just tweeting
a little bit less but all of the people
who look like I always suspected they
were paid trolls
you know actually working on the clock
they're all gone so what does it tell
you that all of the patrons the ones I
suspected were paid they're all gone
there's there's none of them on the
internet right now but the good people
are still here so it kind of tells you
how not real a lot of the the trolling
was because they still have computers
they still have Wi-Fi they still have
plenty of time on their hands nothing
changed for the trolls unless they're
getting paid and they're not getting
paid this week coincidence I know it
could be could be some other explanation
but I can't see one but even more fun I
got engaged this week so christina is
now officially my fiancee and I gotta
say I didn't know how different it would
feel until after I asked and she said
yes it feels completely different it
just feels completely different I have
to say so I may tell you more about that
at some point I know that you're gonna
want to ask you think you're gonna
wonder how I asked her and the answer is
I put the ring in a in a box of C's
chocolate so that she discovered it and
a good time was had by all
so um I've never felt better I don't
think that's probably the best week ever
read my life or one of them so thank you
for thank you for being a big part of
that because your all your all your
actually a huge part of that every one
of you because you know this this
interaction that I do
with you in the extended interaction on
the intranet and Twitter and stuff I
don't really do it for the money it's
not about the money there's there's
definitely a deeper meaning deeper
purpose and I'm glad you're all part of
it so let's talk about some more good
news I tweeted about this but I just
want to mention it again because it's I
just throw it in the list with my good
news in 2006
ish I lost my voice most of you know
this story to something called his
spasmodic dysphonia which meant that I
could make noise and in my mouth but I
couldn't form proper consonants and
sentences without my vocal cords
clenching and making it incomprehensible
so I was told that that was a permanent
problem and that there was no cure and
therefore the rest of my life I would
not be able to have a conversation in a
normal way wouldn't be able to talk on
the phone for the rest of my life so
that was what the diagnosis was I
however do not like being told that I
can't do something and so as has been my
lifelong habit I started something
called affirmations which is when you
repeat to yourself or you write down 15
times a day something in particular some
some goal that you want now I also
warned against goals so I like to keep
the the goals either general if it's
something like money so you can make as
much as you want you don't want to be
too specific about that but if it's
something as specific as you've got a
specific health problem well then be
specific you want your specific health
problem to be specifically fixed so for
three years every time I drove my car by
myself which was a lot you know I'd be
driving around locally going to the gym
or whatever I would repeat aloud even
though I couldn't form actual clear
sentences I would repeat aloud i scott
adams will speak perfectly now what's
interesting about this affirmation is
that I never spoke perfectly before I
had the medical problem I had that
approximate you know kind of a bad
nasally voice and obviously still not
perfect but I repeated that for years
and eventually I did find a rare
surgical fairly new procedure that fixed
it and then it took years to rehab it
after after it was surgically fixed it
took years of practice to get it up to
actual usable strength where I'm going
with this is that yesterday my audio
book the audiobook version of loser
think the book my latest book is sitting
at number one in this category and it's
the audiobook that I produced so not
only did I get my voice back from an
incurable problem but I've also helped a
lot of other people get cured of the
same problem because I'm part of the
outreach you know I I make sure that I
use the spasmodic dysphonia words in my
tweets every now and then so people can
find me find how I solved it and then
they can find their way to the same
solution so I've probably I don't know I
may have cured personally just by
connecting people to the very very hard
to find solution
I may have cured I don't know 50 people
a hundred I don't know but I do hear
from a lot of people who heard about it
from me and I've gone through with some
kind of surgery so I just want to say
there are very few things that feel
better than knowing that years ago you
were you were chanting a specific
literally impossible seeming goal in
your car all alone it's the loneliest
process in the world and I don't think
there was one point that I thought I
wasn't going to do this I don't think
there was ever a point I thought I would
fail to get my voice back even though
there was no way to do it so here we are
I've got a periscope that three point
three thousand people are watching
probably a hundred thousand people watch
this and replay eventually and I'm doing
all of this when I started with
not being able to talk but I am one
stubborn mofo is it if there's one thing
you could take away from me you know one
thing that you in my own this is my own
opinion of myself the the one thing that
defines me
is I don't like to lose and I don't like
to be told I can't do something and it's
motivating as all hell and even when
it's like really really bad stuff like
the voice problem was I just get more
motivated so that's just me anyway
here's what to look for in the coming
year
as if you've been watching these
periscopes and watching me for a while
you probably know that I can be
influential I write about influence I'm
a trained hypnotist etc and many of you
have noticed this some of the things I
talk about seep into the common
consciousness maybe directly maybe it's
coincidence maybe it's confirmation bias
it's always hard to tell but we're going
to continue our ongoing process of
influencing the world yeah in positive
ways so I want to tell you what
influence I'm going to focus on for 2020
so that you can watch how things look
today you know just take a mental
snapshot and then do it again at the end
of 2020 and ask yourself if the things
that I tried to influence look like
they're different now that doesn't mean
I'm the one who influenced them but it's
fun so so you can follow along so here
are the things I would like to
accomplish in a perfect world I would
like to see Democrats and Republicans
agree on this that a hundred percent
health care coverage whether let's call
that insurance or just health care is a
goal and I think that the the
Republicans fail big-time in their
persuasion on health care they really
fail big by not saying it is also our
goal to cover on
percent of the people we want to do it a
different way now explain what that is
because I don't think the case has been
made and if you're not going to make the
case Republicans that you do want to
cover a hundred percent of the people in
this country you just can't take a moral
high position
you just can't you're just going to have
to admit that the democrats are better
at this more more morally bounded more
biblically bounded in every way they
have an advantage and if you want to
give them the advantage go ahead but
it's gonna cost right it's gonna cost in
congress it's gonna cost those to the
presidency so what i'd like to see is a
republican full-throated statement that
you want to get to a hundred percent
coverage maybe maybe you say it at the
same time you say you don't know how to
do it because here's the second part the
second part is i would love to see the
commitment to get there followed by
here's the good part
you ready the good part is a public
debate about how to get there not a
political debate not a debate of pundit
against pundit lobbyists against
politician politician against politician
don't care none of that is gonna fix
anything we've done that to death here's
what we need in my perfect world
president Trump would say something like
this a Democrats there's one place we
agree on everybody needs health care we
don't know how to get there you've got
several plans just within the Democrat
side Republicans have lots of ideas too
let's have a national debate a national
debate where you know actual experts and
individuals could propose ideas and
debate it out in some very transparent
way without the politicians like just
let's just let the experts battle it out
make it a show turn it into
entertainment turn it into a website
turn it into a contest turned it into
something that makes more attention and
then if you can give some kind of a
national consensus on the best approach
and you probably can't maybe you can get
it down to the top three
but you should let the public do what
the government apparently cannot do and
the reason the government cannot do this
is that as soon as the politicians get
involved you have no first problem they
don't know enough politicians are not
the experts on health care and you
really need smart people to know enough
about that area it's just not it's just
not a realm for politicians they
wouldn't know how to handle it and then
you add on top of that the political
pressures on them and then you you know
the lobbyists and the money and and you
have a mechanism a system if you will
they can't work so remember I talked
about the Golden Age which we're
entering being a time when we don't have
shortages of anything we have systems
that aren't perfect and as we fix our
systems then everybody's going to get
enough of everything so the system
that's broken with healthcare is not
here's the trick it's not the health
care system that's broken although
that's also broken what's broken is our
decision-making process and because
health care is so complicated and so
much money involved it breaks our
government our government was not
designed to handle this kind of question
it's too big and there are too many
people with too much money trying to
influence it the government's the wrong
tool so you need a new tool and as it
happens we don't have to invent it so
much we just have to use the tools we
have a new system if you will and that
system is to get the government now I'm
sorry to get the public directly
involved and educated enough so that
they can form some preferences based on
what the experts put together maybe
let's say three good packages and and
each of them subject to further tweaking
but I think we should have a system
where both the Congress and the United
States wait for the good part here it
comes in which the Congress and the
United States commit in advance to two
things having a full year of public
public public debate on health care
public public public meaning the public
not the politicians behind closed doors
not the lobbyists the public that's the
important part regular people just
experts citizens people who care and try
to get them over the next year to come
up with their three best plans it could
be two Democrat plans One Republic it
doesn't it doesn't matter but just this
very best and then commit in advance the
Congress and the president to be let's
say you don't want to over commit
because you could get three bad plans
but that they would commit to trying to
get the top one whatever is the top most
popular one legislated so once the
public decides then we hand it over to
the government and say check it for two
things one to make sure it's you know
all legal
you know you've you've just done the
little work the legal work to make sure
that you've you've got something you can
execute and it's practical and all that
but also to make sure that the majority
did not steamroll the minority right
that's one of the main purposes of
government is to make sure that just
because something got the most votes
it's now some discriminatory horrible
things so you need a you need a a a
parental check if you will on whatever
the public does but I'd love to see the
government commit to letting the public
work it out and then the government
being a supporting role instead of the
leading role because they can't be the
leading role that just won't work
alright so the first thing I'd like to
see in 2020 is a revised decision-making
process all right it might not look
exactly like I described it but look in
2020 for something that's a smarter way
to decide and let the public get
involved that's the health care goal in
a perfect world we'd see somebody
suggesting various tests where they
could test different things let's talk
about the homeless situation as you know
the probably the most productive voice
on the homeless situation right now is
dr. Drew and one of the big questions it
really focuses on
this question I think the question of
involuntarily taking people off the
streets
if they need drug or mental health some
kind of counseling or support now the
problem is that people are free well and
if they say I do not want to go into
your support program they don't have to
and then they die on the streets and
they make things worse for other people
as well so the the big decision that
needs to be made is how if at all can
authorities be helpful in sort of
forcing people to do what's good for
those people so that conversation is
going to get really loud in 2020 so I'm
gonna help help push that one and you
won't know here's what we mostly need to
fix the homeless problem you ready I'm
going to tell you something you've never
heard so as men as long as you've been
hearing about the homeless problem and
now you're a little bit smarter because
you know it's not about homes it's not
even about the cost of the homes for the
homeless it's about their drug problems
and their addictions
I'm sorry their addictions and their
mental problems primarily so here's
another thing that you've never heard
all right the the reason we can't solve
it is that we don't have project
managers that's the thing that's missing
here's what I mean do we have enough
billionaires and/or government funding
to test some different solutions for the
so-called homeless problem that really
is a really a people problem and the
answer is we do we do have we have
billionaires who are literally saying I
got billions of dollars if you can give
me one good idea I'll give you some
money to test it that's easy
believe it or not the money part and
remember that's that's the mark of the
Golden Age we don't have a resource
George what we have is a system problem
and the system is lacking a project
manager I'm using a project manager very
loose
for somebody who can who can put
together a plan maybe it's a plan
informed by dr. Drew's ideas maybe it's
a plan informed by in locally here
there's a Delancey Street Delancey
Street project Delancey Street anyway
it's a rehab facility that works really
well maybe somebody could say hey that
one works really well I'll be your
project manager I need a billionaire or
a government fund to fund it and then
that will be my job to try to implement
this in a new state and it will be a
test and I'll make sure that we're
measuring everything so we know if it
worked and then there are a few other
project managers getting other money
from other billionaires and they they do
their separate project they say hey
we'll take these blocks in LA we might
need some help from the government
suspending some you know regulations or
something because we're just going to
test give us a year and we'll tell you
what happened now until you see
something like a project manager
profession form around trying these
social goods and until you hear the
names of people and see them on TV
saying hey yes I'm running something let
me tell you about it you know I already
have the money from a couple of
billionaires so that's what you can see
with the so called homeless problem
that's not a homeless problem you can
see people stepping up and saying I will
be your project manager you know and
I've got this experience who can fund me
and then the funding will happen I can
almost guarantee the funding even people
that I know personally I probably
personally know enough people to fund
some studies on on fixing the homeless
problem that's not really a homeless
problem let's talk about nuclear as I
said before I think that we've made
tremendous progress we meaning all of
you watching and the internet mark
Schneider especially Michael
Shellenberger also especially the people
who were sort of our experts helping us
spread the word that nuclear technology
is not the old nuclear technology that
was relatively unsafe compared to what
anything that we have today and that the
even newer the newer generations the
generation four will eat nuclear nuclear
waste and they're far safer and could be
less expensive and all that so I would
like to see that here's the goal for
2020 for 2020 I want it to be
embarrassing for any public person to
say that nuclear is not part of the
solution it should be it should be
something that they know not to say out
loud anymore we're almost there because
I think something like half of the
Democrats that are running for president
are pro nuclear or at least open to the
conversation which is the same as being
Pro if you're a Democrat and you're
saying in public well I'm open to
listening about nuclear energy that's as
that says yes that means you've looked
into it and you know it's part of the
solution because some people aren't
gonna want to go strong on that because
of their party affiliation but I think
2020 will be the year that when you talk
about climate change you have to talk
about nuclear power let's agree on that
2020 is the year that any public
conversation about climate change and
its risks has to include that the
solutions include nuclear it'll also
include solar and other green energies
but I think this 2020 blue the year that
everybody just understands that that's
part of it and that's a big big big deal
let's talk about North Korea North Korea
is a funny little situation because
we're we're having well here's the
problem we're taking what I would call a
military filter and putting it on North
Korea and that's the problem
there was a time in our history when
North Korea was a military problem and
the right filter to put on it was a
military filter hey they look dangerous
we've
to put our our military forces on there
to counter them military military but
much has happened you know decades the
past president Trump is come into office
there's a whole different understanding
with North Korea in terms of what we
want out of them what they want out of
us today our reasons to be to have a
military filter with North Korea are
largely gone because it's turned into a
psychology problem that we're using a
military filter on you can't solve a
psychology brought well sometimes you
can solve a psychology problem with the
military but not this time
you can definitely change people's
thinking by attacking them but in this
case you have a psychology problem and
the psychology problem is we don't trust
the other and that's a hard place to fix
right if you don't trust the other then
who can go first
and that's been the problem you've
observed right so North Korea is saying
we don't trust you United States but if
you go first
and of course we say we don't trust you
North Korea but if you went first so and
that apparently has no chance of working
because there's not enough trust you
have a psychology problem so how do you
deal with something that's a psychology
problem that we're dealing with with a
defense filter well the first thing you
have to do is get out of that filter you
can't you know you can't get rid of your
military but you can certainly talk
about it differently you frame it
differently approach it differently and
here's the way I would do it now this is
just brainstorming all right I would say
to North Korea directly or indirectly
privately or not privately you know the
reasons that the United States and North
Korea were ever military adversaries
just doesn't exist anymore that's that's
the high ground you just say to North
Korea we are a military you know let's
say military flooding with each other
and it used to make sense but would you
agree Kim jong-un that it doesn't
anymore
the the base reason for us to have any
military conflict with them whatsoever
completely gone is there any chance that
we want to attack North Korea none
there's no chance we want to attack
North Korea not any chance at all is
there any chance that North Korea really
wants or thinks that they're gonna take
over South Korea now none there's not a
chance in the world that they think that
would be a good idea to try that but
what is a genuine risk for Kim jong-un
because I don't think the United States
is any more I mean we don't want to be
in there for we're not China maybe
Russia but China don't you think that
North Korea has more long-term risk Hong
Kong more long-term risk being on the
front steps of China doesn't China want
to control everything that touches their
border of course they do of course they
do
don't you think China if they had an
opening would try to get more control of
North Korea of course they would I think
that we could make a deal with India and
North Korea and the and the fun part
would be to throw it into the same deal
so you're look at the diversion I'm
using notice I just threw India in there
India what's India got to do with North
Korea
nothing except there a nuclear power who
also doesn't trust China right think
about this think about the productive
combination of India an advanced nuclear
power and North Korea also advanced
nuclear power in their own way suppose
you said to India and North Korea you
know India and North Korea and we
basically do say this daily I would I
would think in essence you know in the
coming years and decades wouldn't you
rather be on our side North Korea if you
had a chance a choice of being our
friend and actually being somewhat
protected by us and here's the offer we
can make
we could say North Korea not only should
we not be pointing our weapons at each
other because the reasons have all gone
away but maybe we can help you be a
little safer from China and here's how
you could do it you could say we will
protect you maybe not directly
militarily because we wouldn't want to I
don't know that we'd want to have a
military to agreement that we protect
the territory of North Korea with our
military against China that might be too
much but we could say there will protect
you
economically will protect you
politically and if you can maybe work
with India to have India make sure that
your weapons are either safe or pointing
in the right direction that would make
us feel a lot more comfortable because
you know North Korea United States maybe
you don't feel too comfortable with us
yet but maybe maybe India could come
over and if India if India tells us that
they've looked into it you're nukes are
secure and they're not pointed at us
we've got something to work with
we'll help your economy you know just
don't counterfeit our money and stuff
like that so that would be a reframe in
which we would reframe North Korea all
the way from being a military enemy that
just doesn't even make sense
to a hybrid kind of a special military
ally without being full military ally in
other words just somebody that we commit
to protecting the way they are and just
say look we'd rather protect you it's
cheaper fighting you is expensive
protecting you from any potential future
Chinese you know impropriety is kind of
cheap let's do the cheap one and indeed
if we can invest over there
well maybe we make money also in 2020 I
think that you're going to see more
people using the word decoupling and
strategic decoupling in particular I
believe that there is a small but grow
voice of which I'm part of to encourage
American companies not to do business
with China because in the long run it's
just to our detriment and even in the
short run now I don't think that there
will be a massive sudden unwinding of
existing business and we'll probably
need some tariff agreements on the
little stuff over time agricultural
especially but I think that in 2020 it
will be a common opinion in the United
States right now it's a sort of a niche
opinion but it'll be common opinion that
we should be decoupling with China at
the same time we're being nice to them
yeah and pushing hard and the things we
have to push hard on but as long as
they're using the salon room for body
parts which they are killing them for
body parts as long as they've got
concentration camps they're suppressing
hong kong and sending fentanyl to us by
the by the boatload we can't we can't
further our relationship with them we
can only decrease it and I think that'll
be happening and I think I'm expecting
some kind of more aggressive action
against the Mexican cartels now the
other thing I'd like to see I'd really
like to see let's push for this in 2020
I'd like to see a test of someplace in
the United States where it makes sense
fully legalizing drugs for maybe a year
or a few years whatever it takes to test
it how many of you would agree on a test
not the entire country but just some
county or municipality saying look we
have two tests and things that we
wouldn't normally be able to test we
have to temporarily just give us a full
suspension of all drug crime laws for
this municipality and let's just run it
for a year might be worse might be
better maybe we learn something but
here's the thing I'm starting to lose
patience with talking about it are you
are you all having the same the same
impression talking about the big drug
problem and all this stuff coming for
China the gusta Mexico that comes here
that kills all our people by tens of
thousands I'm kind of tired of talking
about it if we're not testing it our
government is broken now maybe those
tests need to be primarily private
enterprise things but you still need the
government to suspend the laws and so
maybe what we need is not just a drug
czar but a drug czar whose specific job
is to temporarily suspend the laws in
places where you can test some stuff now
another place you might need to
temporarily suspend the laws is about
what I was talking about the the dr.
drew approach which is as in the in the
worst cases people need to be
involuntarily let's say taken care of
and that would require a changes in the
laws so perhaps we need some kind of a
federal czar who can at the let's say
the request of the local governments
because they'd have to be in on it
can suspend all the laws just for the
purpose of testing and just temporarily
so that's what I'd like to see in 2020
couldn't make a gigantic difference
somebody says the entire country would
be Skid Row well we have examples in
Portugal for example in the comments you
see a lot of people mentioning so
Portugal tried making drugs legal and it
all the reporting is that it helped a
lot not even just a little apparently
helped a lot so if you want things to
look like skid row keep doing it the way
you're going if you want it not to look
like skid row then try something that's
worked before see if you can figure out
what it was about that that worked and
then duplicate it but if you're not
doing that if you're not testing you're
not doing anything right if if the
government if our government can't tell
us oh we've got three trials going on
and we're testing various variables and
seeing what works and what doesn't if
they're not telling you that then what
they are telling you is we're not doing
anything and we're not capable of doing
anything because they're how hard would
it be to test
right it shouldn't be there all right
prohibition is the cause of this problem
well that's why we were test so you can
certainly take out the cartels by taking
their money away but I suppose they
would just turn to other forms of crime
its portugal what could go wrong
somebody says oh somebody wants me to do
a how to smoke weed episodes I'm
actually I've got a lot of planning in
that I have thought about doing a
periscope on the topic of how to smoke
marijuana if your doctor says that you
should now as you know I'm a big
proponent of marijuana under certain
circumstances one of them and the most
important one is that you're an adult
marijuana and children bad combination
bad combination want to want to avoid
that marijuana and some people who are
adults bad combination
the thing with marijuana I'll give you a
little preview of it now the thing with
marijuana is that there are lots of
different types and they affect you in
lots of different ways and then there
are also lots of different people with
different personalities and different
bodies and stuff and they all have a
different reaction so it would be the
height of let's say irresponsibility for
anybody to say that you should smoke
marijuana that would be the most
irresponsible thing anybody could ever
say because I don't know you're
completely different than me and if you
do it wrong and my tongue might not turn
out well for you now in my case I have
an actual legitimate believe it or not
medical benefit and it's extreme in my
case the benefit is fairly extreme so
luckiest is an easy easy peasy thing and
I don't do it as a party drug I've never
enjoyed it as something to do with
friends you know except in college but
it's not a party drug it's something
that's
has to do with you know your larger
health situation that said I will do I
think I should commit to this in 2020
I'll do a a demo of how to do the basics
so if your doctor says you know maybe
this would work for whatever condition
you have that you'll have a place to
start that your doctor isn't gonna tell
you because your doctor won't tell you
how to do it your doctor will probably
just say do it or don't I will give you
this one piece of advice don't use
edibles don't use edibles every bad
story I've ever heard about marijuana
was from edibles edibles you can't
control how much you're getting or you
can't know and so that's the dangerous
part but if you're smoking it's almost
impossible to smoke too much because you
just feel it as it happens and you say
well that's enough now somebody says if
Trump has a super persuasion why did he
lose the popular vote yeah that's a good
question and let me answer it so the
question is if Trump is the best
persuader in the history of the world
which I claim how can he lose the
popular vote it means he didn't he did
not persuade most people and that's to
do with the context so the question
you're asking is if the best baseball
player could hit a homerun and it would
go along as a homerun 100 yards
I have no idea why isn't why can't some
people hit a ball 5 miles and the answer
is nobody can't hit a ball 5 miles so
when you say why doesn't Trump convinced
you know the half of the country that is
already sort of aligned with Republican
stuff you know can he also persuade the
people who were vehemently against all
of that stuff the answer is no the best
persuader in the world cannot persuade
people who are that entrenched that's
not a thing so you shouldn't ask why he
can't do it because it's not a doable
thing right it's not within the it's not
even on the sporting
field it's it's outside it's a hundred
miles down the road somewhere so the
summary of that is that the only
persuasion that matters these days is
persuading your own base to get up and
do something and to think and act the
way you want
so everybody's only persuading their
persuadable that's what the game is
there's no such thing as persuading the
other team there's this thin slice of
people who call themselves independents
usually but even they are not real
independence if you looked at their
voting patterns there's some segments of
them this they say oh I'm independent I
would vote for anybody but they always
vote Republican and they will again and
same you know some that say yeah I'm
totally independent but I always vote
Democrat and I'm gonna do it again so
there really are not many people who
even you know in play to be persuaded
but if you've got a president who has a
95 percent support within his own party
and you can see that he's changed every
part of the political process think
about how many things we think about
differently and act differently because
of this president from North Korea to
China to trade to the economy to Isis to
everything I mean immigration there's no
topic that he hasn't changed or moved
the needle on everything he's just
changed everything he's changed how we
see the media he's changed well just
everything so sometimes his influence is
directed such as getting Republicans on
the on the same page other times it's
just his effect he's a walking box
shaker so everything around him is all
getting shaken up even if he's now
focusing on it because he just has that
effect so your question is actually an
excellent one but it is not in play to
persuade all the people on the other
team best you can do is your own team
and if and if there's a strategic
element to that meaning winning certain
States in the electoral process Trump
did it better you won the ones that
mattered and keep in mind that when you
talk about losing the popular vote
you're really talking about losing
California
and he didn't really try for California
California has such a big population as
does New York state that as long as
those are solid blue Republicans have to
win by getting fewer votes and just
winning in the electoral process all
right those are the things that I
thought I want to somebody says Scott's
 has made Dilbert toxic well
thank you for coming all the way over
here to scream that in all capital
letters so we'll delete you so you don't
have to ever experience it again it's
funny that's exactly the kind of troll
that know that actually that's role look
like a sincere person who's just
probably elderly and yells and all caps
but the ones who just come in with the
insult and leave I think they're gone
that one actually looked like a real
person who was just a Democrat who
didn't like Trump I think that's all I
was yeah all right do I favor
eliminating the electoral college you
know I always talk about fairness and
how fairness is an illusion meaning that
it's completely subjective what is fair
to you is not fair to me the thing with
the electoral college is that there's no
place to get to fair fair doesn't exist
you could get to this solution or this
solution but half of the people would
say it's not fair because the people who
thought it worked against them whatever
the change was would say well that's not
fair and other people would say well
what's more fair than a popular vote and
then other people would say well there's
a reason there's a electoral college so
there is no there is no objective
standard by which to say fair and so
therefore it's more of a power play so
when you're talking about the electoral
college versus the popular vote where
that ends up will be wherever the power
pushes it it won't be because it's fair
writer
simpler it won't be any of those things
and right now the you know the weight of
power is that it's hard to change things
you know I think you need a two-thirds
majority or something to change the
Constitution or two thirds of the states
whatever the process is it's hard so
that's why you don't get a lot of
constitutional changes so I don't think
you'll see one because it's too hard and
half the country likes it just the way
it is because they went that way
yeah the founders wanted a balance of
the states versus federal yeah the
reasons are all good but I don't know
that anybody cares about the reasons
it's just whether it's good for their
team I'm just looking at some of your
comments somebody says that must watch
the thousand of your periscopes well you
know if they're it's given this the end
of the year and I enjoy a lot if there's
anybody else
it was gotten anything meaningful in
terms of helping their life and in my
books or periscopes please tweet at me
and let me know because that determines
what I do in the future for example my
decision to write another book or now
write another book would be greatly
influenced by what people think of the
last one that's the way it always goes
somebody asked me in the comments can I
dump wherever it says fine for dumping
can you dump that's the way I plant if I
see a sign that says fine for dumping I
think well good I wouldn't want to dump
it anywhere where it wasn't fine to do
it somebody says Lincoln only got 42
percent of the vote well you know
Lincoln needed the electoral college
like he needed all in had somebody
saying that the idea of deciding to get
something versus merely wanting it was
big for some of you I would say that was
one of my biggest biggest changes in my
life is always just making a distinction
between
things I wanted and things that I was
just deciding to do I told you the story
early on about getting my voice back
that was a decision that wasn't just
something I wanted I you know I was
deciding that whatever that took I was
gonna do it all right
um no wedding date set no we'll worry
about that I didn't want to talk about
that the first week of being engaged
because that sounds like work all right
I think we've said enough and I will
talk to you all tomorrow maybe we'll get
some real news next week there's like no
news happening now talk to you later