oh sorry I didn't see there I was just
reading the best book in the entire
world if you don't have it
yet I don't know what's wrong with you
you should have this for the summer it's
the perfect summer
book of course you probably already have
reframe your brain I'm sure you have
this one already CH will change your
life people keep telling me it has
changed their lives well looks like
you're all just about
here let's see what else is going on
here oh there we
go we got
comments huh that's not working let's
try something
else now why can I see comments trying
to initiate the comments but the
interface has changed
again that's
interesting oh there it is new interface
design all
right well welcome to coffee with Scott
M the finest thing that's ever happened
to you if you'd like to take this
experience up to levels that nobody can
even understand all you need for that is
a cuper Mugger a glass of tanker chal
oric and Jugger flask of vessel of any
kind fill it with your favorite liquid I
like coffee and join me now for the
unparallel pleasure of the dopamine here
the day thing makes everything better
it's called the simultaneous siping
habits now
go
delightful
Exquisite Beyond
Compare
well let's get to the weird uh news
um this is weird just because I don't
understand it so Saudi Arabia is uh I
guess the Petro dollar agreement is
expiring which means that they'll trade
oil in currencies other than uh the
dollar which means that if other
countries um wanted to buy and sell
things internationally they don't
necessarily have to use dollars so they
could get their oil using somebody
else's curent
now the net effect of that people say is
to make the dollar worth less because it
is no longer that essential currency for
trading oil you can trade it in other
currencies some say that will cause the
dollar
collapse I am going to put all of my
economic knowledge together to give you
my opinion of what's going to happen
because of Saudi using Petra
dollars or not using Petra dollars using
other currencies the answer is I don't
believe economics is a real
field I don't believe we can predict
anything so I I totally understand you
know supply and demand and the
psychology of the market and yeah I see
you know cause and effect it should be
in a rational
World maybe the dollar would go down in
value but I don't know if we're in a
rational
world and I don't think we can we we've
lost the ability to predict almost
anything that's
complicated so I guess I would look at
this and add it to my list of 25 things
that might kill me within a minute that
I don't know enough about that I can't
worry about because I don't know maybe
there's a whole bunch of stuff like that
and and I find that what I deal with are
the things that I can kind of understand
I don't necessarily put my attention
into the things that are the most
important you know obviously I
should but it seems to me that you know
my natural uh are the comments upside
down now can't tell what's first and
what's
last we do have a little comment issue
here all right looks like they're coming
in at the bottom and not scrolling all
right so we have another inter face
failure here I guess the new update made
it impossible for me to
see impossible for me to see the
comments so it doesn't look like there's
any way for me to view the
comments today I mean I see the comments
going by in the other platforms all
right so I guess I'll just look at the
rumble platform because I do see the
local comments
there all right uh last night I had a
lovely night with chat GPT
and I I swam in my pool at night after
the sun went down and I just put the
phone on the side of the pool and set it
to chat GPT and I can just talk to you
so I didn't have to you know interact
with it physically I could just talk to
it while I was swimming so I was
floating around the pool and I'll tell
you once you learn how to use chat GPT
for the things you want to do it there
are moments of you know stupidity and
uselessness
and frustration any new technology but
then there'll be moments when you you
just feel the future and I'll tell you
that where that happened with me what I
used to do is find a nice YouTube
channel that would teach me something
that I didn't know like something
interesting about the pyramids or you
know some damn thing and I would just
say okay I'll I'll give myself 20
minutes of some YouTube commercial on
some topic but now I can just ask chat
GPT so I can say hey chat GPT what's the
latest on what people think went into
building the
pyramids and and it will just give me
like a YouTube audio lesson with great
context and give me it'll go on for a
while and I'll just listen to it like
it's a radio program and then when it's
done oh let me give you an example so
last night I wondered if there were any
physicists who had ideas that were
similar to my book God's debris that's
being reissued for the summer as a
Trilogy um and it actually could survey
all of the physicists opinions across
history and told me which ones had some
kind of overlap with the the book which
was fascinating and then it said
something about Newton's rival whose
name I forget leitz lits or leits or
something the guy who also said he
invented calculus and then I got a
little list lesson about how he believed
that the the world is conscious and all
the little particles are conscious I was
like whoow I never knew that it was
absolutely fascinating so the best thing
you can use chat GPT for is weird little
history lessons and filling in like
worldly topics that he always wondered
about uh Tim P asked that uh should we
End the Fed and the chat GPT said yes
and it gave reasons
it gave reasons why we should End the
Fed
unambiguously where' that come
from um and then chat GPT there's
separately there's a story that there's
a simple logic problem that people have
been giving the various uh AI not just
chat GPT and they universally seem to
fail what is an obvious logic
problem did you really expect that AI
would fail a obvious logic problem that
a human can get most of the time but it
does and in my experience I've beaten AI
in debates
privately every time every time I've had
a debate and it will change his mind so
I was asking some questions about
something and he gave me a bad answer
and I said well are you aware of this go
back and look and I said oh yeah you're
right totally everything you said was
right so you can talk it into logic it
knows it when it sees it but they can't
produce it um every time so I would say
the chat GPT is like
a it's like a idiot Sant at this point
if you ask a little history thing or a
math thing or how to program it's
amazing but even little logic problems
it fairly consistently can't do small
logic problems and I've I discovered
that independently it is not good on
logic anyway um
here's a weird thing so apple is going
to have connection to Chad GPT and the
the new models of the Apple phone but
apparently apple is not paying chat GPT
for that and chat GPT is not paying
Apple they they have some kind
of understanding that it's going to be
good for both of
them which is fascinating it it almost
makes me think that chat GPT is more
concerned about controlling information
than they are about making money
how in the world can they not
charge Apple for having access on its
phones all the time I guess you could
say well Google search is
free so maybe it's just search so I
would say that using chat GP as a search
engine is way better than the current
search engines just because the
interface is
better but I don't quite understand that
and I worry I worry that the real reason
is something that we're not being told
you know what I mean we have a long
history of everything that was
useful gets taken over by the
intelligence people you know the CIA
literally becomes in charge of all your
information
eventually and I wonder if the CIA has
already got its Ms into chat
GPT well let me take that back let me
let me be more
realistic the CIA cannot allow chat GPT
to develop
normally it would be too big of a risk
because it would tell start telling the
truth so one assumes that the
intelligence people maybe the FBI uh
maybe the CIA have already had
conversations with it to control some
part of it it could be that the big play
is to make sure everybody's using it
because that's the one that the CIA has
access to now do I have any solid
information or even clues or whiff of
information that the CIA is involved in
any way with any of the AI companies the
answer is no however we do have about a
100 Year history to say there's no way
they're not would you agree with that
assessment there's no evidence of it but
it's also true there's no way they're
not all the way up their knickers by now
because they have to be it's their
job there's nothing more basic than
controlling
information it's the most basic thing
that CIA is trying to do control
information
get the good stuffff put out the bad
stuff it's half of their job so of
course they're going to corrupt AI of
course they are they have to it's not
even really optional so you don't have
to wonder if it's going to happen and
you don't have to wonder if it's going
to happen quickly it's already happened
I think it's fair to
say it's already a corrupt
system I don't see how it could not be
all right um here are some things you
probably could have asked Scott there's
a big meta analysis if anybody thinks
those are real that says that uh eating
junk food um can increase your chances
of
depression and psychological stress and
also make you dumber you know we we've
seen that eating poorly makes you dumber
and I think that explains the pyramids
they didn't have junk food so they were
just smarter hey uh
do you want to move that gigantic Rock
hundreds of miles and put it on top of a
huge man-made mountain called a pyramid
sure is it going to be hard not for us
look at how we've been eating all
organic no we're going to build a
pyramid and uh but I worry about the
future because they'll be eating junk
food until they don't know how to build
a pyramid and here we are we ate junk
food until we don't know how to build a
pyramid
all right here's another one scientists
found out that uh concentration is
contagious meaning that if you're trying
to work it's way easier to work if
you're surrounded by other people
working do you know who else knew that
me so the reason I got a Starbucks to
work is not just
because you know I like a different
place to go although I like that it's
because people are working
and even if the uh even if there aren't
people with laptops sometimes I'm the
only one there in the
afternoon the the employees are working
so as long as the employees are working
I can work I just have to be near people
working if I'm in a place where I'm the
only person working no that's not going
to happen I because I'm influenced by
them this is part of the Tim Ferris but
other people have said it first that
you're the average of The Five People
You spend the most time with we're so
social that simply being around people
who are concentrating allows you to
concentrate being with happy people
makes you happy sad people makes you sad
so it's a real easy hack so I found that
there's a local library here in my town
so when I don't want coffee I can stop
in there totally makes it easy to
concentrate all I do is I look around
other people reading and concentrating
boom happens automatically yeah that is
a big big life hack if you need to be a
certain way go be physically with people
who are that way oh here's the here's
the better example the
gym the the level of uh motivation I
have when I'm surrounded by people who
are exercising is off the chart and I
feel it directly I mean it's not like a
subtle thing you feel it the moment you
walk in oh I'm going to have to take it
up but if I'm lifting in my garage and I
do one set it makes me you know a little
bit
tired I I convinced myself that one
set's pretty good of course it's not I
know it's not but if you take me to the
gym I'm going to do three or
four because I'm surrounded by people
doing the same
thing here's one you could have asked
me uh optimism WS off
procrastination now why in the world do
they need to do that
study let me explain it in simple terms
optimism increases your
dopamine dopamine is not just the thing
that makes you feel good it's a
necessary chemical for Action you
literally won't get off the couch if you
don't have enough dopamine so are we
surprised that optimism causes you to
procrastinate less no that's the most
predictable thing about humans you could
ever predict optimism equals dopamine
dopamine equals action action means not
procrastinating optimism solves
procrastination I guarantee it I've
always known that if you feel like
there's no point in doing anything then
no dopamine no action it's really that
simple optimism positive thinking
creates dopamine dopamine is like the
energy that makes a human do
anything so optimism is the fuel of all
activity you know even if you don't
think of it that way you know you're not
necessarily an optimistic mindset but
you're still doing things that suggest
you think tomorrow will be better or
could
be it's really all optimism dopamine
action once you learn that one of the
best reframes you'll ever have in your
life change your it'll change
everything there's some kind of third
form of weird
life um apparently there's uh let's see
you got your bacteria and you got your
UK ukar yotes you ukar yotes that's me
totally correctly pronouncing a
scientific term UK carot or something
but now there's a third one and they
think they might be able to make some
hydr off it now I um the interesting
part about
it is that these little single cell
organisms can produce hydrogen somehow
and this is part of my category of what
would happen if an entirely new source
of energy got
developed in other words you know we
pretty pretty well understand our solar
and our fossil fuels and our water power
and everything so if you were going to
list you know nuclear if you going to
list all the energy sources pretty much
every one of you would get the complete
list you know you might forget liquid
gas or something uh or you might forget
gas for a minute but that need to
remember but how did we get to this
point we got to this point because we
invented whole new fields of energy like
solar didn't exist but then it did
nuclear power didn't exist but then it
did what are the odds that we going to
sail through the next 50 years without
developing a brand new energy source
Well Fusion we see coming so that could
be it but but so but one we don't see
coming I think the odds of not
producing another energy source that was
a complete surprise are
low it would you take the bet would you
take the bet on the other side I say in
the next 50
years almost certainly there'll be a new
energy source that none of us have heard
of that's bigger than or at least
competitive with our largest sources of
energy and that is yet yet again why I
don't think you can predict the climate
for 100 years
massive uh study finds that
participation in the news is declining
everywhere all over the world people are
paying less attention to the news huh I
wonder what would cause that what would
cause people to pay less attention to
the news and talk about it last
H could it be the knowledge that it's
all fake well let's go to Jonathan
turley's take on the the the hunter lapt
out from hell he said with the
authentication of the laptop as real in
Delaware because that's what happened
with the hunter gun charge case part of
the defense was oh it's definitely
real so now that we know it's real most
media has chosen to walk away with a
slightly embarrassed shrug says tly so
they're kind of sort of a little bit
admitting it but acting like ah I don't
know did we say anything about it before
maybe we did shrug you know not not
admitting that they've been saying it
was fake for
years but there's one
exception as turle points out not the
Washington Post or Philip bump who just
ran a column to assure readers that they
were right all along about the laptop
story Phil bump is the best punchline of
news writers like whenever you see his
name you know it's going to be a
punchline you you don't have to take it
very seriously Phil bump I love the fact
that he's just a punch line now he's a
bump all
right doctors are warning that
anti-depressants can permanently destroy
your sex life and a bunch of young
people are saying that they have like
numb genitals and this is even after you
sto taking it apparently so the
permanent part
means even after you don't take
it so how many how many of you have seen
that how many of you have observed
somebody who got in an anti-depressant
and their libido just
disappeared do anybody ever anybody seen
that in a friend or a family member
spouse I'll bet you out yeah pretty
common and not nearly talked about as
well well Elon Musk has hidden the likes
on X so now if you like something you're
the only one that knows
and does do the recipient know but I
guess the The Observers don't know
whether you hit um a like I agree with
that change I didn't like it at first
but I agree with it now because I was
actually getting for things I liked
did anybody else have that problem it
might be just a public figure problem
but I would read something and I'd think
huh I don't agree with that point of
view but that was well done and then I
give it a
like and then somebody would come in
like oh really why do you believe that
uh oh baby should be killed now and I'd
say I don't believe that I just thought
that was a well-expressed article that
had an opinion so I thought I'd give it
a like and then then I'm might just
explaining things so I like this I like
that they can't see my like so I don't
have to explain
anything if I repost it that's more of a
statement so that seems fair but a like
is very could be just you like that was
written that's the way I play it all
right Tesla shareholders have uh by a
huge margin approved Elon musk's pay
package as you know the Delaware Court
based on one complainer with a few
shares of stock sued and said hey don't
pay him $56 billion even though he
earned every penny of it and now the
sharehold will say no we are going to
pay him and he is going to get that
money back however still needs to go
through some kind of a court process I
understand so it doesn't mean he's
getting the money yet it only means that
uh these shareholders have approved it
so yes thank you and by the way I can't
tell you how disappointed I would have
been with the public if they withheld
the pay from the guy who returned um
Free Speech To
America yeah and had a valid contract
which everybody with full full knowledge
of it and no surprises
assigned yeah I would have been really
really really disappointed with the
American public if this had gone the
other way now it still has to get
through some Court decision but uh
things are starting to look like maybe
there's some kind of a Improvement in
the world
coming
um as David saxs pointed out on x that
Elon lost his sham trial about original
trial about the losing his uh pay
package then Trump lost his sham trial
but in both cases voters returned their
rights or are on the board they're on
the verge of it so Elon Musk the courts
go after him but the the voters in this
case the voters who owned stock in Tesla
gave him back his rights thank you and
then Trump lost his sham trial but it's
very likely that voters are going to put
him back in office and then a lot of
those problems can go away thank you so
the public is apparently stepping up
that's what I'd like to
see
um here's what I think Trump should
maybe consider I don't think Trump has
hit the Free Speech topic as hard as he
could because now he's got a bunch of
examples where Democrats are anti-free
speech so they got the anti-free speech
because the Twitter files revealed that
um the government was working to
suppress speech you've got the elon's um
pay package which is punishing Elon for
basically giving free speech back to
America by buying acts you've got the
January 6 protesters in jail not the
violent ones but the ones who were
really just protesting which it seems
like like a violation of their free
speech you know I get that you know they
can make up a trespassing charge and you
know pretend it's Insurrection and all
that but really that was a free speech
problem for 99% of
them um and then wokeness cancelling
people like me for free speech so you
have you have really a whole body of
things happening at the same time
they're all Democrat things they're
all just aimed against free speech and I
don't think anybody's hit that topic
because there haven't been enough
examples that you could put together and
say look it's not one thing there is an
organized attack on free speech and
there really is that's a true
thing well Boeing had a bad month uh
apparently the number of orders that
Boeing has received uh for only four
planes in May and no orders for the 737
Max that's the one that's always in the
headline
not for good
reasons so it looks like the marketers
responding now what do you think the
problem with with Boe
is almost certainly it's a Dei
problem almost certainly now let me ask
you could I have said that two years ago
probably
not probably get canceled for that but
again um I say it as clearly as possible
it's not because people are certain
demographic group that can't perform I'm
not saying that I'm saying just the
nature of Dei makes companies promote
underqualified
people regardless of their genes or
their culture or anything else it's just
built into the design of the system that
people are going to try too hard to get
diversification and it'll be at the
expense of
capability and it could be that it's
already taken out one of the jewels in
the
American economic system you know our
aircraft building industry is one of the
great things about America and Dei may
have destroyed it
entirely that's a real thing yeah now
somebody might argue but Scott there are
other reasons for this I would listen to
that but on the surface it seems obvious
it's just a Dei
problem now Democrats are going to say
you you damn racist for saying that but
I'll say it again it's obviously a Dei
problem it may be other things too but
there's no way in the world that Dei
doesn't have this very predictable
outcome you should see a bunch of other
companies also just losing it completely
because they can't deliver simple things
and it will be a Dei problem guarantee
it I told you I thought Kevin spacy
didn't look like an honest person when
he was on U Pierce Morgan show um I
didn't know specifically what sounded
sketchy but Alex Jones is weighing in
saying directly that he thinks Kevin
spacy lied here's his evidence and it's
pretty good so spacy said he was flying
on Epstein's plane but didn't know
Epstein was on the plane necessarily or
maybe met him but didn't make the
connection but then separately he said
he was worried about all the underage
girls he saw flying with Epstein on the
plane as Alex Jones points out you're
GNA have to pick one of those
stories you can either have the story
that you do know who Epstein was and you
were worried about his bringing underage
girls on your
flight that could be a consistent story
or separately but not at the same time
you could say you were on the flight and
you didn't even know Epstein was on
there you're going to have to pick one
of those too you can't have them both
and Alex Jones points that out that's
what I was feeling as well it every part
of that looked like a lie to
me although you know there's no way to
read his
mind um of course our FBI stats were
lies as you know uh it looked like crime
was down but it was just Chang in
reporting NBC is reporting that murders
are up double digits in cities across
the country and they
say the Democrats say well did you
notice that most of those cities were in
red States yes did you notice most most
of those State probably every one of
them as a Democrat mayor did you notice
that um I don't know that that's true
but I would bet on
it uh the Republicans RNC research says
that uh oh by the way I've got a really
good conclusion for the show if you're
thinking of bailing out make sure you
catch the last five minutes it's going
to be a
banger I wanted to say it cuz I don't
want to I don't want to peek too soon
but I got some good stuff coming some
Trump stuff you're going to love
it anyway the terror watch list uh this
is number of uh terrorists or at least
people on the terror watch list who have
been encountered at the southern
border and back in 20 in yeah 2017 there
were only two of
them there only two sketchy people the
whole year I don't know how many got in
without being caught but the ones that
were AG only two next year six next year
zero there were zero in 19 and then in
20 there were three then Biden takes
office 21 there were 15 of them in 2022
there were
98 in 2023 there were
169 169 on the terror watch
list just the ones we
caught forget about the ones that didn't
go through like a normal Port of
Entry yeah and already in 24 this year
there are 80 of them so we're on Pace to
match
23
well if you wondered what would happen
if you had a whole bunch of terrorists
who were in a whole bunch of cities and
they coordinated an attack well the
first person that I know whoever wrote a
book that included that plot is me but I
wrote it 20 years ago in anticipation
that this is exactly what would happen
because I said to myself if I were a
smaller country and I wanted to take
down the United States how would I do it
and 20 years ago I said well I would
sneak in enough people so there would be
at least a few terrorists in every big
city and then I would have them act at
the same
time that's how I would do it and it
looks like that's exactly what's going
to happen because the terrorists do seem
to be spreading out into different
cities and I can't see any other reason
for it it's probably exactly what it
looks like they're
preparing maybe not
guaranteed but it looks like they're
preparing if they need it to have a you
know a pretty big domestic response if
we do something that somebody doesn't
like
overseas well James Carville has given
up the game and uh he just had an
interview with Donnie Deutsch you might
know him from being one of the TDS
people on MSNBC who's one of the biggest
TDS people and here's what James
Carville
said bless his heart quote Democratic
culture has too many preachy females too
much don't eat hamburgers don't watch
football wear a condom man leave me
alone now he also went on to say that
that sometimes guys just want to do
their job drink a beer smoke some dope
watch a basketball game or watch a
football
game
and uh he also said that they're going
to lose the Hispanic vote because uh and
even Donnie Deutsch was pointing out
that the
Hispanics sort of don't want the preachy
female culture they're more about strong
dominant male leadership and
households that's Donnie Deutsch saying
that all right so remember I promised
you let see how many remember this just
recently on social media I promised you
that by the end of this summer I would
make sure that the Democrats were the
were the party of
women and it was obvious that the
Republicans were the party of
men now since then we've seen uh Trump
quite wisely double down on you know UFC
visits we've we've seen him play up like
the manly man and I guess he was just he
just was with Jake Paul you know doing
Jake Paul's boxer so he's he's doing all
the manly stuff and is working men are
very much
responding and here's Carville saying uh
that his own party turned into basically
preachy females and they can't possibly
win that's right so the You could argue
you know what his current influences on
the party but they still talk about him
right CNN will probably cover it I don't
know but if Carville is yelling it at
the at the top of his lungs that the
problem is a woman
problem that's hard to ignore remember I
said I I didn't have any way to break
into the the other bubble so I didn't
know how I was going to do it and I
certainly didn't break into it with
Carville there's no way that he's
looking at my work I don't think so but
I did tell you that by the end of the
summer the the reframe would not be so
much race because you're going to see
black men moving to Trump in record
numbers and that's what's happening so
it's hard to say that uh Trump is the
big old racist when black men are
running toward him as fast as they
can the whole game is up Carville knows
the game's up he's basically calling it
he he's telling you that okay our side
is naked we're just a bunch of preachy
women and it's not about
race and guess what maybe it wasn't ever
about race I mean in one way
everything's about race but maybe it
wasn't the thing we should have been
focusing on because it wasn't real in
the first place but the preachy female
problem is very
real that that's right
on so you might say to yourself bcot
what kind of problems would we have if
there're too many women in
charge well you'd see an open border
open border is badshit crazy the only
way you get an open border is either
someone wants to destroy the country and
somehow got in power which does seem
like it might be the case in some cases
or it's women who are using empathy over
let's say a um a physical security
mentality do you know why why men are
abandoning the Democrats like crazy
Instinct Instinct that's what nobody
wants to say
men are abandoning Democrats not because
of policies not because of that new
story they
saw it's
Instinct what they see is that the
leader of their party has
disappeared the strong men look at the
leader of the party and say oh shoot we
don't even have a
leader men need leaders we're built that
way we need a strong leader and if there
isn't one do you know what we do we
become the
leader it's just built into us if the if
the pack of dogs doesn't have a leader
one of the one of the Dog Steps up and
then they got to fight for it but we
don't have leaderless male
organizations no no men need leaders and
when we don't have one we will become
one and if somebody wants to challenge
us we'll fight them to the death that's
how we're built it's Instinct so when
you see the the mass Exodus of men from
the no leadership party to the strong
leader you know the Trump end of things
that's Instinct there's nothing
political about that so I was calling
that move based on Instinct that was
always my take on it not that somebody
would have a a psychological academic
change of opinion no you're just going
to feel it in your biology that you need
to run to the
safety all right so women open the
Border because they're not good for
physical security let me say for the
dumb people I I have to take pauses now
and then every now and then a dumb
person will be watching my live stream
and I feel like I need to talk to them
too when I talk about women this is just
for the dumb people the rest of you can
get some coffee when I say things like
women do this I never mean every woman
so you'll never need to explain to me
that there are strong southern
women at who don't do any of this and
that they're plenty of
exceptions I actually knew that are you
surprised yeah I actually knew that not
every woman is exactly like every other
woman you believe it no
really I I'll go even
deeper I even believe that not every
single black person is
identical can you believe it no believe
it it's true it's true I believe it so
let's not be NPC idiots and just
let me talk about men versus women
because you know what I mean right we're
talking about an average on average
women shouldn't be in charge of physical
security that doesn't mean the best
person who was ever in charge of
physical security couldn't be a woman of
course it could of course it
could right you don't see me complaining
that Lura Trump's running the you know
she's co-chair of the RNC no because
she's an animal in in a good way she's
an animal would you want to get in any
kind of a disagreement with Laura Trump
no no I'm not talking about Lara Trump
when I'm talking about women aren't good
with physical security I would put her
in charge of Homeland Security tomorrow
are you kidding me right so if it's the
right character you can you can get
anything you want and she's the right
character but here's another little
piece of data
um nuclear power support did you you
know that only men are in in favor of
nuclear power again on average of course
I know there are individual women who
like nuclear power yes but apparently
there's an overwhelming gender
difference and it's the women who are
afraid of it it's the men who are saying
it's our only option logically unless
you want to die you better do nuclear
power because we really don't have
another option do you know why women
should have no control over building of
nuclear power again on average not
talking about any individual
woman it's because they don't know that
nuclear power is physical
security if they look at nuclear power
and say oh I don't like that waste or
maybe you know maybe I could do it all
with solar stuff like no you're just
being not good at physical security let
me explain something that every man
knows you need money to field an army
you need energy to have
money nuclear power is physical security
if you don't do nuclear power we're all
 dead do you know that women how
many women understand that the the
alternative to nuclear energy is not
solar the alternative to nuclear energy
is you're
dead how many women knew that now if I
said how many men knew it you'd all
you'd all raise your hands because men
know you can't raise the Army without
money and nobody ever had money unless
they had energy at least in the modern
world energy and money end up being
almost the
same so yeah women are destroying the
country in terms of nuclear power
support but apparently there are there
are enough men who are in favor that it
still gets a majority so we have a
chance of doing
it two-thirds of Voters according to
rasmuson are worried that cheating could
affect the election
2third so how did the uh professional
media that was been trying to tell you
that there's no way our elections could
ever be
unsecure no way how's that even
possible but now two-thirds of the
country is worried that the other team
will cheat so it turns out it was easy
to get people to think that the
elections are unsecure do you know what
it took you just had to remind them that
what if the Republicans do it and then
the Democrats are oh yes it could
go the other way so yeah no I'm now I'm
worried about it oh so suddenly we went
from well there's no way that this
election was ever was ever even slightly
unclean all the way to two-thirds of
people saying oh if the other team might
do it and then it might be doable we
better stop that yeah totally nonsense
opinion
and what would make them think that H
why would people be worried about those
machines H well uh let's look at this
story Puerto Rico's Election Commission
said done recently that they're uh
looking at their contracts because their
Dominion voting machines had uh quote
hundreds of
discrepancies in the recent
primaries Puerto Rico's Dominion voting
machines
according to Puerto Rico's own Election
Commission right this is not coming from
the outside this is coming from the
people who authorize them and use
them hundreds of discrepancies including
changed
votes now nobody's saying that the
elections were rigged that is not that's
not part of it they're simply saying
that they couldn't trust the
machines and they might not renew
them now let me ask this question
again cuz I'm the only person
who is willing to ask this question in
public for some reason maybe it's
because I'm
canceled I don't know may maybe it's not
as good a point as I think it is let me
do it again I'm G I think I'll just
drive this this thing home I I will make
you think about this it goes like
this what's the point of voting
machines does it make things more secure
no it makes it less secure does it give
you results faster no it does not does
it reduce your
costs obviously not paper is pretty
cheap and by the way even when you use
the voting machines it still creates
paper you don't even save paper in in
most cases right so now tell me given
all of these complaints from p Rico
hundreds hundreds of complaints you tell
me why we have
them let let me see this story on a
major news show where all they do is say
just explain why they exist do you know
why Fox News can't do that story I think
you
do I think you know why Fox News isn't
going to cover it they had a little bit
of problems when they when their uh
their news people cover the uh the
election and I believe that they got
sued and lost for some of their
claims now if you try to say well I'm
just asking you know people say well
that's still the same thing you're
questioning the machines I'm just saying
I've never
heard anybody explain the point of
machines unless they're designed for the
purpose of throwing the
election now some have said that the
reason that they were invented ever in
the first place is so that the CIA could
control elections in other countries
where they would get those machines into
place now I don't know if that's true
but what's the other
reason seriously what's the other reason
it's not faster cheaper or more
reliable so what's the
reason and why am I the only person who
asking the question it's the
biggest question in the world what's
what's a bigger question
because our entire way of living will
depend on the election being
credible and we don't think that this
coming election is going to be credible
do we no we don't we think there's going
to be massive cheating and it will be
obvious and it's going to throw the
country into chaos I think that's almost
guaranteed so somebody needs to answer
the question why do they
exist that's all am I am I asking a hard
question don't think it's a hard
question somebody in that business will
say oh it's for this reason and maybe
maybe maybe I'm going to say oh that's
actually a good reason I didn't think
about
that but yeah this is one of those
questions where I think that people who
have life experience have a completely
different opinion about what's happening
in the world if you have life experience
as I do it used to be my job to do uh
detailed analysis of whether the bank
that I was working at or later the phone
company should spend a bunch of money on
a new
technology that was my job so when I say
I don't see any reason why anybody would
want electronic voting machines nobody's
presented a reason I'm dealing it with
it as an expert I'm an expert literally
did it for a living on analyzing whether
you should bring in this new technology
to replace what you were doing before
it's what I did for a living I don't see
any argument for for election machines
none no none presented I'm not even
disagreeing with the arguments I'm
saying nobody's even tried to make the
case it would be different if you know I
just disagreed with the reasons but
nobody's even trying that's
different all
right um Jesse Waters had a former
speaker Kevin McCarthy on his show and
Kevin McCarthy tells us this weird story
about being with Biden in the white
house where Biden apparently has his his
own little office next to the Oval
Office so he's got an office next to an
office in the little room that's next to
it I think I've been in that little room
when I first met Trump at the White
House there's a way undersized tiny
conference room that a bunch of people
were were packed into uh I think that's
what he's talking about McCarthy but
anyway
uh Biden said he he acted like he wanted
to go swimming in the middle of the
winter and McCarthy just tells the story
like like he was so worried when he was
done that he was just dealing with a
mental basically so I don't know
how much is that is hyperbole because
obviously it's a Republican versus
Democrat story so you have to put that
in context all right um the the house
has found AG Garland didn't contest
by a narrow vote 208 to 207 but they got
it done good
job uh let let me stop for a moment and
just say to the Republicans in the house
good job yeah I don't say that very
often so I I feel like I should pause
and say all right you got this one all
right th this I have respect for this
was exactly the right play and then you
executed it didn't take long
good finally finally seeing the you know
the republicans in Congress do an
unambiguously smart thing on time
finally thank
you now whether this goes anywhere we
don't know but it puts Garland in the
situation where the context is that uh
Peter Navaro is still in jail for um
defying congress's uh requests and
that's what Garland is being accused of
and uh Peter novaro said he had some
kind of immunity presidential immunity
Garland's making some kind of related
cousin claim to that and uh Bannon might
go to jail for it so yes if the
Republicans had let Navaro and Bannon go
to jail for this and let and then let
Garland
skate I think I would have lost my
mind I don't know if I could get back I
don't know if I could even come back
from that that would make me so crazy I
don't know if I don't know if I could do
my job after that but no
Republicans stepped
up so good job on
that
um also here's some more good thing Jim
Jim Banks is talking about this so the
House Republicans are um have moved to
to defund the Ukraine NGO that created a
watch list that put conservatives on it
that didn't like
Ukraine
and can you believe that the US
government was funding an NGO a
non-government
organization who created a list
targeting American
citizens conservatives if they didn't
like the Ukraine
policy now I was quite disappointed that
I was not on that list uh I'm told that
there's now a Silicon Valley list of
enemies and I might be on that one so
apparently I'm on an enemy list
somewhere maybe we'll see that's not
confirmed vas Swami weighs in on this uh
enemies list thing he says it's a
mystery that us taxpayers were ever
funding this kind of NGO in the first
place it's time to audit us Aid and
every other agency that's dumping away
our taxpayer dollars
thank you
yes V continues to be a superstar and
telling us what we need to do that once
you hear it you go oh yeah that's kind
of obvious but why did we have to wait
for V to say it until we thought about
it yes why is the government not doing a
massive audit to find out if our money
is being spent right really anywhere I I
would argue that the government doesn't
audit really anything and we
audit all right China is building some
massive port in South America for some
reason the the headline didn't me
mention the the country
but the the only comment I have about
this is I'm not sure that this is a
threat per se in the normal way I it's
not a military threat but China has an
interesting uh
strategy and I don't know what we do to
counter it or even if we need to but
China will win just by staying out a
Wars does that make sense the only thing
China has to do to have a really good
chance of being basically the only
nation left in the world is just Stana
Wars now you could add that their
population collapse as a problem uh
didn't see that coming but in terms of
yeah and that seems reversible I mean if
if they wanted
to um but China has the the simplest
game plan for ating the whole world they
just have the most people and they have
an educated populace and they have
enough capitalism that those people are
going to if you just run the numbers
eventually they have to be the biggest
economy biggest economy means biggest
military biggest military means you get
your way so how does the United States
win in a hundred
years it feels like it's an automatic
Chinese win they just have to stay
trouble just don't start a war cuz we're
not going to we're not going to attack
mainland China I don't think I mean
that'd be pretty dumb so if they don't
attack somebody that makes somebody
attack them they just win I think
because they have capable leadership
educated population modern
economy and gigantic number of people
you put that together and that wins
basically every time unless unless
somebody unleashes a new virus that only
kills Chinese citizens or something
weird so I don't know what we do about
that there's a report that the Yemen's
hoodies they've been launching hundreds
of attacks with no end in sight yeah no
there's an end in
sight it's called it's called
Trump I can't believe for a minute that
Trump wouldn't be able to threaten the
hoodies into
stopping isn't the problem that they
haven't been properly
threatened here's a bad threat if you
keep sending those millions of missiles
we're going to bomb two or three of
you I think that's Biden's plan we're
going to bomb two or three of
you or something like
that is bre the coast where the Chinese
thing is somebody saying
Pro well how hard would it be for Trump
to do a proper threat so the hooes
understand that uh they have to stop
this do you remember uh remember this
story who knows how true it is but the
story that when uh Trump was negotiating
with
Taliban and he was telling them to be
cool he showed the leader of the Taliban
his own house a photograph of his own
house he saying this house will
disappear if anything happens and
apparently at least for the time that uh
he was in office the Taliban actually
backed off so so I believe that Trump is
uniquely able to make the kind of threat
that the uh the yenes would understand
how many mother of all bombs would it
take
one if there's anything over there that
you could drop a mother of all bomb on
let's do
that we can't live with hundreds of
Rocket attacks of the Red Sea just drop
a few mother of all Bombs over there
just make the biggest crater in the
world
and then tell them uh if you do one more
missile this is all you're going to see
for the rest of your life where we're
going to make all of you dead now he
doesn't have to mean it but Trump could
pull that could pull that threat off
Biden can't yeah that's that's a huge
difference I think Trump could solve it
in 24
hours Maxi water says that the reason we
need Dei is because you need those black
prosecutors to go after Trump
said it directly we need Dei so that the
black prosecutors will go after Trump to
which I say about maxian Waters you've
crossed from uh wacky and entertaining
uh weirdo into racist piece of
 racist piece of
 you racist piece of but I like
that you gave it up you gave up the game
the Dei is a tactic not a uh public
good meanwhile JD Vance uh is putting
forward a bill to ban Dei in all
government uh programs which might
include government funded but I'm not
sure let's say uh I think this
is no funding for government contractors
either but that I think it's all related
to just the government's own Dei
programs and no discrimination of any
kind
now it would be tempting for me to say
what took you so long am I right because
what it because when you see this you
say wait a minute they could do this
they could do this the whole time they
could do this and it's only happening
now but I'm not going to be that guy
because I do believe things have changed
to make it now practical uh where it
wasn't before if they had floated this
in you know say the first months of Dei
do you think it would have worked
no it would just look racist but after
enough people like me are willing to
give up everything to say you got to
 stop this Dei stuff is
destroying the world and I don't even
want to live in a country with it I
don't even want to live around people
who think this is a good idea remember I
got canceled for saying that watch I'm
saying it right now I don't want to live
anywhere near anybody who thinks that
Dei is a good idea and should be part of
my world now if I were black I would run
toward it because it's a good
Advantage if you're white and male you
should run away from it as much as you
can because it's illegal and racist and
one of the worst things I've ever seen
in my
life
um so JD Vance has picked his timing
correctly I believe the mood of the
country is now uh acceptable I believe
that people have seen it work and seen
it f
they watched Boeing go on a business
they watched the Biden campaign be
destroyed by Dei let's be honest the
reason the Biden campaign is failing is
not just
Biden it's his Dei campaign it's very
obvious they're the least capable
campaign of any campaign ever for
president and we all see it and and do
you think there's any chance that he
just went out and hired the best that
there was no CU Axel Rod has to
go on CNN and just talk about it from
the outside do you think if they' been
listening to Carville and axel Rod that
they would be in this situation no if
they've been listening to Carville and
axel Rod they'd have a different
candidate and they would be
ahead it's a Dei problem there's no way
that Axel Rod doesn't know this by the
way there's no way that Carville doesn't
know that the campaign is a Dei problem
and we're very
close very close
to Carville saying it out
loud he's not there yet but he is so
close he's willing to say they're
preachy women but he hasn't he hasn't
gone the final inch the last inch is and
that's why Dei exists Dei exists because
of preaching women if you took that
domain out there wouldn't be enough
support for
it so
close uh I was watching Morning Joe on
the debates I saw a new kind of liar
face it's it's in the
forehead um I forget which uh talking
had on MSNBC it is but one of the white
guys who just has crazy TDS stuff all
the time he's got the have you seen the
fured
eyebrows like a normal person who's just
talking about their family they don't do
this I can't I can't even do it but like
he he creates you ever see the aliens in
Star Trek a lot of times they'll make
the aliens look well a little humanoid
but the only differences they got a
wrinkled
forehead maybe a different nose and a
wrinkled
forehead
so so this guy whoever he was uh just
had the wrinkled forehead of a liar and
it's just so obvious what once you learn
to look for the wrinkled forehead
because you can sell there there's an
internal torture happening where their
words and their face can't match because
you know that they know they're
lying well you have to see it just look
for the wrinkled
forehead uh Glenn Greenwald is pointing
out the uh the um hypocrisy of Biden
being so anti- crack and anti-drugs and
uh now when his own son is affected you
know Suddenly It's All About compassion
well I have a little experience in this
domain and let me tell
you having a family member who's
addicted will change your opinion about
free will really
fast people who don't have a close
personal contact with addiction don't
know what it is they genuinely don't
know what it is it's it's it's a compl
complete loss of free
will the drug becomes your brain so
you're not even talking to the person at
some point you're just talking of the
drug that's taken over the person's
brain sort of like an alien overthrow so
when Joe Biden was less experienced in
this domain he was saying oh lock up all
those crack dealers get all those
addicts in jail once he became a little
more informed because he could see his
own smartest person he ever knew
couldn't get off it that's the first
time you learned that it's not it's not
as much Choice as you think it is now I
know you're saying but but but people do
get off so they must have Choice do you
know what they have to do before they
get off it usually hit bottom hitting
bottom is the process by
which um it no longer makes sense and
then it doesn't work but it's not so
much that you change your mind it's say
something happened to you and it just
rearranged your your brain for a while
so hitting bottom is necessary because
people can't just say you know what way
before I hit bottom I think I ought to
stop doing this it's hard to do
all right so I'm a I'm uh not
disagreeing with Glenn greenwald's
hypocrisy statement but I would say it's
a normal transition from not knowing
anything about addiction to
understanding it for the first time
because your family member is having it
so I kind of get
that um so where is Joe Biden
embarrassing America today well it turns
out he's in Italy and the news is that
he's uh looking terrible and shuffling
and the other leaders are trying to
gently guide him to walk in the right
direction and he looks confused and
awkward he saluted the head of Italy
awkwardly now I said this in the man
cave but I'd like to put this message
out to
uh somebody who might be listening or
might hear about
this there there's somebody I know who
shall remain nameless who's really good
at dirty tricks in
politics and you know some behind the
scenes kind of a
person and if I were that good at dirty
tricks here's what I'd do I would get a
bird
Wrangler to train some pigeons to land
on a uh let's say a a model scale model
of Biden so you'd have it wearing an
actual suit and everything and looking
just like Joe Biden like a wax figurine
and then you put bird food on its head
and then you you release the bird
until they learn that if they land on
the head of this thing that looks
exactly like Joe Biden there'll be a
little food there then you release those
pigeons in the neighborhood of the White
House and you wait for Bo Biden to be
walking to the helicopter in his statue
like way where he's moving so little
that you're not sure he's real and you
wait for a stat you wait for a pigeon to
land on its
head now if it happened in front of a
gaggle of
photographers and a pigeon landed on his
head because it mistook it for a
statue the election's
over that's right we are one bird
away from doing it and the reason I even
thought of it is that I wondered if it
would happen
organically I wonder if it would ever
just happen on its own that a bird would
just land on his head because he's not
moving like regular people I would think
even a bird could
recognize that there's not light life in
the normal way that's happening inside
his head
sometimes so one bird away you know who
I'm and by the way it have to it have to
be a dirty
trickster with a good sense of
humor if you know who you are all right
um here's the big uh here's the fun part
those of you who waited to the end
here's your payoff you ready you want to
have some fun we're going to have some
fun
now so uh do you remember I'm going to
I'm going to lead into it because it's
more fun that way do you know how uh
Soros he got a zillion dollars which he
uses to influence things and so you say
to yourself wow it sure pays to have
billions of dollars so you can influence
things but lately sorus is getting a
double benefit not just hey you're rich
and you're influencing things
but he's getting credit for figuring out
the cheapest way to do it so he's
figuring out that just funding top
politicians gets you so far but funding
District
Attorneys and attorney generals gets you
a lot because they can arrest Trump and
they can arrest
Republicans so the the big thing that
Soros did was figuring out a really
clever model of spending the least
amount of money for the biggest Bang in
politics and then he used that method to
try to take out Trump so his Soros
funded prosecutors very clever technique
to get to the the lowest level of power
and then they successfully prosecuted
Trump at least one of them
did now what is it that we know about
Trump we know that when somebody uses a
weapon against them that one of his most
famous mov moves is to grab the weapon
out of the hand of the assaulter and
turn it around on him like that he does
he does it linguistically and persuasive
wise so if they find a tool that really
works against them he's probably the
number one in the world to figure out
how to make a tool like that or to turn
it around on
them hold on I'm going to get to the
good stuff you're going to like
it and then we saw that uh Biden this
play where he was going to uh uh
cleverly do something even smarter than
Soros so Soros uses his own money but he
cleverly uses it in the most effective
way Biden figured out that if he used
somebody else's money the government's
money or the the taxpayers and he gave
it to students for student debt relief
he could buy himself some
voters but it didn't really work as well
as he hoped because it turned out to be
sort of an elitist thing because people
with student loans are going to do
better in life than the people who might
have to fund it who are you know driving
for Uber or
something so Trump now has experienced
two things he saw the Soros came up with
a new model for using a lot of money but
using it in the most strategic way at
the same time he watched Biden uh
totally screw the pooch by coming up
with this even better idea of using
somebody else's money somebody else's
money that's the best way to buy votes
but it was that elitist problem you know
so he got that wrong so what did Trump
do he took those two
models he put them together and then he
fixed the part where where Biden screwed
the pooch and made it look
elitists he goes to Nevada stands in
front of the crowd and says
if I'm president I'm going to get rid of
your federal taxes on gratuities and
tips you tips are
gratuities you see what he did he used
somebody else's money the
government except he gives it to service
workers who are by definition not
Elites so he solved he solved Biden's
problem of taking money from poor people
and giving it to
Rich the service people are the you know
sort of
Bedrock you know level of working people
who don't have enough to you know get
their own house usually so we got that
part
right but it gets
better there are about 4 million people
who work for uh tips how many of the
four million people just said to
themselves you know I don't follow
politics too
much but I definitely want to not pay
taxes on my
tips and then how many parents are there
for those 4 million people because they
tend to be younger people well let's say
they're two parents for each so that's
another 8 million who say you know what
anything to get my kid out of the
house and live on their own you know any
little thing to help my kid I'm
in so that's 8 million plus the 4
million who actually get the tips Trump
bought 12 million vot voters with
somebody else's money and made it in the
right direction which is toward people
who need
it but it gets
better there's also people like me it
maybe
you people like me is the category of
people who used to work for tips for
years I worked at a resort where I was
carrying bags and and doing things for
tips I've served tables for tips I've
been a a bus boy for tips if you ever
ever
ever have a job in which you work for
tips you will be cursed for the rest of
your life to over tip every single
person you tip and I do because I have a
bond with every single person who ever
has or ever will work for tips if you if
you own a
motorcycle and you and you pass somebody
else on a motorcycle it's just the two
of you you always give them a nod don't
you do you know the motorcycle
nod the nod any everybody with the
motorcycle knows it right you're like
motorcycle you're one of me yeah if
you've ever been a service worker you're
always
one you're always a service worker if
you've ever been one never goes away
it's like being in the Marines except
you know less glamorous you're always a
marine you know you're just not fighting
anymore but you're always a marine same
thing
so Trump managed to buy 20 million votes
is with somebody else's money moving the
money in the right direction toward the
people who need it and we have affection
for but it gets
better it's almost certainly enough to
win Nevada because Nevada is a big
service industry
state so he want a state basically just
bought it with other people's money in a
way that even people who use even the
people like me whose money is being used
I go you know what I'm I'm I'm down for
that let's give the service people to
break but it gets better it gets
better the service workers of America
are the single most diverse group of
human beings anywhere on
Earth I don't know if you've ever been
to any place to have service workers but
they are super super diverse
just
naturally you know and and did did Trump
ever say oh and this will be good for
your
diversity no he did it the Trump way he
did it the right way you're
humans you're in a situation I'm going
to deal with you as human Americans in a
situation if you want to talk about race
that's
fine but that's not why
but it gets
better this is my favorite
part from now until the end of time if
Trump gets away with this and he
actually you know delivers and he's
pretty good at delivering on campaign
Promises by the way he's got a good
track record of at least trying hard you
know the wall didn't get built but we
saw him try really hard if he gets away
with
this for the rest of his
days he will have the best restaurant
EXP experience of any human being in the
history of
civilization and he likes to eat
out and it gets
better his own
employees are service workers a lot of
them so even Trump employees who work
for tips they're
down who are service service workers uh
dating and married to
a whole bunch of people who
vote
yeah now remember I told you that
there's something happening with the
Trump campaign where there's a level of
just sheer
Brilliance that's coming out of the
campaign but it's a little bit hidden by
what he doesn't do
wrong the Brilliance is in the not
mistakes the Brilliance is that when
that he'll be no mistake no mistake no
mistake and then when he takes swing
this is a swing it's a home
run it it's like he's only hitting home
runs now it's like a frozen ripe if you
ever heard that term if you hit a hit a
baseball really hard and it's lot long
and flat that the sports casters might
call it a frozen
rope he's hitting Frozen Ropes every
time he gets up and I just have to give
a compliment again whoever it is you
know of course all the credit goes to
the campaign or to the candidate because
he he has to say yes or no to any ideas
and that's the real skill the yes and no
to the ideas but whoever is giving the
ideas there's something good happening
here right I think V is part of the mix
but it's amazing I would like to end
with this idea that there are now at
least four kinds of beliefs in the world
there's the normal scientific belief
where you say um this is so well proven
and demonstrated that you know I believe
it's true so it's like fact-based belief
then you've got religious belief which
is very different which is you know you
just feel it and it's not fact-based you
know you could point to some facts but
mostly it's belief it's just a choice
lifestyle whatever but there's you know
something beyond the scientific
data then there's the Lux
beliefs I know Greg gell has been
talking about this lately and um others
he he didn't inv invent the term was it
Henderson I forget who invented the term
um but that is things that are uh easy
for you to say because you're not the
one who have to pay the price so in
other words you might have to say hey
let's open those borders because I
really love all people but you live in a
rich Community that'll never have any
problems so it's a luxury y for you to
say oh I'm such a good person because
the expense is paid by somebody you
don't have to deal with but I think
there's another category I'm going to
add I call it recreational belief a
recreational belief is that uh Biden uh
crapped his pants in
Normandy I don't really believe he
did not even a little bit I saw the
video no he didn't crab his pants but
it's
funny so I I adopted as a record
creational belief likewise there are a
lot of topics with aliens and
whatnot and I think uh Greg geld also
called this out there now um I'm told
there are at least three different types
of aliens there's the uh the little ones
the little gray
ones and then there's a taller gray one
and then there's one that uh is
basically James Carville so he's a third
kind of alien I I don't know if he's
technically an Al but they allegedly
look just like James
Carville
um but I don't even know why I brought
that up except that there are lots of so
I I like I like learning about the
pyramids and the aliens but it's not
that I believe believe in them I just
totally think it's entertaining so it's
recreational belief and I'm going to
quote uh one more uh Greg gelt I was
watching the five yesterday um the five
was
amazing I think it might have been one
of their best programs of all time and
it's fun because it's the election
season uh I was watching judge Janine
just tear apart I forget which topic and
I thought oh my God that's just the best
anybody's done on that topic and then
Greg had this
winner uh he was talking about Trump
versus Biden you know Biden sort of on
the side of the woke people whereas uh
Trump is on the side of the working
people it's literally the the woke
versus the work the wok the woking man
versus The Working
Man I thought it it works better in
writing you know because then you just
notice the r is missing and it's the
only difference uh but the woking man
versus The Working Man that's a pretty
strong
frame you once you hear it you're like
oh I see it all
right
um the brilliant is that yeah it's
pandering but it
works oh Trump can eat out Trump still
goes to restaurants when he was in New
York he went to a bunch of
restaurants all right and also uh so
here's what's
happening in this summer uh and I think
it all comes back to Elon Musk I think
Elon musk's purchase of X we know it's a
big deal but I think it's going to be a
long time before we realize how big a
deal it was I mean I think history is
going to deal with it as like one of the
major turning points in
Civilization uh and I think Elon knew
that when he did it so now that we have
something like free speech somebody like
me can get completely cancelled but I
can reconstitute and I only could do
that because I'm on X so X allowed me to
tell everybody hey I I can't but you can
find me over here plus I get paid for
you know X engagement and I put Dilbert
on there as well as on locals so without
the
xplatform not cancelling me I could not
have survived from the cancelling in the
real world so that saved me so now what
happens after I get cancelled but I get
saved well I'm twice as loud twice as
loud oh you're not going to stop me now
because I got I I I'm I'm in for this is
a different game now now I'm playing for
real it's time I'm not leaving anything
on the on the
field this is this is balls to the wall
whatever it takes legally of
course
and so I'm one of the voices not the
biggest one but one of the supporting
voices against Dei and I make it a safe
for other people to say what they need
to say because I said it and nobody
killed me that time so it makes it safe
so I think that uh you know Christopher
rufo more than anybody probably fighting
Dei and then people like me and people
like you know all the reasonable
people I think that makes it uh makes it
safe for the Republicans to look at JD
Vance's Bill and say you know what we
can get rid of EI and we can do it
full-throated and we can do it without
apology because we tried it it didn't
work it is racist we know why it doesn't
work we know what it breaks now we can
get rid of it so we had to get to this
point you know we had to let the other
the the let's say the preachy female
team we had to let them fail before
Republicans could find their
balls because as long as it was just
play around and nobody was getting hurt
it was hard to argue against it but then
people started getting hurt and then
people started getting canceled and then
people got mad and then people got
busy and we're in a corrective phase of
all corrective
phases we we have largely destroyed we
collectively largely destroyed the
credibility of the regular news outlets
that needed to be done
created a safe space where you can even
make money if you get canceled in the
outside world with an axe and I would
say that even even though it's elon's
money and Elon did it without everybody
really seriously buying into that
experience it wasn't going to happen or
at least not as successfully right the
people who decided to stay here and
fight it out for uh for all the right
reasons it paid
off I think I saw covich say that uh his
hoax movie is being re-released I don't
know if there's any changes to it but
you're going to see uh again in a
nonviolent way uh people are going to
empty the clip right or empty if that's
the right term they're gonna the people
are going to leave it all out and I
think uh we're going to say what needs
to be said we're going to do what needs
to be done and I believe conservatives
are going to do what they need to do
what need to do and I don't know how
many times I have to explain this I
don't think Democrats will ever
understand that conservatives and
Republicans are flexible really
flexible until they're
not and now we've achieved
not we're in not we're we're in find out
all right we're not in around
territory we're we're in you found out
and now we're going to fix it so we're
definitely in a giant corrective um
situation plenty of perils lots of
perils but let me give you my best
prediction of what's going to
happen I think that if you looked at the
Integrity of the upcoming election or
the or the last one and you said to
yourself my filter on this is have
courts found any uh bad problems and the
answer is no so if that's your filter on
the world that whether a court found it
to be true or not well you're an idiot
can can I say that plainly I can say
that right if if you're filter on what
is true and not true is whether the
court found it true or not true you're a
 idiot you can just look at the
court cases that you're seeing right in
front of you you can see the law fair
against Trump you can see the uh the all
the things that get
reversed and you can see that the courts
turn down things for standing and all
kinds of reasons right if you
believe that truth comes from what the
courts say you're just a idiot
there there's no Nuance to that you're a
 idiot if you if you're going to
even say that in public how about I
don't even listen to you I just say well
that's a idiot to say thing to
say now here's another way to understand
reality if you don't want to use the
court
filter what's your reality let me tell
you my reality everything in science
looks to be driven by money and
therefore if it's true it's only a
coincidence science is mostly
still the best thing we have but mostly
it's all right it's mostly
money chasing half of the studies are
not re
reproducible and even the ones that are
reproducible end up falling apart later
so yeah it's mostly because
money drives everything our expert class
mostly because they're in money
our political conversation all
everybody knew that our news
media back in Walter kronite days I
thought there was real news there was
never real news we now know that the
media is just a an intelligence
operation right so that's gone we know
that the legal system is completely
corrupt we're watching it in real time
the lawfare against Flynn the laware
against uh Peter Nar the law fair
against Bannon the law fair against
January 6 we know that our financial
system is rigged in the sense that it's
good for rich people and you know
Venture capitalists who make a lot of
money and stuff like
that so basically we can see that every
single system is corrupt we can also see
that hackers can get into the most the
most secure systems in the world they
get into apparently according to our own
government Chinese hackers are already
into our major infrastructure things do
you think that our major infrastructure
has worse cyber
security than the election systems that
are run independently in all the
different states and precincts do you
think every one of those States and
precincts have uh cyber security that
unique in the world they can know that
they've been hacked and prevent it
nobody else can do it there was an
Iranian nuclear facility that couldn't
do it you know stuck SN got them and all
of these uh blackmail things where the
blackmail hackers will close down some
companies facility and say if you don't
give us money you'll never be able to
reopen
it how's that happen all of those
companies have the you know Fortune 500
topshelf cyber security every one of
them gets hacked
but yet you're going to tell me that the
election system's not hacked and then on
top of that when the dog isn't barking
this loud you got to pay attention to it
the dog not barking is why do we have
electronic voting machines I'm open to
the fact that there's a reason I haven't
heard but I am kind of an expert in the
field of buying new equipment and
justifying it right no matter what it is
I I could have very easily done the
business business case for electronic
voting
machines that would be well within my
capabilities and training I don't know
of any reason for them other than
cheating and to me it seems obvious that
is a
reason short of any other reason but I'm
also open that somebody could give me a
different reason
now so those are your two worldviews one
worldview is everything that can be
corrupted and has any value is corrupted
and we observe it in every domain
everyone show me an exception you can't
every important domain is quite corrupt
and we observe it don't need a
magnifying glass it's right in front of
you and we are told that the only thing
not corrupt is the most easily
corruptible thing which is the election
system in my opinion is probably the
most easily corruptible
thing how about
no how about no so here's my
prediction Trump should be way ahead in
a natural vote
situation Democrats are now convinced
that they will be
jailed if Trump wins they're not
entirely wrong I mean he's not going to
take Rachel madow to let me say this
directly Rachel
madow and AO and
AOC there's no way that Trump is going
to try to lock you up for unless there's
some crime we don't know about that's
like a real crime if he tries we'll stop
him can I can I get some backup on that
in the comments if Trump tried to jail
somebody just for being a Critic we will
stop him that's not cool I wouldn't put
up with that for a second not a second
so that's a promise we we will go hard
against Trump if we need to cuz that's
how we roll that's how men
roll right you don't get you don't get
uh you don't get loyalty unless it's
returned and I would not consider that
loyalty returned if Trump started
jailing citizens that didn't commit a
crime and he's not there's no chance of
that there's really no chance and if you
still think there's a chance I promise
you we will personally stop it we
meaning everybody whoever voted for him
we would shut it down immediately
there's no way we're going to
let that happen to you now you tell me
the same thing Rachel Rachel madow and
AOC make me the same promise tell me if
they put me in in jail for
 that you personally will say
that's not right and you'll do what you
can to reverse it because I'll give you
that promise in the heartbeat I will
absolutely try to reverse it if anybody
tries to Peter Navaro you if anybody
tries to abandon you uh
I'm not cool with that I'm I'm actually
completely cool with Hunter's gun um
thing being overturned by the Supreme
Court because of Second
Amendment I'll be fine with that now is
he technically guilty yeah sure sure but
I don't want to live in a country where
we're chasing people for
 right so no we're not going to
go after Rachel matow and AOC for
 that's just not how anybody
rolles on on that side of the
equation so here's my prediction I
believe that uh Biden will make it to
the vote a lot of people are saying he's
definitely definitely going to be
replaced I believe that he has to say it
or it's not going to happen and he's not
going to say it I don't believe they're
going to 25th amendment him because they
just just won't be able to do it I I I
think they just won't be able to wrap
their heads around it so I think he's
going to make it to the starting line
meaning the election day I think Trump's
going to beat him by a lot in the real
vote and then I think there'll be a last
minute surge just like the last time in
which a whole bunch of sketchy illegal
votes come in and then the election will
be
thrown and then the fun part
happens it will be so obvious that even
the Democrats are going to raise their
hand and say
wait that's the key
I if no Democrat raises their hand and
say okay that's too far then probably
they just get to rig the election and
jail the jail jail the Republicans
including
Trump but if it's such a big obvious
rigged election in other words it just
doesn't agree with the the legitimate
polls at
all then I think there's going to be at
least a few Democrats who say you know
what I'm
out I'm out
there's a really good chance that that
the election will be
redone and just thrown out so I think
the odds of having a result around
election day are low because I think the
cheating will will destroy the system
it's largely guaranteed because they
think they'll go to jail if they don't
cheat this time and I'm pretty sure that
there's always been
cheating so my prediction is an election
which the votes go to Trump the elction
goes to Biden but it'll be so obviously
rigged that even Democrats will agree
stop we can't do
this so that's that's what you look for
look for the Democrats to say this is
just too obviously rigged can't live
with it we're we're not willing to live
with this and by the way things will get
really frothy if that happens and I
think it will so my prediction is no
result I think they're going to have to
run the whole election again
and I think they're going to run it
without uh without Biden as a candidate
so I don't know if anybody's made this
prediction before but I say Biden
runs the election is not accepted maybe
the Supreme Court steps in and they just
say it didn't happen there there's not
enough credibility in the outcome that
we can certify this and then they're
going to say Biden's to
gone let's run this without Biden see
what
happens and then there will be a result
which by the way doesn't necessarily
mean it goes Trump's way you know it
might be that the way the Democrats win
is by calling their own election fake so
they can replace Biden then and then
have a chance of
winning so weirdly it might be the
Democrats calling their own election
fake because that could be the only path
they have to get a Democrat
president so I'm going to stick with
that no result um for the election I'm
not saying that there's no result right
away I'm not saying that it will take
months to get a result I'm saying the
election will be
discarded and that there's almost no way
around it look look at the setup and
tell me which part won't
happen Democrats believe that they're
going to
jail they have to
cheat everybody who's trying to avoid
jail is going to do whatever it takes to
avoid jail
and we can't nobody believes that that
the election systems are the only the
only non-ig system in in the United
States no smart person thinks that right
it could be that they haven't cheated so
much that it made a difference in the
past maybe I don't know but nobody
believes that the system is completely
clean so that's my prediction there will
be no election in
2024 it'll run but it will not be
accepted by either side Andor the
Supreme Court and that ladies and
gentlemen brings me to conclusion of my
prepared reports and I went way too long
so I'm going to say bye to YouTube and x
and Rumble and I'm going to talk
privately to the locals people if they
want to hang in here um but I'm going to
stall for just a moment so that I don't
rudely turn this off
all right locals people coming at
you
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e e