bumm bumm okay this is gonna be a brief
periscope on one topic I would like to
solicit any climate whistleblowers to
reveal themselves to me confidentially
and you will not be revealed so if there
are climate change whistleblowers people
who are directly involved in the science
and you have to be currently working or
or recently quit and you have to be
legitimately on the inside knowledge of
some climate change shenanigans and if
you can reveal yourself to me and the
best way to do it is on LinkedIn so if
you're going to LinkedIn then I'll see
what your credentials are you can send
me a message and ask to be connected I
connect with everybody who asked me on
LinkedIn and then you can send me a an
email now I can't guarantee that there
isn't somebody in the world monitoring
digital communication but that would be
the government or the social network
platforms I can't guarantee that
nobody's watching that stuff but I also
don't think they care so I think you're
safe
the only thing I can promise is that I
will not in any intentional way ever
reveal your name in any way unless you
specifically ask me to do that now
furthermore I will show you how to get
rich so that any risks you might have of
coming public but only if you want to
come public there's nothing about this
offer that requires you to go public you
don't have to but if you did I will set
up a mechanism for you to get rich for
example I can do it in a few different
ways I could find a sponsor I could find
a billionaire who really really cares
about getting to the bottom of things
and say look give me X dollars and I
will I will present you this person if
they don't have the goods you don't have
to pay but we can work out a deal I'll
be like you're like your agent if you
have the goods I'll be your agent and
find a way to pay you a massive amount
of money to tell your story publicly but
you don't need to you could just come
out to me tell me your story
and try to convince me that you've seen
a real bad behavior in the scientific
community now let me be clear the type
of person I'm looking for would be
someone who has direct evidence that the
temperature measurements are fake that
would be ideal someone who works with
temperature measurements and knows them
to be fake if such a person exists and
by the way I should tell you that I
don't believe such people exist I'm
testing it and so so this is just a
system to find out if anything emerges
now there are very few people in the
world who could make this kind of an
offer and seem it all credible I think
everybody's gonna watch you Lee knows
I've argued both sides of climate change
I've argued that there's a lot of BS on
both sides and that I can't tell exactly
what's true because I can't evaluate the
science and there's so much BS and
marketing and hyperbole that I can't get
to the bottom of it so I am genuinely
open-minded and the only thing that I
would like to accomplish is to see if
society can come to a better
understanding now what I expect is
nobody will come forward and I don't
want to hear any more that people are
afraid to come forward because I don't
think anybody has a good reason to be
afraid of talking to me personally and
if they say that's as far as it goes I
will never mention your name to my best
friend I won't say it to my dog I won't
mention it to Christina I won't tell my
brother I won't tell somebody later I
will never mention your name in fact I
will never write your name and I will
never speak your name if that's what you
want so you have a safe way to tell your
story if you are a climate change and
whistleblower and I'll talk to you
ways that you could get rich by telling
your story but it's optional it's
optional if you want you can just talk
to me and that's the end of it so that's
my offer now we can't say that at the
end of this we have a conclusive answer
if nobody comes forward because you can
still say well and not everybody heard
about it people have the reasons
so it's possible nobody will come
forward but I don't want to take off the
table
the certainty that if somebody came
forward it would be a bad decision I
could get you a book deal I can get you
speaking engagements I can get a
GoFundMe going I can make you rich I'll
find an oil company that'll pay you I'll
find somebody who will pay you a lot if
you're real and you have the goods all
right so that's my offer and I'm gonna
leave this out there for a little while
I'll repeat it a few times on periscope
I might tweet it now some of you are
saying there already are whistleblowers
there already are I'm not looking for
the kind of whistleblower such as Judith
curry
who's great by the way so this is not a
criticism of Judith curry her criticisms
are public and they're about the
statistical appropriateness of methods
etc and I can't really judge whether
those are you know fair or not fair
but they also do not speak to collusion
so the jury the judith curry as far as I
understand her objections to climate
science are about the science not being
up to the standard it needs to be which
is fair but is completely different from
there are people who were secretly
trying to fool us by just making stuff
up and fudging the data so that's the
kind of whistleblower I'm looking for
I'm looking for anybody who believes and
has common has direct knowledge their
own knowledge that any of the data was
falsified just to make the case now I
don't believe that that applies to
judith curry
I don't believe that applies to anybody
else in the in the conversation I just
need that one person who will agree with
Tony Heller famous climate skeptic Tony
Heller who says that the temperature
data has been intentionally and in a
widespread manner falsified to tell the
story if you can if you can come forward
and show that that's true you've
actually worked in that field and you
saw it yourself I can make you rich
so come come out to me go to LinkedIn
look up my name I'm easy to find request
a connection I connect with everybody
not right away might take me a few days
to sign on and then you can send me a
message and send me a message and tell
me your story you don't have to put any
more details than the message than you
want you could just say you know I'm
your whistleblower contact me and we
could just do it verbally so there's
nothing written down so however you want
to do it we'll do it all right
that is all for today and I will update
you as we do or do not find a
whistleblower