pom pom pom pom pom pom hey everybody
come on in the air hey reg he's a seer
hey JP it's time you know it's time it's
time for coffee with Scott Adams it's
one of your top one sips of the day and
it's good to be in the top one winning
feels good
grab your mug your jug you're the vessel
your cup you're a glass your container
filled with liquids of your choice
preferably coffee and join me for the
simultaneous it well we've got a few
things to talk about today if you were
watching Fox & Friends this morning you
probably saw Bill Polti on there talking
about blight Authority and how we have a
new forum up I've been working with Bill
to put up a place where we can collect
ideas for how to fix urban areas
ideally fix them and use some of the
land that's been cleared by the blight
Authority nonprofit organization bill
poultice head of that I'm gonna have him
on periscope live tomorrow so we'll talk
more about that tomorrow but I wanted
you to see the the new website between
now and then if you have some ideas for
what to do with the lab that's been
cleared in these urban areas that were
blighted this would be - the time to
make suggestions we're just trying to
find people who have ideas people who
have resources put them all on one page
so to speak and see if we could make
some connections maybe get something
going hard to know what comes out of it
but it's a system not a goal if you have
some ideas just go there blade Authority
calm polite - thorny calm he clicked the
forum
and you can just add your ideas and it's
okay if they're commercial so if you're
a vendor you make a product and it makes
sense in that world just go ahead and
put it there we'd love to see it all
right more about that tomorrow we'll
have bill on your live and we'll talk
about that let's talk about
Infowars as probably all of you know
Infowars got booted off of Apple's App
Store got booted off of YouTube that's
owned by Google and got booted off of
Facebook effectively putting them out of
business now apparently there's still an
Infowars app and I believe if you get
the app you can watch all the in floors
you want but they're really in bad shape
without those major platforms now the
question you might ask yourself is this
is it a coincidence that all three
platforms acted at the same time
no it's not a coincidence the only thing
we don't know is whether they had
planned it in advance or after the first
one went the other said oh this is a
good time to do it because we have cover
so there was safety in numbers and they
colluded to take away the the right or
the freedom of speech if you will for
Infowars now I waited a while to comment
on this I waited a while to comment and
the reason is I'm trying to use the the
48-hour rule if somebody says or does
something that looks terrible give them
48 hours to explain because it might not
look the way you think it looks for
example could these three companies that
dropped in force do they have reasons
that I'm not aware of or do they have a
good justification that if I saw it I
would say oh my first reaction was stop
reducing you know the platform for
people you don't agree with but then
maybe I would look at their reason and I
would say oh well I didn't know they did
this you know net that changes
everything but isn't that kind of
missing and this story where's the part
where the major platforms that took
Infowars off gave specific reasons and
said this violated our our Terms or not
and here's what I'm starting to wonder
and here's the scariest part about this
you know obviously the scariest part is
they're coming for you know Breitbart
next and God knows what so that's the
scary part but what what do you think
would be the rationalization for the big
platforms Apple Google through YouTube
and Facebook what do you think that they
said internally for why they banned
Infowars and not someone else now I'm
sure that they said oh it's about pizza
gate it's about Sandy Hook etc but do
they say to themselves
we must ban this because it's inaccurate
or do they say we're gonna ban it
because it's intentionally inaccurate do
you see the difference can you be kicked
off of the internet because you were
wrong about something
suppose you are honestly wrong if you
are wrong can you be kicked off the
internet even if the wrongness is a
terrible wrongness but it's an honest
wrongness could you be kicked off
because that feels different to me than
trying to whip up problems by making
stuff up and here's the question I put
to you would the big platforms have
banned Infowars
for simply being in act
in their opinion and lots of people's
opinion but do you think that's all they
were thinking or does their
justification require wait for it wait
for it mind reading is the justification
for kicking Infowars off their platforms
that they believe because they've read
the minds of Alex Jones from the
distance with their superpowers that he
means to do things that are provocative
and dangerous and he knows he's doing it
and that he's not trying to be accurate
I'm just putting the question out there
because it seems to me if you could be
banned for being inaccurate well there
goes there go CNN there goes Fox News
there goes every major platform because
every major platform has had major
inaccurate stories now usually they
correct them and perhaps that's the
standard they don't always correct them
but but maybe maybe the big platform
said well it's okay to be wrong but once
you learn you're wrong maybe you should
do something about it
take down your post corrected or
something like that but I haven't heard
that have you heard that I haven't heard
any reason like that so in the absence
of a clarification and technically they
would have you know I'd say they've got
another 24 hours to clarify
but if 48 hours go by and the big
platforms do not clarify why Alex Jones
was kicked off and someone else is not
you must assume I guess yeah I won't say
must but it would be quite reasonable
and I would say rational to assume that
their reason is based on mind-reading
actual literal imagining that they know
what another person is thinking who was
a stranger to them and they have likely
never had a con
with them so if you're getting banned
for what people with big platforms
imagine you're thinking imagine you're
thinking if that was the basis for the
ban that's a big problem if it's
something else
I'm open to argument if the you know I'm
open let's hear what you got to say all
right so my current so my current mode
I'm in Infowars is the big platforms
have a lot of explaining to do I give
them 24 more hours
if 48 hours go by and they don't care to
explain I'm going to take a far more
radical opinion on their ethics and
their value in society and more
importantly or more rationally whether
they should be regulated now if the
government just needs to regulate them I
would be happy to put the full weight of
my persuasion on that case I prefer not
having the government get involved in
anything if it's if it's if it's
practical
but given that these big companies have
a stranglehold on communication and
commerce in the United States they're
not like any other business they're just
not so if we need to make them regulated
that's I guess that's the next big thing
I'll work on all right let's talk about
police shootings police shootings are
always in the news black lives matter
again is in the news for apparently they
they found one of the policemen who has
involved in Sacramento unarmed shooting
situation with an african-american
teenager I think it was a teenager and
the you know the body cams and the
evidence show he was unarmed but he did
have something in his hand and
wasn't and it was dark it he wasn't
responding and there were there were
reports of something going on dangerous
that that he was accused of but the so
we don't know the full situation there
but black lives matter found that one of
the police involved was getting married
and they actually intruded on his
wedding or I don't know if it was the
wedding-worthy
maybe it was the rehearsal or something
but that's pretty aggressive that's
pretty aggressive and I was thinking to
myself there are several paths that you
could work on for fixing police
shootings let's say you think that's a
big problem and what are the ways you
could work on it you could work on it by
punishing police which largely would be
enforcing the current law so making sure
that let's say if there's a falsified
police report around some police
violence with a suspect maybe there's
you know more prosecution you could make
rule changes so that could be good I
don't know exactly what those would be
but that would be a path you could maybe
have more training for the police that
can only get you so far
if I was looking at that Sacramento
example I don't know how training would
have made any difference it was just an
obit ambiguous situation that you know
if you have enough ambiguous situations
people are going to get shot so what you
don't see is all the times that nobody
got shot you know it's a very imperfect
situation when you're chasing people at
night and they may or may not be armed
people are going to get shot so we don't
know how bad that is because we don't
know how many people didn't get a shot
in that context and that actually
matters and then the other way would be
to fix the urban areas because here's my
observation the number of of people
being shot in my neighborhood by police
let's say you know people who didn't
didn't have a coven people people who
were not committing any violence at the
moment of the shooting is about zero
because I live in an upscale
neighborhood so economics is the biggest
lever for reducing police shooting
because in a nice neighborhood
you know if the economics are good you
just have fewer people committing crimes
fewer reasons for the police to be
involved in anything fewer opportunities
to make mistakes so I would say that
economics is probably the the biggest
lever to deal with any kind of police
violence etc still have to do make sure
you got your training right make sure
that you're prosecuting when you need to
but I'll tell you what is a complete
waste of time here's what's a complete
waste of time
a hundred percent of everything black
lives matter is doing completely
unproductive you can even you can
completely agree with their feeling or
emotion their position their their
situation you can have all the empathy
you want but it's also good to have a
strategy that doesn't make things worse
and black lives matter kind of getting
tough with police who are under and
they're they're under the system now the
system is investigating these police
officers this system generally works and
the system will decide if this was just
a tragic accident or something more
sinister now I watched the video to me
it looks like an accident like there's
no possible way in my view that these
police officers didn't believe they were
in danger yeah it just looks like they
did could they have handled it better of
course that's what makes it a mistake
but I wasn't there and it didn't look
like it did
not look like a clean situation so when
black lives matter goes after a police
officer for something that's still under
investigation
and is clearly ambiguous in terms of you
know would another person have made the
same mistake or not in that same
situation that is so unproductive
totally unproductive imagine that same
effort going into you know helping the
urban area so that there's just less
crime and fewer police activities etc so
that's my feeling on that somebody
mentioned did I see the video of candice
owens and charlie kirk coming out of a
restaurant I believe they were having
breakfast and they were surrounded by I
don't think the people who were
protesting were necessarily anti Fah
I didn't see anything indicating that
but it was people with the blue and red
hair and bull horns and no upper body
strength
talking about the men and they were
getting loud and obnoxious
if you watch the video and it's worth
watching the funniest thing about it is
how unworried Candice was you have to
watch it just for that alright now I
don't know how brave how brave you are
but yeah if you put me in a crowd of
people who are yelling and very very
angry at me like angry so so angry that
violence is definitely an option
you know you the odds of one of them
getting violent or at least physical was
very very high even though even with the
police presence right you know we've
seen lots of video where the police
didn't stop the violence
you know they responded to it but they
can't stop it from happening
and watching candice stand in the middle
you know walking right into the middle
of it and watching all these people you
know yelling at her and just seeing her
like just smile
it was pretty awesome you know and
Charlie Couric will of course was also
yeah I would make the same comment about
Charlie Couric but he's bigger than
literally every person in the crowd
whereas Candice is not so it's sort of a
different different level of courage
going on there so that was fun to watch
the way she handled that let's talk
about queue some people are still trying
to solve my puzzle if they do they'll
know the truth about queue nobody has
quite solved it but a few people and I'm
just blown away by the the intelligence
of people who follow this issue so I
want to be very clear because I think
somebody misunderstood what I said about
the followers of queue the followers of
queue are probably on average way above
average and intelligence but
intelligence doesn't help you it doesn't
protect you from confirmation bias from
a cognitive distance those those things
are just unrelated so you could have all
the intelligence in the world and you're
still just as susceptible to persuasion
and but you might think you're not that
could make it even worse somebody's
asking for a simultaneous tip and I will
give it to you you're ready for the
second simultaneous it now I get a
little pushback on Twitter a few people
unfollowed me and they said that it was
unlike me to criticize people who are
Trump supporters and were also aq of
supporters and I thought to myself did I
did I do that because let me clarify I
think the people
are probably above average and
intelligence so let's let's put that out
there yeah compared to the average
people the cue followers are probably
way above average is my gas band and one
of the reasons that I responded with a
puzzle is that it's people like puzzles
smart people all right so don't get me
wrong
smart wise you're all good in my book
but that doesn't that doesn't mean
you're right on every topic right it
doesn't mean I'm right either
as smart as I like to think I am that
can often be wrong so but what I did say
is that attending a trump rally wearing
your Q stuff makes you a soft target for
the opposition so if what you want to
accomplish is making your own side look
less credible then you should wear your
Q support on the outside and wear the
hats and the t-shirts but just know what
you're doing just know that the
opposition media eats this for breakfast
and will use it to make you look
ridiculous and to make Trump supporters
look ridiculous we just saw that happen
I'm not speculating I don't have to
speculate about it because you can just
see it so it is not an insult to the
people to suggest that there's a better
way to manage the brand that they belong
to so don't take it personally as far as
people you're awesome whether you're
right is the question that you'll know
if you solve my puzzle so I tweeted my
puzzle anyway yesterday you can see it
in my timeline I asked the question
yesterday after watching some video of
an Tifa with their masks and their hoods
they're you know the dressing up like
Nazis or more like Isis the the
anti-shah costumes if you will are
pretty much just the ISIS outfits and
there might be
I'm no expert on the Middle East and
Syria but I'm thinking there are
probably some extra Isis outfits
available now so if you're if you're in
an toughie and you're looking to buy a
new outfit for the next event syria has
a whole bunch of them that they're just
they don't need them they ordered them
but it turns out there weren't enough
people to put in them anymore now you
can you can get the new ones from Syria
that Isis made for themselves but you
can repurpose them but you can get a
much better deal on I used one so if you
want to get your empty Fah costume used
syria has a lot of those too they might
require a little laundering a little bit
of laundering might be necessary you
might have to sell up a bullet-hole
something like that you know there might
be some stabby holes but no big deal
you know if you're out of budget and the
anti-fog people I'm guessing or mostly
mostly work for Starbucks if they have
jobs and they may need cheaper outfits
so I think Syria would be a good source
for that but what I asked about was how
could it be legal for them to wear their
masks and demonstrate when they have a
history of violence the group has a well
demonstrated history of violence and if
a group with a history of violence shows
up with masks and starts beating people
in public like seriously beating them to
hospitalize them I said to myself wait a
minute how are they not considered
domestic terrorists and then some folks
corrected me as I said before even smart
people like me get things wrong and here
was one of them and somebody said a few
people 70 links to stories about
antiphon u.s. security agencies label
the group
take terrorists but what's interesting
is that the two stories that I got were
both British publications I don't know
that there's an American publication who
has the story I haven't googled it that
could be but the two that people send me
were both British publications and I had
never heard this have had any of you
heard or did you know how many of you
knew that Anne tyfa was technically a
domestic terrorist organization
um so some of you actually knew it some
of you hadn't I I'm actually impressed
that a lot of you had heard it so it
looks like maybe half looking at your
comments half new haften but that's a
pretty big thing right in terms of facts
that's something we should all know and
then the other the other thing that
occurs to me is if a domestic terrorist
organization shows up in masks why are
they not all real arrested oh and why is
there no law against why is there no
federal law against masked
demonstrations once you know and maybe
maybe you have to have a you know a
dividing line that you know you can wear
a mask
unless you've been designated a domestic
terrorist organization I mean there
might be some ways you have to slice it
so the Halloween is still legal you
don't want a Halloween to be illegal or
the Gay Pride Parade to be illegal if
people are wearing masks
you don't want Mardi Gras to be illegal
right so it shouldn't be illegal just to
have a mask you should have something to
do with the context but in this tough
law world why in the world is there no
federal law that just says if you're
wearing a mask and you're a terrorist
organization you're going to jail that
seems like that just seems like a gimme
that's a layup isn't it there must be
some reason that we don't do it but I
don't know what it is whoever introduces
such a bill will be my new hero
there are local ordinances about wearing
masks
but because because the Department of
Homeland Security has designated this a
cross-border
national problem you know it's not
limited to a state it's a it's a federal
thing because they cross borders etc and
they're organized and they're a
terrorist group under those conditions
I'm no expert you know get me Alan
Dershowitz to comment on this so I know
what I'm talking about but it feels like
the federal government could just pass a
law say you can't wear those I mean
somebody said that there was a a Klan
law that the Klan can't wear their masks
but I don't know if that's local or
that's federal as well then the other
thing is I'm just wondering why you
can't kill a terrorist if a if Isis
showed up wearing their masks and let's
say hypothetically you knew they were
Isis and you knew that they came to a
place to do some Isis stuff and they
were actual terrorists could you kill
them I don't know what's the law on that
do they have to actually be you know
actively engaged or is it good enough
that they're unknown terrorists doing
their in a terrorist place to do
terrorist things would that be enough to
kill I don't know what's the long that
it's probably not legal to kill people
until you watch them do a crime now
isn't the most amazing thing about all
of this that there has not yet been
somebody on the right who unholstered
can you believe the level of restraint
that you're seeing from the Trump
supporters it's kind of it's it's just I
don't know it's hard to even express how
unlikely it is this such a large body of
people talking about terms
supporters could be so you know what's
the word harassed and injured and
attacked and that this is the biggest
group of gun owners in the probably
anywhere except I know maybe Afghanistan
and out of all those gun owners being
attacked on a fairly regular basis that
none of them have unholstered think
about that nobody has gunned down an
anti-fog person with a firearm anyway
yeah there have been scuffles but
nobody's used a firearm and I think I
think there's a lesson there there's
some kind of lesson about the legal
owners of guns who are the least likely
to use them so I'm impressed by that or
somebody said that anti-fog took credit
for harassing Candace Owens so I'll
assume that you're right about that
looks right now yes Republicans are pro
law but they also have an opportunity to
defend themselves so depending on where
they are I suppose they they may or may
not be able to carry so that could be
most of the question all right
so those are my questions for the day
why is an tyfa not all arrested as
domestic terrorists especially when you
have a you know a law-and-order
president what's up with that i think
that the police shootings the best way
to attack that is by making the urban
areas better making the economy better
and go to blight Authority calm to see
the website that bill pulled a and I
helped out put together to collect ideas
for making the inner cities better
places collect resources connect people
and we'll talk more about that tomorrow
when bills on and what else has happened
anybody have any more questions yeah
people are calling canvas Owens and Nazi
and crazy stuff by the way here's an
update on my as you know I engaged in a
experiment to start labeling all of my
haters on Twitter as Nazis when it was
appropriate not just randomly not just
somebody who disagrees with what I'm
saying but when people come after me
personally and it's just a personal
attack on social media I brand them in
Nazi and then I block them and I say
that and I don't know about your your
experience but I would say the amount of
hate that I have to consume every day on
social media using this new method is
probably down 90%
I've probably reduced the amount of hate
that I get to see by 90% and I also
think although I have no way to prove it
that if you come in and you show some
hate and you think you're on the side of
the Angels because the people who come
into hate against Trump supporters they
believe that they're sort of up here you
know that they're holy and moral and
ethical and the Trump supporters down
here and that it's totally appropriate
for them to come in and spew hate but
when you label a hater a Nazi and then
block them immediately what does that do
to their psychology I think it makes a
difference so everything I know about
how people work tells me that it
probably makes them think twice about
what they just did and almost nothing
else would do that if you just fight
back and say no you're misinterpreting
they will just keep misinterpreting if
you say well have I made my point and
clarify they will just fail to hear your
clarification and they'll just hate you
more
so there's nothing you can do engaging I
found that engaging was that as close as
you can get to a waste of time with the
haters I'm not talking about people who
have a factual claim that's different
from yours people who don't like your
idea I'm not talking about that I let
all them have their say so alright just
looking at your comments the cyber
censorship is the same as nudging yeah
you reminded me of I'm watching online
the the conversation about whether the
and and by the way the fact that the
news has been covering the Don jr.
meeting from whenever the hell that was
with the lawyer it's a meeting that was
supposed to be about something but
wasn't that's the worst
claim they have against the president
right now so the worst thing that the
biggest enemies of the president have is
the claim that there were that the
president's son went to a meeting that
didn't turn out to be anything because
they thought there was some information
and I'm watching CNN tried to find a way
to criticize this and so what they've
settled on is to say that well the
prison president has changed his story I
guess originally he said of course you
go to that meeting everybody gathers
information and then later there was
some letter he wrote talking about how
it was about adoption and then more
recently he's clarified again that
anybody goes to a meeting you know
anybody would attend a meeting if it's
about getting information now I sort of
was hoping that my opinion on this was
compatible with the law and the
Constitution but I don't really know
because I'm not a lawyer so I was
waiting for Alan Dershowitz to weigh in
on this question and the thing that I
believed to be true but without the
benefit
of any legal knowledge whatsoever I
believed to be true that it could never
be illegal to consume information no
matter the source unless you're the one
stealing it if you're the one who stole
the information then it's the stealing
that's the problem
but being exposed to information no
matter the source other countries etc it
seemed to me could never be illegal Alan
Dershowitz has clarified I think last
night of the night before that
constitutionally that I was correct that
although the critics of the president
are making a case that information is
has value and you can never receive
something of value that that was never
intended to be about information and
that if the and and that the
Constitution would be quite clear that
that would be an exception to the
receiving value situation because that
that standard just wouldn't work you
know if every if everybody's information
had value well let me let me give it to
you this way if there were a Supreme
Court ruling that said information had
value then do you have to start paying
taxes on it if you go to a business
meeting and somebody gives you some
information let's say you're you're an
entrepreneur you're you've got a
start-up and you haven't beating with
somebody to get some help just some free
information and it's useful good
information do you have to claim that on
your taxes no you don't because the the
Constitution doesn't say that's value in
the way that physical things or services
are yeah there would be a tax on my
periscopes right so the strongest case
that I'm seeing the enemies of Trump
make are about a meeting that has
nothing to do with anything and couldn't
possibly be illegal under any scenario
we can
illegal and nothing happened anyway so
even under the hypothetical example
there's something would have happened it
still wouldn't be illegal so it's two
full levels away from being illegal one
if it happened and there was real
information about Hillary and it really
came from Russians still totally legal
but it didn't happen so it's two full
levels away from being illegal that's as
far as you can get from being illegal so
let me let me give you another example
that would be like that I know you love
analogies I just picked up my coffee cup
and I'm not going to jail
do you know why it's not illegal it's
not illegal if you accuse me of thinking
about hitting you over the head and
killing you with my coffee cup but I
don't do it it's not illegal not illegal
alright so then the other the CNN also
was trying to make the case Anderson
Cooper's show caught a little of that
last night making the case that the
president keeps saying that that African
American people are dumb because he
called Maxine Waters low IQ and he
called Don Lemon and LeBron James dumb
and so Anderson Cooper's saying hey
isn't this a clear pattern of his dog
whistle racism and I was watching even
oh I hope I don't forget his name Cornel
West so african-american writer
intellectual professor Cornel West was
on the show presumably to take the case
against President Trump because he's an
anti-trump ER and anderson points out
hey he keeps saying
these things about black people and even
Cornel West much to his credit much to
his credit said now he basically insults
everybody which is just true
so Cornel West's reputation in my book
just went up a level for being honest
and and he didn't need to be that was a
situation where he could have just you
know joined the gang and said yeah
what's this pattern and I thought to
myself I was thinking about this a
little bit more does the president you
know use this insult more than others in
this you know for one community and I
thought if you were to look at all the
insults that the president uses they
tend to fit into categories so there's
the insult that you're stupid which is
used on you know Mika Brzezinski
and lots of other people there's you're
crazy or you're weak in some way those
are the ones right crazy stupid and weak
you know he used to make fun of people's
appearances but that was somewhat you
know pre pre running or pre presidency
yeah he definitely made fun of people's
appearances when he was running for
office I don't think he's done it as
president but maybe yes but if you think
about it his go two's for all of his
insults are you're you're crazy you're
stupid or you're some version of a week
including low-energy
and you can kind of go through the list
of all the people he's insulted as
president just just talking about
president and they're they're all in
there now suppose and it's also true
that the president responds to his his
you know famous critics anyway with
aggressive responses now given that Don
Lemon interviewed LeBron and that LeBron
was anti-trump and made it made it known
which of the three insults could the
president use against LeBron could he
say that LeBron is a weak or low energy
no if there's anything that LeBron James
is not it's weak and low-energy in fact
he's literally famous for his work ethic
right so that as an insult that wouldn't
be any good it worked great for Jeb Bush
it'll work great for Obama's foreign
policy stuff you could say that stuff is
weak but it wouldn't work could he say
the way he says that Bernie and you know
in a sense he calls Elizabeth Warren
kind of crazy would crazy
his his second of three major insults
would that have worked well LeBron again
you could say whenever you could
criticize him on lots of things I
suppose but he's not crazy you know
there's nothing about him that would
suggest crazy
so that would be not a good attack so
all this left is stupid would LeBron
James fit the stupid label well enough
in terms of making it a good insult well
I don't believe he he went to college in
fact check me on this I think that he
jumped immediately from high school
right didn't he go from high school to
the majors which doesn't make you stupid
want to be as clear as possible I'm just
talking about if you're gonna insult
somebody and you want it to be a little
sticky you want it to be at least sort
of in the ballpark of something that
somebody's confirmation bias would
support LeBron somebody just said poor
verbal skills yes
so LeBron has poor grammar so when he
speaks in public he misused his words
fairly regularly so that doesn't make
him stupid either
you know that's could be just you know
the influences and
he doesn't care and just doesn't matter
so there's no reason to think that
LeBron is stupid although I would say
his decision to not engage with the
president if you just look at you at
that decision that looks a little stupid
to me but you know lots of smart people
do things that I don't think a good idea
so that doesn't make LeBron stupid but
as an insult stupid was the only one
that had a chance because you know
people could say oh yeah he doesn't use
the right words he didn't go to college
he opposes the president you know even
meeting with the president which would
obviously be more productive
yeah meeting with the president would be
far more productive than insulting him
so that's just stupid
and then he was talking to Don Lemon so
the president got a twofer on that
because he thinks Don Lemon is dumb a
lot of people a lot of people who are
not fans of Don Lemon mostly Trump
supporters would agree now I'm not
saying that's true if you were to test
Don lemons IQ I'm sure it would be very
high you know he's got a high end job
very successful his grammar is perfect
there's no reason to think he's dumb but
if you watch his show it's so biased
that you you end up wondering what the
hell is wrong here the end does he does
he believe what he's saying so although
I'm not saying any of those people
involved in this story are dumb because
I don't have evidence that would support
that as an insult it was the only one
available so if you say to yourself oh
he's always using the dumb insult on
African American people first of all it
doesn't pass the sniff test because he
uses dumb against lots and lots of
people of all types and thirdly he
secondly he only uses three insults as
president and the other two didn't fit
that's it that's the whole story
[Music]
somebody somebody's saying they're both
dumb I'm not saying that they're smart
I'm not disagreeing with you I'm just
saying that if you were to you know
measure their IQs they're probably be
fine I'm sure that they would be
impressive IQs but television is
littered with people with high IQs that
are saying things that look stupid to us
the slightly different thing Oh somebody
says somebody has met both lemon and
LeBron and Bowl smart I think that's
probably true I doubt you could be as
good as LeBron at a sport that does
require more than athleticism I doubt
you could do as well as he does without
being pretty smart so my guess is he's
pretty smart
I'm sure Don Lemon has a high-end
education and did just fine in school so
I would not call him dumb by any stretch
of the imagination we just think we
think his opinions on TV looked up
that's slightly different all right I'm
gonna I'm gonna come back on in an hour
to talk about crypto currencies and give
you a little tutorial on wallets and
exchanges and give you an update on my
startup so if you if you see me come
back in an hour and you'd like a little
update on my startup which is kind of
exciting right now and you want to learn
more about what's it what's a wallet or
what's in exchange and how could you get
into crypto then I'll give you a little
tutorial I'll try to keep it simple and
useful you know tell you exactly what
you would need to do so that'll that'll
be a little bit later and I will talk to
you later