I'm pom pom pom pom pom pom pom pom hey
everybody come on in it's a very special
coffee with Scott Adams and before we
before I tell you what all the funds
going to be about this morning it's time
for the simultaneous if you know the
simultaneous if is the best sip of the
day and if you don't get it early well
somebody else is gonna get it are you
ready simultaneous sip everybody alright
well I am delighted today to be talking
with Dre Baldwin you can find him on
twitter @ @ @ s-- Dre all day is that
right great yes Jay Z an expert on
discipline motivation and mental
toughness these are all the things that
you want to know and these are this my
favorite topic Dre is coming to us from
Miami I'm connecting to him using the
interface app that's the the app that my
company makes is called interface by
when hub and you can connect to experts
and experts can make money or in this
case making making when tokens which we
hope will be on an exchange to turn into
money or real soon so let me introduce
Dre Baldwin Dre say hi to everybody on
periscope
I was calling everybody great and I'm
hoping our sound is pretty good I'm
trying I'm using a new technology here
using my iPad behind me and broadcasting
from my phone alright so Dre what is
what is the biggest problem that people
have with getting discipline what what
do you think is their biggest obstacle
to being disciplined
the biggest obstacle to being discipline
is that it's not fun for most people
they don't see it as something that's
it's not that people don't know what
discipline is everybody knows what it is
and this is something that I don't
remember where I said it but somewhere
either writing or speaking I've talked
about it last week is that if you have a
job and you show up every day and you
keep your job you have discipline
because you show up every day to do your
work work you have kids and you're
raising them your discipline if you go
to school or you play on the sports team
or you've done anything you have a
garden that you maintain and the grass
stays but you have discipline so it's
not that people don't know what it is or
that date is not even that they don't
have it's just there are certain areas
of life that it's painful for some
people to apply actually I think we all
have that is where it's painful for us
to apply this that's the challenge now
before we get into some of those details
you you used your own concepts here to
to to succeed in basketball is that
right that's right okay can you give us
a little background on on how you did
that shorten the shortest short version
is I started playing basketball from
Philadelphia I started playing
basketball at the age of 14 the
environment that I come from there's no
there's no grass at the playground field
so not many of us some people play
football but not many there's a tennis
court that nobody used there's a
baseball field that the grass doesn't
get cut I did play a little bit of that
there's no swimming pool we didn't know
any other sport so the only thing that
any most young men do is go to the
basketball court at least in our early
teens so I started playing at age 14 I
didn't have anyone teaching me I have a
sister she doesn't play sports I'm six
feet four inches tall my father is five
seven five eight Navy so he didn't play
basketball I put it there are a lot of
kids in the neighborhood playing there
were only maybe three coaches in the
neighborhood I don't want suddenly under
their wing so I had to teach myself and
this is in the mid-90s no YouTube no
programs online no Instagram so I just
went to the court and just started
trying stuff just to see what would work
out and invention we had started to work
finally made my high school basketball
team as
where I ever stand unbelievable two
points per game as a senior in high
school
that's 818 where no botan people are
gonna be in saying okay well you can be
successful in life but it probably won't
be in sports me 18 graduating high
school two points again but five years
later I will sign my first professional
basketball contract that was in
Lithuania and you're looking to me
saying he's a basketball player who was
you probably never heard of me because
my whole career was played out across
seas outside of the United States by
plays for nine years internationally and
while I was doing that I started making
programs making youtube videos and
that's where I kind of became known I
got more known through YouTube than I
did for my actual playing so what was it
what was it that very interesting what
was the point at which you thought I
could do this professionally
that's a great question around age 15-16
Scott I started believing because I saw
how quickly I was developing I was
actually getting better at basketball
despite the fact that and there was a
whole lot of their rationality in this
form I tried out for the high school
team in ninth grade tenth grade 11th
grade got cut the first day and those
you know how sports tryouts work there
are several Gumbel's of the tryout I
never made it past this first level of
tryouts cut every time but I was
improving so I started to believe you
know what I want to be a basketball
player I've always had this dream of
being rich and famous because that was
always the thing that I wanted that's
what I saw that was all the people who
had to success there seemed to be that's
what they had so I figured my path would
be through sports and around age 16 I
started thinking that maybe I could
become a professional but it was very
day he gives a a dream a goal but I had
no pass no plane and then at the age of
18 so this was the summer after high
school graduation so that summer between
high school and the start of college
that's the summer where I knew I was
actually good at basketball and players
asked me well Dre what does it mean to
be good how you notice are good and my
definition of good is at that point I
knew that you can put me on any
basketball court anywhere in the world
anybody and I would unruhe spectator by
the end of the day playing out there
that's when I knew I could actually
become a pro I did not know it wasn't
until years later maybe two or three
years ago that I learned what the actual
path would be my end but I had the
belief that I could do it by 818 now
like you said what was that irrational
do you think because you couldn't have
possibly known you you couldn't have
known that it would work out for you but
but did you did you feel you had you had
this something special I did and it was
absolutely 100% irrational believes I
could become a professional basketball
player there's a funny story I'll tell
you when I graduated from college
graduated from college I went to an NCAA
for those who follow sports I'm going to
see a division 3 school so I'm gonna
have a degree from Penn State the Penn
State just like every other state school
has several campuses across the state
right so I want you pinch State Altoona
which is the NCAA and in sports they're
d3 whereas the main campus is d1 with
the football team and all of that so I
went to a d3 school I did not put up
eye-popping stats I did lately but my
stats or not I didn't blow anybody out
of the water I didn't even play my
senior year so I got kicked off the team
by the coach my junior year and when I
got home from college my parents were
asking me naturally okay you got a
college degree now son what are you
gonna do and I said I want to play
professional basketball so you can
imagine just from the little bit I told
you about myself to this point how
ridiculous that you didn't make the high
school team to a senior you didn't even
play your senior year at a d3 college
now you're gonna become a professional
athlete like what sense does that make
it didn't make any sense none at all and
my mom just just tore into me they're
like man you went to school for years
I've sacrificed all my life for me and
my sister for you and your sister to get
good education so now you want to play
basketball listen you need to get a job
you need to get yourself a car you need
to get an apartment at the time I had
braids in my hair
you know cornrows since oh you need to
get haircut so these are all the things
that my mother couldn't believe that I
was thinking and it was still irrational
even to that point and I was so angry
from that conversation I didn't last out
my mom or anything but I was so angry
that someone could look at it and just
smack me in the face with that reality
quote unquote that that emotional drive
from that day pushed me to guarantee
that it was going to happen second so
yes with 1,000% irrational believe that
could work
now do you have some parental influence
you are you know we're one of your
parents sort of the same mental state as
you which is I'm just going to make this
happen
no absolutely not
because my parents were very much more
practical much more need realistic side
then with my mother and father my mother
was really the one who kind of laid down
of all Scott she was the one who made
the rules and enforce the rules and did
most of the talking my father was there
but he kind of met her as she kind of
steered the ship so I don't even know
what he really thought about it because
she was on such a roll that he kind of
just co-signed it but I would say the
discipline that I have developed since
then definitely 100% comes from my
mother so there was all right so I got
to ask you a mom question did your
mother tell you you were going to be
successful as something or did she
assumed you were going to be successful
or was that really not part of the
conversation it wasn't part of the
conversation I think I mean my parents
I'm 36 so my parents were born in the
early 60s and this was before of course
I mean I had an Internet then so this
was the whole the plan I like to call it
the plan in capital letters like a
proper now so this is go to school get
some good tip UK so the college get a
degree get a good job a car get stuff a
house and get married have 2.5 kids and
the dog lived happily ever after just be
a little bit better than your parents so
I think that's what my parents wanted my
sister and I to do they never explicitly
said it but when I told her I wanted to
be a pro athlete and I saw her reaction
I figured okay yeah that's pretty much
what she wanted but she didn't want to
have to tell us that my sister wouldn't
did kind of exactly that
and I did kind of the opposite well what
was your major business with the focus
in management and marketing alright so
what I like about this is that you you
were building a what I call a skill
stack so even if the basketball didn't
work out the way you wanted you still
had lots of ways to go you know you
could you could still get there on
multiple paths now let's get to what the
viewers probably care about the most
which is yeah they're really happy that
they're really they're really happy that
you're motivated but they're wondering
like how the hell could we be in by like
that guy well you know they're thinking
how could I feel that confident about
about what I'm doing what what
techniques do you do you coach people
into to get them in the right mindset if
someone's looking for confidence so the
first thing I wouldn't figure out is
what is it that they're looking for and
why are you actually looking for it and
then try to uncover what they really
want is usually Scott I'm sure you know
people tell you that they want something
that's not really what they want that's
what they say anyone but there's
something under that and maybe even
something nothing like that did they
truly one but if we were just saying
someone wants to be confident on the
surface the number one thing that person
has to do is create what is the outcome
the first thing you need in your mind is
the outcomes the same with me and
playing basketball I'm 16 not making the
basketball team and I said I want to be
a pro basketball player so all I had was
the starting point and I had the ending
point I had no idea of what was gonna
happen but because I had that vision
that vision was kind of propelling me
forward in order to get what I wanted I
guess is a rough version of the BOA of
Attraction so the number one thing is
what is it that you actually want you
have to really that has to be what you
really want not what you're not what
sounds good know what's good on internet
but what you actually really want you're
like something it you may even be
embarrassed to tell people because the
reality of the facts in front of you
says what that doesn't even make sense
similar to my situation now I like to
make a distinction between what people
say they want and what they decide to do
because they're different so when you
decide you've gone beyond
thinking one thing it doesn't get you as
much as deciding to go get it now did
you did you visualize yourself in the
future did you write down your what you
wanted
how did you kind of get on that yeah
what I graduated high school in year
2000 so I didn't know what visualization
was I had never I didn't get introduced
to personal what we call personal
development until maybe 2002 so I didn't
know I didn't know there was a such
thing as visualizing I didn't know about
writing down goal so every year every
New Year's I would write down my goals
and that's you on it actually if I hand
on paper
I'd only write by hand anymore happen to
use but I would do that and visualize
what it is that I wanted to achieve and
and then around 2002 2003 I got it I
heard this radical idea that instead of
writing down goals for each year how
about right now goals for the next ten
years or for your whole life so I did
that and I remember writing down the
goal that I wanted to one day have a
website called but I Drake Baldwin
dot-com or dreamed I'd something that
was going to be about me by me for me
and that eventually became Dre all day
which eventually became the brand so I
was I was doing a rough version of
visualization back before I even do what
this whole realm of making yourself
personal development is what I tell
people is making yourself better and
more valuable on purpose and a lot of
people don't do it on purpose
I was kind of doing it somewhat on
purpose and somewhat by accident but now
that is available to everyone now I
think it's a requirement to anyone who
wants to go so on top of visualizing
what you want what tell us a little more
about technique because you know some
people can visualize but then they're
not doing anything about it so so how
does the what's how do you connect to
visualization to the actual actions once
someone has a clear vision scope what it
is they want to achieve the next thing
of course is you
take some actions but the challenges I
don't know what to do I don't know where
to go I don't have any ideas and I get
emails and DMS from people saying these
exact things every single day and here's
there's what you do at that point you
don't know what to do come up with some
ideas I got the this idea this idea
about getting our distance guy named
James Ulta true you familiar with James
oh yeah yes of course okay so James all
games always oh you've dipped on the
spot yes I think that's probably where I
first started yeah so James talks about
the the idea machine I'm going to come
up with ten ideas per day and I started
actually doing that a few years ago this
come up with ten ideas per day and it
becomes automatic where you just start
coming up with ideas easily these are
not necessarily good ideas they're not
necessarily actionable they may none of
them may actually turn into anything but
if you do 10 hours a day
that's over 3,000 ideas a year so if you
come up with just 10 ideas for I want to
be a basketball player
what are 10 things that I could do that
could make me become a professional
athlete who can I talk to who can i DM
who can I email who has a YouTube video
out there who's at the park across the
street what about this guy who lives
next door he looks like a basketball
player always has Jordans on what K what
are 10 things you can do right now and
ask the questions to those people and
somebody's going to know something is
gonna lead to something so taking action
I would say is the number one thing that
you do and your actions do not have to
produce results they don't have to be
sound they don't have to be logical if
you take enough action eventually you're
gonna run into the person who knows the
person who knows the person or someone
who has the information and another
thing that I tell people these days in
2018 it's unacceptable to be clueless
it's unacceptable to not know what you
could possibly do next is it illogical
to say that I've tried everything or I
don't know what to do next when there's
people like yourself out there sharing
your knowledge answering people's
questions every single day we have books
we got YouTube got blogs how could you
not have another option another resource
something else you can go to to figure
out what's another way I can make this
work all right let's say let's summarize
some of those parts before we go on
because people are joining the periscope
as they go so you've got the the
visualizing what you want the
affirmations or the right that sometimes
writing it down
sometimes visualizing it at the same
time you were building a skill stack so
you had options you have different ways
to go you had that you had a four-year
degree right in business management yes
and so that gave you options but you
were also your primary you know passion
was to play professional basketball so
you had the the skill stack you had the
visualization and then you did the James
Altucher
thing where you're coming up with ten
ideas a day now I would call that habit
there's a real good book called habit
which which is exactly what I was hoping
you would say by the way there's there's
a point in this where you have to turn
the visualization into some kind of a
habit and your habit that you
consciously determined was going to come
up with ideas every day lots of ideas
then the next part was act was action
and probably the most important thing
that people are going to want to hear is
how did you actually like get off the
couch like that how do you do the first
thing and it and it sounds like and
don't let me put words in your in your
mouth but it sounds like you were taking
action without a huge regard to whether
this was exactly the right thing to do
for the rest of your life but you were
saying try this try this try this just
sort of opening every door and seeing
what's behind that door right now what
what how do you now would you call that
a system of just opening as many doors
as you can until you find something what
you do in just to speak specifically
about playing professional sports there
are these things called exposure kids
this is how I actually got us in pros
and expose your campus like a job fair
Scott so but instead of putting on the
suit and handing out your resume and
shaking hands you bring your equipment
for your support and I know they do this
in basketball I don't know what other
sports they do it and you actually play
against
200 other guys who want to play pro
basketball and understandings instead of
there being fans there are Scouts agents
coaches managers team owners from all
around the world watching you play and
your goal there is to impress somebody
you only got to impress one person so
when I went to my first exposure can't
this was in 2005 all I needed to do is
impress one person and I know from lots
of basketball and playing so much listen
you can make one claim again you can
score seven points the whole game but
that one play to be it's spectacular and
those that somebody's impressive well
hold on hold on that point because I
want to emphasize that that's that's
such an incredible point I find that
what stops people often is an incorrect
view of their odds in other words they
think this is there are overwhelming
odds I can't do this but you were
thinking that the odds were actually
better than most people would think
because you were looking at all these
people and saying I only need one I just
need one person to say the right thing
let me give you and I'm gonna get right
back to this but when I tried to become
a cartoonist I sent out my samples to a
bunch of different places and my
attitude was exactly that I only need
one person to like it and exactly one
person like that and now we're talking
you know later isolate and get back to
your story so you're in you're in the
tryouts you only need one person to like
you right and I made some great plays
there and somebody like me somebody they
broke up basically what they do those
they make a scouting report after the
exposure came over there's only three
days they write down the scouting
reports for everybody who was there they
had video of everyone who was there and
they put it up on my website so I took
that scouting report this is a link to a
webpage and I had the footage now this
footage was on a thing called a VHS tape
and I know you know that Scott so maybe
some people don't remember VHS that
footage actually became my first youtube
video which started a parallel story but
I took and I call it every basketball
agent whose phone number I could find in
the United States of America I emailed
them or call it every one maybe seven or
eight of them replied to my email or
message
they called me back and was interested
those seven or eight I made copies of my
VHS tape and physically mailed that tape
to those agents one of those eight
agents called me back he became my first
agent he got me my first deal to play
basketball overseas and it's similar to
what you said stop thinking back and on
that I heard someone say that the the
entertainment industry whether we're
talking about publishing books cartoons
basketball they call it a bandwagon
business because nobody wants to mess
with you when nobody knows you but as
soon as one person is on you one
person's interested now everybody's
interested now everybody wants to know
who this person who was who is this
cartoon who was this basketball player
now everybody wants to jump on a
bandwagon with now you don't need them
well you need them nobody wants you
believe you don't need them everybody
wants it right so so then you have one
person who like you and then you're off
now so you have these you had a vision
of the the whole plan I mean you need to
define somebody and then you would
leverage that one thing to to do more
exposure all right
now was there the one agent or I guess
the one scout who first noticed you and
gave you your break was there something
they saw in you in particular that they
called out and said oh you've got this
one skill or quality or something was
there anything that they noticed in
particular I think so my ability to jump
play above the rim and dunk the
basketball basically and anyone who's
watch the basketball game knows that a
dunk is probably the play you're gonna
remember more than anything else that
happens now the game's changed it a
little bit now so where you got the
three-point shot now people want to be
Steph Curry but back in my day people
want to be like Mike Wright wouldn't be
Michael Jordan Michael Jordan Steve
dunking on everybody so I had this one
big Duncan at that exposure camp that
whole gym just went crazy and after that
game one of the scouts came up to me and
he asked me a few questions and he was
one of the guys who was responsible for
writing the scouting reports
so because he was he saw it and he was
impressed by what he saw that helped me
get this glowing scouting report and
then when I send it out to the agent he
aids it's all astounded before he wasn't
at the can but he saw the footage he saw
the scouting important said okay I can
leverage this team interested and we can
make something happen and that's exactly
whatever now when somebody sees a dunk
they're seeing two things they're seeing
you know the you have the athletic
ability but is it there also something
about the attitude that gets you there
in the first place I mean by the time
you're throwing that ball through the
hoop you you're like 90% of attitude 10%
athlete at that point like that's that's
got to come through doesn't it so
alright so solutely I mean yeah all
right so so what what parts do you pull
out of your experience that you go to
first that when you you've got somebody
who's just stuck they can't put all the
pieces together like you do what do you
find this like the the main lever that
gets somebody from doing nothing to
doing something which is the big change
right the big change doesn't it doesn't
even matter what you do if somebody is
doing something they're gonna get be
more successful than the person who
can't get off the couch at how do you do
the first get off the couch motivation
the first motivation has to be them
believing that doing something can
actually lead to a result what I found
Scott is that people say they want
things but they're unwilling to take the
action on it because they don't believe
that taking these actions is going to
actually produce the results they just
don't believe that it's going to work if
you believe something's gonna work you
are willing to make call after call if
you have a book that you want to get
published you're willing to go to every
publisher if you have a movie
put out you're willing to go to every
studio and get rejected because you know
there's some value in this and people
don't really believe in what it is they
want to do they're not going to take the
action on it doesn't matter what you say
doesn't matter how you try to motivate
them or push them if they don't see it
actually working then it's not going to
work now if you're able to get someone
to start taking an action you can get
them to take an action that will produce
there'll be so small a little bit of
result and they can see that then you
can build on that but you can't always
move a person to that X maybe if there's
a personal relationship let's say you're
your kid or one of your best friends you
drag them to gym and they start to get
some results after we then maybe they'll
keep coming but if you don't know the
person or someone on the Internet you
can't make somebody take action and
they're not gonna do it I mean at some
point you have to have something that
moves you off your butt to at least try
what you think will work but if you
don't believe is gonna work nothing I
say is gonna change now I had an
experience that that you reminded me of
when I first became a famous author I
was still actually working in my day job
and my co-workers came to be several of
them and said hey I think I would like
to be a writer for magazines or one
wanted to write a book and these people
who had never these are people were
never written a thing did not have any
special writing talent and came to me
and said hey I want to be a writer so I
encouraged them told them you know how
to find people and here's the weird
thing a hundred percent of them
succeeded a hundred percent and it was
all it was all because of that that
thing that you said earlier which is
people are not good at estimating the
odds of success so it turns out that
being you know being a number-one
best-selling author of course is very
hard but getting published somewhere and
being a professional writer is a lot
easier than people imagined and you know
with working with editors and putting in
some effort into it they pretty much all
found someplace to get published and got
paid for it so so probably the first
thing is that people are bad at
estimating the odds especially if
they're willing to try a lot of stuff
that that's the first thing
then I have a little tip that I give
people which is that things that are
gonna work out eventually always suggest
themselves in the bad form in other
words the first time somebody made a
self a cellphone
the very first cellphone it was always
dropping and disconnecting and not
working and blah blah but you could tell
people still loved it and had to have
them even with all the flaws and and I
find that I've tried to I've tried I
don't know dozens and dozens of
different business ventures and I always
just do the first thing so I say to
myself what's the first thing you do if
you're gonna write a book well come up
with the title write a first chapter
maybe get some chapter outlines if you
do that and then you look at it and you
say my god this is really interesting to
me it's it's pulling me along you know
then that's good I mean if if nobody
cares if you don't care then you drop
that when we go to the next one so do
you find that the project itself has to
pull you or or give it because that's a
big thing for me there are all the
things I could do and I poke at them all
and what and one of them just grabs me
and starts pulling me and I wait for
that one because I can't I can't
motivate myself to do something I don't
want to do this it has to pull me so do
you do you do you do you think people
should focus like a laser or try a lot
of different things what's better for
motivation I think try a lot of
different things and see what's wrong
works its hustling having a bunch of
different customers going at the same
time see what works even if it's in one
specific area like you said coming up
with the title or anything the chapter
may be coming up with a list of
publishers who you're going to call get
their phone numbers get a contact name
get an email of those people and have a
spreadsheet of it so now you got a
little bit of momentum going which you
just created yourself and I'll tell you
a I'll tell you a quick story about pro
basketball that kind of shows goes right
to what you said is that the the result
is going to show itself even when it's
not actually working the first exposure
camp I went to is not the one that was
the successful
first one was a tryout for the small
team and a small media called the ABA
and I don't know many people even heard
of the ABA turn but this team was in
Lancaster Pennsylvania little small town
now an exposure can I tell you this
hundreds of guys who want to play
basketball I'll show it my first
exposure can three guys showed up it was
me and three other players showed up and
one of the players he bailed out of it
ten minutes in because he was in such
bad shape he was doing a full court
drill he couldn't even participate but
the players the coaches who were there
they liked my game a little bit they
could no surmise from there only being
three guys there and they invited me to
the next one and then to the next one
because there people weren't showing up
so even in those failures I saw a little
bit of success in my oh these pro
coaches actually hike my game after I
got kicked off my team in college so
this was something this is something
this is a string to pull so those little
successes even in the failures show
something like you said yeah there's a
sometimes I refer to that as the
x-factor there's sometimes something
that you can't put your finger on that
makes something better than another
thing and you were probably noticing
that in your own game very early on that
there was something about you and
basketball your body the way you think
that was just perfect for this this
thing so you you probably saw the the
future in the bad version of yourself
you could you could look forward so
we're talking to Dre Baldwin expert on
somebody just asked to reintroduce you
expert on discipline motivation and
mental toughness and of Miami and Dre
where can people find you
social Monkee on twitter at dre all day
my instagram is my name Dre Baldwin one
word on YouTube just look up my name
great Baldwin and my website is Dre and
you do speaking and coaching and
suicided speaking coaching consulting
writing rights for corporations
organizations individuals all
that yes and he's appearing right now on
the interface by one hub app where you
can talk to experts that's my startup
most of you know about that
all right I think given give me a few
examples of things that people just
don't think of things that when you tell
people all right here's a key here's a
here's a technique that people go wow I
wouldn't have thought of that so
something that's you know that's that
little extra sauce that you bring sure
you know how people want to be confident
they you've heard the the technique fake
it till you make it you heard that
before I'm sure it's my it's my motto
it's my life motto fake it to make it
know when it comes to that freeze or
that technique some people think that it
works perfectly and maybe you do some
people think is complete garbage I've
heard you people even argue that they
can see maybe to make you works
the thing about faking it till you make
it is that once you decide that you're
going to quote-unquote fake it and be
you're going to be the paid I don't know
a pro athlete even though you're still
an amateur you want to be a millionaire
even though you'll have any money in
your account or whatever the situation
as soon as you make that decision to
become that person you're not actually
taking it you're actually in it becomes
real because in a moment that I decide
I'm gonna present myself as this person
who I'm I'm wasn't two minutes ago once
I decide to be it I'm being it and it
will last as long as you decide to keep
making it last because human beings we
don't have the brainpower to look at
everything we see and ask ourselves okay
is he beat up for real as he faked it as
this who this person really is are they
are they trying to be something that
they're not
we've just have to accept things on the
surface because we don't have a brain
power to examine every little tiny thing
it's kind of like that movie catch me if
you can but a Frank Frank abing abing
Nell if I'm saying his name right I
thought he was just going around places
that pretend to be something and he was
so convincing that people were like
doing whatever he said to do because he
assumed
the position so much and the problem
people have with faking it to you make
it if you want to call it that is that
they have it in their mind 80% of their
mind and still thinking that I'm
thinking this is not for real
how people want to figure me out how
long can I keep this up it's because
you're thinking that that's the exact
thing keeping it from work so it's sort
of just dive in 100% into it and immerse
yourself in that faking it it would
become so real immediately you would see
results so quickly that you would you be
astonished as to why you hadn't done
something so I I'm thinking of writing a
book about all the the mental things
that people do that are that are holding
them back and one of them is that the
worst advice I've ever the worst advice
I've ever heard is be yourself because
because first of all if being yourself
was good enough you know the day you're
done
hey I'm just being myself I'm poor and
I'm hungry and nobody likes me but I'm
being myself
now my my observation of life is that
nobody is themselves like if it were
just me I wouldn't have shaved I
wouldn't be wearing clothes I mean
everything you do should be in the
context of a you know a society a
culture a family you know you're you're
connected to all that stuff you're not
some like floating free-floating
variable your variable is everybody and
if you're not doing something that other
people like you're not succeeding I mean
ultimately you need to make yourself
into something that other people care
about and want to pay for or want to be
around or else you've done nothing so
and I also believe this is the dr. Laura
philosophy that you are what you do you
you're not you're not your mental
thoughts on the inside it's what you do
so you could be the worst person on the
inside but if you spend your whole day
doing charity work and helping people
that's who you frickin are you know
you're not those bad thoughts you had
you're the person who's actually doing
stuff so you're faking until you make
your thing reminds me of that which is
that the faking is actually doing
something right you're actually doing it
the doing it makes it you that's who you
are you're the person doing it right so
yeah I'm totally on board with that but
how do you you seem to have an unnatural
well not unnatural a natural it seems
like you're born with it confidence
which I think I was born with as well I
mean six years old I was sure something
was gonna work out wasn't sure a lot and
that's never changed how do you how do
you help somebody get to to be
comfortable with confidence is it just
by observing their own success in small
ways is that the main thing no I don't
think so I think the main way for
someone to build confidence is to start
with something that you're actually good
at it's kind of like you talked about
the skill stat what is it de jure what
skills that you actually had and develop
more and more of those skills and the
world to brand now as the world
continues the more skills people have
the more options you're gonna the more
options will be available to you because
every day there's some new way popping
up for people to build success I guess
if we want to call it that so the number
one thing is to start with something
that you're actually good at are you
good at speaking to an audience are you
good at talking to a camera are you good
at talking to people one-on-one are you
good at right are you good at being
funny on YouTube what is it that you're
actually good at do the thing that
you're good at and then expand from
there expand from where you're actually
getting results and keep going outward
from this so the number one way of
building that confidence is where where
are you good now don't try to force it
what I have refined but I find it's guys
a lot of people are trying to force
themselves to be good at things that
they're just not good at they just don't
have the ability they don't have the
talent they don't have the natural
inclination like I wasn't good at
basketball when I first started but I
have some talent you know I'm tall I can
run fast I can jump I got long arms I'm
glad so maybe those are good things that
could possibly work for a basketball
player
all right so I often tell people that if
they're trying to build their personal
talent stack you know they're their
collection of skills that make them
unique it's good if you start with at
least one thing that you've got a
natural advantage at so in my case I'm a
little more creative than the average
person but I added to that a mediocre
drawing talent you know artistic talent
modest but I can just try hard you know
the butts the way you train hard I could
just try hard to draw and then you know
writing and figuring how to produce at
it how to make a cartoon and stuff but I
had to start with something that I was a
little naturally good at so I'm right
with you on that advice
so we're let's get ready to close down I
like to keep these periscopes under a
certain time so that they don't run too
long and I've really enjoyed this and in
the comments give me some comments about
what you liked about this in particular
and is there draya's or anything you
want to say that big I didn't ask
something that's like a big point that
that we would all be lacking if we have
not heard well the two things that we
both we both kind of touched on one is
that that holds fake it to you thing as
soon as you decide once you have a clear
clear goal of what it is you want to be
who you need to be in order to achieve
your goals assume that position and
become that person right now it will
automatically change your actions and
that will change your results and the
other thing is when you're talking about
what you do is who you are I tell people
that often often hear people say
something like well it's what I do but
it's not who I am
that's garbage whatever you do is how
people are going to judge you right
that's all they can see is what you're
doing someone says what was my work 80
hours a week you know in finance but
that's not who I am like that's the only
thing that you do
of course this what if someone's
describing you that's the only thing
they can speak words and finance
see him anywhere else right at the barn
he's not at the party tonight at the
birthday he's at work so what you do is
who you are if you want to change who
you are all you need to do is change
your actions and to change your actions
you must change pain thank you or think
himself to book and beer and you can
decide to change that in any given
moment how long it lasts is laundry
percent your choice there's another
piece of advice I give people especially
young people and I say this is the most
important thing you'll ever learn you're
going to hear this from me now up till
you know if I'm talking to a young
person and I say you're not going to
believe it but sooner or later this is
going to come back to you and you're
gonna believe it later because you're
gonna see enough examples and it goes
like this
everybody is faking all the time yeah
everybody is a little less confident
than they want you to see everybody's
showing themselves a little bit better
light than maybe their thinking on the
inside and if you think that other
people are more confident than you you
are simply mistaken because other people
are insecure on the inside and once you
realize that it's really a level playing
field because the the the the mistake is
to think that the things that are
happening in your head your your
personal insecurities or whatever are
somehow unique and that other people
have gotten figured out because they're
acting like they haven't figured out but
they're acting and when you learn to act
and fake it till you make it then then
it's a level playing field all right I
love this conversation but let's not go
too long people I'm saying great
comments here so people are really
enjoying this and so Dre Baldwin thank
you very much for this this was a
tremendous time I'm gonna I'm gonna sign
off of periscope and then I'll keep you
on and and we'll wrap up over here you
want to say goodbye goodbye everybody on
periscope Scott thank you for having me
I've been a fan officer years ago so I'm
finally glad to be able to connect and
talk to your audience here on periscope
thank you very much for being here give
me
on twitter any questions i'm handsome
right and your twitter is again one more
time act straight all day on Twitter all
day D re all day
alright that's it for today bye for now