um hey there you are
I'm glad you could make it come on in
gather round we got lots to talk about
today it's gonna be a good one one of
the best one of the best coffees with
Scott Evans of all time by the way I
found out somebody noticed yesterday
that apparently I have an IMDB page so
I'm an official show I've made it I've
made it to IMDB I have made something of
myself
well if you'd like to make something for
yourself I know how the pad is start the
best way is we little thing called the
simultaneous sip and it doesn't take
much all it takes is a cup of mud or a
glass of tanker chalice or Stein a
canteen truck or flask a vessel of any
kind fill it with your favorite liquid
I'm partial to coffee enjoyed me now for
the unparalleled pleasure of the
dopamine yet of the day the thing that
makes everything better including the
damn pandemic go - feel my convalescence
blood serum improving by the moment yes
yesterday I did by periscope from the
parking lot of the veterinarians place
Snickers is resting
she's on restriction she's not allowed
to jump up on the furniture so she just
tweaked her back a little bit she does
she gets a sports injury
she she she's a very active dog so I've
been through this before she should be
fine I've got her on pain meds anyway
yesterday I was talking about what we
need is a website where you could put in
your own personal risks you know what's
your age your your BMI and all that
stuff and it would tell you your risk of
eating coronavirus and your risk of
dying and it turns out that exists so
somebody built exactly that website I
don't know how long it's been up but I
just tweeted it before I get on so if
you want to find it you can find it at
the top of my Twitter feed so I don't
know if it's accurate I'm not vouching
for it but it's interesting and I would
recommend just giving it a look maybe
maybe I'll tell you something so the
theme of today's periscope is the
experts somebody's asking me how old
Snickers as Snickers is about 12 and
that's around the life expectancy for
this breed unfortunately so so Snickers
is a senior citizen
anyway the theme today today is going to
be the experts so we'll see how the
experts are doing make sure the experts
are being experts so all I did was take
headlines out of the news so I didn't do
any research all I did was just look at
the headlights alright so here's what
the experts are doing in the headlines
CNN has a story about a famed French
serial killer expert Stefan Bohr gong so
he was he was a big expert I guess he
had built a reputation as the the
country's foremost expert in serial
killers writing more than 75 books and
producing dozens of documentaries but
turns out it was all fake he he wasn't
so much an expert on serial killers as
he was an expert at plagiarizing experts
on serial killers
it turns out that the foremost expert on
serial killers in France wasn't even an
expert he was actually a cog man
that's that all right that's your first
report of experts all right so so far
expert not looking too good yeah we're
gonna be doing a little left obviously a
little cherry-picking here so I'm not
gonna I'm not gonna pretend this is an
unbiased presentation I've told you
before but I'm gonna say it again
that one of the most interesting
accounts to follow during this era where
everybody's obsessing about data and you
know what are the odds and everything
you got to follow nate silver if you're
not following days silver you're just
missing just one of the best commentary
as he's watching the the common idiots
try to figure out data because he
actually does this for a living and he's
good at it and he has to watch as all
the people who are bad at it and don't
know they're bad at it try to be good at
it while being bad at it imagine being
him now when I look at this stuff with
my you know tiny little bit of
visibility of that world even I can say
no so sure I mean I'm just skeptical I
look at it go know could be right I'm
not sure I'm gonna believe it a lot of
things wrong so I have sort of the the
lowest level of skeptical detectors when
it comes to data presentations right I
just sort of generally don't like
generally don't trust them because most
of them are fake but I don't have any
special insight into them usually
but Nate usually does so just a perfect
example this is just for one day right
imagine he's doing this every single day
and he's picking out this news story
about a surge of cases in Orange County
this is a story about a surge of cases
so what do you make of that well you
make of it it's out of control right
these our Orange County people they're
not quarantine they're not locking down
they're protesting no wonder is out of
control in now Orange County and then
may silver tweets you
why there's maybe been a surge of cases
in Orange County California as the story
focuses on because they're doing a ton
more testing than before the whole story
is just garbage and he just takes it out
with one tweet yeah they don't mention
they're doing more testing what experts
are we supposed to listen to I mean
here's here's some expert reporters for
a big publication was it I forget who
was le times maybe and they must have
been collecting information from experts
so the expert reporter expertly collects
the information from the experts who
collect the data and then they read a
story and what's the public to make of
it well wouldn't you believe it because
experts right and then Nate Silver also
an expert looks at it and says the thing
you left out was the only important
thing the only thing that mattered you
know in terms of understanding the full
context the only thing that mattered was
what effect that the testing have on
kicking up new new results and that's
not even in the story oh my god all
right experts so far two out of three
doing poorly Nate Silver gets an A for
the week here's some more experts in the
news business see you then
I think that now that I've tuned you to
it you're probably seeing this
everywhere you've noticed how much CNN
does mind reading right where they
pretend that a story is their opinion of
someone else's internal thoughts and
they sell this as news all the time and
every you know it's usually in the
opinion context not in the not in the
harder news but the fact that it's odd
that it's even odd in an opinion that
deceivin on a new site is is
mind-boggling so here's one this is from
Stefan Collinson who's he sort of that
and I and I'm not kidding I read his
content - laughs so he's trying to be a
serious
the president but he has to produce so
much critical content every week because
apparently that's his job
so no matter what the president is doing
Steffen Collinson is going to write a
critical piece and if there's not actual
data to look at to say well this is
wrong he goes after the president's
internal state so the title is Trump's
rebuke ouchy and caps elites rejection
of science it encapsulates his rejection
of science which is really sort of
talking about his mental state right do
we do we think that President Trump in
his you know the internal mental
cognition rejects science have you ever
heard of anybody who rejected science
that's not even a thing who rejects
science people reject individual parts
and then they give their reasons
sometimes they write sometimes they're
wrong but in your whole life has anybody
ever rejected science that is so not
even a thing
and it's a headline yeah it's just part
of his rejecting science which has never
existed can't exist would never exist in
the real world and then it goes on to
say the president's downplaying of the
nation's top expert meaning foutch II
shows that he has always been battling
the pandemic that he wants to fight
rather than the one that exists so they
have to put this in terms of what the
president internally wants what how does
this guy who's probably never even met
the president know what the president is
currently internally wanting and
apparently he currently internally wants
it to be a different kind of pandemic
that's quite the insight do you know who
else privately and privately with on
their own mind you know who else wants
this pandemic to be a less bad one me is
there anybody else who would want this
to be less bad than it is
I'm feeling confident that many of you
also like the president who's being
criticized here would want the pandemic
to be different than it is so which is
different from saying he's doing the
wrong stuff you know if they said he's
doing the wrong stuff that making sure
their reasons why but they're free from
the from showing that he's doing the
wrong stuff because they can just say
that he's thinking about it wrong yeah
he's thinking about it all wrong as if
you'd know what's in his head
and you look in there and he's not
liking science in there you know you saw
him bragging about his was it his uncle
it was a famous famous scientist or a
very successful scientist a way some
Trump be Trump clearly clearly respect
science I mean he's been taking all of
the scientific recommendations and then
when it gets to the school closing one
that's not just a scientific
recommendation that's also a public
recommendation all right
let's see some more of the the experts
so this user on Twitter kelmot gay don't
know who he is and I did a thought
experiment tweet I was talking about
whether we were doing a good job
understanding overweight people and the
special risks they have so that was my
tweet and I was wondering aloud whether
we were looking at it right and column
it says to me on Twitter coronaviruses
have been with us for decades look more
closely at the data instead of thought
experiments and exercise and science
fiction's he says to me so I replied
that that was 2019 thinking in 2020 have
we've not noticed that the data that we
need is unavailable and the data that we
have is unreliable so if you're telling
me that we should use the data don't you
also have a responsibility to let's say
judge whether the data
exists and is credibly accurate because
if you leave out the fact that it
doesn't exist and if it does the stuff
we've seen is now credible don't lecture
me about not using the data to make my
decisions if you can give me some data
that is useful and reliable do you think
I wouldn't use it is there anybody who
thinks that presented with credible and
useful information I would say you know
I I choose not to use this I think I'd
rather guess no I would not do that and
so there's there are people who seem to
imagine that other people are doing
something like that it's a weird world
anyway so here's my favorite so this is
my actual tweet that caused a little
trouble and I'll tell you how this went
and my tweet was how many Americans have
died from coronavirus who were under 60
and also here's the key part of the
tweet had a healthy body weight whatever
you want to define the healthiest low
BMI I guess and they said I have a
strong feeling that political
correctness is preventing us from
understanding our individual risks which
could in turn keep the economy close and
ruin civilization so so I was sort of
thinking aloud as one does on Twitter
that maybe the big issue is that we just
can't be told can I can I be I'm going
to be impolite for a moment okay I'll
need your permission to be impolite just
for a moment it's easier to communicate
if we just make that agreement I am very
much against fat shaming so if what you
hear next
sounds like fat shaming let me say as
clearly as possible that's not what I'm
doing
no I'm not cool with that at all I do
think you know maybe Society has some
benefits of encouraging people to live a
healthier lifestyle but it's not my
thing
alright I'm not gonna tell you what to
eat like that's that's just your
personal decision you know I wish it
didn't cost me more in health care
probably does but it's still your
personal decision that's the country we
live in all right so that's my statement
now having said that let me speak
plainly in the vernacular of regular
people is this a fat problem again no
disrespect meant to anybody but is it a
fat problem because I told you yesterday
CNM showed a family that tragically all
three of them you know died and CNN
showed their photos and said you know
they had no underlying conditions and I
looked at the photos and said I see
underlying conditions there there is
obviously obviously a weight issue with
the family again I'm not criticizing
it's tragic what happened we're not
minimizing the tragedy whatsoever and
I'll say they brought it on themselves
nothing like that
I'm just saying can't we talk honestly
they're showing us the picture and and
basically lying to us while they're
showing the picture
no no underlying conditions and all the
experts are telling us that's an
underlying condition so I'm actually
wondering have we ever seen we I think
we have seen statistics of obese
patients and how they have a higher
mortality is that that cuz that's
correct
right you've seen data about obesity but
have you seen data that would take the
entire weight spectrum into account in
other words if you're let's say you're
carrying 20 extra pounds as an adult
are you a little bit more at risk
because I don't really know do you have
to get all the way to obesity before
it's you sort of fall off a ledge and
then you're into the dangerous territory
or is it sort of you know scaled like is
is every extra pound outside of the
ideal BMI does it give you a little bit
of risk and then it and it gets much
higher the higher your weight is don't
know
but I do know that nobody's telling us
that I do know that somebody says our
Chinese people obese on average I would
say probably not probably not but they
also seem to have it under control don't
they so I don't know what's going on in
China and this gets back to the fact
that all of our data is bad so my first
instinct was to say to you when somebody
said yeah but what about China to say
well that's a perfect example they don't
have a big weight problem and they got
it under control
but as soon as I said that I said to
myself do I really know that I mean I
think I know that they don't have a
giant weight problem but I don't know
how or under control it is I don't
really know what's happening in China
but on the surface it looks like that's
compatible all right so I made the
statement out loud about it maybe weight
is the thing and then I got the
following the following criticism from a
dr. Angela Rasmussen who is a virologist
I can say she is a biologist because I
know that that is the correct pronoun
because she put it in her profile so
she's a she slash her so dr. Angela
Rasmussen says to me on Twitter maybe
you should compare I'm sorry no she said
to me on Twitter I swear I wrote it down
she said to me on Twitter oh damn it oh
well I just tried for 20 minutes this
morning to copy a piece of text into my
notes and every time Twitter had a bug
and it didn't work but the essence of it
is that she mocked me for doing doing a
thought experiment when I should be you
know listening to the experts
so she mocked me for being a cartoonist
and saying something about health in
public and I feel as though the public
is getting a little testy have you
noticed people getting a little crabby
maybe maybe a little quick to respond
and in Angela dr. Angela Rasmussen
caught me in one of those moods in which
I was not in the mood to be criticized
and I may have gone at her a little bit
hard and I did and I did this so after
she said that you shouldn't listen to a
cartoonist I tweeted back and said maybe
you should compare my public health
recommendations to the coronavirus
experts so far I'm winning by a
landslide your team is looking like
twice ISA eatin lately so the funny
part about it was that this expert
happened to pick the only cartoonist who
has a public track record of
consistently being right when all of the
public experts are wrong now I don't you
know if you're new to the periscope that
sounds like a ridiculous claim if you've
been watching it for a while I've gone
through the list a number of times first
one to call for the closing of travel
from China well before the president
first one to say the masks the bad story
is they're all lying to you
first one you know probably one of the
first ones to say hydroxychloroquine
might not work but it's certainly not
gonna be a bad risk management for
people and sure enough lots of countries
are doing it I mean you could go right
down the list and and my easy I didn't
have an opinion or it was correct and
the professional was wrong I don't think
I've been wrong yet
at least on anything that I had asserted
as true so weirdly and humorously the
expert decides to dump on me in on
Twitter and finds out I'm literally the
only non expert who has consistently
trounced the experts in this very field
just recently in the last two months so
I was speaking of crabby I saw that
tweet on Twitter that just made me laugh
because it reminded me of my own
responses I just told you about so a
troll goes after Emily compagnia campano
Campania compagnia i can never pronounce
her last name
so you know her from FoxNews she's often
on the five and other other FoxNews
shows and this guy Tim on Twitter says I
don't know why he was even going after
it but it goes your world is criminal
justice he goes please you work for Fox
opinion
so Emily tweets back to him this
actually Tim I'm in my thirteenth year
of practice criminal defense at a former
gs-14 rank as an acting director in a
top ten federal agency I've spent more
hours in prisons and within the systems
than you can imagine so why don't you
sit the down and let the adults
talk
I think it's funnier because you don't
expect her you didn't expect that the F
word to come out of her but that I was
sort of perfect I've been laughing about
that all morning so every time somebody
tries to dunk on somebody that they
haven't done their homework alright
let's talk about Flynn so Trump is
cleverly politically selling this as
like the biggest deal in the world
people should go to prison for 50 years
talking about the Obama administration
unmasking a Flynn and you know that
being part of the whole Russia collusion
hoax etc so Trump and the Republicans
are making it a story that the Obama
administration spied on a political
opponent meaning the Trump campaign and
that is literally what happened meaning
that they literally spied on a political
opponent like that statement is beyond
any is beyond question what is in
question is if that's the reason they
did it which of course is their defense
so there's no question of what happened
at least the the broad strokes that
there was unmasking these people unmask
them they happened and etc but they
still would say no no we have a
different reason
it wasn't about spying on the campaign
it was about making sure there wasn't
any rush
problems so the president cleverly
because he's the biggest voice in
politics and he can make the story sort
of you know move in whatever direction
he pushes it
he's cleverly and appropriately I would
say appropriately within the context of
politics pushing it to be the biggest
thing in the world and the beauty of
this is almost breathtaking because what
while he's doing what you know Rand Paul
was doing yesterday is they're they're
they're turning this into the exact
mirror image of all the things that they
were falsely accused of which was the
the Ukrainian phone call and you know
interfere it using using the power of
the government to go after a political
opponent in the case of Ukraine it was
using the politics to investigate
Biden's Ukrainian stuff so now that the
facts of on the unmasking Trump and the
Republicans quite cleverly and
inaccurately I think I mean it would be
as fair as what they were saying it's
the just the complete reversal now the
beauty of this is that at the same time
that the Democrats have to argue that
this is not a correct framing of what
happened the things happen for different
reasons it's exactly what Trump was
saying Trump was saying well the reason
we looked into it is it was a national
security concern Ukraine burr yzma Biden
national kisses security concern yes yes
it was also you know who would have been
how convenient that they're also my
political enemy but that's not the
reason I did it and likewise the
Democrats are going to say yeah yeah we
did spy on a political campaign but that
wasn't the reason we did it the reason
we did it was all these important
political geopolitical considerations
it's exactly the same if you don't if
you're not appreciating the beauty of
that asymmetry I don't know I don't know
how you could miss it
the
sometimes the fake news just in is
randomness just ever every now and then
will line up with this sort of perfect
irony or perfect coincidence or perfect
story and this is just so perfect it's
the exact mirror of what he got
impeached for exactly as he's going into
election this couldn't be any better
politically and as I and here's the
other part of it so I was wondering why
they why we have released the names of
the people who asked for the unmasking
but yet we're still waiting for the
backup documents that each of them had
to fill out to say why they had asked
for the unmasking have you asked
yourself why you didn't see them at the
same time
why did you see the list of people who
asked for the unmasking but we're still
waiting for the documents in which those
same people said this is why I want to
see it well I don't know it could be
just the most normal administrative
bureaucratic thing it could be that one
department had this information and they
were done of the ones taking longer
could be that one department has both
but one of them takes longer to vet
somebody had some questions held it up a
little bit
probably just normal reasons but let me
just suggest this possibility isn't it
better to trip it out a little bit at a
time if you happen to be that the
Republicans your Grinnell your let's say
your Trump and you've got a bushel
basket of little stuff and every one of
these little releases is going to be a
new cycle do you let it down all at once
no you don't let it out all at once
because when we saw the news we got to
be outraged and when we see the someday
I said we'll see the the backup
documents and said why they need access
and I think we're gonna be all enraged
again so he's gonna get two weeks at
least of coverage for a story that would
have been a one-week story if they just
dumped it and and the news had to
process it and get over it so if you
remember during the Russia collusions
story and and also the Ukraine story
what was the phrase that si haven't kept
using you're gonna love this you know
the phrase it goes like this drip drip
drip how many times did you see CNN say
that the all the news that was going to
eventually get the president impeached
how many times did you tell you say it
just keeps coming
drip drip drip and then the tables
turned and what is CNN saying now
because it looks like the Republicans
are playing the drip strategy on them it
looks like they're gonna drip drip drip
and just drip the piss out of CNN and
the Democrats now I don't know that
that's an explicit strategy I do know it
should be and I do know they're
obviously smart enough it would be
obvious enough if I had to guess if I
had to guess I think they're getting a
little bit of their drip drip drip right
back which amuses me on a level I can't
even explain like being first of all the
fact the fact that they don't brag about
it because I don't think you're gonna
hear anybody Republicans say yeah you
know we gave them the drip drip drip but
the fact that you can see it happening
and you kind of suspect if you don't
know what's happening and watching them
use the same strategy that that just
tortured Republicans for three years and
just take the gun out of the hand of the
Democrats and use it against them drip
drip drip
it is it is beautiful to watch so
meanwhile the Democrats have to sort of
build a little wall around their
artificial reality their bubble reality
Andrea Mitchell took a good try on it
and one of the attempts that they're
gonna make is that this unmasking stuff
is so common there's no story here and
it's so common because I
a lot 9 10,000 times a year and it's so
routine totally routine this unmasking
and andrea mitchell tweeted 10,000 done
maskings last year 17,000 and 2018
necessary and routine can people please
stop trying to Gaslight us when you hear
the word Gaslight that's your tell for
somebody building an artificial reality
around them well well well
don't know what happened there a little
hiccup periscope gave me a message that
said I could just continue with the same
periscope when it was unfunny
interrupted looks like it worked how
about that anyway so Andrea Mitchell was
building this bubble reality around
their little world by saying that the
accusations about all the unmasking is
just gas lighting it's just gas lighting
but here's the trick that she's doing if
you didn't catch the trick it's a good
one that's a good trick
so she's framing it as a normal routine
behavior therefore there's nothing to
see but here's why she's cleverly doing
this a little less obvious what's less
obvious is that she's ignoring the
reason it was done it is true that it's
routine to unmask which is why she says
so she's just sticking with us one truth
it's routine to unmask we unmasked
nothing to see what she leaves out as
the reason for the unmasking I see in
the comments somebody is enjoying my
show more than more than usual so good
for you keep it up so that's her trick
she doesn't say the reason now so the
alleged reason is for political reasons
of course they're going to say it's for
national security but that's how they're
going to build their artificial reality
over to CNN they'll call it gas lighting
they'll say it's routine and they will
simply not answer the question of why it
was done which is the only real question
so I've been trying to follow this story
that the Flynn judge so as you know the
I guess the prosecutor wants to drop the
charges against flim for all the reasons
that you know but the judge this Emmett
Sullivan issued quote an unusual order
Wednesday I'll say it's unusual
appointing a law firm partner to present
arguments in opposition to the
government's motion to dismiss so in
other words the prosecutor and the
defense have both agreed that this
should be dude be let go and the judge
instead of doing the most normal thing
in the world is like okay even the
prosecutor doesn't want to prosecute
well okay we're done here he decides
he's gonna like create this process to
retry the case basically without without
a jury it basically would just be this
guy retrying the case or something I
mean not technically but even the fact
that there's any new person coming in at
this point and I said to myself well I'm
no lawyer I'm no legal expert don't know
that much about the courts is this weird
or is this not weird and so I watched
the people who actually know what
they're doing you know the mic Serna
 people who have legal
backgrounds etc and I was kind of
watching their guidance to see is this
normal and as far as I could tell there
is nothing normal about this am i right
it looks like he's just making it up
it appears that justice has been
completely I don't distort it because
this judge is just finding a way to keep
Flynn in jail is that the judge's job to
try to find a way to keep innocent
people in jail
Dershowitz agrees with you yeah it looks
like it looks like this is a complete
 thing that he just sort of made
up to keep a guy in jail now I don't
know if it's any crime itself but we
have all these weird situations lately
if you ask me should Emmett Sullivan go
to jail I'd say yes I would say that
based on what he just did
to try to create a system out of nothing
to send an innocent person to jail while
he's in a position of authority and
Trust is so bad that if it were a crime
and I'm sure it's not but if it were on
the books as a crime I would say it
should be a jailable offense so he's
doing something in full view of the
public
that just by you know chance and the
vagaries of history is not illegal but
it ought to be
I shouldn't it shouldn't this be really
illegal or at least banned or something
so to watch somebody do something which
I would say is as serious and as ethical
II as ethically empty as this is should
be a crime people should go to jail for
something like this and there will be no
penalty people that you'll either get
away with it or it won't no penalty so
now the president of course has
correctly and wisely said the Flint will
be fined so in other words that the
president will back him up with a auto
pardon or whatever you need to do there
but nobody wants to do that for
political reasons but it's there so if
lemon would be fine did you see the
story about Senator Richard burr
provident Republican who sold a lot of
his stock on February 13th while he was
getting all these confidential briefings
about the corona virus and so he's in
trouble because it looks like he used
his insider information about the corona
virus to save money by selling off his
stocks and apparently as his
brother-in-law did the same thing but
Byrd denies coordinating with him that
that part gets a little sticky now
here's the here's the thing if you see
this story you say to yourself well
that's a slam dunk he it's illegal to
use your insider government information
in this way he had insider government
information
the dates line up he traded right after
he got the information slam dunk right
boom no problem right wrong this isn't
even
close to a crime in my opinion I will
now give you my legal opinion based on
my absolutely no legal background it
goes like this
as long as there's also a perfectly
legitimate reason for whatever you did
you're not going to jail just in general
as long as there's also a legitimate
reason you don't go to jail because
people think you are using mentally the
other reason they can only look at what
you did and if what you did had plenty
of public reasons it doesn't matter if
you also had some extra extra
information because you still would have
done it why do I know that because on
this very day the Senator Richard Burr
was selling all of his stocks I -
without the benefit of any of his
intelligence was very close to selling
all my stocks and it was because of
public information I said it was what
three weeks after I'd two or three weeks
after I'd called publicly for travel to
be stopped from China we knew what was
happening in the Wuhan it was obvious
that it was gonna it was gonna get out
it was already a big story so I was
sitting here thinking I might want to
sell all of my stocks now I didn't I
decided not to but Senator Richard burr
or yeah Richard Burr I don't think he's
gonna go to jail I think he's got a lot
of explaining to do but it seems to me
that as long as people like me we're
looking at public information which he
also had access to and that was enough
to make the same decision he made with
the private information I don't see him
going to jail his brother-in-law's got
some questions to answer though I don't
know about that so there's that Paul
Graham famous investor started Y
Combinator
he has a great Twitter feed he has lots
of little little good things he was
saying that he told his eight-year-old
this is the advice to his eight-year-old
if he do create a
or try to avoid situations where people
with less ability than you can tell you
what to do or edit your work I thought
let's that's good advice you don't want
people with less ability telling you how
to fix your creative work but I tweeted
back that I call this boss
diversification and it's a good advice
for you if you have the option you want
to have as many bosses as you can get
because if you have one boss your life
is controlled by one person who might
not be stable might not even like you
what could be worse than having the
biggest part of your life determined by
this one boss who might not like you so
you want to go for what I call boss
diversification which usually means
working for yourself which usually means
having customers instead of a boss your
customers become your boss if you're an
entrepreneur but you got lots of them so
I can have several customers a day fire
me and do probably every single day
somebody says that's it that thing you
said today is the last day I'll ever
read Dilbert so I get fired about seven
times a day that's just the ones I hear
about I don't know how many times I
don't hear about it but it doesn't
matter because as long as there are more
people becoming my boss meaning my
customers they can fire me all day long
but what they can't do is tell me how to
change my work alright I would like to
end on a I don't know if this is a poem
or just good prose but it's written by
Gordana biernat you're not bie
RNA tea I wasn't familiar with her she's
a blue check so she's apparently done
some things a writer and she wrote this
little I don't know what it is is it
like a poem without rhymes you decide so
I just liked it so much I wanted to end
today's periscope on this thought it
kind of ties into the the idea of the
simulation ties into rethinking all of
our priorities it ties into rebooting
because the coronavirus allowed us to
just sort of pull back and just look at
everything look at who we are how we
relate to our world what we want
where our dreams or ambitions what's the
meaning of life you know all these
things where think you have and I
thought Gordana summed it up well so let
me just read it the way she wrote it on
Twitter
growing up we somehow become consumers
of things forgetting our original sole
purpose as collectors of experiences
know this all you truly own is yourself
everything else is borrowed in the
illusion of time and space be present on
that note have a wonderful day and I
will talk to you tonight