pom pom pom pom pom pom bomb
I'm gonna say your names as you come in
hello Amy Huber Smith 21 and grog monkey
and piano rules spice racks good to see
you you know what time it is
yeah it's time for coffee with Scott
Adams
this will be one of your more special
coffees with Scott Adams and it starts
with something I like to call the
simultaneous up by now you've you've
been running to grab your mug your
vessel your cup your a container of
liquids your preferred beverage I like
coffee
join me now for the simultaneous it now
you might be wondering why I'm standing
here next to a pool table
well I'm gonna give you an example on a
pool table and then take it into the
real world and talk about Russia
everybody's talking about Russia you got
to get in on this let's talk about
Russia well before we do observe this
pool table now you may not be able to
see it that clearly but imagine this
were this were a game of 8-ball the this
is a game in which you either have the
striped balls or the solid balls and
your job is to sink whichever balls are
yours before the other person and then
get to the a ball and sink that last you
will notice that there are one two three
four five six seven straight balls still
on the table this is let's say this is a
midway in the game but there are only
two solids on the table and the idea is
to sink your balls either stripes or
solids so who would you say is a hand
who's ahead in this game is it the one
with two balls
left or is it the one who has to sell to
sink all seven of the balls well if you
don't know pool too well you would
automatically say well obviously the
person who has already sunk five of
their seven balls is way ahead that
seems obvious right but if you've played
pool you might know that the position of
the table is far more important you
might notice that those two balls would
be very hard to sink given their
position you could maybe get one of them
but setting up to get the second one
would take a lot of skill could be done
but it would take a lot of skill whereas
if this were my shot most of my shots
are pretty well lined up okay that
wasn't a good example but with a little
bit of skill and with nobody watching
the balls that are in better position
give you more of an advantage so I used
to play pool for many hours when I was
young and one of the things that would
frustrate people is that I would always
finish the game by singing the last say
five in a row so it would look like I
was on the verge of losing until I would
win and the general lesson here is that
we humans generally can't tell the
difference between almost losing and
almost winning can't tell the difference
yeah I can't let that go let me sink one
ball before we go so the general point
is that yeah in chess is a very similar
situation if you're not very good at it
at the game you can't tell the
difference between right on the verge of
losing and right on the verge of winning
they look the same if you're not very
experienced at pool so I used to win my
games by playing for a position instead
of playing for maximum ball sinkage
until it was time to run the table now
let's take that lesson too
something you've been hearing a lot
about it's called or Russia have you
noticed how many moving parts there are
there are so many moving parts in this
little Russia situation it seems like
Russia's connected to everything I mean
here's an example
we need Russia's help with North Korea
Russia is the big topic of election
interference Russia is involved in Syria
which means Iran they're meeting with
Israel which means indirectly they're
sort of you know in the Palestinian
question we know that our relationship
with China you know is influenced by how
we're dealing with Russia because those
are the three superpowers China is
flexing its muscle building its military
so Russia's military being the the third
of the big militaries is important in
that story as well we're talking about
Russia's various transgressions from the
poisonings and Great Britain to the
taking over Crimea and eastern Ukraine I
don't know a ton about those topics but
they're in the news of course we always
worry about budgets and the military
budget is the big part of or a big part
of any budget
now if Russia did everything that we in
America and President Trump wanted them
to do look at the range of things that
could be fixed because their involvement
is kind of crucial to all of these
things and if they decide to be our
enemy well all of these things might get
a little dicey er a little harder maybe
impossible and now look at the the
leverage so everything in green here is
leverage the president Trump has
developed over Russia now some of it is
by his doing and some of it is just by
the situation but let's let's look at a
few of the things that are in the
category of lever
over Russia you've got president Trump
is apparently authorized weapons sales
to East to Ukraine to defend against
Russian advancement apparently we've got
two economic sanctions which apparently
are cutting pretty deeply Iran is up
there somebody's asking me about Iran
Iran is up there as well
there's the pardon as I call it now I
mean a virtual pardon of Putin meaning
that Putin has done things that we don't
like and we can either forget the past
I'll call that a virtual pardon or we
could you know look toward the future so
we have the potential that the president
could in essence issue him a pardon for
past behavior simply by not addressing
those things that's what we've seen so
far
of course there's mutual terrorism
support we probably give them more
support than they give us I don't know
if that's true
but we probably have more capability
than they do so we probably give them
more than they give us in terms of
terrorism help there's military spending
we're such a big economy the United
States that the military spending that
we do if Russia tries to keep up
remember they're 1/10 of our size they
would go broke so if we spend enough on
our military they either have to give up
just forget about trying to be on par or
they have to spend themselves into ruin
so that's another leverage prestige you
saw the critics say hey you're president
Trump has given a bunch of prestige to
Putin by having this meeting at all and
by being nice to him he's given him all
this prestige and he has but it's also a
prestige that can be taken back just as
it has in the past why did why did Putin
need to be given prestige in the first
place well because he didn't have it you
know he was sort of on the outs with the
world
and the president sort of gave him a
little bit of a public pardon and
a bit of prestige to be there this
prestige can be taken away
that's leverage Putin probably likes
prestige you wouldn't want to lose it
there was a German pipeline that from
Russia Russia would like the pipeline it
would give them leverage over Germany
you would give them another source of
income and the president has decided to
put a little pressure on that pressure
on Germany maybe a little competition
I don't know how real any of that
pressure is in terms of whether it will
make any difference but they probably
feel it psychologically it's one more
thing they have to worry about there's a
nuclear treaty that apparently Russia
wants wants we want it to but who wants
the nuclear treaty more Russia or the
u.s. probably Russia because again their
economy is small for Russia to keep up
with us and with nuclear weaponry is
harder ten times harder because they're
1/10 of our size of the economy so
Russia wants us probably more than we do
in both cases where there's no there are
no real plans to nuke each other but
we'd like to get the cost down and the
risk down so Russia probably cares a
little bit more than we do and then
there's some diplomats that that were
expelled but that's not terribly
important all right so we have a number
of pressure or leverage points with
Russia and this leverage mostly is
either new or it has increased recently
so in other words just by waiting for
more time to go by the things that cost
Russia money like their military and
keeping up with the nukes and all that
is worse for them than it is for us
so again time is a little bit on our
side I've talked about this before a
president Trump likes to put time on his
side so that he can just wait right he's
just waits for North Korea's economy to
collapse he waits for Iran's economy to
collapse so whenever he can put himself
in a position where time is on his side
he doesn't
I would say that given the the mounting
pressure on Russia financially
especially that that there's a little
bit more leverage on them than there is
on us now let me let me paint a picture
where it looks at the moment where
everything with Russia is the end of the
world to at least half of the public in
the United States there is something
somebody coined this term and I tried to
amplify it on social media today on
Twitter somebody used the words of false
fear so if you imagine a medical
condition in which something like 25% to
50% of the population of the United
States they're suffering from some kind
of false fear I think it's false because
half of the country doesn't have it and
we're looking at the same facts
generally if two people are looking at
the same set of objective facts and one
of them is scared to death and the other
one says I don't see it usually the one
that's scared is the one having the
problem because because half of the
country is looking at and saying I don't
see it all right so that's the worst
case scenario the worst case scenario is
that Russia is our enemy they're getting
a double process once again they're
going to muck up everything they they've
interfered in our elections it's going
to get ugly you might go to war so
that's that's the worst case scenario
that's the that's the president has been
co-opted by Putin false fear but what's
the other side that's that's the glass
is half-empty
so the pessimists the false fear people
say it's all going to fall apart let me
give you a story of how this board is a
lot like the pool table I showed you
earlier
it looks like president Trump has seven
balls left on the table and it looks
like Putin is down to two but there's
another way to look at this look at all
this leverage that we have with Putin
and what happened in the last week I
don't even have this up here but in the
past week largely because of this summit
the opinion of the population of the
United States which does drive our
government is that Putin's past
transgressions of hacking us or trying
to mess with our elections which
probably have been happening for decades
you know in different ways but don't you
imagine Russia has always been messing
with her with our elections in any way
that they could probably for decades we
never quite cared about it as much today
in the last week what Russia has working
against it is the entire public of the
United States the right of the left the
entire government saying Russia if you
cross the line again we're done ignoring
it so Russia is in a vise grip and they
have every reason to play well with us
in other words President Trump has given
them enough that space political space
enough dignity and enough flexibility
that if they play well with us in this
range of things they can have a good
outcome and if they don't things are
just going to get uglier and here's the
important point the population of the
United States the people who through
social media and voting and everything
else control our government
we're fricking pissed at Russia never
underestimate the power of the public
opinion who is freaking pest Russia for
meddling with our election these guys
are in a very tight spot right now and
if they're in a tight spot and I think
that's objectively true then all of this
stuff the pressure that the president
has on them should give him enough
leverage because you know he's playing
well with Putin
to get some good results let me tell you
what that might look like let me paint a
picture of what the next year or so
could look like now this is short of a
prediction right this isn't a prediction
this is something that could be the
best-case scenario and we're right on
the edge of it it would take very little
for the best-case scenario to happen and
it looks like this you want Russia's
help with North Korea in particular to
do to give them security guarantees
North Korea in order to get rid of its
nukes needs Russia China u.s. and South
Korea at least maybe the UN to give them
security guarantees that if they get rid
of their nukes that they will be
protected by the major powers from from
attack Russia is pretty key to that
guarantee and Russia has recently said
and reiterated yes we will be part of
the security guarantees it could be and
I think this is this is close to true
the security guarantees from Russia
might have been the last puzzle piece to
give North Korea the freedom they need
to really denuclearize right so in there
was a very good chance that Russia's
cooperation with us which I think is
genuine because they don't want any
trouble in North Korea either I think
Russia's involvement they seem like a
credible guarantor because if if Russia
says anybody who comes into North Korea
we're gonna you know we're gonna be
against them even if it's the United
States that's pretty credible you know
you North Korea is not going to want to
believe just president Trump hey we
don't want to attack you he is gonna
want one other person who is wait for it
an adversary of the United States
so if North Korea gets a guarantee from
the United States and its adversary
that's pretty strong you've got both
sides you know the adversary and you
know
versary so North Korea is likely to go
in the right direction and Russia is
likely to be very important to that now
if Russia starts doing something that is
more good for the president and not
obviously as self-serving as some of the
things would do what does that do to the
election interference and collusion
story because collusion is part of this
right
collusion so these are you know biggest
problems in the United States at least
politically is the thought of collusion
what happens if Russia starts acting in
the United States best interest now it
would also be in Russia's best interest
but very conspicuously works on the
United States biggest priorities North
Korea and I'll get to this in a second
well that kind of it kind of blows the
collusion story and the water eventually
because if Russia keeps doing things
that are good for the United States it's
going to be harder to explain why there
was collusion
you know if we're just working together
in a in a cooperative way likewise
Russia has lots of influence in the
Middle East at the moment primarily
through their connection and and their
bases in the rain in Syria now because
Syria and Iran are linked at the at the
hip are we better off if Iran is in
Syria or if Russia is the dominant
player in Syria well I'll tell you if
you're Israel you're pretty happy that
the Russians are controlling the parts
of Syria that are close to your border
because Israel doesn't want Syrian
control or Iranian control on their
border that's the last thing they want
Russia they kind of get along with
Israel right so Israel is actually I
think I'm no expert in the Middle East
but it seems to be better off with a
with a Russian presence to be sort of a
buffer between Iranian and Syrian
military that might be a problem so do
we care if Russia has a strong role in
Syria yeah we care it probably helps us
if they do it right all right now all of
these things are kind of connected Iran
is of course you know one of the
negative forces in terms of terrorism in
terms of supporting the the bad elements
of the Palestinian folks and so this
entire situation could get close to a
solution if Raja decides to be
productive and it decides to do what's
good for us now what would they get out
of that well they might get to keep
their warm water port and they're there
their influence over Syria well who
cares all right we don't care Israel's
probably happy with it and we'd be happy
too then you've got China China isn't
any kind of a direct threat but their
military is beefing up and they're
becoming more important if you look at
the three powers China Russia and the
United States Russia is kind of you know
the third and that's race and that's
probably not a comfortable place to be
what would be the smartest thing to do
if you were a third in a race between
three people smartest thing you could do
is try to team up with one of them are
they more likely to say team up with the
United States or with China well if
we're working with them productively and
their prestige and influence is growing
because they're doing good things with
the United States that gets us a little
bit closer to them than China that's
probably good because China's ambitions
will be at least psychologically checked
if the US and Russia seemed to be
getting friendlier especially in terms
of you know world world relations so
China can be productive simply by being
more of a friend than a foe in the
future you have of course the budget
questions budgets are always big
questions everywhere
and the budget is it to a large extent
one of the big variables is the military
budget so our budget depends on to some
extent the budget in the United States
depends on Russia
so if Russia decided to spend less on
nukes and and being aggressive looking
we could spend less on defending against
them maybe maybe someday less on NATO so
we've got this huge benefit that would
benefit Russia even more than us which
is to stop spending so much money on
military to oppose each other when we
don't really have a reason for that now
below here we have the alleged alleged
and actual I guess crimes of Russia and
Putin in particular the Crimea eastern
Ukraine poisonings etc this is where the
pardon comes in the president has very
pointedly said let's let's move on from
the past these things are the present
but there are also things that quickly
become the past we could probably work
something out in terms of let's say
having the citizens decide you know what
country they want to be in I believe if
you held a referendum Crimea would say
well let's just be Russian so they might
actually be happy with that I don't know
as much about eastern Ukraine how much
of that is actual Russian Russian
leaning folks if not but you could
probably work this stuff out all right
I'm not the expert on that but you've
probably worked this out you could
probably threaten them to say stop doing
the poisonings that's just ruining
everything so now think about this
bigger picture
the president has arrayed this fairly
impressive pile of leverage against
Russia Russia is the linchpin for just
about everything we care about this
still matters just about everything just
by weird coincidence Russia is right in
the middle Putin is capable and he has
the incentive a big incentive because
you
as leverage against him to do what we
would like now if you were if you saw
this board this game board and you
didn't understand the world and the
context and how everything is created
and all you saw was the the meeting
between Putin and Trump what would be
your limited impression of that if
that's all you saw you just saw the
meeting between Trump and Putin well you
might say as many of the critics are hey
Trump's being too nice to this Putin guy
why are we why are we kissing his butt
why are we not being tough to him well
if being tough to him was getting us
what we wanted or it seemed like it
it might that would be a good strategy
but what would be a better strategy a
better strategy would be to see the
whole board and say look we've got all
of this serious leverage against you I
don't need to embarrass you in public if
you have all the leverage let me put it
in this terms if you're the one who has
all the leverage do you want to
embarrass the person that you need to
influence in public by you know calling
him out in front of the press that would
be a bad play that would be a very very
very bad play so what we see is that the
president partly through Locke because
he's coming in at a good point but
partly by design has has created a chess
board or if you want to use the pool
table analogy he has such a good
position on the board that's entirely
possible you're gonna see a
denuclearized North Korea tremendous
success in Iran probably a stable
situation in Syria that Israel is happy
about and the poor Palestinians are
going to be sort of out of allies you
saw recently the Saudi Arabia even said
that they're a little bit tired of the
Palestinians if Iran gets pulled away
from the Palestinians as well which
seems like a likely outcome through
Russia's help by isolating them then we
have a situation where President Trump
might be able to run the table so he's
set it up so that the critics are saying
well if you look through this narrow
keyhole at just any one of the things
happening it doesn't look like it's
going well very much like the pool table
where seven balls on the table looks
like a lot worse than two but if you see
it in its context he's very close to
being able to run the table now again
I'm going to say this is not a
prediction as the world is a messy place
there are so many variables something
could happen tomorrow that changes
everything
but the main point was we humans are
very bad and knowing the difference
between everything is going to fall
apart in a minute versus it's almost
time to run the table because it is very
close to the president being able to run
the table he needs one thing to happen
which is for Russia to recognize its own
best interest and pursue it think about
that just think about this for a moment
the only thing that stops all of this
goodness from happening yeah we're where
we end up saving money and we've got
peace and denuclearizing all over the
place the only the only thing that's
stopping it from happening is is
President Putin recognizing his own best
self-interest do you think that's hard I
don't think it is Putin seems pretty
good at recognizing his own best
interest and this is clearly it imagine
imagine a world where Putin decides to
be an adversary in just
dick imagine Putin making the huge
mistake of messing with our elections
again at the midterm imagine that Putin
is going to be under the weight of
history there's nothing good that comes
out of that nothing good but if he
becomes an ally and starts working with
with Trump
what would Putin accomplish Putin would
be part of denuclearizing North Korea
part of denuclearizing Iran and here's
the cool part part of denuclearizing
Russia and the United States because
both of them would like to get their
levels down and what would happen if the
United States and Russia agreed to
reduce their nukes well maybe it has an
effect on China I don't know but you're
right on the border right on the edge of
Putin and Trump working together I know
you don't like to hear that but working
together to be the greatest denuclearize
errs the world has ever seen
and it's in both of their best interests
tremendously in their best interests
you know amazingly in their best
interest it's not even close so can you
trust President Trump to do something
that is in president Trump's best
interest even his critics would say yes
right even his critics would say yes
president Trump will pursue his own best
interest it happens the president
Trump's best interest is to do a good
job and get all this stuff done can we
trust Putin to do what's in his own best
interest yes what is in his best
interest to work with Trump who he has
who we didn't Trump he has a partner I
think he could work with to get all of
this stuff done Putin can command this
from being under a pile of wet logs
which is where he is now it's like
Russia is under a pile of wet logs he
can get out of this president Trump has
offered him an escape hatch he could get
out of all these problems he can get a
pardon for his past behavior
and he can join the world stage as one
of the greatest leaders of all of
history it's his and all he has to do is
say yes basically take yes for an answer
Putin just has to work with Trump to get
some of this stuff done and if and if
Russia works with Trump to get this
stuff done guess what happens to
election interference guess what happens
to the the Muller thing and the thought
that Trump is in the bag for Putin and
all that it just goes away because
Trump's play all along
remember Trump said from the beginning I
think we're better off if Russia yeah if
we're working constructively with them
and this would be an example of that all
right somebody said can you start over
now I'm sure that you can make a story
where everything is terrible in the
world is going to end and you see the
critics doing that it's like my god
you've given Putin everything he needs
and all we got was a soccer ball but the
main point the big point is that we
humans and Mark Twain's of this first we
humans are terrible and knowing the
difference between good news and bad
news
we actually add down flight mh17 yeah
somebody said to add the flight that the
Russians knocked down the the reason I
don't I didn't have that on the list
originally is because I can't imagine
that Russia intentionally shot down a
passenger plane you know yes it's on
them for doing it but it doesn't feel
like it was intentional so maybe I don't
know enough about that situation but I
can't imagine that that was anything but
a horrible accident they wish hadn't
happened
but still it's on the list of bad
behavior that requires a pardon if you
will all right now the people are saying
you're so naive you may be joining us
late in the process because I have been
called naive before has anybody heard me
being called naive before was that when
I said candidate Trump will win the
election yes they all called me naive
was it when a year ago I said I think
we're actually closer to a breakthrough
with North Korea than we are to nuclear
war does anybody remember me being the
first person on the planet to say no no
it looks like North Korea is the worst
thing ever but you're seeing it wrong if
you look at the big picture we're
probably right on the edge of the
biggest breakthrough now which happened
well it turns out we were on the edge of
a big breakthrough and what was that and
if you look at this a half of the
country or more is saying you know it's
doomed and this thing with Putin is bad
and we've got a president who's a loser
so you know Russian mole and all that
that's that was pretty bad but I'm
telling you it's not quite a prediction
but we are on right on the cusp of
having the board completely in our favor
now remember I told you that one of
president Trump's negotiating strengths
is his ability to shake the shake the
box until something good lines up for
him all right so you saw him shake the
box by agreeing to have a summit with
Putin and that got everybody's hair on
fire then you saw him have the actual
meeting and you know that the box is
shaken again and people's hair is on
fire but while he was doing all this
shaking what was the biggest thing that
actually changed in the
in other words which variable is now
completely different than say you know a
year ago the biggest variable that
changed because of the shake in the box
is the attitude of the American public I
think the American public went from hey
Russia tried to hack us but but didn't
succeed wow that's bad on them we're
probably doing the same thing to them so
I think the Russian election hacking
went from yeah we should worry about
that and that sounds important but I'm
not going to put it on my top 20 if you
were to ask today people would say my
god
this Russian hacking of the election is
now a 10 and a 10 if Russia crosses the
line the US public will not stand for it
so the US public will require an
aggressive response and the government
is going to have to deliver it or we get
ourselves a different government that's
different that was never the situation
before so that's sort of like last year
and I would say even the last month or
so it's sort of you know crystallized
into this this this super powerful
variable where before it was just
another variable so Russia is in a vice
grip right now
they've got they've got one path bad
analogy vice-grip but they're they're in
a bind because public opinion is so
aggressively against them on the on the
hacking question that both the left and
the right are united against Russia
so Russia in its attempt to divide
America did succeed in terms of the
political discourse so I don't know how
much they'd succeeded but it does look
like Russia probably had some gains in
terms of worsening our political
discourse but there was an unintended
consequence and the unintended
consequence is that there's nothing
Americans like better
that a common enemy there's nothing
Americans like better than a common
enemy
and Putin completely accidentally finds
himself of the common enemy is there
anybody on the left who thinks he should
get away with messing with our elections
nope none is there anybody on the right
who thinks he should get away with
messing with our elections again even a
little bit nope not one person and how
much do we care about it now well a year
ago I didn't care that much today pretty
important so that is completely
different and that's that's what you get
when President Trump shakes the box
eventually eventually variables are
gonna line up in his favor and that's
when he stopped shaking because you
don't shake it again once you get the
board in your favor and right now the
board is completely favoring Trump and
Putin he also has a very very favorable
path very favorable like if you were a
leader of a country and you had this
opportunity I mean literally to solve
the biggest problems in the world in the
next 12 months if you think about it in
12 months Putin could be one of the
greatest leaders of all history you know
along with the other leaders who are
helping out President Trump being the
prime so that's where our situation is
give you some feedback was any of this
new or interesting to you I'd like to
hear your comments because when I do the
complicated stuff I don't read your
comments as that are going by
yeah somebody asked me if I saw the
lights go out when Trump was giving his
talk yeah so some of you noticed that
some of you noticed that I tweeted that
Russia had succeeded in uniting the
country into saying that if they cross
the line again that we would turn off
their lights for them so I used the
phrase in a tweet we would turn off
their lights for them meaning Russia if
they mess with us again and then the
president goes on TV with him I don't
know a couple hours of me saying that
and as he's talking his lights go off
and and I heard that historian I thought
well you know I was talking about
Russia's lights going off but that's a
heck of a coincidence so it makes me
think we're in the simulation and it's a
case of code reuse have you ever noticed
that when there's a new idea somewhere
in the world and this is an actual an
actual effect it seems like when there's
a new idea in the world it pops up
everywhere in the world have you noticed
that and one explanation is well the
world was just ready yeah the world was
ready for that idea it was because of
all the other things sort of suggested
this new thing and everybody started
seeing it at the same time I suppose
that's one explanation the other
explanation is code reuse because
imagine every time you're adding a new
piece of code to your simulation you
want to you want to want it to be as
useful as possible so you introduce it
and it gets reused in a variety of
settings so it might be evidence or in
the simulation could be reticular
activation it could be but I think I
would have noticed the lights going out
though it's also more likely selective
attention so I just noticed things that
look like coincidences and I don't
notice things that don't look like
coincidences so there there are normal
explanations for that don't require
yeah Rupert Sheldrake you're right he
was the guy behind that idea that people
have ideas in the same places
now Sheldrake was not credible but he is
associated with that idea all right I'm
going to sign off for now
looks like people liked this
presentation and I'll keep it relatively
short I'll talk to you later