Market's taking a
dive the S&P 500 down
1.6%
Tesla down almost 6% Nvidia 4%
Yer none of it is permanent it's just
the market not being certain about
things so I wouldn't worry about it I'm
not going to be selling anything
personally that's not a recommendation I
don't give a stock recommendations but
I'll tell you what I'm doing which is
wait it out that's what I do with stocks
in general just wait it
out all right let's get my comments up
here and then we got a show for you that
you're going to love you're just going
to love
[Music]
it good morning every everybody and
welcome to the highlight of human
civilization it's called coffee with
Scott Adams and I'm pretty sure you've
never had a better time in your whole
life but if you'd like to take this
experience up to another level all you
need is a CER M or a glass of tanker CH
sign a canteen Jugger flask a vessel of
any kind fill it with your favorite
liquid I like coffee and join me now for
the unparallel pleasure the dopamine the
day thing makes everything better it's
called the simultaneous Sip and it's
happening
no so
satisfying well did anybody watch the
Grammys last night if he did I'm
sorry did anybody have the experience I
had I I tried to watch like a little bit
of
it and I was just so grossed out so
first of all the
aesthetic um you know just sort of the
look of the whole thing it seemed to be
like a drag queen on
LSD now again if you like your drag
queens I don't care what anybody does as
an adult but as a as a design aesthetic
I don't know just looked like it was a
little too much of whatever is too much
but here's the overwhelming thing I
thought could you get it out of your
mind all the Diddy
stuff so in in the in the wake of the
Diddy stuff you know they got lots of
attention on Jay-Z and Beyonce because
Beyonce won the I guess the album of the
year or something and they brought there
a 13-year-old
daughter now you know that Jay-Z is
being accused of something with a
13-year-old not his daughter right just
to be clear there's there's no
accusations about anything with the
daughter but he's being accused of some
bad behavior with a daughter now I don't
know if it's true he's innocent he
proven guilty unless it's a it might be
a civil thing I think it might be a
civil thing not not a criminal thing but
I'm not sure actually I need a fact
check on that is it criminal or civil
but uh all I could think about was that
and every every person they they showed
on screen I thought to myself did you
have to you know go to a diddy party to
get where you're at because I wonder so
the whole thing to me looked like a
bunch of sex offenders and they're
victims and and they were dressing in
Drag and looking like they were all on
LSD and I thought to myself it's not
just because I'm old right now I get
that at some age you don't connect with
the modern music
but I've never really had that problem
you know if the music is good I tend to
like it no matter what genre it is or
anything else but there was just
something deeply disturbingly broken
about the vibe of the whole thing and I
think it's because the Diddy thing just
just is like a wet blanket on the whole
situation but then yay shows up with his
uh wife uh not wife wife yeah wife um
Bianca sorri
and as he likes to
do she drops her fur jacket for the
cameras and is wearing only a
transparent cover up that doesn't cover
anything she's literally just naked with
something that's like a dress but not
you know because it's
transparent and they make sure everybody
gets a good look and everything and I'm
trying to
think what's behind
that it's not meant
illness you know and yay may have some
issues with mental illness but I don't
think that's what's behind that it it
looks strategic it looks like he knows
how to get attention but it looks to me
like revenge on his
ex-wife now I'm just reading mines here
I have no idea what anybody's thinking
but when I watch him go that far over
the top it's almost like he's sending a
message to Kim
Kardashian that maybe you should you
know calm down your your uh let's say
sexual presentation of your brand while
you've got kids because I believe he
complained about that right didn't
didn't yay try to get Kim to tone it
down because it seemed inappropriate in
front of kids so instead of going with
that approach of hey maybe you should
tone it down in front of the kids he
goes with all right if you're not going
to tone run it down let's see how far we
can take it so it's almost like he's
challenging Kim to say that he went too
far because that would be a
win to say that he went too
far um so this might be entirely just a
drama between two people that's being
played out in front of the world and
that's just a guess just a guess because
it's hard to it's hard to imagine what
would be any other reason for it
um y's wife has resting hostage face you
know I don't think that's what's going
on um again I can't read mines but I'll
just tell you the impression I get the
impression I get is that she's
submissive by preference just lifestyle
preference and the fact that he requires
her to do things that are Way Beyond you
know why you would expect a normal
person's limit to be might be exactly
why she likes them
so if you're saying oh he's abusing her
and she's putting up with it and you're
watching some kind of crime in action or
something maybe maybe right I can't read
the minds but it doesn't look like it to
me it looks like she's a full
participant and has agency and the way
she wants to use her own agency is being
a part of this thing so it doesn't look
like she's fighting it to me I don't
know I hope not I mean I hope she's not
any kind of a victim but she looks like
she's fully fully on board someday she
might look back at it and say I wish I
hadn't done that but that's true of all
of
us we all have those things well maybe I
shouldn't have done that but that's
later well msnbc's uh January Prime Time
demographic they're down 41% from this
time last
year have you thought about how hard it
would be to be
MSNBC in the face of overwhelming
success by Trump and
Doge their only job now is to somehow
stop the
success to stop the success the things
that Trump is doing are definitely
popular with more than half of the
public you know maybe you could find one
thing or something that that isn't but
generally speaking you know reducing the
expenses of the government and you know
closing up the border and getting rid of
the pronouns is mostly pretty popular
stuff so if you're the network whose job
is to stop the government from doing
popular useful successful
things I guess people don't watch you so
much it's kind of hard to keep the
illusion up that there were ever two
sides not really I mean there was one
side that was just like a negative
Force anyway I keep waiting for Trump to
steal my
democracy and uh I think it's going to
happen any minute now I mean I was
warned MSNBC said he's going to steal
your democracy and I
just I quake in fear every day that he's
going to go steal my democracy no don't
steal my democracy anyway um as you know
the five or six viewers who are still
watching MSNBC are not going to be
fooled by Trump's overwhelming uh and
Rapid success because you know what they
know about his overwhelming and Rapid
success at fixing every problem in the
United States clearly that's a
distraction from his real attempt to
steal your democracy yeah he's coming
for it he's coming after your
democracy well let's check check on the
Trump effect in other countries shall we
if the Trump effect is what we say it is
this all powerful force it would have an
effect on not just domestic stuff not
just on republ Republicans but might
have an effect on other countries let's
do a let's do a little survey of the
other countries and find out let's see
France uh what's happening in France oh
uh Europe's richest man uh who's French
brron Orno uh he praised Trump and uh he
uh he said I just returned from the US
and I have witness The Winds of optimism
in that country he said coming back to
France is a bit like taking a cold sh
to and uh he's looking to do a lot more
business in America cuz that's the good
place to do
business so I guess France just decided
that they
suck compared to America's Winds of
optimism uh how about Venezuela you know
we've had a tough time with Venezuela uh
they've had words we've had words and
you know they say we're not sending our
CR criminals and we say you're sending
your criminals and they say we're not
doing that what are you talking about
and then we say we're shipping them back
and they say you can't ship them back
they don't exist or something like that
but Venezuela uh just agreed to receive
back into the country all the gang
members and Venezuelan illegal
aliens so they've agreed to take back
everybody we capture in that Trend
aragua
group okay now did that how did that
agreement quickly come about happened
kind of quickly well it turns out that
uh Trump sent his secret weapon to
Venezuela Richard grenell so Richard
grenell I didn't know this but I guess
they're going to call him a special
Envoy wow is he
special it seems like wherever you send
Richard grenell something good happens
like it's very consistent what'd you do
well we sent Richard grenell we got some
hostages back what do he do on Tuesday
that's Monday what do you do on Tuesday
well went to Venezuela and arranged for
all the criminals to be in Venezuela to
be sent back oh that was a one-day
meeting he did that with one meeting
yeah that's what he does he has one
meeting and then he gets what he wants
and he goes home and then he's a special
Envoy for something else I've never seen
I've never seen a special
Envoy who was a uh what would you call
it baseball a utility player or somebody
who can play every position you every
now and then you get like a baseball
player who can literally play every
position you know very rare but
apparently grenell can do that so we'll
just I guess Trump will just keep
sending him wherever something needs to
be
fixed how about Panama well well many of
you were taking the weekend
off guess what Trump was not doing
taking the week weekend off guess what
Doge was not doing this weekend taking
the weekend off and and uh musk was
bragging that it's like a superpower
because all the enemy goes away for a
weekend and then the Doge people can do
their thing and since the enemy I'll say
the the Deep state or whoever wants to
prevent them from success uh let's call
them the enemy in this context they just
don't do the work so so TR um musk comes
in with people who do the work and do
more than the work and then do more work
than you've ever seen anybody ever do
then sleep at the office and get up and
do more work how do you compete with
that if you're some government
bureaucrat it's like they don't have a
chance
so anyway uh speaking of Panama so Marco
Rubio Secretary of um State went down
there to talk to Panama about the fact
that China's got too much control over
their operation
and Panama said you know what how about
we just don't renew their
contract and I guess Rubio said well
I'll take that back to the president
that might work now did we really want
to send the military down to Panama no
did we want to conquer Panama and make
it a state no did we want any military
action at all no no we didn't
but here's what Trump can do that nobody
else can do he can make you believe it's
coming and the thing is he doesn't
really
Bluff you know he he does hyperbole a
lot but he doesn't bluff if he says if
you do this I'm going to do this he does
that and he's so consistent that people
know okay man that's not a bluff if
anybody else does things like that the
other side treats it as a bluff first
and the first thing you do is treat it
as a bluff just to see you know maybe
you can work with it but if you know
he's not bluffing you go immediately to
the
solution because everything else would
be a waste of time so you go to the
solution apparently that's what's
happening so Panama's offered this deal
I don't know yet if Trump is going to
say this is good enough he might push
again you know because the the deal is
that Panama would wait two years for
their contract with the Chinese that are
apparently managing some part of the
canal and they would just go home I
guess so so that's a win looks like a
clean win it it happened so quickly that
there was a picture of Rubio uh getting
off the
plane and I said I I posted something
and asked about wouldn't it be good to
have a a quick win because it really
sets the stage if you have a some fast
wins by the time i' post it it was
already being reported that he got a
deal like wow on a Sunday he's working
the weekends getting deals
nice well you've also probably heard
that uh Greenland is getting a little
flexible now if you haven't seen a good
map of the top of the world where you
can see the extensive um let say border
of
Russia and you see the passage that
Russia wants to have control over
through the Arctic and you see where
Greenland is is
situated one thing that's very clear and
apparently uh the NATO Secretary General
said the same thing he said quote he
just agreed with President Trump on
Greenland and is calling on Denmark to
immediately begin
negotiations so NATO is saying yeah this
is this is a risk bigger than we want to
take green land has to be controlled by
a serious military or it's vulnerable
and it's vulnerable in a really bad way
so now we know that uh I guess Denmark
has softened to the point of saying well
the people in Greenland have to decide
and I saw at least one poll that said
57% of greenlanders want to become part
of the United States but I don't believe
that I think it's more likely that the
greenlanders want to be left alone and
have their own autonomy so it looks like
they may have
offered that the US can have um a lot
more military presence in Greenland but
that they wouldn't you know it wouldn't
be controlling the
government does that
work um let me describe what it means if
the entire military in your country is
from another
country if you agree that your entire
country will be populated with someone
else's
military you just hand it over the
country the only reason it's safe is
that we don't give a about their
tiny population of greenlanders and we
wish them well when I say we don't give
a I don't mean that we dislike them
we we like them I mean Don junr went
there they got along great they seem
like terrific people I and I and I hope
that they get as much autonomy as they
want and I hope they do
great but if the US military is the only
military in the
country I'm not sure you can exactly say
that that's autonomous but if it works
for them and then it might it might you
know as long as we agree to leave them
alone politically because they're not
doing anything that would hurt us right
they're completely harmless they they
have no ill will toward the United
States we have no ill will toward them
maybe they can just do their thing get
richer maybe make some deals with
America maybe there'll be some American
Enterprise working there give them some
more jobs to me it's all upside it looks
like it's all upside for them and us so
it looks like the Trump effect is going
to make something happened in Greenland
that's
good uh let's check on Mexico let's see
uh uh one of the funniest thing that
happened recently it wasn't yesterday
but the Mexican Government agreed uh or
offered that they would work with the US
military against the
cartels do you have any problem with
that the the Mexican Government
offered to work with the US military to
get the cartels does anybody see a
problem with
that like the government is the
cartel or at least Works closely with
them the last thing our military is
going to
do is allow the leaks in the government
to destroy all their military plans
there isn't the slightest chance that
the US military if they were to plan an
attack on the cartels there's not the
slightest chance they would tell the
Mexican Government what they were
planning to do that would just be
telling the cartels everybody knows that
so it's kind of hilarious that the
Mexican Government would say Hey you
know why don't we help with our military
and you can imagine the US Military
saying uh thanks for the offer I think
we're good I think we're good we we'll
take care of
this so that's happening meanwhile p
hegf is heading to the border and uh he
says he's going to observe the military
deployment there again this is perfect
presidenting now not that doesn't mean
that the president ordered heg to go to
the Border but don't you feel better
about everything when the leader goes
and he's there on site no matter how
many times he does it he or she whenever
the leader goes to the place we all feel
better and we know that but uh when it
was Biden he couldn't go to the
place um and I don't think enough of his
people did either so yeah the power of
just going to that place whatever that
place is if you're a leader very
powerful and uh Trump Administration
uses that really well now I think that
heg Seth is probably doing a lot more
than just checking out the deployment to
stop people from crossing the border I
assume he's also having conversations
about offensive U attacks on the
cartels now in uh in the context of that
we have this report that the cartels
allegedly have authorized using deadly
drones against border patrol if needed
I don't think the cartels are going to
do that certainly not if it's ordered
from the top they're not going to do it
because it would be crazy it would be
crazy for them to give the US uh the
green
light if the cartels kill one American
Service person or even injure them it's
so
on you you realize that we've got 350
million people who are just saying go go
do it do it do it qu don't shoot us but
we're but we're certainly rooting for
the military to get rid of some cartel
leaders so we'll see what happens there
well how about Canada so Canada has a
unique uh if got a strategy for fighting
back against the United States I don't
know if you saw it on the weekend but
they sent their um their design who
would act
sad
so so on one hand you've got Trump who's
putting tariffs on Canada that are so
big it could destroy their entire
economy and their country and the
response is to tell us it makes us feel
sad it makes us feel sad we were so
friends but we were such good friends
why would you do this it makes us feel
sad but we're all sad now now we what if
we stop being friendly we were so
friendly but now we're sad so that's
their defense um
so it turns out that the biggest export
of Canada was
testosterone um there's something about
they're also going to have some tariffs
on American stuff that we don't care
about we may never even notice because
the the difference in size of our
markets is such that their tariffs won't
have the same effect as our
tariffs but it gets better dug forward
the the premier of Ontario he's not
going to have any of this American
bullying so he's DEC decided that he's
not going to give um contracts to
Americans for some stuff they're doing
in
Ontario to which I say oh wait a minute
why would Americans get those contracts
in the first
place uh I can only think of one
reason that they were the best
bid so to hurt us they're going to use
the people who are not as good to build
their
stuff okay good luck with that you know
there was a reason you picked American
companies but hey if you can do it on
your own let's see but here's the best
part he decided that he was going to uh
turn off access at least in Ontario uh
to
starlink
so who who taught Canada how to
fight they're going to turn off their
own internet
they're going to turn off their own
internet to to to teach us a
lesson but they're also sad they're sad
too so it's not just that they're de
it's not just that they're turning off
uh starlink for their Rural and poor
population they're also sad so you put
those two together I don't know what
Trump's going to do about
it oh my oh my anyway
way uh so those are the silly countries
so now we know how the silly countries
act how about China now say what you
will about
China they're a pretty serious country
right they're not like the silly ones so
what did China do when it entered what
looked like a trade war with the United
States when when the United States said
it was going to raise the Tariff by
10% China the most rational country in
the world said oh well that would be a
trigger to have larger trade
talks and then we say oh yeah exactly
exactly that's what we want let's have
some larger trade talks and apparently
they may have made some
um they may have made some promises to
further reduce fentanyl precursor
exports which they say they weren't
doing so China went from we're not
producing any Sentinel to let's talk by
the way we'll try to reduce all the
fenel wait you you just said you don't
have fenel that you already fixed that
problem yeah yeah we fixed it but we'll
fix it way better if we have these
comprehensive
talks well I don't expect China to do
anything on fentel because they have a
track record of promising and not doing
it but now we've got a hammer and it's
the tariffs and I don't think they're
going to avoid them uh I don't think
Trump is here here's what I here's what
we did wrong before when they promis to
do
something we've pulled back on any
punishment uh now I'll need a fact check
on that but I think that's the case
shouldn't we keep the punishment on
until we see results I mean if the
punishment is tariffs shouldn't we keep
them on until the Sentinel stops coming
from China why would we why would we
take off the pressure when we know they
lie about this exact thing all the time
well we'll see what
happens uh let's see how South Africa is
doing Trump just uh cut off uh American
funding for South Africa which was $660
million a year and 400 million of that
was for AIDS to battle AIDS in that
country and but also a lot of it was for
education and economic
velopment and uh Trump basically said
that bad things are happening over there
that the government is confiscating land
and treating certain classes of
people white people uh very badly all in
caps now I went to perplexity and I said
what percentage of the
GDP with 300 um yeah would uh 660
million be it's not much I it's less
than 1% of their GDP
so they can fund all those things if
they want to you know move their
priorities around so I'm not even sure
why why we were involved in giving them
so much money if it's a tiny part of
their
GDP kind of means they didn't need it
but it was expensive so maybe it was
just to control them or I don't know
seem like we're good people or
something but according to perplexity
it's based on a fake issue and that the
fact that farmers are being attacked is
not about white Farmers yeah according
to perplexity which I'm pretty sure
wants to do business in
China um the attacks on the farmers
include black
Farmers so there you go here you you
thought that it was against white
Farmers but perplexity says black
Farmers
also have been
attacked so it's not really about the
white Farmers it's according to
perplexity no I don't believe any kind
of search engine that says anything
about China can we agree on that I don't
believe anybody in the NBA who says
anything about how good China is right
there are some entities that by their
nature you should not trust whatsoever
and one of them is the news and the
other is search engines and the other is
anything anybody in the NBA says about
China none of that you could believe so
I do believe that prob some black
Farmers have been victims of crime but I
think the bigger picture
is the white Farmers have been driven
out that's my guess I'll take a fact
check on that but I don't believe
anything that perplexity tells me on
China otherwise it's a great app I
recommend
it well here's a little announcement for
those of you who are uh if you're
subscribing to Dilbert either on the
locals platform where you get the
Politics as well but if you only want
Dilbert and no politics you could
subscribe on the xplatform and if you
did on one week from today you'll see
that Dilbert will be joining the Doge
project so Dilbert will go to DC um he
will be recruited by Elon Musk
himself uh and he will go to work on the
Doge
project so look for that um you can the
subscription button is on X in my
profile
$3 a month worth it all right
um let's talk about
Doge I don't know about you but uh a
number of people said the same thing I
was just glued to X for the last several
days in a way that's making me sick I
mean just so much overload of new
stories coming out and they're all a
little bit complicated because you have
to understand some context but so
much so much so I'm going to do my best
to try to explain it to you who are not
following it closely it's worth
following closely It's the Most
Fascinating thing I've ever seen if
you're going to follow it closely I
recommend Mike Ben bnz so follow him on
X and you'll get all the context you
need and just really well
explained but let me just say that for
now you know the the Democrat attack on
the Doge thing was that uh oh it's an
unelected government and TR uh musk is
really in charge and you know trying to
make it a a thing to put a wedge between
Trump and and musk but you know they've
again uh praised each other in the news
um musk says he loves Trump literally
loves them and that uh and Trump saying
these you know mus is doing a great job
with the Doge stuff but here's my take I
think Trump is the only person who could
have made this work and by this I mean
allowing uh Elon Musk to have as much
say and as much influence over the cross
cutting as possible and the only reason
he's the only one who can do it is he
has unnatural
confidence which what we like about him
he's unnaturally confident so when you
bring in a threat to to Trump I don't
even think he sees it that way and and
he shouldn't because the one thing that
Trump brings that nobody's ever brought
as a as a president is the boss Charisma
of all boss charism now some of it you
know this for a fact right he he knows
the show he understands how to put on
the show but
genuinely in addition to the show he has
the most boss charisma I've ever
seen now Elon Musk has the sort of
leadership Charisma that we've never
seen either but if you put them together
musk would overshadow anyone else anyone
else this wouldn't work because the
president wouldn't be strong enough in
our minds not just in reality but in our
minds we wouldn't say oh this Jimmy
Carter can control this situation right
would we have said oh don't worry
Biden's really the boss no you would
never say that because you wouldn't
believe it and you could even go through
some Republicans if they were president
would you really think they were in
charge if you saw a musk running wild
he's not running wild he's authorized to
do everything he's
doing but I think I think we have to
like take a moment to recognize how
special this is Trump is the only person
the only person who could could make
this work nobody else has the confidence
nobody else has the boss Charisma that
even when it's done you could look at
him and say yeah Trump was in charge he
was in charge the whole way so you're
going to see Trump maybe reverse some of
the decisions and he he's hinted that he
would do that there's some that he's not
completely on board with some he will be
some he might get talked into but uh
yeah nobody else could make that work
it's a very very special situation
anyway let's talk about uh what's does
doing um there is a uh heart of the deep
State and I didn't know if Doge could
find it because I thought man they're
going to try to drill everywhere at once
and they're not going to know how to
decipher the government it's too
complicated and the money is flowing in
so many directions you'll never know
exactly who's funding what or who's
behind everything and so I said to
myself you know the best person in the
world to decipher the complexity is you
know Elon Musk and whoever he picks to
do it I mean you couldn't get better
people but I still thought it's beyond
what a human can do like no matter how
smart the human is I thought nah never
going to get there but this is where
Mike Benz comes in because Mike Benz for
the last several years has been
detailing the architecture of the I'll
call it the Deep State and you could
argue whether that's a good name or not
but he's detailed where the money goes
where the real power is which entities
are essentially fake cutouts for
intelligence Etc and so the Doge team
had a
map they had a map they were not
drilling
randomly uh I'm pretty sure and this is
not confirmed but Common Sense tells you
it's true cuz bends and musks you know
they know they they they're familiar
with each other's work so you don't have
to wonder if they're familiar with Mike
Ben they are they're very familiar and I
think that was the big break I I think
that
Ben has a place in history that I don't
know if he'll ever be fully appreciated
for what he's done so far and he's not
even done but oh my God I think it made
this possible so
but then you've got the complexity all
right you you might drill in the right
place but you're immediately going to be
you know lost in
complexity except it turns out that musk
may have hired just the right autists
for the
job there there are reports that he has
really young people and really brilliant
people and they can handle just about
any level of complexity but it gets
better they might be using AI
they might be using AI so that they can
use their own intelligence to get
purchase right they can get in there and
grab on and then before they're forced
to release by the overwhelming
complexity and bureaucracy of it they
can use the AI to figure out where the
tendrils are and figure out where to
start snipping it and that's what
they're doing so I I'll explain more
about this in a moment but the the Deep
heart of the deep State appears to be
one or two entities and the biggest
among them is something called us Aid
not to be confused with anything about
AIDS has nothing to do with that
although there may be some funding for
that too and it's not for Aid to other
countries it is specifically for
manipulating and controlling other
countries and also for controlling the
United States via a mechanism by which
the the funding of external entities
allows the government to do things our
government to do things that would be
illegal if they funded it
directly how bad is it well would you
like some examples so this is a 50
billion entity that most of you have
never heard of right in the comments
tell me unless you're following Mike
bentons you probably never heard of us
Aid $50 billion
budget here's some of the things that
they've
done let's see they've
uh
[Music]
uh God there's so many things they've
done here are some of the things they've
done they they do capacity building in
other countries you should know what
that phrase means capacity building what
that means is they create organizations
and they fund them in other countries so
thing you use them later to control the
other country so for example it might be
uh a labor union they get control of or
some other charity group that's big or
basically any entity they can control so
the US Aid would be the funding for the
the spies and things to control other
countries but they might be controlling
our country too because if it's the same
entity that funds people in other
countries that say hey we're going to
censor
X well maybe that's not for the benefit
of the other countries maybe that's how
the United States the Deep State
controls Elon Musk by funding something
in another
country that turns out to come back to
the United States as a way you can't
can't do that in Europe so you can't
make money so you can't have X anymore
because you won't be able to make enough
money because you can't operate in
Europe for example so there are all
these dirty tricks that involve our
government giving money to somebody in
another country so that they can do the
thing that our government can't do
directly how bad is it when when Elon
Musk said to Trump we should get rid of
the entire thing and has a vast just a
vast number of things it's involved in
Trump said
yes the whole thing is going to be
erased the entire
thing here's what else they've done uh
besides capacity building and
overthrowing other governments um and
censoring Americans they funded the Ecco
Health Alliance you remember them oh no
our government never we never funded
that Wuhan lab what are you talking
about no no there's no record of uh the
government of the United States funding
the Wuhan lab and and their Corona virus
stuff no oh we oh they did fund
usaid and us a did fund Eco Health
Alliance and Ecco Health Alliance did
fund the Wuhan lab but not the American
government no see that's how they do it
if there's anything deeply illegal and
wrong that the public wouldn't want to
know we did they do it that
way um did you know and this one blew my
mind you know the Soros prosec UTS this
is another Mike Ben's Discovery um the
Soros prosecutors so we know that George
Soros and now Alexander Soros uh has
funded various
prosecutors and uh people like that in
different states and using it to do what
to the United States we don't know but
it turns out the Soros was only the
second biggest funer for the so-called
Soros Das do you know what was the
biggest funer of the Soros
dasas us
Aid it was coming from inside the
house oh my God it was coming
from inside the house the whole time and
we didn't know it until Doge got a hold
of the documents that are now becoming
public
wow so just imagine that every bad thing
that could happen that you wouldn't want
to happen went through the same entity
basically um and there's another entity
involved with that he got some other
some other letters in the name I'll
remember in a
minute all right but here's the thing oh
the National Endowment for
democracy I think that's the one
Victoria nuland's on but here's the fun
part when when Doge starts pulling these
strings there's a certain group of
people who emerge like prairie dogs Boop
their little heads pop up to
complain those are the Deep State
operatives now maybe there'll be some
exceptions but I think you going to find
out the entire architecture of the bad
guys because they're the ones who are
going to start fighting this the hardest
so here the here are the the prairie
dogs that I think you're going to see
fighting the hardest probably a
check suddenly AOC really cares about
keeping this funding uh you're going to
see Jamie Rasin Adam Schiff swell maybe
Brennan uh Clapper seems to be in hiding
but if he came out of hiding he'd
probably say oh we should fund it um
have you noticed that Hillary is
quiet nobody's been more quiet than
Hillary
lately what's up with
that Hillary used to say a lot and she's
kind of quiet
lately we'll find
out um and then Bernie
Sanders here's what Bernie Sanders says
about the whole Doge thing quote we
we're we're looking at a rapid growth of
oligarchy we're looking at a a rapid
growth of authoritarianism and I fear
that we're looking at a rapid growth of
kleptocracy as
well all right let me put that in a
summary um here are two things that that
everyone knows don't work for Democrats
all right two things that don't work one
is identity
politics and the other saying uh
bleeding if you will bleeding like a
sheep trumps going to steal our
democracy that that's my impression of a
sheep bleeding trumps going to steal our
democracy he
cpy so those are two things that
Democrats know for sure don't work
identity politics and bleeding that
Trump will steal your democracy so what
if Sanders and the rest of the Democrats
doing about that well it looks like
they're going to double down on identity
politics and say even louder that
Trump's G to steal your democracy but
louder louder louder he's going to steal
your democracy with his kleptocracy and
his
oligarchy stealing your democracy
that's all they
have they don't have anything
else so that's
fun
um we're also seeing Norm Eisen and
somebody named Marc a they're claiming
that the firing of the doj people and
the FBI is violating their due process
so really the identities of
everybody on the you know Hillary
Clinton Obama deep State you know worst
people in the world list they're all
they're all coming out they're prairie
dogging so every single person you see
who pops up their head and says oh musk
is running the country he's an
oligarch you can identify the Deep State
their their disguise is completely blown
now or their their undercover is
completely blown that's
fun as uh Elon Musk said on X he said uh
one lesson I remember from the PayPal
days the PayPal days he said uh uh do
you know who complained the loudest the
fraudsters there would be a media over
the toop indignation from the
frauders normal people will say quote I
think there's something wrong but
frauders will come hot out the gate with
fake
outrage huh frster fake outrage
we're looking at a rapid growth of
oligarchy we're looking at a rapid
growth of authoritarianism and I fear
that we're looking at a rapid growth of
kleptocracy as well huh that feels like
a coming out of the gate hot with fake
outrage I guess he called it uh they'll
claim that that there're a single mom
with kids and blah blah blah blah so
that's how you find the
frauders all right um Do You Remember
when
uh do you remember when Schumer said it
was a few years ago several years ago he
was on Rachel mow show and he said that
Trump was messing with the intelligence
community and that was dumb because the
intelligence Community quote uh has six
ways from Sunday to get back at
you now how do you interpret that other
than Schumer working for the
intelligence community and when I say
working for them I don't mean they pay
him I mean Schumer is are a
because he told us that right if if he
says you don't go against the
intelligence Community because they will
get back at you and it would be stupid
to do it doesn't that admit that he
would not do it doesn't that admit if
they told him to dance he would dance if
they told him to jump off a l ledge and
break his leg he would jump off a ledge
and break his
leg I mean what else does it mean he's
telling us directly you can't go against
our own intelligence Community or you'll
pay for it now connect that to us Aid so
USA was sort of a u
multi-faced outfit so they would do
stuff for the state department they
would do stuff for the intelligence
Community basically if anybody had a
Dark Project they would all go to the
same budget because it wasn't really
being monitored or audited the way it
should be now at the same time um musk
somehow got access to the treasury
payment system so that now they can look
at every payment made and apparently the
the rule in the treasury was to never
question any payment including if they
knew it was going to
terce they would still have to pay it
now I suppose the reason for that was if
the if the intelligence Community wanted
to put some money into play to get
something done you don't want the
treasury people to say you can't do that
because you know it's already sort of a
sort of an undercover process
so between uh penetrating the US Aid and
having access to the treasury payments
and then you add all of elon's alleged
autists and then you add
AI oh my God this is going to ref
fund as they keep drilling
down so yeah we we certainly found out
who's in charge of the country we'll see
if that
changes um Democrats are doing
great the New York Times uh did some
reporting on Sunday I guess they went
and talked to a bunch of Democrats to
find out what their strategy is and the
Democrats say uh we don't have a
strategy and we're all in trouble and
there's no leader but uh they got a
quote from the one I call the dumbest
Democrat a representative Jasmine
Crockett now I love when she's in the
news because she honestly seems to be
the dumbest Democrat but she's also loud
so if you're loud and dumb it's just
extra fun so here's what the here's what
Jasmine Crockett says representative
Crockett she says quote we have no
coherent message okay so far that's what
a lot of Democrats say so that's not
dumb that's not dumbb at all we have no
coherent message but she goes on um but
she's talking about Trump when she says
this she goes this guy is psychotic
psychotic let's see did anybody else say
anything about
him let's see Sanders we're looking at a
rapid growth of oligarchy and looking at
a rapid growth of authoritarianism I
feel that we're looking at a rapid
growth of
kpy but maybe it's a rapid growth of
psychotic behavior too
let's throw that in the list because
that works that's a good strategy to
throw in these vague insults that'll get
him that'll get Trump he he just buckles
when you insult him nobody ever thought
of
it uh then she goes on and she says this
guy is psychotic and there's so much
good point there's so
much he's not only going to steal your
democracy and be a KP rcy but there's so
much there's just so much and then she
goes on but everything that underlines
it is white you Supremacy and
hate there it is and that's why you're
the dumbest member of the
Democrats did nobody give you the me
nobody gave you the memo that this is
exactly why you lost this is exactly why
you lost it's this
anyway
um and he says there needs to be a
message that is clear on at least the
underlying thing that comes with all
this so she'd like the Democrats to
really focus on the white
supremacy because that'll get you
elected H
anyway so here's what I think if the
Democrats agree and they all seem to
agree that they don't have a coherent
message going
forward what does that tell you about
the message they
had why would they abandon the message
that they felt so strongly about you
know all the messages of the last four
years why why would they give up on all
the things they were fighting to the
death
for I can only think of one
reason they knew it wasn't
real
right did did the uh the Wagers stop
fighting fighting no because their issue
is still the same today as it was
yesterday but the Democrats just decided
they need a new
strategy if you need a new strategy it
means all the things you were trying to
sell you knew were or or you
found out were how in the world
would you ever trust somebody who said
let's reinvent ourselves as a completely
different thing and care about different
things like who would trust that you
know at least the Republicans have
largely been Republicans for a long time
you you can kind of anticipate what a
republican will do in any situation now
a magga republican is a special brand
but you can predict them as
well and I guess you can predict what
Democrats will do which is whatever is
the dumbest thing you can
do so why is it that Democrats had any
power at all when their message and
their priorities were just flat out
stupid and the answer is they control
the media if you control the media you
can sell to half of the country that
stupid things are smart things and
that's what they did they sold to half
of the country that stupid things were
smart things and then when Trump
basically destroyed the Legacy Media
with Elon Musk and a once the Legacy
Media was so crippled that it couldn't
do what it normally does then it became
OB obvious that they were selling bad
ideas from the start they only had bad
ideas that's
it so yeah the destruction of the Legacy
Media makes everything a lot more
clear uh here's a funny story according
to Newsmax
money um so Obama is building a
Presidential
Library and he's being sued by one of
the subcontractors for
racism that's right
uh Obama is being sued for racism no not
Obama I think probably just whatever the
entity is that's building the library
probably not him personally
but so what does your mind say your your
brain automatically goes to oh oh there
probably was some white contractor who
didn't get a deal right so so the white
contractor is going to sue Obama and
claim that only the black contractors
got the job right nope nope that's not
what it is turns out it was a black
contractor who is suing for racism suing
the Obama Library project for racism
saying that they discriminated against
them for being
black now the counterargument is that
the subcontractor did not perform and
wasn't even close to doing a good job
that's the counter argument so that's
happening
so in other
words the contractor if you believe the
counter claim the contractor was
picked because he was
black in other words it was probably a
Dei decision meaning that the Obama
Library couldn't really be built by a
bunch of white people I mean you can
kind of see how that wouldn't be the the
ideal look you know not what he's going
for so he went with the Dei choice and
the Dei Choice allegedly failed to
perform and now the Dei choice that
failed to perform is suing
them saying that they're
discriminating so the simulation has
allowed us to watch as Dei destroys the
Obama Library construction
project talk about everything going well
for
Trump the Democrat are in full
self-destruction mode in every way now
you can't say we didn't warn you right
our war remember the warning about Dei
is not about any individual it's not
about anybody's genes and it's not about
anybody's culture it's just if you
artificially constrain yourself to a
small population of the public for all
of your
services you're probably going to find
out that that doesn't work as a system
it's just not a good system approach so
so yes Dei as a system probably killed
the Obama
Library Elon Musk said he's going to
have a conversation with Jamie Diamond
we don't know what that's about but do
you remember that Jamie Diamond is the
only person who has the following two
qualities he's unambiguously very
smart and he's and he's propping up Dei
and says he's going to definitely not
back off on
Dei now how can both of those be true
how can Jamie Diamond be unambiguously
really really smart and he is that's
that's just the fact he's just really
really
smart but also supporting
Dei well I'm guessing that for social
reasons and maybe business reasons it
might be a good decision because
remember he's very smart
but times they are a
changing and if I had to guess the one
thing that musk might be trying to
accomplish since Jamie Diamond seems to
be
largely in favor of some of Trump's
policies such as the Border such as you
know maybe cutting costs Etc um but
wouldn't it be good to get all the smart
people on one side the people that we
all look at in the public and say okay
that's a smart one that's a smart one
that's not so smart but when Jamie
Diamond comes on everybody says okay
smart guy talking we better listen to
this that's what I say I say smart guy
talking and I just stop what I'm doing
because you don't often get to hear from
somebody that
smart so if musk can I don't want to say
persuade but maybe show show Jamie
Diamond a a context that would allow him
to change his own mind that could be
really good now I have no idea that that
that would be even a topic at their
meeting they may have completely other
business that they're trying to do it
might be economics something else um but
that's what I want
I want I want to make sure that the
smartest people are solidly against
Dei all right um here's more of the musk
effect remember that uh Delaware um is
where a lot of big companies incorporate
and then if Delaware doesn't like you
like they had a problem with uh with
Elon Musk and his companies they they
went after him they went after his pay
package so Elon moved to Texas as his
home country now Delaware doesn't have a
lot of things going for it but one of
the few things it does is that it's the
place people like to register their
corporation so that's presumably a lot
of businesses get sent their way and
Bill akman just said the hell with
Delaware and he's moving his Corporation
to Nevada I don't know how many more
people will do it but already the
governor of Delaware said um we need to
fix this
so the governor of Delaware is saying uh
um something's broken on our end we need
to fix this yes yes absolutely um this
is one of those cases where you want to
say why didn't you do it already you
know why' you wait so long but I always
warn you don't do
that if if he's on board
today good he's on board let's get
something done so maybe
maybe Delaware will Shape Up um there's
a God the the Overton window is working
so hard right now that you just can't
even focus on anything and I think the
Democrats are having trouble finding a
way to attack musk and Trump because
they're moving so fast they don't have
anything they can focus on for a few
days and really Drive some message
through they got to deal with a brand
new thing that's coming you know like a
like rocket fire and one of the new
things is Musk wants to end property tax
now I understand that because I pay a
lot of it um and if you pay property tax
you don't really own your home it's
basically the government stealing your
house because if you don't pay them as
if it's a lease to your house except
they call it property tax if you don't
pay them you don't get to live in your
house so you don't really own the house
if you're paying property tax and that's
a good
argument but what would happen to
California
my taxes in California are already over
133% state taxes
133% if they got rid of uh property tax
do you know how much income tax I would
have to
pay
probably I don't know I haven't done the
math but would it be like
25% state tax added to my uh added to my
federal tax you know would I be paying
something like 65 or 70% of every dollar
I earn to the government state or
federal um I don't know that there's any
practical way to get from here to no tax
on
property but there might be I mean I
would have said a lot of things were
impossible before they did them so um
even if it's not
possible John you're such a turd yeah
listen to this useless troll comment oh
now Scott's an expert on
construction is this your first time
ever watching a podcast first day on the
internet where everybody talks about the
topics that are in the news without
being
experts you know that's what everyone's
doing
right that's such a dumb comment that's
like extra
dumb I love it when my critics are extra
dumb
just makes me feel
good I I don't like having smart critics
that that bothers me because then I have
to examine what I'm doing it's like oh
damn it why did this smart person say I
did something wrong I better look into
this but when dumb people like that
comment oh Scott's an expert on
construction uh let's talk about um
let's talk about uh Delaware oh Scott's
an expert on Delaware suddenly suddenly
knows everything about Delaware
so
dumb all
right um apparently the there's a
lawsuit the x is running against the
some of the major brands that allegedly
um colluded with each other to put x on
a business by not advertising on the
platform and uh some new big companies
have been added to
that I kind of wonder where that's going
because there does seem to be a
legitimate claim that was some illegal
collusion to put X on of
business do you think that'll
work do you think it will bring back the
advertisers or or get them some big
award I don't know I I like that he's
being aggressive about
it yeah in other news some according to
interesting engineering there's some uh
us scientists who are trying to harvest
the mineral nickel from plants
so apparently there's some special kind
of plants and I guess you can tweak them
a little bit and the plants will create
nickel and you just harvest the plants
and then instead of mining for nickel
because mining is you know destructive
to the atmosphere and and the land Etc
you could just grow plants and get your
nickels now I'm wondering maybe I should
become a nickel
farmer I mean I wish I had a nickel for
every plant I've grown but I could maybe
you could have a nickel for every plant
you grow you'd have to sell the
Nickels you'd probably need some kind of
a fabrication plant to turn all the
plants into just minerals of nickel but
that's kind of cool there's also uh
According To Live Science there's new
fabric that can heat up almost 50
degrees just by having the light hit it
the sunlight so you can keep people warm
enough to stay alive in Ultra cold
weather so it's it's a Smart Fabric
um after just 10 minutes in the sun it
heats up like crazy so they figured out
how to make it how to make the fabric be
extra extra absorb of light that's cool
and it made me think if there are other
uses for
it but you'd have to be able to turn it
on and off see the problem is um if you
made your building with that material it
would keep it warmer but in the summer
it would keep it too warm and I was
thinking is there any way you could
weave this into rope
roads so that a little bit of sunlight
would melt would melt the um snow that's
on the
road I wonder if that work so it makes
me wonder what else you could do with it
um but you probably need to be able to
turn it on and off for most
purposes meanwhile a UK team according
to the guardian figured out a way to
avoid cracks in your road and potholes
they they've invented a self-healing
road they use tiny plant spores mixed
into the
bitamin and it increases your road life
for 30% isn't that fascinating yeah your
road is going to heal itself all right
so there's the the big picture doge is
just killing it
and um I hear the the fires in LA are
now controlled so the uh the big fires
in LA are now 100%
controlled
um maybe
what's this about
AOC
uh uh case in
point uh AOC is a stooge of us Aid so so
the claim
is the AOC was getting some kind of
benefit from usaid maybe Bernie was too
but basically all the people who are
complaining the
loudest there's a reason there's a
reason
all right now the thing I don't
understand about Doge is the numbers
don't add up in my head so if you got
rid of you know USA and all the other
things they're talking about getting rid
of I think the Department of Education
is coming
up um what's this so Mike Ben says case
in point AOC promoting us a all overx
today actually came from a USA program
in college to jumpstart her miracle
career
oh Ben you've got all the
receipts you got all the receipts so
remember I told you during the show that
the people who complained the most are
the ones who have some dark connection
to it and it turns out that most of you
know AOC was a um let's say an
artificially generated politician
meaning that there was a whole process
where she was called from lots of
applicants and then trained to be who
she is apparently the funding for that
came through USA just like the funding
for everything else you don't like do
you think there were any uh Republicans
do you think any Republicans were picked
through
USA how many Republicans do you think
are involved in us8 at all almost none
it's almost entirely a Democrat um
structure well that was perfect good
timing on that good work on the comments
uh yeah Bill Crystal Bill Crystal also
complained and turns out he's got some
connection he's ahead of some head of
something that's being funded by us Aid
I'm thinking why would why would he get
any funding or be involved in in any
way there's a California
Refinery I don't know about
that
um all right so I think we figured out
everything that's wrong with the
government we found the Beating Heart of
the deep State and doge is in the
process of driving a stake right through
it but as I was saying here's the part I
don't get about the numbers we're trying
to cut you know one or two trillion
dollars out of the budget um says one
would be
enough but because we could grow our way
out the rest if we stop spending I don't
know that we're going to stop spending
that seems ridiculous but okay um I
don't know how you can take a small part
of the
budget which is the discretionary stuff
where where us Aid would be if you got
rid of all of it it wouldn't be enough
would it so I don't understand how
working with the the part of the
national budget that isn't possibly
enough can get you 100% of what you need
so there's something wrong with what we
understand about
it I don't see the any path for Doge to
get to paying off a trillion
dollars I I have no
idea why they're
optimistic but they are and so I'm I'm
going to go with the optimism under the
assumption that they know something I
don't but and then I hear the number
something like they're saying saving a
billion dollars a
day well does that mean 365 billion
they've already found an annual
expenditures or is the billion what they
saved over 10
years see if you don't know that you
don't really know what's going on and I
don't know that
so I'm
skeptical that the big numbers can be
hit I'm not skeptical on whether they're
finding good things to get rid of that
the world is better without and I think
I think that's happening for sure so I
think the government will be more
efficient and more responsive when we're
done there will be some bumps of course
um National stem
[Music]
award um savings actually double fold
because the offset and interest
payments well ideally yeah you get
double because you offset an interest
payments but I still don't think that's
enough so I I guess I guess I'm
skeptical on the numbers but I love
everything they're doing so far so I'll
remain
optimistic all right what's happening
there's a Mexico deal oh my God there's
news breaking right now so this is Trump
announcing I haven't read this yet but
Trump is announcing I just spoke with
President Claudia shinb of Mexico
here it comes it was a very friendly
conversation wherein she agreed to
immediately Supply 10,000 Mexican
soldiers in the Border separating Mexico
and the United States these soldiers
will be specifically designated to stop
the flow of
Fentanyl and and illegal migration into
our country we further agreed to
immediately pause the anticipated
tariffs for a one month period during
which we will have negotiations headed
by uh Marco Rubio and Scott bessam of
Treasury and uh Howard lotnik Secretary
of Commerce and high level
representatives of Mexico I look forward
to the participation blah blah blah as
we attempt to see oh my
God that's pretty much everything he
wanted wasn't
it yeah I think that's everything you
wanted all right for those asking if I'm
still left to
Bernie the ask a better
question right so asking your little
gotcha questions I just am not
interested oh you once said this how
does that line up with the new thing you
just said I don't
care nobody cares that's a gotcha
question um so yeah looks like Trump's
making progress and every country that
he's dealing
with yeah and in Mexico didn't have to
turn off their own their own internet
connections to get
it maybe they should listen you know if
if the only thing that Canada did was
the same thing that Mexico and China did
Canada would be probably in good
shape um who is a who's their
Conservative candidate
Pierre how do you pronounce his last
name
p pull of a what what's the name of the
a conservative guy in
Canada he's not in power but he could be
someday all right you'll see it in the
comments po
p how do you pronounce it p po
p anyway I saw some video of him saying
that the things that Trump was demanding
this was even before Trump did the
Tariff stuff uh that even then he was
saying the things that Trump is asking
for would be good for Canada too we want
to we want a stronger border they want a
stronger border we want to stop the
fenel they want us to stop the fenel we
want to uh control our our immigration
they want us to control our immigration
so how could we not reach a
deal which is a pretty good
point pretty good point all right that's
all I got for you now I'm going to talk
to the uh good people on locals my
subscribers
privately for the rest of you thanks for
coming uh let's keep watching that stock
market I think it's just taking a shock
today but should
uh
oh let me look at that oh here's a end
wokeness giving a little summary before
I go so two weeks in this is what
happened Mexico caved Panama caved
Columbia cave Venezuela caved Canada
panicking Mass deportations hostages or
home Dei programs ended bureaucracy
slashed FBI purges underway us Aid
funding cancelled gender ideology
eliminated Doge already saved billions
51 Intel agents lost clearance border
crossings dropped by 93% reservoirs
filled up in California just to name a
few and that is how you end the podcast
all right everybody I'll see you
tomorrow same time and for the local
supporters only we'll go private in 30
seconds
e
e
e e