[Music]
yes my introduction song is a little bit
different every time that's what keeps
you coming you never know what you're
going to get
here hello Jimmy
Andrew and nacho Jake and
shirona it's very good to see you this
morning and I think it's time for a
little thing we call the simultaneous zp
it doesn't matter if you've got a glass
or a cup or a mug you could be that
you've got a flask possibly a thermos a
tanker disin whatever it is raise your
chalice fill it with your Li favorite
liquid I like coffee and join me now for
the unparalleled pleasure of the
simultaneous
sip that's a extra good today extra
good so I thought I'd take some
questions today because uh in a minute
anyway because there's no news have you
noticed that I I went to the news sites
CNN Fox News to look for some news find
out what's going on today there's no
news there's no
news how much better a president could
you be than to make the news go away let
me say that again because I liked it so
much when it came out of my
mouth given that we all understand that
if it bleeds it leads or basically that
bad news is what news is news is bad
news we don't really have news about oh
a school did pretty well and you know
their students got better grades and and
tax you know tax receipts are up and and
you know we get a little bit of news out
of that we'll you know we'll publish the
unemployment rates and the stock market
is up but if it's the weekend the
economy is not doing anything in the
weekend there's no
news how good a president do you have to
be to make the news go
away think about that this is something
no president's ever done before I don't
think correct me if I'm wrong name
another president who was so good he
made the news go away there's no
news it's amazing but so so let me give
you just a sample when I said there's no
news there are still things on the page
so if I go to uh CNN's top page let me
do that because it was funny let's see
what CNN thinks is so important that it
should be in the top left of their
page there's a Korean boy
band called BTS so the top headline is
that they performed on Saturday Night
Live and everybody went crazy but okay
that's you know that's an outlier right
it's the top item on
CNN but what are the what's the second
and third item because you're sure that
these are more about news right can't be
about a boy band here's the second one
cbts Mania take over Saturday Night Live
what it's two headlines in a row at the
same point all right but let's go down
to the third one here we haven't seen
boy ban fandoms like this since the
Beatles okay so it's the top three
headlines on CNN or about a Korean South
Korean boy band but now we're going to
get to the good stuff right here's
number
four inside the k-pops multi-billion
okay so the top four headlines on CNN
are about boy band but we're going to
get to the good stuff here number five
is uh the K-pop b band has had two
Billboard Music Award n okay the top
five headlines on CNN are about this boy
band but special case when you get to
the six one it's going to be all
about the K-pop lovers guide okay the
top six headlines on CNN I'm not making
this up I I swear I'm not making this up
I'm reading the actual headlines the top
six headlines are about a boy band from
South
Korea there has never been a better
president of the United
States that's all you have to look at
when the historians when historians
write the story of President Trump's
first term I hope that they just take a
screen grab of this page and just say
this is all you freaking need
know president Trump made the news go
away he made the news go
away nobody's ever done that are you
kidding me he made the news go
away
wow all right and then way down the page
over on the right there's a little area
about a little bit about
uh something else uh Camala Harris
released 15 years of her tax return
s do you remember all the people who
were saying we've got to see KLA
Harris's tax
returns
nobody did anybody ask kamla Harris for
her tax
returns does anybody care that Kell
Harris showed her showed us her tax
returns no she continues to be the most
boring candidate who's ever run for
president I don't think we've ever seen
a more boring person and by the way I'm
not saying that you know just as a as a
partisan she's really boring she doesn't
know how to be interesting and I don't
think I don't believe the CNN can let
her be president um I think that they
they're still hedging their bats right
so they still got the pach Buddha judge
situation
going and uh by the way if you don't
know how to pronounce Pete budha judge
you can ask your
assistant
Alexa how do you pronounce Pete budha
Judi sorry I don't know that Alexa how
do you pronounce Pete Buddha
judge so my a XA I won't say it because
I'll trigger all all of yours at home uh
actually knows the proper
pronunciation of Buddha
judge
now uh I don't have to tell
you and I'm not saying that this is
funny no I'm not going to say it I I
want to say something that people will
take out of context so I'm not going to
say it um let let me say
instead I I would love to have a gay
president you know eventually it doesn't
have to be beat mayor beat it doesn't
have to be anybody in particular it
doesn't have to be any particular year
but we should have one right gay lesbian
let's you know let's get some LGBT
action going there in the presidency now
I wouldn't want to elect somebody
because of that you know I wouldn't want
that to be the reason to be president
but you I think president needs to get
past it or the country needs to get past
it yeah let's just get past it um anyway
so there's there's no news so I'm going
to take some questions so I see some
people have signed up
to talk to me and let's take some
questions
April April you were being added to ask
me a
question April April are you
there good morning you don't sound like
April I
know do you have a question
um yeah I just want to know um I've been
Bing watching your two seasons of uh
Dilbert the series and um there are a
lot of correlations with what you're
talking about today and that came out
you know over 10 years ago
and I just um do you have any thoughts
on on those two
seasons well so um what's your first
name um April April so April is talking
about first two seasons of the Dilbert
animated TV show uh and you know the
tough thing about animation I I'll tell
you that the main thing you need to know
about that it takes so long from the
time you've written a script to the time
it actually shows on TV that most of
your season is already done because it's
a many months process so the first
season of Dilbert was largely done
before we the creators the people who
made it saw one so we had to do a season
before seeing how they look now that's a
slight exaggeration we could see some
toward the end of the season but you
couldn't adjust what you were
doing because you didn't get to see it
so you didn't know how it was Landing
how it was working by the second season
we were we were far better so if you
look at the second season stuff it's
just way better than the first which is
typical The Simpsons had a just
horrendous in terms of quality the first
season but because it was new and
shocking you know it caught on and they
got money and then they became really
really good but if you look at the first
season it's just embarrassingly bad they
don't even show it for reruns um so
Dilbert went through a similar thing
where the second season was really good
but by the time the second season rolled
around um the network we were on UPN had
made a strategic change and they decided
to become um a PR primarily a a channel
for black viewers so they tried to get a
lot of black specific content with black
actors and
stuff and we no longer made sense in the
lineup so the things that cause things
to succeed or fail are so often not
entirely under your control in this case
we did actually everything right and had
we been on another Network well I
suppose you could blame us for being on
that Network in the first place so that
that's on me so I'll take that as my
mistake um I did actually turn down an
offer at uh Fox so before I think it was
about the same time the Family Guy was
being considered and uh I turned it down
but they had only offered something like
six
episodes and I thought no I don't want
six episodes cuz like I said you
wouldn't even know if they were good
before they had air
and UPN offered something closer to a
full half season so we took the longer
offer and it one of the worst mistakes
ever made uh but it did allow me not to
be working in TV stuff because working
on TV stuff is awful it's just terrible
work very unfun but thanks for the
question well can I start to add a
crowdfunding campaign and get some
Seasons up and running on like Netflix
or Amazon
um well I mean I I would be I don't know
flattered I guess I'd be flattered if
you did that but it probably wouldn't
work yeah and I kind of don't want to do
that kind of work you know like you know
if there were a great demand I'm not
sure I would be happy about it because I
just just wouldn't want to do that work
again but thank you thanks for talking
to me all right I appreciate it all
right let's get somebody else on here
let's talk to
I'm just looking at all the names on
here and I'm going to take
Lucas Lucas Lucas is almost
connecting
um I'm glad you like the Dilbert TV
season by the way
Dilbert hello Lucas I can hear you do do
you have a question for me yeah I I do
have a question I was wondering um there
is as forms for persuasion there's a
technology called et3 it's kind of like
Elon musk's vers or Elon Musk is has
that underground tunnel system and I
think it's sort of based on
that that seems to never get like any
traction in the Press I was wondering is
that like uh like I don't know never
heard yeah it's pretty interesting it's
kind of like they take like internet IP
protocol and apply it to underground
tunnels for
transportation wait are you are you are
you talking about persuasion or are you
talking about technology what are you
talking about well I think it's pretty
good technology I was just wondering
like how would people apply like good
ideas for technology for persuasion to
get people interested in
it well that that question is a little
bit too generic to get my teeth into um
because whether it was technology or
anything else the tools of of persuasion
would be largely identical you know
you're going to do visual things you're
going to repeat you're going to keep it
simple um you know you're going to do
things that have an emotional content so
uh I I don't have much to say on that so
did you have another question um yeah I
I do have another question um I was
thinking for your like
nuclear uh like your nuclear ideas would
you be able to like get video game
developers to like add that into their
video games so it kind of gets
persuasion for
children interesting idea yeah if you
add things to video games you definitely
would get the Next Generation and uh
that probably would be persuasive just
because of repetition because it's
visual because you would be interacting
with it yeah that would that would
totally work it would be hard to
organize these video game companies to
do that but hypothetically if you could
yeah that would be very very power
powerful
similar to the fact that we make kids do
the pledge of allegiance The Pledge of
Allegiance is a brainwashing um
technique washing but we do it for you
know a reason which I would not uh
criticize all right thank you for the
question Lucas
hey let's take another question slow
news day let's go
to uh I wanted to mix it up by gender
but looks like oh we've got Angela see
what Angela has to
say Angela are you
there hi do you have a question for me
yeah I had a question I am a retired
dance teacher and I did a lot of high
school drill team I taught for 30 years
I have a lot of thought about cognitive
dissonance in talking with parents I
would love to hear your thoughts about
how you take those ideas and maybe help
Educators understand how to communicate
better with
parents uh was there some spec specific
thing because that again that's a little
too General how to how to communicate
with parents okay well so here's my
thing it's a communication thing in
general we have a lot of trouble when we
have objectives and the parents have
different objectives I feel this is you
know the same thing you know to two
movies on one screen I want you to uh
give some thoughts about how we learn to
communicate with people just a little
bit better um I know that's big draw big
drawn out topic but so I you ever
thought about taking ideas that
direction yeah let let me give you the
general answer which I think is actually
pretty specific in this case there you
can learn these skills of communication
simply by consuming the the books and
the YouTube videos that talk about it
and the more of those you do the more
you'll see okay these things over lap
these are the things that everybody
recommends Etc so I would read my book
wind bigley that would probably be the
most accessible way but there uh you
should also um do a Google search on
persuasion reading list so that's you'll
find my own list of books that are all
in that genre yes sir you are at the top
of my list on that for sure um also how
to fail and what's the correct title for
how to fail and win how to failed almost
everything and still win big yeah so
thank you so your answer is really just
the all that information exists and it's
in a very entertaining for these are
books that you would enjoy reading
they're they're written to be friendly
so the persuasion reading list is all
the stuff that if you like this topic
you're going to like all of those books
they're going to be really good so thank
you for the question thank you all right
bye let's see once we got
here let's go for I'm going to take a
chance I'm going to let somebody come in
who's got a cat as an icon picture
that's
always always risky caller can you hear
me I'm
good I do well join me for a
simultaneous sip if you would I can't
see you but I'm joining you right
[Music]
now very good very good thanks did you
have a question yes how do you uh my
brother is really brainwashed he uh
believes all conservatives are racist uh
um he's deleted me off Facebook I
currently live in Spain I'm a
Canadian and and I don't know what to
do um how old is your brother he's 28
29 find find his most uh strongly held
View and uh and demolish it so find out
what is the the thing that he most holds
on to as the reason that he thinks
conservatives are bad there's a good
chance it's the um the Charlottesville
hoax you you know about that right yes
of course I've been listening for a
while right so he probably believes that
he might believe that the president uh
did uh insulting hand gestures about a
guy with a bad arm but you could show
him the video that he does the same
thing with Ted Cruz and other people so
I would say you know look you know we we
we don't want to be enemies forever but
can I make you a deal just pick your one
thing you you most dislike about
conservatives not about the president
you know because you can find things
that even conservatives would would like
to uh criticize about the president but
about conservatives pick the one thing
what do you think you would say uh race
ISM that that that just um how he
phrased it was he he phrased it like
conservative values are inherently
racist so supporting conservatives even
though you're not a racist yourself is
inherent but that's that's why you have
to pick um so ask him to describe how
different it would look if you were just
talking to someone who was uh not
politically correct and was interested
in its country over other countries so
here's the question you ask him say if
you ran into somebody and you didn't
know anything about
them and one was a racist and one was
just somebody who liked their country
and was Politically Incorrect and didn't
really mind how they talked about stuff
how could you tell them AP part so so
try I would use a question method not a
statement method if you offer him facts
he'll just reject them but if you get
him to talk through his own feelings or
his own Thoughts with questions you can
you you can lead them off a
ledge so this is what I do just keep ask
qu asking questions sincerely don't be a
jerk about it just say well how would
you know the difference how could you
tell the difference between somebody who
was just didn't care how they talked and
somebody who in their mind was an actual
racist what would what would be
different they would look exactly the
same to me so those are the types of
questions to ask but that that get
that'll get you a start all right well I
I I hope I hope you have a good day
thanks you too cheers all right we'll
take another
question let's go with
uh John Kirk
Patrick John John John John John John
are you there
John can you hear me
John hey hi do you have a question for
me I do uh I'll preface by say you know
how people often look like they're dogs
like
uncanny
amount I wonder if it's would be would
it be a strong um persuasion tactic for
Trump to start to qualify AOC with
Chihuahua she looks unbelievably like
Chihuahua so and she acts like a
chihuahua she's yappy a little bit
politely
racist uh yeah racist would it be bad
racist yeah it would be bad it would be
bad because
chihuahua makes you think Mexican which
makes you think her ethnicity which
makes you think that the only reason you
picked a Chihuahua yeah is because of
her ethnicity now if you Pi gu some
other random dog because that other
random dog actually reminded you of her
that might be hilarious but because of
the the ethnic connection no that's that
would be bad bad idea okay just just
that she looks so much like a chihuahua
and it's not a negative thing I like
Chihuahua they're fine I like uncanny
uncanny how she looks like them anyway
that's just a thought so all right thank
you very much thank
you it's funny because I have this
theory that the moment you see a person
you know as the animal that they're
closest to the first time you have that
thought you can never see them the same
way again there was somebody knew who uh
I knew for a long time and reminded me
one day of a specific animal and that's
all I could see from that day on they
were just always that animal all right
let's see if we can get Mrs Swift on
here Mrs
Swift come in come in can you hear
me
hello hello do you have a question for
me uh yes I have a question my question
is what's the worst job you ever had and
what is the worst boss experience you
ever
had worst job I ever had well I've I
worked on a farm when I was a kid my
uncle had a farm that was walking
distance from where I lived so I used to
literally shovel
manure so I would go out with my manure
boots on and you know just literally
shovel crap uh and so that wasn't wasn't
too much fun but pretty much every job
on the farm was worse than every job
anywhere else so 100 100% of all my bad
jobs were on that same Farm we did
sapping where you had to carry these
these full buckets of sap through the
snow that was sometimes up to your waist
from you know tree to Forest to climb up
on a truck and and put it in the back
there I had a job cleaning the bulk tank
b k bulk where they stored the milk
every day they would empty the milk I
think it was every day and somebody had
to go in and do chemicals and scrub it
so I'd be in that thing I I also had a
job where I had to um stomp down the
insul so if you ever seen a silo where
they they shoot in the the grass that
they've cut it's you wet you smelly
grass and it fills The Silo well my job
was pasture what's that I said I live
next to a pasture so I know the smell
say it and my job was to walk back and
forth inside The Silo wearing a little
rain outfit this is when I was a
kid as the insul came over the top so
that as I tamped it down I would go up
to the top of the Silo and then they
would let me out the top and I would you
know climb down and climb down a ladder
but the dangerous part about this of the
fact you would you would never allow a
kid to do this job today is that is that
once it started there was nobody there's
no window so no was checking on me to
see if I'd fallen down because if I had
just tripped or passed out I would
actually by the time they checked again
I would be at the bottom of of an entire
Silo full of wet grass and very dead and
the whole time I'd be walking around in
there I'm probably 12 I guess uh walking
around in there in my rain so the whole
time I'm thinking don't don't fall
asleep don't pass out you're going to be
dead so I did a lot of jobs on the farm
that literally would have killed me uh
so I've had those are most of my my bad
jobs in terms of my worst worst boss um
because I'm famous and because most my
bosses you know they would hear about it
if I said I had a special worst boss I I
don't I can't really think of any one
boss who stood out that when I make the
bad qualities of the pointy haired boss
in the dilber comic he's usually a
composite of every bad thing I've heard
of or seen or experienced so he's not
really based on a person he's based on
all of them you know their their worst
qualities but thank you for the question
thank you all
right
and let's see who else we got
here
uh take Michael
caner Michael tell me when you can hear
me Michael
Michael hey hey Michael
good uh you have a question hey you
still watching Star Trek
Discovery yes so you're talking about
the CBs version the new one right all
right followup question do you have the
plan that lets you see the ads or do you
skip the ads on their
website um when I'm watching it I'm not
seeing any
ads watch you have the Premium plan so
here's my
experience every single ad is a far
tical that is like super crazy thing
that you can't ever buy it's got all
these high risks I'm just wondering like
why are they advertising this
stuff well the the pharmaceutical
companies um have tons of money and they
want to influence you to ask your doctor
to give it to you so the whole the whole
play is that you say to your doctor hey
I saw this on that commercial give me
some of that but it's funny I I think
the pharmaceutical commercials are
ruining television news and I don't
think the television news can do
anything about it because they pay the
most for the ads so they're definitely
going to take their money because they
pay a lot for ads and it's the easiest
to get advertising on your network
apparently but I can't watch regular TV
news uh you know as it's in real time
without without being close enough that
I to the source that I can you know
click it off every time a commercial
comes on because if you listen to
pharmaceutical ads
over and over again it will damage you
I'm not joking about this you will have
actual mental and physical damage to
your body if you even allow the
pharmaceutical ads to play continuously
in the background if you just turned on
the news and just left it there on all
day and and you subliminally were
picking up all of the uh all of the
commercials about all the bad things
that are happening they will mention 400
bad things that could happen to you in
every commercial it's like well it could
do this your head could fall off your
your feet could turn green and you know
and you over time this does absolutely
scientifically you know I don't know if
there's any study in this but you
wouldn't need a study it's just so
obviously true from what we know about
people um it's damaging so I don't know
how the news networks are not driving
away their own customers over time but
maybe they don't know it's happening CU
nobody
skeptical view that maybe they're giving
them ads to pay them not to run bad news
coverage about pharmaceuticals well um I
don't know that the pharmaceutical
companies think that explicitly such so
I don't think the advertisement people
are saying hey we're going to put our
ads here so they won't say bad things
about us but it is an it is an outcome
so a definite outcome of all the
pharmaceutical advertising is you should
not expect the TV news organizations to
say anything too bad about those
pharmaceutical companies even if it's a
different product than the one that's
advertised in the show so yeah I would
say that's that's a real risk to the
health of the public is that you you
could not reasonably expect the news to
treat the pharmaceutical
companies in any objective fashion that
would not be a reasonable expectation so
all right thank you for the question
tips to you
right
bye a lot of people have children in the
background
today but I guess it's weekends so that
makes sense let's talk to
jacob jacob jacob Jacob come on
in Jacob can you hear
me I know you're asking some guests I'll
say I'm a I'm a welder and industrial
mechanic by trade actually so uh there's
a lot of Engineers and mechanically
inclined people on here I noticed there
are but uh uh yeah I was wondering
recently about health care we keep
hearing about Universal Health Care or
Medicare for all but I looked into it
just briefly and really you only need
Medicare for 14% there's only about 14%
of Americans who don't have health
insurance and uh it it just seems like
why can't you mark it as we need
Medicare for these
14% And that seems like something that
even conservatives can get behind yeah
you know you I I I brought up this point
on a periscope before but it's it's
worth mentioning I think when I said it
I thought the uh the people without
health insurance was closer to 18% but I
would be surprised if that hasn't
dropped with the number you said just
because the economy is good so let's
let's say 14% of people don't have
Healthcare I'm trying to reconcile these
two things if you turn on Fox News and
you say what would it cost to have
universal healthcare you'll hear $32
trillion or a trillion dollar a year but
it's all trillions and trillions and I
say to myself suppose you said to me
Scott you already have health care but
we're going to tax you um you have to
pay 14% more on your
Healthcare I probably wouldn't notice it
now I'm rich so it's a different
situation than most of you but your
Healthcare is probably going to go up in
14% anyway I mean it go that's probably
a normal year it goes up
14% so it's hard for me to reconcile
that only 14% need this extra coverage
at the same time it's a you know
multi-trillion dollar situation because
it feels like we could just find the
Pocket Change somehow in the in the
economy so I I can't reconcile those two
numbers that only 14% need it but yet
it's so expensive it can't be afforded
so so it's a good question and I believe
that it's only my ignorance of the topic
that that makes us hard to uh understand
now uh I've suggested just float the
possibility that what if we said in in
addition to regular Medicare you let
some people buy in just to get cheaper
health care so it might be just a little
bit under the market but cheaper would
that cause the regular healthcare
industry to compete harder to bring down
costs it probably would because then
they would have a legitimate competitor
who is always under their cost so what
would it cost to offer that people could
buy it but they would buy it for cheap
and that would drive down the cost until
you could absorb Everybody's Health Care
with the existing economy so the the
general idea of making Health Care More
competitive by making the government
just one of the competing players maybe
something to look at I don't know if
that's a good idea or not but I put it
in the mix all right thank you for the
question take
care all right let's take another
one I'm
gonna take
forest forest I like your first name
forest forest are you
there I'm good do you have a question
for
me uh it's about Donald Trump and uh the
overall market economy um as recently
you've obviously heard of the the fed
and uh djt really kind of bashing him as
well as Larry cudow coming out saying
they should cut rates um I just curious
is are would you be in favor of um
political parties basically abolishing
the ability to buy stock with the
information that they have um that
they're exposed to
essentially you are are you saying that
people in the political process have too
much Insider information because they
are the government and therefore they
could trade on that information um yeah
yeah I mean essentially I don't think
they have a lot of information but just
just setting that as a standard for more
controls within the system itself my my
guess is there's some I'm watching the
comments go by I'm not a lawyer but I
would be surprised if that's not already
illegal so I'm going to have to plead
ignorance on this it should be illegal
if it's not and I would imagine that
many forms of that would be illegal so
for example if the president knew he was
going to do a certain policy and he told
his advisers could they tell their
brother to buy some stock that would
that would be influenced by that I'm I'm
seeing other people saying it's not
addressed and it's not illegal so
there's some disagreement in the in the
comments um it's it's a tough one
because I don't even if it were illegal
it'd be pretty hard to stop
uh somebody says it was illegal somebody
say it's super gray so there's probably
some yeah there's like there's a version
of like for example I believe
like Nancy pel's husband like bought
like 3,000 shares of Facebook one day
before for one of those hearings
something before for one of those
hearings something like stricter
regulations around just Pol political
politicians in general kind of
restricting the the market
activity is that whenever you have a
situation where uh it's possible to do
something illegal and if you did you
would make a lot of money and there are
a lot of people in that same situation
you know there are millions of people
who have that possibility that you
always have fraud so if if there's a lot
of money it's easy to do most people
won't get caught always you're always
gonna have fraud nice thank you for
taking my call all right
thanks all right looks like we're losing
sound for some of you but we're losing
audience anyway and I'm going to say
goodbye for now bye