good morning everybody how are you it's
great to see you it's now the second day
of the Golden Age a lot of people don't
know we're in it but it started two days
ago you saw the jobs report we'll talk
about all that in a minute but first
what's the best part of the day yeah
that's right the simultaneous it and all
you need is a cover of our glass of
tanker Challenger Stein a canteen jerker
flask a vessel of any kind to fill it
with your favorite liquid I like coffee
join me now for the unparalleled
pleasure the dopamine hit of the day the
thing that makes everything bled better
it cured the pandemic it's making
employment go up and tensions are going
down join me now the simultaneous epic
go yep I can feel those storefronts
being repaired and people hogging all
over the place well let's talk about
some of the things so you've you've come
to believe now that we're all living in
their own little bubbles our own
different realities and still every time
you see a stark example of living in
your own little bubble reality it's
always funny and worth calling out so
yesterday afternoon I was spending some
time trying to figure out a specific
plan to help inner-city black to school
roofs
yeah but the students not the nutless
room but the students so I'm literally
spending my own free time and offering
my own money reputation everything to
help inner-city black students
just tell you the truth and that I get
on Twitter and I open up Twitter it's
like you're a racist you're a racist
stop your racist BS you're a racist well
what a non racist look like now I bet
there wasn't one of my critics yesterday
who did anything useful for anybody much
less the black community so I have more
to tell you about what I'm cooking up it
won't be big it'll just be a little test
but it could be interesting here's
something that I don't think people
understand and it's one of the biggest
was one of the biggest realizations
you'll ever have
you ready here's one of the most useful
reframing z' of your reality you'll ever
have you control other people when
they're in the room with you yeah if
they're in the same place with you you
control how they feel and how they act
now until you know that you're a victim
your victim because you're your you have
no control over anything the world is
bad and people are bad and they're doing
things to you and you're just a victim
but the moment you learn that you're the
one in charge of how other people feel
and how they act that's the moment
you're afraid now the your specific
examples are if the police stop you you
can control that police officer if
there's somebody who's bad to your work
you can control that person if they're
in the room with you right you can't
control them when they're somewhere else
and the way you do that is understanding
that people are imitation machines we
imitate we pick up what other people are
feeling and doing and then we just
imitate it so if you walk into a room
and you're angry
ah I'm angry
ten some angry what is it immediately
due to all the other people in the roof
make some tents might even make him
angry let's say you're laughing and
you're in a great mood and you're just
coming to the room with your great mood
what to do to the other people it puts
them in a better mood what do you do
when a policeman walks up to you and you
act a little bit aggressive what do you
do to the policeman you make him
aggressive no he didn't walk up to you
aggressive you made him aggressive what
happens if you what happens if you walk
if a police officer stops you and you've
got your hands on the top of the wheel
showing that you respect the police
officers safety and your own because
that's what it means when you're showing
your hands so you're keeping people safe
and suppose you turn to that officer and
said good morning officer what could we
do today to keep us both safe what
happens if the first thing you say to a
policeman who walks up to you no matter
who you are or why you stopped you good
morning officer
what can we do to keep us both safe
today how is it gonna go does that
person ever get this beat out of
them no I mean maybe you could test it
to just see I don't even think you need
to test it if you want to not get the
 beat out of you by the police I
controlling them now if you think you
can't do that it's because you don't
have the tools and the tools are easy
the first part of the tool is to
understand that you can do it if you
don't understand that then nothing else
matters you'll just think you can't do
it practice it practice it in a small
way and watch it work
just pick a situation and go in and see
if you can change the mood in the room
which would of course change how people
act if you don't believe it just test it
in your own life it's easy going to have
any interactions with any person and
just say to yourself
I wonder if I could make this person's
mood and therefore their actions change
and that just changed yourself and watch
them follow it's really it's really easy
to do once you've done it enough times
you realize it's a real thing
and then and then realizing it is the
first step to getting out of a
victimhood
all right here's a here's something I
need people to understand and I tweeted
this if you protest against people who
are disagreeing with you your protestor
that's what it means right you're
protesting as people disagree with you
and you might have some really good
points
protesters most of the time have good
points I would say 80% of the time I
agree with the protesters no matter
where they are because I usually have
some good points but if you protest
against people who agree with you and
want to work with you then you're not
really a protestor because the whole
protest thing has to have something to
protest against which has to be people
because you don't protest against bad
luck
you don't protest against bad events
what would what would that do because
it's already happened so you don't you
know protest about something that
happened exactly the point of the
protest that might be the trigger of
course
the George Floyd death was the trigger
but what are you protesting against who
exactly is on the other side so it's a
silly protest in the sense that
everybody is willing to be productive as
you just have to ask you just have to
have a good idea something you might
want to test it turns out that one of
the things that a number of the
left-leaning cities want to test is
dismantling the arrow defunding the
police department I think I speak for
everybody who's not a left-leaning
Democrat when I say sure sure
give it a try take a run at it now I
mean that completely seriously unlike
probably a hundred percent of you
watching this unlike you I think you
probably could in some situation not
every situation but in some situations
I'll bet you could replace the police
department with some other mechanism not
every time most of the time it would be
a gigantic mistake but it does seem like
there are some creative ways you could
do that let me give you an example if
you had far more connected let's say
neighborhood watch more more security
more more citizens willing to get
directly involved you could imagine some
combination of things where the citizens
in some ways replace some things that
police were doing and that's not that's
not crazy it's actually not it sounds
crazy when you first you hear it oh
there's rioting and looting in crime
let's get rid of the police like it
sounds crazy when you first hear it and
it's got to be crazy
probably for most places in most
situations it's crazy because the
criminals of course would take advantage
but I think I think it's at least worth
exploring a situation where you replace
police with some other mechanism
somebody says community but you need you
need more than community you need
connections you need organization you
need some kind of technology I say give
it a try give it a try what I wouldn't
do is dismantle police in all the major
cities you know next week that wouldn't
be a good idea yeah somebody says
vigilantes there might actually be a
vigilante answer to it
who knows maybe vigilantes are part of
the solution in some
cases so I'm gonna be consistent and say
if there's anything that can be tested
small and this is a perfect example if
you would find just the right size let's
say a small city and just test it you
know you'd have to come up with a pretty
concrete plan I'm not talking about just
dismantling the police and seeing what
happens I'm talking about having a real
plan for something that would replace
some aspects of the police try now I'm
totally on board with that
I just wouldn't I wouldn't go big all at
once and I probably wouldn't do it in
Minneapolis first seems like a sort of a
big place all right if everybody is on
the same side what exactly are the
protesters protesting if you ever ask
yourself that if everybody agrees I
don't think there's anybody who
disagrees with the idea that we should
be talking about some specific solutions
to reduce the actual and perceived
because perception matters for these
things to reduce the actual and
perceived police abuse everybody's open
to that
I think if everybody's open the
conversation and there's still lots of
protesting it's kind of turned into a
protest against white people by white
people mostly am I wrong it feels like
the protest is a protest against white
people largely by other white people who
are protesting the awfulness of white
people I mean it looks like that if
we're not talking about specific things
that we can change with the police then
what are we there for it just sort of
turned into this gigantic white people
are bad and they should stop being bad
thing I don't know so that's what it
looks like it turned into I don't think
that was the point
I did another thing that would get me
canceled probably pretty soon and a
tweeted this the from a persuasion
perspective only so we're only talking
about the tools of persuasion here the
phrase black lives matter is one of the
biggest branding mistakes I've ever seen
probably in all of history I think black
lives matter as a rallying cry is maybe
the biggest mistake in persuasion that
I've ever seen you know the size of it
is immense if you don't see why you're
gonna see it in a moment when I tell you
and as soon as I tell you you're gonna
slap yourself in the head and you're
gonna say oh my god you're right you're
ready here it goes why is your goal just
a matter just a matter I think you need
to aim higher because you know what I
don't know anybody who wants black
people simply to matter like even people
who are not black would rather that they
frought that they thrive wouldn't you
like to see your black neighbors your
black friends your black co-workers not
just matter for godsakes matter that is
the lowest goal I've ever seen anybody
set and I think you already matter so
setting a goal this low and honestly
it's already been exceeded there's
nobody who really thinks that black
people don't matter that's that's not a
real thing I mean I've never seen
anybody you thought we had that point of
view have you ever seen anybody have
that point of view I literally never met
anybody who thought black people don't
matter I was that even the thing
so persuasion wise and again nobody's
going to nobody should take this as
advice I'm not black can't get inside
your heads
don't don't want to imagine I could
appreciate your situation I think that's
it's disrespectful frankly to think that
you can know
anybody else's thinking it works both
ways but just from a persuasion
perspective so it's not even political
it's not even it's not racial it's not
anything it's just persuasion just as a
tool you couldn't have picked a worst
solution
it's just the worst one I've ever seen
it just shoots so low alright so I tell
you that as sort of a persuasion lesson
they won't change anything for you know
what's happening today the virtual news
blackout continues on it's a total
blackout on real coverage of the bad
events because we know there are some
scuffles and some problems with the
protests but they're completely not
being covered by the mainstream news I
don't know that that's a bad thing so
I'm not going to criticize that because
it looks like people have realized that
the news coverage is an accelerant and
we don't need an accelerant on something
that's already burning so fast it might
be too hard to control so it appears
that the news business has made some
kind of a I don't know if it's
independent independently they all
decided I don't know if they talked
about it
I don't know if the government asked
them because that would be my guess if I
had to guess what's going on I don't
have to but I will I'm gonna guess then
maybe the government said a news
business please cover the news but just
be aware that what you focus on is what
is driving emotions so it's one thing to
say you know here are stats three people
got injured last night etc statistics
don't really Drive emotions but there's
still the news and we still need to know
so give us the information but the
things you show the visuals of the
things you run and Clips the things you
your opinion people talk about
incessantly that becomes the active part
of the news that's what drives people to
protest to feel bad
to be racist or not racist and those are
the things that are driving people and
it's obvious that they've stopped doing
it and they stop doing it at the same
time both the left and the right and
here's the interesting thing about that
it's a complete recognition that the
news can cause insurrection think about
it the news would not have suddenly
stopped covering the news meaning the
the worst parts of the protests the the
violent parts they wouldn't have done
that unless they knew that the nature of
the news changes how people act so it's
it's sort of a stark admission that they
know they're brainwashing the masses and
they wanted to pull back on the
brainwashing because they've gone too
far that's exactly what happened the
news business realized that the
brainwashing had gone too far
and they pulled back think about that
it's you live in a brainwash society in
which you're pretty much all of the
opinions of the public are assigned to
them by the media they watch if you
don't believe that opinions are assigned
to people have a conversation with a
person see if you could find a person
who has an opinion that they didn't get
from some media source good luck all of
our opinions coincidentally just match
some media source that happens to be a
preferred media source if you think
that's a coincidence then you probably
think it's also a coincidence that
people have the same religion as their
parents mostly is it because people grew
up and look at their parents choice of
religion and said to themselves you know
I've looked at all the options and my
parents nailed it I'm just I'm gonna do
what they did I'm so glad that my
parents got the right religion and yet
all over the world people have been
saying the same things and coming to
different conclusions well it's not
because you've thought about it that's
not how it works although some
some people it's true but for 80% of the
world they didn't really do research
they just accepted what was handed to
youtuber Jake Paul if you don't know him
very famous youtuber has been charged
with criminal trespass and unlawful
assembly so he was one of the protesters
and followed the looters into a mall in
Scottsdale Arizona and you know I guess
he was taking video from inside the mall
so he's being charged what do you think
of that do you think a youtuber who was
not looting himself but did follow
looters in and he was certainly
someplace that the property owner would
not have wanted him to be
should he be charged for that I say yes
I say yes I don't know if you've heard
but there's a movement for the the women
who are supporting black lives matter
not necessarily black women but you know
the the protesters in general to shave
their heads so there's movement for the
women to shave their heads to show their
solidarity with the black lives matter
of course this is a prank I think it
started on 4chan or something so it's
just a total prank made by people of the
right but stick sacks of hammer 666 yep
sure mostly you follow him on YouTube as
well or wherever it is bish ute I'm not
sure where he's broadcasting from these
days but maybe both he tweets I strongly
support the entirely organic go bald for
black lives matter movement and and he
left us now following suit should be
shamed so it's pretty funny
the the political pranks tourism I
always appreciate all right here's
something
as you might imagine because the
protests and the George Floyd tragic
death that the topic of this lynching
legislation anti lynching legislation
has come up so I guess Cory Booker and
comel Harris are pushing that Rand Paul
Rand Paul actually had the stones so
Rand Paul actually had the stones to
publicly oppose a lynching bill during
the race right I don't know Iran maybe
maybe you should have read the room a
little bit better
I've told you I have told you the thing
I like best about Rand Paul is that Rand
Paul does not care what you think he
really doesn't care what you think he's
just gonna do what he thinks is
consistent with his you know his
philosophy but watching him be be the
only person opposing an anti-lynching
bill during a race riot that takes a lot
of guts because you have nobody in the
world is going to take him nobody's
gonna take his argument seriously and I
don't even know what his argument is
because it doesn't matter he's nobody's
gonna listen to it anyway but I think
his argument has something to do with
the fact that the law already has plenty
of you know plenty of penalties if you
lynched somebody you're gonna be
punished pretty hard you know so maybe
you don't need like extra a little extra
on that so that's his point I'm not
agreeing or disagree with it I'm just
saying it's hilarious that you would
that he would have the guts to make that
point unprincipled during a during these
times but here's the bigger story so
commonly Harris got her moment you know
she had a moment because she spoke
apparently passionately against Rand
Paul's
point of view but here's the interesting
part so a long time ago I don't know how
many months ago this was I made the
following weird prediction I said that
calmly Harris is one of the worst public
speakers I've ever seen I mean she's the
worst campaigner just talking impromptu
in public isn't just terrible and I
predicted that when she dropped out of
the race that she would not only come
back as a vice presidential pick by
Biden but there would be another element
to it and that she would be coached to
being really good and it would happen
kind of suddenly sort of suddenly like
if you watch American Idol you watch
these people who don't have any
professionalism per se but they have
some talent as singing and then the
coaches and the professionals who work
with the show start working with the
ones who are going to make it to the top
ten and the top ten start getting
better-looking and they just improve
like really quickly because they had raw
talent but then they got coached by
really good professionals and you just
see this dramatic change they become
just better-looking more charisma just
everything's better and it happens kind
of suddenly and I predicted that that
would happen to come Harris that she
would get world-class
coaching and that there would be this
fairly quick improvement and I think you
could see it in her response yesterday
so I watched it with the sound off which
is a really good thing to do with the
sound off it looks like she cured all of
her jumpiness problems because I for
those of you who are watching she used
to do this jumpy shoulder thing she'd be
talking and she'd be like you know she'd
be her body language was all nervous and
unconfident and it was just basically a
mess and that I watched her with the
sound off yesterday and it was really
good it was really good she went from ad
- in terms of just the let's say the
visual part of her speaking everything
from her style to the clothes she wears
to her body language and all of it just
went to a-plus
it went to a plus really quickly so yeah
now we haven't seen if she stopped the
snickering says somebody said in the
comments because she does the thing
where she laughs nervously now it could
be that it was the topic that kept her
serious so she didn't have a nervous
laugh cuz she was it looked like she was
really in the moment you know and she
probably knew she was she was having a
big big moment in her career
so she maybe didn't have the opportunity
to giggle at her own jokes it just
wasn't a time when anybody would do that
so we don't know if she's cured that but
I'll bet she has for the same reason it
looks like a professional is involved
all right yes we're going to talk about
employment let's talk about that now so
the employment level unexpectedly was
pretty good pretty good compared to what
people thought it would be so it turns
out that we added jobs what we added
jobs things actually looked up last week
I told you it was the Golden Age the
violence from the protests practically
gone disagreement about racism not much
everybody is on the same team if we
could just stop marching and have some
ideas to play with and the economy the
economy is looking strong stock markets
up so we have this weird situation where
it looks like the end of the world and
things have never been better things
have never been better it looks like the
end of the world now what I say that
things have never been better obviously
the economy was better a few months ago
and stuff like that but the situation
were in has never been better because
just breaking everything breaking all of
our old assumption
breaking a lot of our economic models
it's gonna unleash a lot of good stuff
because we had to shake the box before
we could really make some big changes it
looks like that's happening so joe biden
said that 10 to 15 percent of americans
are quote not very good people so I
think BuzzFeed put that at approximately
50 million people so there are 50
million people who Joe Biden thinks not
very good even the New York Times turned
out and for that because you can't
really be the president of the whole
country and say that 50 million of them
sort of suck especially if I'm in that
category all right so here's what I
tweeted I said Joe Biden wants to be the
president of all Americans not just the
50 million people like me who says Biden
are not very good people on the plus
side Biden will train police to only
shoot me in the leg and that feels like
a step in the right direction if I could
walk so I don't know if this will make
any difference it feels like the kind of
thing that moves elections you know I
was asked earlier this morning what I
thought of Trump's new campaign
commercials if you haven't seen that
there's new Trump campaign commercial
which is very respectful to George Floyd
says every right word about bringing us
together and uniting and all that so
it's a Trump commercial that hits every
right note for that you know the
political mood the mood of the country
etc won't move the dial a bit because
there's no no Democrats gonna watch that
commercial you would watch the first
five seconds and you say about because
it's Trump so I don't know if political
ads make any difference except to the
base and I don't think it changes the
bases mind because there's nothing new
from the base
it's sort of where everybody already was
so I don't know I don't think political
commercials in this climate make any
difference but Joe Biden saying that 50
million people are not very good that
could change an election that could move
the needle I did I do think the
Hillary's deplorable comments at the
very least increased increased people
showing up on the conservative side all
right New York City witnessed 0
confirmed deaths from coronavirus on
Wednesday zero deaths from coronavirus
on Wednesday what what I've got
questions that was that possible really
how is that possible so there's
something going on that we don't quite
understand and I say we I don't think
anybody understands how would in the
world is coronavirus just sort of
stopping did something happen jumps on
TV now how is he let's see what's he
saying I'm guessing he's saying
something about the protests or where
he's doing something on prime time
alright well we'll catch up with that
later all right um so so we don't know
what's going on with these Cova deaths
but two days ago I told you it was the
beginning of the Golden Age coronavirus
disappearing we don't know why economy
coming back all the protesters and the
country on the same side we're all on
the same side just have to realize it
and get something going alright we saw
the video of the old man who got pushed
down by the police yeah
 do you care about the old man who
got pushed down by the police because he
was resisting the police I don't care a
bit I don't care even a little bit about
the old man who got pushed down by the
police because he was resisting police
now it's terrible that he got hurt like
I have you know empathy for anybody who
got hurt but I can't care about anybody
who opposes the police when they know
they're gonna get their ass kicked if
the police kick your ass because you're
getting in their face I just don't care
about you I don't care about you at all
don't ask me to but obviously I care
about anybody was just abused by the
police who did nothing to bring it on of
course I care about that now there I
guess a lot of Democrats are talking
about Trump it might reject the election
as Jake Novak points out that when
Democrats are saying that Trump might
not accept the results of the election I
think they're broadcasting that they're
not going to accept that's what Jake
says and I agree with it they're
broadcasting that they don't plan to
accept the result of the election so I
do think that there is real talk going
on I don't think it's going to turn into
a real action I hope not but there is
real talk about an actual physical
insurrection by the Democrats I think
that's I think it's going from just talk
to actual planning but I don't expect it
to be executed yes because if it were
executed well I don't even have to
finish the sentence it wouldn't work out
well can we can we just leave it at this
on behalf of the people who love the
Second Amendment if if the country were
overthrown with an insurrection it's not
going to go well for the people who
wanted it to go well it just isn't
I'm being widely mocked by people who
can't understand things by that I mean
artists and writers so I was amusing a
lot of my followers on Twitter by
tweeting all of the people who are
criticizing me that day and by the way
it was all of them everyone who
criticized me yesterday I tweeted them
with the same comment I looked at their
profile and there were writers or
artists every one of them and that the
that's my running joke that writers and
artists can't follow critical thinking
and so when they encountered me they
don't understand what I'm saying they
misinterpret it and then they get mad at
their misinterpretation
so it's very consistent I don't have I
don't have economists I don't have
engineers who are coming after me with
just insults now there are plenty of
economists and engineers and lawyers who
disagree with a fact or something I said
or even the logic I'm using and they
usually just say those things
oh this fact is wrong here's a link you
did the math wrong that sort of thing
that's fine but the ones who come after
me personally all artists writers and
artists and usually almost always
they're not quite that successful which
i think is part of the part of the
problem so today what they're doing is I
wrote a long thread the other day about
how the Joker movie is actually strong
persuasion and you could have Matt it
you could easily see that the Joker
movie caused a pattern in people's minds
that increase the likelihood they would
act like the Joker now that got turned
by writers and artists into Scott thinks
the only thing that caused the protests
is the Joker movie and therefore I'm a
racist now that's pretty far from what I
was saying
pretty far from what I was saying we
don't live in a one variable world I
don't believe that people were
peace-loving and had no no inclinations
or no
no already primed emotions I'm just
saying that the Joker movie is an
underappreciated variable in a world of
lots of variables it's not like the
Joker movie was more important than
watching the video of George Floyd being
killed by a cop I didn't say that you
know so so for the writers an artist
they have to turn what I say that makes
sense into something weird and
ridiculous
and then there's there's this awful
publication called the Mary Sue that I
think we're where writers go to die
that's got a whole article a hit piece
I'd be today if you haven't experienced
what it's like to have hit pieces
written on you on a regular basis you
really should just somebody said today
Elon Musk cut his own hair that would be
hilarious if he did all right so when
Minneapolis said that they were going to
with the exact phrases dismantle the
Minneapolis Police Department and
replace it with a transformative new
model of Public Safety I don't think you
should take that as literally getting
rid of police because it's a little more
nuanced than that it it's when they talk
about replacing it with a transformative
new model of Public Safety it doesn't
mean that doesn't involve police it
could mean just a new system in which
the police you know operate differently
or something like that yeah and then the
artists as somebody's reminding me in
the comments the artists will attack me
for just being a cartoonist but they
never checked my other body of work at
this point cartooning is a smallest part
of what I do somebody says I want more
hip pieces they are kind of fun I have
to admit Scott says artists aren't
logical they they certainly are not as a
rule now that doesn't mean there can't
be artists who also have built their
talent stack as I have
I mean I'm an economist and a business
person and had trained hypnotist and
some other things so there could be
artists who also do those things and
they would be perfectly capable of
critical thinking
but not a single non artist came at me
yesterday coincidence you decide could
the rioters be made to clean up their
damage for a live publication you need
to shame them so that we see them
cleaning stuff up you know I'm not a big
fan of shaming people when you punish
them
yeah the Dow is up seven hundred points
let's see how much the black lives made
matter has made for me Oh looks good
holy cow yeah add the stock work is
really up Wow what would you do if you
were marching to dismantle you know
privilege and white privilege and the
elites and the more you marched the more
the stock market went up I mean wow how
would you feel about that how would you
feel that you're trying to dismantle the
system of the elites and you're making
them richer as you as you protest
because that's what's happening God is
an artist yeah so for those who don't
follow the point let me just say it one
more time because there are some artists
on here so I know the rest of you
already understand this so the next
thing I'm going to explain is because
there are also some artists watching the
live stream and they're all confused now
I know most of you get it it goes like
this being an artist by itself doesn't
make you bad at critical thinking being
an artist only might make you bad at
critical thinking because you haven't
learned it if you're an artist and also
a lawyer you might be good at it if
you're an artist
and also an engineer your work in tech
your software developer you're used to
solving problems and using critical
thinking you probably have those skills
but if you're only an artist you don't
and here's the tough part you also don't
know that you don't have the skill
because we all think we're logical but
until you've seen what it really means
to learn how to think critically like
reading my book loser think would get
you there until you've actually seen
that to do it properly the first time
you really don't know how bad you are
because it's not common sense critical
thinking is not common sense they're
they're worlds apart and people who
think they have common sense incorrectly
think well then I also have critical
thinking and they don't they're just
different all right
somebody says I'm a friend and web
developer are you an engineer or an
artist you're both that's a good talent
stack
what's the slaughter beter well you know
the slaughter beter was a funny concept
it was the idea of if you were to say
nothing changed after today who would
win the election but of course it's a
ridiculous idea because by the way how
many times when I when I gave you this
lauter meter if you ring under this how
many times did I say this is what it
would be if nothing changes but
something always changes because you
knew there were big things coming you
just didn't know what they were I didn't
know what it was I just knew big things
are coming
I also know more big things are coming
some of the big things I know about some
of them I don't know about so what I
tell you big things are coming here's
here's how you should interpret that I
do know something I do know about some
of them there's some really fun
coming so just just understand that the
slaughter meter today is sort of
worthless and it's just for fun
because there's so much that's gonna
change between now and Election Day and
some of its gonna be really big and it's
going to be fun
so the slaughter meter is I had about
300% today why
well the Conservatives won every
argument this week they won every
argument all of them every one the only
thing that could be better for the
president is if Ruth Bader Ginsberg died
this week and well actually that
wouldn't work because the I think the
Democrats would stall so they stall past
the election so at this point know
between now and Election Day I don't
think there's any chance of any Supreme
Court seats being filled but my point uh
so let me drop that point let me let me
just make the larger point that gun
control is dead obviously all right so
conservatives have completely won on the
issue of guns being necessary because
the biggest the biggest complaint about
guns is that you know the government has
guns that's all you need you know
citizens don't need guns because you've
got your police
you've got the army you've got you've
got the government protecting you but
now that we know the government won't
protect us and and they will
aggressively not protect us under
certain situations it's obviously you
need a gun now it's kind of obvious and
now certainly
nothing's obvious to everybody at the
same time but in terms of the direction
of that argument that direction just
went so far right meaning that the right
is winning the argument that it's just
off the table
what about reparations this was
reparations we don't have to talk about
reparations it just happened because the
trillions of dollars we lost in these
protests are far more than reparations
would have been and it's on the same
topic if black lives matters wanted to
spend their reparations this way too
sort of put it all in one basket and say
you know let's let's make it a night of
let's make a few weeks of protesting and
whatever comes out of that they had the
option that's the way they went
so reparations is off the table you've
got the president of United States
agreeing immediately and aggressively
with the black community about the the
police action against George Floyd that
looks pretty good
you've got the corona virus that appears
to be solved and I didn't see any other
countries do a better job to do not
really I mean people are gonna say oh
look at look at I don't know Sweden or
look at some other country look at South
Korea but I don't think we really
compare ourselves to them nor should we
so I think we're going to see that we're
passed coronavirus you can see the
economy is zooming even maybe better
than the president promised you it's
just all good it's just all good but
from today's perspective it just looks
scary and bad because of the way the
news frames things but I don't think I
don't think we're close to a or even
heading toward any kind of a permanent
change of government or some kind of an
insurrection that matters if you were to
add up all of the protesters would it be
a million yourself let me put that as a
question if you added together all the
protests in all the places yesterday in
America would it be over a million might
be but my point is there are what three
hundred and seventy million people in
the country a million people marching is
a lot and could change laws could change
the way we think about things could be
productive we'll see but it doesn't
overthrow the government we're not we're
not anywhere in that realm
somebody else's with a blast name of
Floyd died after pepper spray that would
be weird I don't know if that's up
somebody says that that was up 750
points we'll bill bar we do release the
Anti Fog communications I don't know I
think it depends on what else is in
there or if it gives away any of our
secrets the camera lies on the scale of
the protest that is correct yeah if
there's one thing you should understand
is the video lies and video lies every
time remember they used to say you used
to be a thing that a picture doesn't lie
and then came fro to SHOP NOW pictures
do lie in fact Instagram is nothing but
pictures lying
it's like there's a multi-billion dollar
social media service that's nothing but
pictures lying
it's called Instagram and you could
argue that Facebook is nothing about
pictures lying because we only show our
happy times which is a big ol lie about
who we are oh yeah here's my happy time
look at my vacation total lies because
they leave out you know the rest of your
life but video is even a bigger liar you
know the camera phone video is the
biggest liar of all let me give you one
example you can't really tell how hard
the police officer was placing his knee
on the neck of George Floyd you've got
the you've got the the corner report
that says his face was scarred but you
don't know if that happened because of
the knee or it happened when they got
him down etc right so my point is that
the video is mostly a lie but we don't
treat it that way and it's not I don't
mean that video in particular I mean
pretty much all of them let me put a
number on I would say this a if you see
something with your own eyes
you're there and you can see the whole
context and you know who's behind the
car and everything else you could be
right most of the time maybe 80% of the
time your impression of what happened
would be correct but I'm gonna give you
this number I would say that video of a
real event will be misleading in an
important way
80% of the time so the number you should
have in your head is if you see a new
video of some horrible thing that
happened in your mind you should be
saying to yourself there's an 80% chance
that this is misleading it's about right
I mean you know just observation 'le
about 80% of videos are misleading did
you see the one where it looked like the
the cop was pointing one of those rubber
bullet things directly at a protester
who had a child on on his back so it
looked like use either pointing it at
the guy or the or even the kid and you
look at the photo and you say well if
photos don't lie this cop was pointing
this rubber bullet gun right in the face
of this guy he was standing right in
front of him except that they weren't
even next to each other
you could kind of tell if you look at it
that they were beside each other and
that where the cop was aiming was to the
side of the guy at some other target
it's just the angle of the egg d'leh the
picture made it look like he was
pointing it directly in somebody's face
but if you just look at it a little bit
more you can see oh the the people are a
little bit closer he's just pointing to
the other side of them as something else
so your artists enemies are gonna
misrepresent what I said they always do
all right that's all I got for now let's
go see what else is new today is gonna
be fun there's gonna be a lot of fun
things are moving in the right direction
just doesn't look like it yet we'll talk
to you soon