hey everybody come on in it's time yeah
it's time for coffee with Scott Adams
best part of the day best part of the
week sometimes the best part of the year
and today will be an extra special one
because I'm going to solve for racism
yeah I know what could be so long you'll
be mad at me for not doing a sooner
once you see it but before we solve
racism can they wait another minute we
can we can wait on that right all right
so we'll wait on solving racism for a
few minutes first we're gonna have to do
something called the simultaneous it but
what do you need for that not much a cup
or a mug door glass attacker challengers
Divac empty injector flask a vessel of
any tiny
fill it with your favorite liquid I
liked coffee and join me now for the
unparalleled pleasure that don't mean
the end of the day the thing that makes
everything better
including pandemics including racism
including the economy it's all getting
better now folks take a sip it's the
simultaneous if go mmm
more improvement well I haven't checked
the stock market today I can't believe
it would be up again but let's see
should be if I had to guess it will pull
back in a little bit today yep so far a
little bit I don't know what's up with
Apple when Apple's just going nuts and
Amazon all right let's talk about all
the things Mark Cuban was at some kind
of a some kind of an event where they're
talking about racism and he tweeted we
need to stop being defensive about white
privilege we need to be to stop being
defensive about white privilege I would
say that that is true true statement it
is however only 50% of what we need to
be honest about what
so I would call this a call to be half
as honest as you need to be to make any
difference at all so I completely agree
we should nobody should be defensive
about any of this right so white
privilege is either a thing where it's
not a thing it applies here it doesn't
apply here does or it doesn't but you
don't need to be defensive about it you
should just be able to discuss it along
with everything else but since you can't
discuss everything else there's really
no point there's no point at all as long
as you don't have freedom of speech and
I don't some of you might but I don't
personally have freedom of speech except
in a legal technical way in a practical
sense as a person who lives in the
country and wants to survive and thrive
I don't have freedom of speech question
what is the right amount of time to wait
for an example of systemic racism before
discarding it as an illusion now here's
the here's the reason I asked us when I
first started hearing the idea that
there was systemic and institutional
racism I thought to myself what's that
what's that mean and then I heard a
definition of it it has to do with that
you know the entire structure of how
things are put together could favor or
not favor one group or another and I
thought all right that makes sense I
could totally see how systems would be
formed and would not favor one group
over another that makes complete sense
and then I kept waiting for some some
examples and I thought to myself I don't
want to be rude I don't want to you know
I don't want to question whether this is
real or imagined because that would be
kind of kind of obnoxious
isn't it if somebody says I have this
gigantic problem it's like you know one
of the biggest problems in my life and
in the country
and it's called this you don't say no it
isn't you kind of wait right I mean good
good social behavior good manners says
that you wait you listen and you say
alright alright you know let me let me
know what you're thinking and I waited
and I thought well pretty soon we're
gonna be talking about some examples
because because until you get into the
actual examples of like alright here's
one here's some institutional or
systemic systemic racism here's an
example and once you see a few examples
you could maybe spy your own you know
once I've seen what you're talking about
okay now I get the concept and then I
could pick out some examples without any
help because I the the theme and I
waited and I waited and I waited I'm
still waiting it has been now years
since I first heard this term systemic
racism and I've never heard an example
now I don't again I don't want to be
rude just you know normal good social
behavior says that you don't say it
doesn't exist but isn't it fair to ask
for an example at this point you know
now that you know the country is on fire
figuratively speaking on fire a little
bit now figuratively recently but
shouldn't this be the time when we start
seeing some examples I've seen exactly
one example and it applied to poor
people equally the only example I've
ever seen that remembered what it was
because it it applied to poor people
equally so it wasn't a good example so
let me let me say this so the reason I
put it in this form of a question how
long should you wait for an example
before you discard it as an illusion I
would say a week a week more what do you
think is fair given that we're all
having this conversation
given that you know hundreds of
thousands of people will see this
periscope eventually given all of that
attention how long should I wait before
I get an example and I'm not telling you
I'm arguing with the examples I'm just
saying that I need to see one because I
think I could help right but you know
what are the I've said this before the
greatest untapped resource in the United
States is the helpfulness of white
people we like to help if I can make
that gross generalization about people
who coincidentally look like me in one
particular way if there's somehow if
there's some way I can help make this
institutional racism go away of all in I
like fixing stuff and and if there's so
many inequality why wouldn't I want to
fix it well what would be my incentive
not to fix an inequality I don't have
any so examples please but if it but if
at the end of the week let's say a week
from today
what's a Wednesday let's say a week from
today
if I've not heard any examples given the
amount of attention I'll get just by
asking for them if I haven't heard any
examples would it be wrong for me to
conclude it doesn't exist then it's more
of an illusion is that fair because I
think that's fair to wait a full week
for just an example of something that's
pervasive and everywhere so I'll give it
a week and then I would have to conclude
that it's more of a more of a
hallucination than a real thing but with
all the people who say it's real I
assume it's real and I assume I'll get
some examples but it's weird that I
haven't seen it yet all right were there
any protests yesterday I saw a zero
coverage of protests yesterday didn't
anybody confirm were there because I
guess it was the funeral yesterday
so maybe the funeral was a stand-in for
what would have been protests
because I think I think the protest
might be starting to fizzle out now one
of the predictions that I made is that
you're not seeing you're not seeing a
genuine phenomenon you're seeing a
phenomenon which is a coincidence of a
perfect storm of something happening
that is rare and the perfect storm is
that people were locked up for months
and that warm weather came
if you lock people up for months and
they don't have you know their energy is
kind of building up and not not being
released it needs to be released now the
trigger of course was the video and
everybody had the same feeling about the
video we were all appalled by it we all
think everybody thinks it looks like you
crime but that was the trigger now when
I said this before of course because I
don't have freedom of speech somebody
committed a hate crime against me by
saying that must be a racist because I'm
white basically and and I say good
things about Trump now and that so
anyway
police were everywhere last night in San
Diego anyway my point is I think it may
be that although the trigger was the
video and then somebody said you racist
don't you realize that you know there
were huge underlying problems and of
course I do I'm just saying that those
huge underlying problems would not have
turned into this specific form of
expression then they ended up attracting
looters and everything else that that
wouldn't have happened without the
trigger if you took that trigger away we
just would have the limit into the
summer with all the same problems we
always had but without the riots now you
can you could argue that the protests of
the looting etc were productive but I
don't think you could argue that they
would have happened on their own not
with that with some trigger so you had a
trigger but I think that if you take the
energy out of the situation which is
what happens whenever
it just gets tired if you've if you've
gone out let's say you protested three
or four nights how many more nights do
you want to do it alright your energy to
protest the first night sky high
second night still high third nights
pretty good fourth night do you do you
protest a fourth night you know an
individual you start to run that energy
so I think the natural the natural
direction of this is to reduce an energy
it has however I would I would say that
the protesters have accomplished at
least one thing that never happened
before one thing that they've
accomplished for sure is a lot more
people are talking about specific
solutions so we'd never saw before I
don't think maybe I could be wrong but
we've never seen before Congress putting
together an actual set of you know laws
and legislation to try to deal with you
know police brutality well let's say
just police conduct
police misconduct so something happened
you know you can't argue that it didn't
create some kind of activity now none of
those laws have been passed
who knows if anything if it will turn
into anything but I would I would say
that it did turn into something it
leaves something positive even if the
net was not as positive I course have
told you that I'm not interested in
talking about these specifics of fixing
the problem because unlike some people
in America I don't have free speech now
I don't have freedom of speech in the
sense that you know the entire topic of
racism I can only sort of talk about in
surface sea ways you know approve to
surfacey ways so I don't have actual
freedom of speech to really get into the
details and talk about what is true and
what's not true and the data and stuff
like that if I did have freedom of
speech in this country and again I don't
mean legally of course legally a freedom
of speech but in a practical sense I
don't
like most of you don't so you can't
really work on the suggestions without
the ability to talk about them so I'd
say it's a waste of time to actually
talk about the solutions as a citizen if
Congress passes something and it works
that'd be great
but in terms of my contribution I
couldn't possibly be useful without
being able to talk about it so there's
that so here's something really
interesting a Democrat keyword Democrat
now when I tell you the rest of the
story
just keep in your mind this is a
Democrat okay that's the key part of the
story Democrat Vernon Jones
representative from Georgia he's he says
he's let's call this what it is a hate
crime basically he said I've watched
this as a tweet from him Vernon Jones
I've watched countless videos of Trump
supporters getting attacked in the
streets simply due to their support of
Donald Trump let's call this what this
is a hate crime
he's a Democrat a hate crime and as we
return to the legislature next week I'll
be introducing legislation
that'll make it such so it's a Democrat
Vernon Jones I believe he's
african-american which also you know
gives a little context of the story he
is recommending legislation to make it
illegal to attack a trump supporter for
just being a trump supporter such as
you're wearing a mega hat or something
now how much do you love this guy how
much do you love vernon jones a democrat
a democrat he's he's the guy introducing
legislation to protect republicans so I
asked myself Republicans where were the
Republicans there's not one Republican
who wanted to introduce some legislation
to protect
Republicans it had to come from Vernon
Jones an african-american Democrat
now what if I taught you about
reciprocity all right I've been teaching
you that reciprocity is the single most
probably the most important tool for
success if you could get one thing right
of all the things you should do right
for success you know you want to stay
out of jail and stuff like that but
reciprocity is just it's just the king
of the hill for getting what you want
out of life do something for somebody
else that's it
you do something for somebody else and
it's gonna far increase your odds that
something good will come back to you
directly or indirectly so did I just
spend ten minutes
praising a Democrat I've never met named
Vernon Jones and thank you so Vernon
Jones thank you sincerely thank you this
is what actual leadership looks like
because he's you know bucking me bucking
the majority I would imagine now I would
like to take this excellent idea and
extend it I will extend it thusly
suppose you social media group attacks
somebody for being a trump supporter so
much so that they lose their job let's
say that somebody's tweets are rounded
up and they're not that bad they just
show that it's somebody is a in hafidh
trump supporter let's say they take
those tweets and they send them to an
employer and it causes somebody to get
fired
should it be illegal to get somebody
fired for being a trump supporter well I
would say it should not only be illegal
it should be a hate crime because if
somebody is attacked because of their
support of a political party that is a
completely legal functioning political
party Republican if you get fired for
that and the reason you get fired is
you know somebody organized an attack to
talk to your employer to get you fired
under those conditions with should that
not be a hate crime because it is you
know if you if you steal somebody's job
just because you hate them basically
getting them fired does stealing their
job you know you're not stealing it to
keep it but you're taking it from them
all right if you take money from
somebody or let's say you burned down
somebody let me give you a cleaner
example if I burned down your house
because you were a certain political
party would it be called a hate crime
yeah would be if I burned your house
even if you weren't in it let's say
there was no danger to anybody
physically if I burned down your house
because of your race your beliefs your
religion is that a hate crime and the
answer is yes now a house is just an
economic good right it's something that
has a dollar amount it's not a person
it's just a dollar amount economic
entity now you live in and you got your
private pictures in there so it's worse
but my point is if you take somebody's
job it's not that different from burning
down their house and if you would agree
that it would be certainly a hate crime
to burn down somebody's house for being
a certain political party
it's a crime if you get them
fired if you get them fired for their
political beliefs and this is happening
in this country I'll be telling you a
story about one that I know if later but
not today it this needs to be a hate
crime not just a crime it needs to be a
hate crime and there should be jail time
so I think you should actually go to
jail if you're getting somebody fired or
even trying to I would say even if you
tried to give somebody fired for their
political beliefs and have failed you
should still go to jail jail actual jail
I'm not talking about a fine
I'm not talking about being sued I'm
talking about Jail I'm talking about
putting you in a cell and you spend some
time there because if you burn down
somebody's house for their political
views would you go to jail you would go
to jail
every time assuming you got convicted
and everything every time so what is the
real difference between burning down
somebody's house for their political
views versus organizing a mob organizing
a mob to take the person's job there's
no difference it's the same
crime jail there should be jail for that
all right let's talk about some other
things there's a Rasmussen poll that I'm
gonna break some news for you you want
to hear some Rasmussen poll results that
you have not heard anywhere else because
I actually got permission to I got
permission to tell you before it gets
posted which will be very soon I hear
was the survey Rasmussen Reports
thousand us likely voters and they
conducted this June third and fourth so
use your imagination to win back your
brain to June third or fourth we're sort
of right in the middle of a lot of a lot
of the protests when things were pretty
hot and here was the first question do
you have a very favorable some more
favorable somewhat unfavorable or very
unfavorable impression of black lives
matter so this is this is the existing
thing all right so a very favorable 32%
somewhat favorable to 30% so the the
favorables are 62% when you put them all
together 62% of the people surveyed and
the survey I believe I saw the details
was a very close to the population in
the United States so they asked about
13% African Americans and yeah they got
a mix that was sim
to the United States demographic and 62%
have a favorable view of black lives
matter right in the middle of the
protest and then the somewhat
unfavorable and unfavorables added up to
31% so twice as many people have a
positive view as a negative view but
here's the more interesting question
after several days of protests and
following the death of George Floyd do
you have a more favorable or less
favorable opinion a black lives matter
so here's the interesting thing did all
of the recent news cause people to like
black lives matter more or less what is
your guess give me your guests before I
give you the answer did the protests
make the public at large like black
lives matter more or less the answer is
both the people who said they had a more
favorable opinion at 30% the people who
said they had a less favorable opinion
exactly 30% in other words it broke even
now it didn't really break even because
those aren't necessarily the same people
and maybe they were already favorable
but they're a little more favorable now
and 38% said their opinion was about the
same I don't know how your opinion could
be about the same what kind of person
could watch all that and say ah opinions
about the same I guess that's possible
yeah I suppose if you if you already had
a very high opinion or a very low
opinion that probably wouldn't change
you just feel stronger about it yeah so
I'm watching the comments go by and I
think I think what we would find is that
the conservatives liked black lives
matter less and I'm just speculating
this is not based on the data that I'm
looking at but probably you know
probably people on the left like black
lives matter more because it was doing
more you know more active raising the
issue all right
so that's from Rasmussen and so I read
it a little test to tweet so I've been
testing this concept that Republicans
feel as if they don't have freedom of
speech so I tweeted and pinned this just
to see how many lifes I got and here was
the sentence I said republic Republicans
only had free speech on election day now
the point of that was to find out if the
Republicans were watching this would
sort of agree that they don't have free
speech but that it but that the price
will be paid in other words if you're a
Republican and you are aware that
there's a big national topic and you are
also aware that you don't have freedom
of speech where are you gonna go to
compensate for that like your your
incentive to vote is just sort of
through the roof because it'll be the
first time you can be honest the one
time you can be honest is when you walk
in that voting booth and you pull the
lever or fill out your form or whatever
because you can honestly vote you can
totally honestly vote but you can't
honestly talk you don't have freedom of
speech in a practical sense you do in a
legal sense of course and it got 4,400
retweets which on the size of my account
is is a lot so I love that I love that I
could use Twitter to quickly test a
notion so I was quickly testing if other
people were feeling the same and then
this morning I wake up to at least three
major accounts tweeting the same concept
that that we don't have freedom of
speech so we can't really talk about the
topic honestly I think four different
accounts had the same the same theme
that we we can't make progress because
we can't talk about it so you can see
more of that you know I would also say
it should be a hate crime for social
media
somebody on social media to label the
Trump supporter a white supremacist what
do you think of that if somebody on
social media were to call a trump
supporter who's just a trump supporter
you know hasn't done anything specific
to be you know objectionable and they're
labeled a white supremacist just for
being a trump supporter is that a hate
crime
if they do it publicly if somebody calls
you out and labels you a white
supremacist on Twitter would you call
that a hate crime
I would I would because you know you
couldn't use the n-word you couldn't
call somebody and the other kind of
offensive hateful thing now calling
somebody a white supremacist really is
an invitation to violence I would say
because I think that most people would
feel justified in violence against a
white supremacist so I would say that if
somebody labels you a white supremacist
for having you know just an opinion
about things and it's not a white
supremacist opinion you're just a
Republican I would say that's I hate
crime because it is an invitation to
violence directly and indirectly so I'd
like to see those changes and without
those changes I think social media just
has to be regulated like like any other
utility or publisher let's see there's a
additional scientific evidence for the
fact that you were genetics make a big
difference in how susceptible you are to
covent and coronavirus so there's a now
a second study there was one in China
that had the same result that found that
blood type O is more resistant now it's
not completely resistant it's you know
it's certainly the teens of resistance
you know might be 10 to 19 percent or
something in that range but there is a
there is a pretty measurable difference
if you got type oh you're you're more
resistant my guess is that their other
factor
in your genetics that would also be
predictive so you remember I told you
early on if you're keeping score if
you're keeping score of which pom that's
predicted correctly as we lived one of
my earliest predictions is that there
would be a strong genetic component and
if we knew that genetic component it
might help us determine who to keep safe
and who's at risk remember that was one
of the first things I said months ago
and now science has confirmed so I was
right about masks right about closing
the airports even before the president
said it you know I don't know how many
times to say it because it blows my mind
that my medical advice was consistently
superior to the World Health
Organization most of you - I think if
you could monkey with the dart board
would have been better than the World
Health Organization but man I I freaking
nailed it if let me say this as starkly
as I can if you had ignored the World
Health Organization and just and just
took your medical advice from me so far
you would have been way ahead now in the
future I don't recommend you take
medical advice from me that'd be
probably a bad idea as a general
principle but it is nonetheless true
that if you'd only listened to my
medical advice and I haven't you know no
medical training obviously you would
have been way ahead that's just a fact
there's no way you can argue that that
statement so guessing is better than
expertise
sometimes bill Barr says so he's talking
about the social media companies he says
quote I think there are clearly these
these entities are now engaged in
censorship and they originally held
themselves as open forums so I think
that's a direct statement from from the
Attorney General that he is aware I mean
it's kind of wouldn't you say that it's
a it's a pretty strong statement from
the Attorney General to say that they
are engaged in censorship so the
Attorney General did not say he did not
say we're looking into censorship he did
not say we're concerned that they might
he's not saying people have complained
that they do he said he's the Attorney
General of the United States and he said
clearly these entities are now engaged
in censorship he said clearly like it's
a done deal
what all right let me cure racism I'm
going to take some things which I have
said before but I've not said them as
well as I'm going to package them now so
I'm going to take you to my white board
and I'm going to solve racism for you
sure maybe not all at once but the
cumulative effect will be a complete
solution to racism and it comes from
understanding it like this all right so
some of this you've seen before if I'm
gonna package it better you have a brain
it's a big old lump of stuff inside your
skull your brain is a pattern
recognition machine but it's not a very
good one and that's where all our
problems come from so your brain doesn't
have a choice of being biased it's
designed to be biased because you can't
do a scientific controlled experiment
for all of the thousands of decisions
you make every day from whether to
across the street how to start your car
while closed you put on thousands of
decisions every day and you don't have
any data or scientific studies so you
use your BIOS you say to yourself all
the last five times I did whatever it
worked out well so I'll do that again or
the last three times I try this it
didn't work so I won't do that again so
your brain is really just a pattern
recognition machine that's running all
the time and you can't turn that off
even though it doesn't do a good job of
it so if you see a pattern that's not a
real pattern you're still going to think
it's pattern because you don't have time
to do you know a deep dive and
everything so you could be misled by
your pattern generating machine and
you're being mislead will make you
biased bigoted racist sexist Aegeus and
all the other isms because your brain is
very biased it just looks for patterns
it's dumb you sees the pattern even if
it's not a real pattern it could be an
imagined pattern and just as well it's
the best i god i'll go with it now the
problem with black lives matter and
their approach to things and systemic
racism etc is that they're trying to fix
this they're trying to fix the fact that
people are biased bigoted racist sexist
etc well they don't care about the
bottom one so much but they're working
on the races for this the problem
they're trying to solve can't be solved
so if you're wondering why racism hasn't
been solved it's because it can't it's
not a thing it doesn't it's not a thing
that as a solution I'm not saying it's
hard I'm not saying we don't know how I
mean it is logically unsolvable by its
nature because to solve this you'd have
to remove our brains because you can't
rewire a brain to make it not a pattern
recognition machine that's his basic
nature if you made your brain not
capable or at least not automatically
operating on patterns
it would also no longer be a brain it
just wouldn't do anything you would just
sit in the chair and starve to death so
this is only is not solvable in any
sense there's nothing you can do cannot
solve the basic nature of the human
brain and if you try you're doomed to
fail and here we are here's what you can
do so instead of doing what you can't do
how about doing what you can do your
bias is permanent
you can't get rid of bias it might
change over time as you have new
experiences and they cause you know new
or revised biases but you're always
gonna have bias but what you can do is
make sure that your filters are strong
your moral filter says no I don't want
to treat people with bias so I will use
my higher-level thinking to to try to
tamp down that instinct you could put
your social filter on it and say no I
want to be a good person have all my
friends are good people I want to be a
good person I don't want to be that kind
of person so I will use my social filter
to tamp down my bias and then there's a
practical filter which is how would
society work if we're just go around
discriminating against each other for
race or anything else
does it work very well so from a
practical perspective if you want to
have a better world of course you want
to tamp down your bias because it just
works better if somebody comes in and
asks for a job do you want to lose the
possibility that you could have hired
the best employee you'd ever had because
you were being biased no it's just not
practical you would rather look at their
resume and say oh okay
I was a little biased when you walked in
the door because you weigh a hundred and
ten pounds and the job requires lifting
heavy objects but now that I've looked
at your resume I see here that you're a
bodybuilder couldn't tell the way you're
dressed but you're looks like you can
actually handle this job okay you're
hired
all right so on a practical basis you
don't want to lose the chance to hire
the best person you ever had for the job
so you want to overcome your bias so
here's what I'm saying if you spend your
trying time trying to fix this it's just
a waste of time you can't fix it you
shouldn't fix it it's the basic nature
of your operating system for your brain
you can't change that but you can
certainly strengthen your filters you
can strengthen your filters so imagine
starting early and saying to kids look
you're gonna be biased there's nothing
you can do about that but you can
strengthen your filters here's why being
biased doesn't work for anybody
here's why it's immoral here's why
you're not going to have a good time
with your social life it's just not
going to be as good if you're if you're
operating out of your biases so to some
extent I'm stealing these ideas from
Morgan Freeman
for example Morgan Freeman and this
isn't his version of it but I'm I
borrowed I borrowed from his version as
inspiration
so I'd say I used Morgan Freeman as
inspiration which is they just sort of
ignore the ignore the racism part and
laugh about it now imagine imagine the
world you know I'm not going to say I
have a dream but you can see where I'm
going here imagine a world where
somebody walks in for a job interview or
just walks in the room and the social
setting and your first thought is
whatever your bias is and you can make a
joke about it and the other person could
make a joke about it too let me give you
an example if somebody mocks me for
being a white guy who has no rhythm and
can't dance what is my what is my first
impression to that let's say let's say a
black guy mocks me for being a like a
bad dresser which I am or being a bad
dancer if he mocks me in a funny way I
just think it's kind of funny because
it's true hey yeah I don't dress well
let I have style I don't have rhythm now
I don't care if these stereotypes do or
do not have some kind of statistical
meaning I don't really care because they
don't apply to me I just think it's
funny and anytime somebody teases me for
you know playing air guitar
I don't play her guitar but you know
what I mean or dancing with an overbite
do I say to myself I hate crime hate
crime or do I say to myself that's kind
of funny kind of funny so I think you
know well I think Morgan Freeman is my
inspiration here
that you should just accept well let me
say it more directly what we're trying
to do is to minimize our feelings of
bias so that in our interactions they
don't come out it's probably exactly the
wrong instinct it's probably backwards
don't know but here's but but imagine it
going exactly the other way what if we
can speak freely about our our biases
what if you could just speak freely
about it but at the same time you would
strengthen your filters to the point
where you could overcome it so somebody
walks into your office for an interview
and you say oh man you do not look like
the right person for the job for
whatever reason you're too short you're
too old you're the wrong gender maybe
you're even a racist but imagine a world
where you can just say that let's say
man you do I don't even think you're the
right person for the job you just laugh
about it and then the person pulls out
their resume says well my my Harvard
degree and my ten years you know writing
published papers and this says otherwise
and then the person who was laughing
said am pretty darn good you're hired
and nobody thinks anything about it
they just say okay I had a bias because
I'm I'm a human how about just saying
humans have bias but we also have tools
so just accept your bias and then use
your tools
make sure you've strengthened your
filters so you can build a system that
works best so that's what I would
suggest all of the stuff about how you
feel about it and trying to cleanse your
soul and you know because you speak a
certain way in your dark heart you've
got these bad feelings every bit of that
is counterproductive because it it
imagines a person the way we are not
which is free from bias or we can be
free from bias or that there are some
people who don't have bias and some
people who do that's a big illusion
everybody's got bias somebody says you
are such a tool
that's a good productive comment there
thanks for jumping in with such useful
advice
somebody says unrealistic but good yes
it is is it unrealistic in the sense
that I do not expect that people will
automatically say wow okay good idea you
got me now let me tell you how this
works if this is a good frame it will
live on its own meaning that there there
are enough people here who will see it
that if I said anything useful on this
topic there anything else it forms sort
of a almost creature you know a good
idea is almost an entity that can travel
and it can it can be spread like a virus
from one person to another so one of two
things just happened either I had an
idea that doesn't have much attraction
and that's the end of it last time
you'll ever hear it or there are some
few people who heard this who said damn
that really gives me a better way to
think about it and maybe I can do
something about that and if it's a good
idea it will grow on its own over time
so you can you can just release an idea
like that and find out if a zippe any
power all right
somebody says it's not a good frame well
you would need to define that a little
bit better I'm not gonna block you I
have a if you knew it's my policy to
block people who have a criticism that
doesn't have a reason attached you don't
have to go deep with your reason but
when you said it's I think that it's not
practical or something not a good frame
give me give me just a hint of a reason
if you can summarize it and usually you
can all right swaddle me captain that's
always funny every time I hear it
yeah and I've said this before but we
should be concentrating on strategy
here's something that's provocative that
I would love to tell a 12
year-old a class of twelve-year-old
black Americans so if I could talk to a
classroom at that age I would tell them
this yeah racism will always be a
problem it's not going away can't they
can't go away really but while you might
be disadvantaged let's let's say
socially or even systemically I haven't
heard examples of that but I'm sure I
will so you might be disadvantaged in
this life because of racism etc but you
also have a tactical advantage and they
would say what yes that's right you have
a disadvantage because of racism but you
also have a tactical advantage if you
had the right strategy and the tactical
advantage and I'll just give you the one
obvious example which is you could walk
into any fortune 500 company and if you
have the same qualifications as a white
candidate you'll get the job every time
because the company needs diversity as
well as employees so if you can get a
good employee who has the same
capability as everybody else who's
applying but you can also get some
diversity far preferred and that is just
that's as close to a universally true
statement as you can make about
corporate America so I would teach the
class yes you you were born into a world
that's gonna have some racism so he's
going to be there so here's your
strategy be tactical you can slice
through that like it didn't even exist
because your tactical advantage is so
strong if you use it if you have the
right strategy so that's the way I would
go let's find out if we have any freedom
of speech and we'll get back to social
media and we'll find out and I will talk
to you later