ba-ba-ba-ba-ba
hey Angela hey everybody come on in here
it's time for coffee with Scott Adams
this would be the Thursday edition
unless you're watching it a ton a
different day and those of you who are
early you're fast with your fingers
you're ready for the simultaneous up
grab your mug your cup your glass your
stein your tankard you're jealous
fill it with your favorite liquid I like
coffee and join me for this Idol TV
ascent so as you all know Mitt Romney
wrote a scathing editorial about
President Trump recently in which he
complained about the president's quote
character yes he complained about the
president's character I watched him on
watched Romney on an interview talking
about some of the presidents that he
considered to have good character on his
list was JFK did JFK have good character
is that is that how you is that how you
remember it it feels to me like JFK
should be on the list of presidents who
had bad character but did a pretty good
job LBJ's on that list people who were
terrible human beings but apparently did
a pretty good job Bill Clinton not so
good on the personal personal stuff
pretty solid president in my opinion so
it doesn't seem to be a great
correlation between character and
performance in office but then there's
also the real question of you know what
is what is real character and what is
the theater because there's an awful lot
of politics that's just theater and this
president president Trump he does
more so than the other president he
adopts a role he takes on a character
depending on the situation so his
character that you would see giving a
rally speech is really just a different
person than he might see in person than
you might see in a meeting etc so it's
kind of hard to say what is the
president's character exactly because he
could modify it for this situation he
seems to have a bias toward
effectiveness so if the most effective
thing is to insult somebody he does if
the most effective thing in his Curren
in a given situation is to be nice he's
nice
case in point what was the president's
response to Mitt Romney's scathing
public rebuke of the president the
president said he hopes that MIT becomes
more of a team player and that he looks
forward to working with him now if
President Trump was a person who was
simply had bad character and that's just
who he was all the time he wouldn't be
able to turn it on and off would he and
you could see right in front of you that
he just he just turns a switch and he
says okay in this situation being nice
to Mitt Romney is just good for me good
for the country makes everything work
better so in this particular case I will
not strike back because it doesn't make
sense in this case I'm not worried about
somebody who can modify their
personality for the situation I find
that reassuring not scary here's my
bottom line at Romney I think people are
saying why did Romney do it why did he
do it now Romney's saying that the
reason you did it now is because he's
taking office as a senator it's a good
time to get on record of where he stands
on the issues but I don't think that's
the real reason he did it here's here's
what I say is the real reason that
Romney went hard at the president's
character
because it's the only thing that Romney
feels he has an advantage over President
Trump it's the only thing if you were
going to say tell me some bad things
about Mitt Romney probably character
would not be on the list I I don't think
correct me if I'm wrong but I don't know
a lot of people who were criticizing
Romney for any character flaws
you know they've criticized him for you
know political missteps just normal
stuff but for the most part I think it's
true than on a character role model
basis pretty solid guy but here's what I
think is his plan keep in mind there
Romney is a finance you know a numbers
guy you know he's sort of a consultant
quantitative very analytical kind of a
background what he's doing is one of the
smartest things that you'll see in
politics say well you will say what you
will about Romney about you know any
criticism you will but here's a
statement that I think is just true he's
really smart right does anybody disagree
with that then no matter what you think
of him as politics or anything else he's
a really smart cat and what he's doing
here is the best risk management play
you'll ever see because remember he
comes from a world where risk management
and assessing risk and making the right
risk/reward decision is the whole game
that's how he made money here's the risk
there's probably I don't know how to put
a percentage on this but just for
conversation let's say let's say there's
a solid 20% chance the president Trump
will not run for a second term for
whatever reason either because he
changes his mind he's a certain age
anything could happen
maybe there's impeachment maybe
his poll numbers go down so much he
doesn't want to you could think of a
number of reasons but maybe collectively
if you add them all together maybe a
solid 20% chance the president will run
so Romney is setting himself up as the
emergency president who if you need to
break the glass and get the emergency
president he's ready he's a senator he's
run for president you know he's made a
he made a good run for president he's
already made his argument for why he
should be President and when he was
running for office he's considered a you
know a senior state's person he solves
the problem that that the last president
in this scenario he would be solving the
problem that people cared about the most
from the last president so if he came in
as sort of the emergency replacement you
know the emergency spare for the
Republicans if they just needed a last
minute oh god oh god we don't have
anybody who are we gonna put in here if
President Trump doesn't run for
re-election Romney so on a risk/reward
basis he took a fairly small risk by
running the editorial the small risk is
that it would make you harder to work
with people and Senate but not really
because people still need his vote
president Trump showed that instead of
insulting him for this he was gonna play
nice because he still needs Romney to be
on his side so Romney still has all the
power he needs as a senator because a
vote is a vote and they can't take that
away from him so he took a risk it looks
to me to be the most solid obvious
emergency replacement GOP presidential
candidate should president Trump not be
running for a second term or maybe to be
ready for the term after that but on a
risk/reward basis it was a smart play
I'm gonna give Romney and a +4 political
instinct he put himself in the position
as the emergency backup president a very
low risk it was a good play and I'm
impressed actually by that that doesn't
mean that I support him for president it
only means that in this one limited case
his risk reward assessment looks quite
smart but actually you may have seen
that that Ann Coulter has made news
again remember that she she has been the
president Trump build that fence and I'm
sorry build that build wall built the
wall built the wall if you don't build
the wall you're worth nothing you know
built that wall so she has been the most
wall centric pundit who actually has
influence you know in the political
process certainly the number one wall
proponent and she just did interview
with Joel Pollak of Breitbart radio and
she was asked the question would she
would she be okay with a fence and as
far as I know nobody asked that question
before and surprisingly she said that
she would be okay where the situation
like Israel has now when I say that most
of you say but wait a minute
Israel has a wall turns out that's not
the truth Israel has some wall and
that's mostly what you see pictures of
but they have a long border and I think
most of it is a fence like structural
you know with different mechanisms for
defending as well you know digital and
God knows what else
so Ann Coulter said and I think it's the
first time she said it publicly but
correct me if I'm wrong she said that
she would be okay with something like
what Israel has which is a wall where it
makes sense to have a wall but for the
larger stretches more of a fence like
barrier structure
which which is another way of saying
leave it up to the engineers now Ann
Coulter did not use word engineers as
far as I know I didn't hear the whole
interview but it's the same concept
right if you're okay with what Israel
did it's a lot like saying you're okay
with letting engineers and experts
decide to where's the wall where's the
fence where's the no fence no fall you
know we're at where the drones that's
all anybody is asking nobody's really
asking for something that's not that
everybody's asking to not be the people
who design the border yeah you and I are
not saying hey I'm a citizen let me
design your border it should be all wall
or all fence nobody's saying that
everybody in the conversation agrees
with this concept that the people who
know the most engineers border control
people who are close to it and studying
it really looking at the specifications
really looking at what's worked before
in other places the people were really
the decision-makers the experts they're
the ones who need to decide where you
put what everyone agrees with that but
we're acting like we don't yes you you
probably I heard saw a comment there you
probably saw that Greg Gutfeld also
mentioned the word Wentz on the five and
I think that you're seeing the you're
seeing the the public opinion start to
converge it felt like there were two
opinions but there never were it was a
complete illusion it looked like
somebody was saying hey wall wall wall
and somebody else was saying no all no
all no all but nothing like that was
ever happening it was a complete
illusion caused by the way the news is
reported the way people talk in public
they you know that the shorthand way
that people talk is cetera it has always
been let's do what makes most sense once
the engineer
have dug in and told us what makes no
sense so it was always gonna be a little
bit of wall and probably a lot of fence
and that's where we're heading now
apparently Lindsey Graham has said that
President Trump has you know no chance
of reelection essentially paraphrasing
no no chance of reelection if he doesn't
stay strong and get some wall funding I
think that's probably true I would say
that's probably true and I think that's
also the reason that we can predict the
outcome because the president can
actually keep the government closed
forever like he can just you can just
ride it out if you were would you want
to be in a stone throwing contest with
the best stone thrower in the world if
being a badass is the contest in terms
of who can keep the government closed
the longest Trump's guide to the bigger
badass Lee you don't want to get into a
badassery contest with the biggest
badass so I don't see any chance that
he's gonna fold on this and Rand Paul
was the funniest person on this and by
the way Rand Paul I don't know what's up
with him lately but he's getting funnier
and he's just more interesting lately
so I'm appreciating that from a consumer
standpoint but Rand Paul said he
wondered if the public would ever notice
that the government was shut down which
is an excellent libertarian kind of a
point of view now personally I have not
noticed it yet can you tell me in the
comments have any of you had a personal
experience that was impacted by the
government shutdown yet I know it's
early you know maybe it's too early to
say
have any of you had any bad experience
with the government's shut down
I literally don't even know what's at
stake
other than the garbage SM Parks is not
being cleaned up is that it there's a
lot of there's some trash at government
parks that will get cleaned up later so
under that situation I think the
president can stay as long as he wants
with a closed government did you hear
president Trump's fairly long press
conference yesterday it really was a
sort of a masterpiece of Trump being
Trump and I was in the car when I was
listening to it so I didn't I didn't
write down all of the things I wanted to
write down to talk about because it was
just it was just packed with things to
talk about I'll give you some of my
favorites and I do remember so the
president's had this line he said if
walls don't work you better tell the
Pope because the Vatican has a wall now
here's what's beautiful about that I
always talk about how the president
likes to talk in visual form he talks
and pictures because our visual senses
are most powerful and it's the most
persuasive way to communicate if you can
put something in the form of a picture
you can actually you know pull somebody
into the scene they'll remember it it'll
have more influence on them etc and when
you see the consistency that President
Trump talks in visual language compared
to people who are not good at this you
really see that the power of so he said
that so so as soon as he said you better
tell the Pope that walls don't work
because there's a wall around the
Vatican didn't you immediately imagine
the Pope and even if you don't know who
the Pope looks like which I don't if you
asked me to recognize the Pope on the
street if the Pope showed up in my room
tomorrow and he and he's not wearing the
Pope outfit I wouldn't even recognize
him but I have this you know
general feeling of he's an old white guy
in that Pope outfit so I immediately
picture him and then I immediately
picture the Vatican and I immediately a
picture of the wall and so he just
brings me right into the scene prior to
that hour prior to that the president
said that the Obamas in their new home
have a ten-foot wall around it which
which caused the news to go out and try
to debunk him by by taking multiple
pictures of Obama's house now I'm not
sure that was good for security that the
last thing that the Obamas need is lots
of pictures of their their personal home
with with a story that says the the
fence situation isn't that high so I
don't think that the president was
intending to do this so I'm not going to
say that this was any kind of a plan but
the outcome of it was that the the
anti-trump media which loves some
President Obama they love President
Obama they went and took lots of
pictures of his security situation at
his personal home what that actually
happened say and and the main story was
well President Obama doesn't have that
much security I mean we'll all wise now
of course President Obama has plenty of
security so if you're if you're
listening to this and you're thinking
well I'll take a run at him don't do
that because apparently yeah even the
street approaching the house has stopped
points and security so you can't even
get to the street you can't even get to
the house much less get to the wall and
if you got there there would be lots of
people with machine guns so you wouldn't
want to try to climb that wall but just
the the theater of it that the president
caught that cause the main streets
mainstream media the lovers of Obama to
expose all of the weaknesses in Obama's
personal security situation
it's so it's awful and it's funny at the
same time but again I don't think the
president was intending that to happen
but I think what he was intending was to
put a picture in people's minds so now I
have I didn't have this picture before
before this discussion of Obama's wall
around his own house
did you know what Obama's private house
looked like I'd never seen it you know I
know it's been in the news but I've
never seen it but now I've seen it
I know exactly what Obama's house looks
like and I know it is a little wall
looks like and you could argue whether
the wall makes a difference or not but
clearly the Secret Service thinks the
wall works because they've got a guess
some fencing on the back or something I
think it was added uh yeah the wall was
beefed up a little bit all right and the
other thing that the President did
besides giving the press two visual
images of walls that are working in ways
that they like because the press likes
the Pope and they like Obama and they
both have walls and it's both visual so
this is just classic Trump taking your
attention to where he wants it and
making sure there's a picture there the
other thing he did was it looked like he
was a be testing a new a new brand for
Syria and he said it a few times he said
Syria is nothing but sand and death sand
and death and he repeated it to make
sure we didn't miss it sand and death
it's pretty good isn't it yeah sand and
death fire and fury sand and death do
you see how how similar they are in
terms of the stickiness when you take
the entire here's what the president
does well he takes this big complicated
situation and then he boils down all of
that complexity to the part that matters
at least in terms of communication so
you could argue that other things matter
but in terms of how you communicate he's
boiled all their complexity down to
sand and death what value is sand
nothing and the other thing is death so
basically were dying for nothing
if he said we're over they're dying for
nothing that would be a concept you
couldn't see it you couldn't feel it it
wouldn't be as real but when he says the
entire situation is nothing but sand and
death that's really good branding wise
again separate you know his branding and
persuasion from whether you like the
policies or don't like the policies
those are good questions but we're
separating them for now technique-wise
sand and death is really good stuff
the president also I you could tell that
he was he was going to drive the
fact-checkers crazy because in the
course of I don't know an hour or
whatever he talked he said so many
things that are directionally true but
maybe not precisely true one of them was
that that he essentially fired mattis he
essentially fired him he didn't fire him
because mattis you know technically not
technically but literally resigned hold
on
but the president's statement that he
technically fired him makes the media
have to deal with that question because
they're fact-checking yet tried to
debunk it etc and so how far off is it
to say that the president essentially
fired because remember the situation was
that Madison the president no longer
were on the same page if you're the boss
and your employee won't do what you want
him to do and then the employee resigns
is that really a resignation is it a
resignation when you know you're going
to get fired or if you know that you
can't do what your boss asks you to do
well technically the person who writes a
resignation letter is the one who
resigned that is technically not being
fired but what the president says I
essentially fired him it's not that far
from false I think the fact checkers
would be on solid ground to say it is
false what is so close and he does this
all the time it's kind of close right
because once you know the thing that
that the boss is not getting the
employee to do what he wants and he's
not happy about it and your boss is the
most famous firing boss ever it seems to
me the madness wisely just got in front
of it so it looks like Madison might
have been fired if he hadn't resigned
and if somebody says if you don't resign
I'm gonna fire you or suggests suggests
that maybe if you don't resign you're
gonna get fired pretty quickly is it
unfair to say that you essentially fired
him it's not that far off but it's it's
perfect fodder for the fact checkers to
talk about that question all right the
funniest part that the president said
was he said he called up I don't know
who he called up Saudi Arabia or he
called up the OPEC countries or
something he said he got on the phone
and he simplified this big complicated
situation about oil prices and the the
geopolitical you know stability of the
world and supply and demand this big
complicated ball of stuff that
determines what the actual oil price is
you simplified this too he made a phone
call and said you got to lower those gas
prices and then they did now I don't
know a lot about geopolitical anything
and I wasn't there when he made the
phone call and I don't remember exactly
who he called but it's hilarious because
you could he hadn't draws a visual
picture you can see him in your mind on
the
phone talking to someone on the other
end who's dressed in traditional Saudi
you know Saudi clothing whether it's a
Saudi or somebody else so you've got
this picture he's on the phone he's the
president he's in the Oval Office and
you imagine him talking to somebody
who's dressed in Saudi kind of clothing
saying you've got to lower those gas
prices all right
good you get a lower room great I'll
announce this at the press conference
like now did something like that
actually happen probably he probably was
on the phone to various people who could
control how much how much pumping of oil
there was he probably did ask them to do
this and sure enough gas prices are in a
better range so I don't know if the
phone call made the difference but the
way he turned it into a story and
simplified this complicated situation
down to the president made a phone call
and made it happen
to me was hilarious and effective but
maybe won't exactly effect you know
won't make the fact-checkers exactly
happy but it was just kind of a perfect
persuasion I tweeted around a photo of
the freshman class in the news new house
so the house has there are new members
now and I tweeted around the picture as
they're a whole bunch of them I don't
know how many 50 of them maybe standing
on the steps and there was a big group
picture and I tweeted - who do you
notice first standing right in the front
now I think the women were in the front
that helps their visibility but there
were three women I think who wore plain
very easy to recognize dresses there was
a light green there was a bright red and
I think there was a maybe a
cream-colored one but they just jumped
out and the one that jumped out to me
the most was a Oh see she was in the red
now if you wanted to be noticed in a big
sea of mostly men mostly men and but now
a lot more women because of the incoming
class what would you wear to be the most
noticeable person there you would wear a
plain tasteful bright red dress once
again you see the aoc makes the right
move in a seat of people not making the
right move now you could argue that the
the other women who wore the the
cream-colored dress and the green in the
pale blue or green dress they also you
know made good style choices and they
and they stood out but not compared to
bright red bright red is the one that
you think is in charge
bright red is the one that's dangerous
bright red is the one that's gonna
change stuff bright red is coming at you
bright red means you better pay
attention
bright red means you better stop stop
and pay attention so while I you know a
lot of people said I noticed the other
women's dresses first and I'm sure
that's true one of those colors was the
right choice and all of the other colors
were less good there was one other woman
who seemed to be wearing essentially the
same dress as AOC but in the photo
anyway she put on I don't know the the
name for women's clothing but some kind
of a top that covered most of the top of
the red dress I don't know if she put
that on because AOC had a similar dress
maybe I don't know or maybe that was
just part of the outfit we don't know
but here's the thing here was this group
picture of all these people exactly one
of those people and of that entire group
made the best choice for what to wear
that day only one now keep watching for
how many times that same one person
makes exactly the right choice when
everybody else does
is not an accident I tweeted around a
just before I got on here
I gave two links to opposite stories
about climate change and they're
focusing on whether the ice the amount
of ice and the Arctic is growing or
shrinking now let me ask you this given
that we think or at least half of the
country believes that climate change
might be the biggest problem in the
history of humanity could it be the
biggest problem ever that's how big it
is for half of the country anyway and
yet on this what you would think would
be a simple question
is the ice in the Arctic melting or
staying the same or growing and if you
read an article any article on this
point it's going to tell you with
certainty what the answer to that
question is but the problem is the next
article you read might tell you the
opposite how is it possible that in 2019
when when climate change is the most
important question you know many people
would say in the history of civilization
that we don't know the answer to that
can't we pick can can we agree that
we'll never really agree on all of the
different you know all of the different
complexities of climate science will
probably never all agree on that stuff
but can't we pick just a few things that
would be the result of a warming climate
to decide whether is warming or not can
we not just say look let's forget
everything else let's just bet it all on
ice or maybe sea level suppose you say
okay I don't understand enough about
climate science as a citizen
to have an independent opinion whether
the skeptics are right or the the
promoters of climate change being a big
problem all right so let me just boil it
down to one variable man make your
predictions you guys say that there will
be less ice and it will be quite
noticeable and it's going to happen fast
meaning that next year will be less ice
and we can definitely measure it the
other side says that's not happening
that there might be less ice in some
places but there's more ice in other
places it's breaking even or maybe even
increasing isn't that the simplest thing
for science to be able to do we got
satellites up there we can take pictures
how in the world can we not figure out
if ice is increasing or decreasing
you know net we can we can tell we can
tell that what's changing in any one
place but we don't seem to be good about
knowing how the whole is going so so I
tweeted that out and I think I'm going
to keep a sort of a running list of the
points and the counter points now here's
the thing that worries me about the
counter points I had been seeing two
really good skeptics me and when I say
really good I mean persuasive so for my
money there were two people in the in
the conversation about climate who were
really persuasive on the skeptical side
and so every time I saw a good article
that was that I'd read and I say wow
that's a pretty good argument I don't
know if it's true because I can't
independently judge climate science
stuff you know I could just read the
article and say well it sounded like BS
sorta sounded legitimate that's the best
I can do and there were two people who
just had always the best solid
legitimate arguments and then I found
out those two people are the same guy so
apparently one of them is the you know
sort of a internet name he was using
probably he was using that because
dangerous to talk about this in the
beginning so it was Steve Goddard was
the I guess pen name for Tony Heller I
had been thinking that I was seeing two
people with independent opinions which
were both powerful skeptics now I know
it was the same guy what does that do to
my impression of his credibility it it
decreases it now again whenever I talk
about credibility I'm never talking
about what's true or false because
sometimes you can't know what's true or
what's false but you can know if
something looks believable to you you
know does it feel to you credible and I
was quite disappointed to find out that
the two most powerful voices in my
opinion were actually just the same guy
because that means that if that same guy
is wrong you know you know you don't
have that diversification of the opinion
that you thought you had it's just one
guy who could be wrong so I would say
that my opinion of the credibility of
the skeptics has decreased this week as
I'm learning more about the arguments
and so somebody says he was public as
hell about it that that's true so let me
be clear here
my understanding is that he is there may
have been a point when he wasn't but
that's not important because lately it's
you know he's published and he's very
public about it he's not trying to hide
it it's you know not something I don't
think it's something that somebody else
found out about it I think he's been I
think he's the one who said it was him
so I'm not I'm not criticizing him for
having a pen name because that probably
made sense given the topic it probably
was a I imagine it was risky to talk
about this stuff at some point so that's
not the problem but the point is in my
mind just my you know my understanding
of it went from two good critics down to
one now somebody said that Judith curry
there's another good one and I think
you're right but in terms of charts and
looking at the numbers
Tony Heller was the strongest voice on
that that I've seen in terms of
credibility all right
so if we can't figure out the simple
question of whether there's more or less
ice and we can't figure out the simple
question of whether the oceans are
rising or not because apparently in some
places they don't rise in some places
they do which makes sense because the
the sea level rises not just because
there's more water but because it's
warmer and when it's warmer the volume
expands so the sea Rises so you could
actually you could actually have the sea
level rise in one part of the world
without it rising in the other part if
the temperatures are different yeah and
then there's the question of the land
itself rises and falls and that changes
its relationship to the water alright
what I think of the rebuttal charts to
the temperature adjustments the rebuttal
translate okay sure oh so yes so one of
the major points from the Toni Heller
side of skepticism was that all of the
adjustments made to the temperature
records were in the same direction and
then somebody sent me a link to what
looked to be a credible source showing
all of the adjustments over time and you
can see that some it was about equally
equal number of them were adjusted up
versus down now those are two completely
opposite truths and it's not immediately
obvious to me how they could both be
true and it's not obvious to me how it
isn't obvious to the people who work in
this field which one is completely wrong
and I still don't know that so you have
two versions of the truth there's the
Steve Goddard Toni Heller same person
truth this says that all the adjustments
were in
same direction and in this case it
doesn't mean the same direction is
higher or lower it means the site the
same direction means always in the
direction that would cause the future a
graph to look steeper so that could be
it could be raising temperatures in the
past but it could be you know depending
on where you are in the curve you can
raise it or lower it to make the graph
what you want and then the sceptics
argument is no here's a graph of all the
adjustments and it's obvious that about
half of them are up half of them are
down it's completely random they can't
both be true and wouldn't that be the
simplest thing to determine can somebody
send me a tweet with two links showing
the argument that says all the
adjustments are in one direction one
direction meeting causing the graph to
look like it's going up and the other
saying now it's all random and here's
the data and look at it yourself ah
we're in this weirdest world where the
most basic objective easily checkable
fact is in dispute
I believe we're using the same database
right isn't everybody looking at exactly
the same data and one says is cold
outside and the other says it's hot
outside terrible analogy but how is that
not agreed on it's weird
all right here's another question I
can't determine is nuclear power cost
effective or not cost effective isn't
that a pretty basic question now of
course there's a big challenge with the
rules and regulations it would be hard
and a lengthy process to get a nuclear
power plant built but when I talk to
smart people there's a difference of
opinion and I'm talking about really
smart people people were investing
putting you know their own money into it
in big ways some of them say nuclear is
definitely the way to go an including
fusion so there are smart people who are
close to it was
fusion actually has been elusive up so
now but we've we've got to the point
where we think we can solve the last
remaining leg of problems and other
people say no not even close that's
complete garbage we'll never get there
then others say that there's more
variations on traditional nuclear power
from using depleted uranium to thorium
you know other words that I don't
understand but that those are closer to
being economical and then Bill Gates is
pushing nuclear so Bill Gates who
obviously looks at the numbers you know
it's not like Bill Gates is making an
investment without looking at the
financial projections
he says nuclear's the answer other
people just as smart just as
well-informed just as interested say the
opposite say green technology is the
only way to go on an economics basis why
isn't that most basic question something
we all agree on now it would be one
thing if we said you can't do nuclear
power because of all the regulations I
think everybody would agree that the
regulations are a burden but if you
could remove those regulations why can't
we agree that nuclear is either
economical or not economical wouldn't
that be among the most basic questions
how do we not know that all right I
think we've reached a world that is
harder to understand that maybe it has
ever been before partly because it's
more complicated partly before because
people have naked interests that they
hide no that would be different people
have naked interests and they also have
interests that they hide and it's just
impossible to know what's a good idea
from a bad idea anymore we can't tell
the difference as Mark Twain said we
don't know the difference between good
news and bad news
that's our world anyway that's all I
have for now and I'm gonna keep digging
into this claim
to change things to find out what's what
and I'll build up a I'll build up a
catalog of links so if they're for every
individual point about ice or no ice sea
level no sea level coral bleaching no
coral bleaching I want to have the point
in the counterpoint and then if I can I
want to get the counterpoint to the
counterpoint because you need to get to
that level I think all right we'll see
what we can do and I will talk to you
later