oh hey everybody come on in
it's time it's time for coffee with
Scott Adams the best part of the day
yeah it's gonna be a good one today
partly because it's always a good one
and partly because it's Monday that our
Monday is wonderful just keep telling
yourself that until it's true but you
know if you want to enjoy coffee with
Scott Adams you need to also enjoy the
simultaneous sipping you don't need much
to enjoy it no you don't all you need is
a cup or a mug or a glass a tanker
chalice or Stein a canteen jug of flask
a vessel of any kind fill it with your
favorite liquid I like coffee and join
me now for the unparalleled pleasure
they don't put me in hitter the day the
thing that makes everything better this
simultaneous sip go breathtaking I know
you feel the same so quick update the
corona virus is in 24 countries ish
couple dozen and nearly every continent
and still still I think we're waiting
fact check me on this but I think we're
still waiting for our first non-asian
death now I'm not saying there having
been Utley but I am saying I haven't
seen your reporting that would suggest
there have been E and it's getting kind
of obvious that that's not happening so
keep an eye on that I'm not gonna I'm
not going to I don't want to start a
rumor by saying it can't happen or that
it won't happen but it's been a while
you know that virus has been making the
rounds and I'm gonna be scratching my
head if we don't hear a report sometimes
of somebody who wasn't it you know
compromised you know if it 80 year old
dies from the flu that doesn't count
eight-year-olds can die from the bad
cold so we're still watching to see if
there's something unusual about this
virus that would suggest it's not like
other viruses you all saw the news
yesterday I can't think of a better a
better signal that things are going well
in the United States than the fact that
there was so much news about the
president making an appearance at the
Daytona 500 now say what you will about
this president I know a lot of people
don't like him a lot of people do but no
matter which side you're on you have to
have to admit nobody puts on a show like
this president and I would go further
and say nobody has ever understood
better the the political and functional
value of the show it's not for nothing
it's not it's not a coincidence that
leaders like to put on the show and I
think if other leaders were capable of
putting on the kind of show that Trump
can put on reflexively I mean he he puts
on the show even if he wasn't planning
on it
everything he does seems to be
interesting but it was just amazing
yesterday I mean he if you saw the news
coverage you know what I'm talking about
he starts by flying Air Force One kind
of low over the crowd come on that's
just so great you're running Air Force
One like directly over the crowd yeah
that's just that's just great
showmanship then of course there were
was it the Thunderbirds they did a
little show too you know that makes you
feel oh the military and gives you that
that that rush so you're seeing the the
president's plane you're there for this
motorsport
your your your body is just you know
raging with anticipation you see the
Thunderbirds
I mean he's it's like every every
emotional chemical reaction you would
want it was all captured in that and
then they throw on a bunch of obviously
patriotism
the Pledge of Allegiance did they do the
pledge or just national anthem but the
point is this was the most American
situation you could ever have and then
and then they let the president's car
nicknamed the Beast do a few laps come
on come on nobody thought of that before
now I have to wonder if the president
was in that car I hope not
right and I also hope the president
wasn't in the Air Force one when it went
directly over the crowd I'd like to
think that the Secret Service took a man
of those things but maybe left the
suggestion that he was still in there
because it was more fun but for safety
reasons I hope he wasn't in the car when
it was going around the track and I hope
he wasn't in the in Air Force One when
it went directly over the event but
maybe he wants who knows I saw that the
military now has a laser beam that
shoots down drones have you seen that
it's a truck-mounted
I don't know where it's in use but it's
been invented and there's a video of it
in action as for shooting down the small
drones so it's not for the big the big a
rocket jet type of drum and I don't
think he shoots those down but you could
have a small swarm of smaller drones
coming towards you and this laser beam
just heats them up and Fries them in the
air and I saw it to take out three I
don't know if it did it quickly enough
but certainly work at least on the video
anyway so that was a gigantic homerun so
here's here's my thought experiment
about the Daytona 500 do you either
Bernie Sanders or Mike Bloomberg pulling
off what the president did yesterday you
can't imagine it can you because they
would be such a fish out of water but
you take president Trump and you drop
him in the middle of the biggest you
know NASCAR I guess that's NASCAR right
I don't know anything about racing into
that environment even though he grew up
a rich kid in Manhattan he fits
perfectly
right isn't that weird that you can take
somebody you shouldn't be able to fit
into that world and you plop it right
into the middle of it not only does he
fit but they hail him as their king
you know figuratively speaking so now
imagine Bloomberg or Bernie doing that
you can't do it can you no no I know
what you're gonna say to yourself sure
but there are places that you know
president Trump can't go and maybe you
know there are neighborhoods you
wouldn't want to go that maybe Bernie
would so there's that but here's the
thing
you can also imagine president Trump in
the room in which is the the only white
guy and everybody else is an African
American citizen because you've seen
that you've seen it a bunch of times
it's usually associated with Charlie
Kirk or Candice Ellen's and some kind of
you know young black conservative group
but we've all seen the footage now does
Trump seem comfortable and fits in
perfectly with a roomful of young
African American citizens well if you've
seen the video you know the answer is
yes yes he does he fits in perfectly he
looks like he's having a great time like
genuinely he doesn't look uncomfortable
he looks like he's having a great time
they're loving him he's loving them it's
a big little love fest
now who else can you imagine just this
is just a mental experiment take any of
the Democrats and plop them in those two
environments well you could see Bernie
doing well with an all-black crowd
Bloomberg not so much but as you can't
see either one of them dropped into the
middle of a NASCAR event and feeling
like these are my people
yeah we relate we're on the same page so
it's quite remarkable and I think that
I've said this since the beginning but I
think that historians are going to be
way kinder to President Trump than the
current coverage does anybody anybody
agree with me on that
because I think when you look back on it
you're gonna say my god
how did he he fit into these completely
different American cultures these
subsets how does he fit them all like
it's like this an old slipper like he
can just put his foot into any group any
fits you saw him with you know you see
them with rich people and socialites and
you know billionaires and you say to
yourself yeah
fits perfectly Trump in a room full of
billionaires fits perfectly you can
actually take that man and put him in
any environment
now did you happen to see Mike Bloomberg
recently had some event and of course
Bloomberg is suffering from the
accusations of racism blah blah we'll
talk about that in a minute but he has
he's introduced by an african-american
women who for the purpose of the story
you have to know is a large woman all
right because that's unfortunately
that's part of the story because she was
sort of large for a woman this is not
any kind of an insult I'm not sliding or
I'm just painting you a picture here and
Bloomberg is smallish for a man so he
gets the benefit of an african-american
woman giving a full-throated endorsement
to him bluebird it does that's good
that's a good optic and then Bloomberg
gets on stage and he tries to give her
an awkward stage hug and because he's
smallish and she and again this is not
any kind of a disc that she was a larger
woman you can picture in your mind right
it was just the most awkward he tried to
put his arm around her but he was kind
of small and he couldn't couldn't pull
it off so blue Berg couldn't even look
comfortable with one african-american
woman who just had just complimented him
on stage he couldn't pull that off
you've seen Trump do it you've seen
Trump do it a lot of times he can pull
that off because he can pull off
apparently being comfortable with
anybody and by the way that was my
experience when you know I talk about it
too much but you know I got to meet the
president in 2018 and got to chat with
him a little bit
the immediate my most immediate reaction
is that he he made me feel comfortable
in the Oval Office think about that
think about being invited because this
actually happened to be invited to the
Oval Office sitting there across the
desk from the President of the United
States and not even just an ordinary one
we're talking about in the most colorful
famous president of the United States
will ever have probably sitting across
the desk at he Bay and me feel
completely comfortable like I was just
chatting with a friend now I assume he
can do that with everybody because you
know we hear that but it's a remarkable
talent Bill Clinton had that you know a
lot of politicians fat I'm sure Obama
had it but I don't see that with Sanders
and I don't see it with Bloomberg
exactly they seem a little uncomfortable
with the common people if you know what
I mean all right
most of the news seems to be taking
things out of context and pretending
were bad about them so there's two
stages to the most common story we're
going to hear between now and Election
Day somebody said something in a
different context we're gonna take it
out of that context and then we're gonna
pretend we're really mad about it but
not really because it didn't bother us
before so probably shouldn't bother us
now so let me give you some examples so
there's a video of Bloomberg talking to
some some group in which he is making
the point that it's not difficult to be
a farmer or well not let me put it in
two different words it's not difficult
to do the a lot of the tasks in farming
such as you know planting and watering
and and picking crops but his larger
point was supposed to be that people are
going to need different skills in the
modern world and farming was a
relatively low skill task in the past
but we might need higher skills now
nothing about that is controversial
right did I say anything you don't agree
with of course you agree with that of
course you agree that some types
jobs have different requirements for
different kinds of skills nobody
disagrees with what he was saying but
once it's taken out of context from
whatever small group he was talking to
and you just throw it up there as an
insult to farmers it kind of looks like
it insults the farmers doesn't it it
kind of looks like he's calling them
morons doesn't it but was he did he say
anything that a farmer would disagree
with well if you're talking about the
farm employees not the farmer who
actually has to be half scientist and
businessman and you know if you're the
owner of the farm you're managing the
farm you need a lot of skills a lot of
skills yeah everything from you know
you've got to know enough about animals
and veterinarian things and crops and
fertilizers and you know it's pretty
complicated stuff but if you're just
working on the farm you might have one
task that you do all day and doesn't
require a lot of training so I don't
think there's even a farmer who would
disagree with what Bloomberg intended
and I don't think anybody was
necessarily put off by it when he said
it originally because it was a message
that he tailored for whatever group he
was with apparently he didn't think they
would be bothered with it and they
probably weren't or at least not much
but here's the rule that I would like to
see become a thing I don't think it ever
will but this is a rule I'd like to say
that when somebody's statements are
taken out of context and developed and
delivered to a new context in other
words from that small gathering to the
entire public in the context of the
presidential campaign I don't think that
the person who said it should be
responsible because the person who said
it said it in a specific context and I
think in this case Bloomberg is a
hundred percent responsible for the
communication to that small group where
he said it so if any of them were
offended well I would say that would be
between Bloomberg and whoever was
offended if anybody but whoever it was
and and lots of people were involved in
this but whoever it was who took that
and moved it to another context I
believe there the author at that point
now I know nobody's going to agree with
this because we have too much fun taking
stuff out of context but in my opinion
the author of the offensive Bloomberg
statement is not Bloomberg once you've
taken it out of context because you've
changed the meaning that's you you the
messenger who took that and altered its
meaning by changing his context I think
you're responsible for it there's nobody
else who said it all right let me give
you some more examples that Bloomberg
also said there's another video of him
was again a small group and he was
saying he gave an example of a 95 year
old who says she has cancer
and he was saying that maybe we just we
should say there's nothing we can do for
you because even curing the 95 year old
would put them through presumably a year
of unpleasantness
their life is probably not so
spectacular at 95 maybe we should be
looking at just letting people die with
you know some dignity on their own terms
he didn't say any of the words I'm
saying exactly but the point of it was
that if we want to get to I assume this
was the context if we wanted to get to a
point where everybody could have
affordable health care we might not want
to spend so much on these lost causes
basically people weren't going to make
it anyway and it's not even going to
help them now how many people disagree
with that some some I think there are
plenty of people would say no you're
gonna you should always fight as hard as
you can for life no matter what but what
if you have you have you have to pick
your you have to pick your battles what
if it's a triage situation and because
of limited resources you can either help
the 95 year-old with cancer or you can
help the 25 year-old who would go on to
live a good life if they got the right
health care I think he's saying nothing
that any of us really disagree with if
we were having a private conversation
but once again Bloomberg made these
comments in a context in a small group I
don't know if anybody in that
group was offended by it because
probably they were on the same page but
somebody took it in context because it's
a political season and I think whoever
took it out of context has to answer for
it I don't think that's Bloomberg's to
answer and of course you know I'm just
living in my own fantasy world where
anybody would ever agree with what I
just said because I don't think any of
you and I don't think any of you are
going to agree with it to the point of
making it your normal way of thinking
and acting I don't think that's gonna
happen I see some people agreeing in the
comments and a conceptual level here's
another one
Rush Limbaugh he said quote this is Rush
Limbaugh I don't when he said it but
recently America is not ready for two
gay guys kissing on stage or something
like that and of course
Rush Limbaugh is and accused of being
anti-gay but is that what he said is
that what Larissa because I'm reading
the sentence and I'm thinking Rush
Limbaugh didn't say that was his opinion
in fact it's unambiguous
he says America is not ready now that's
a that seems like it's just a fact you
could check right okay you just check
that fact is America ready for LGBTQ
president and apparently there's a
survey that says seventy eight percent
of America says they offer so 78 percent
of the country says yeah no problem
LGBTQ president no problem but that
leaves a big percentage of people who
were not ready according to the poll if
22 percent say hmm not ready now I
disagree to them because as you know
you've heard me talk about this I'm not
only ready but I think we would come out
ahead if we could get that LGBTQ
president sooner or later
doesn't have to be Pete but sooner or
later I just want somebody who's you
know who is publicly LGBTQ I think we've
had probably some gay presidents in the
past it would be fair to assume that
that's true I think we're better off
if we can just set the example that
that's not a limitation for public
service we'd all be a better country for
that but let's look at rush limbaugh
statement he says America is not ready
is that in the context of a presidential
race if a current poll says 22% of the
country and I disagree with that 22% but
they say they're not ready isn't that
enough to justify what Rush Limbaugh
said I'm just a fact check all right now
I don't just being as clear as I can
I wanted lgbtq president eventually but
I think rush limbaugh a statement is
perfectly factual that America has a
little problem with it
I'm not even sure that's anti is that
anti LGBTQ yeah it looks like just a
statement of the fact about something
you could pull and then it confirms it
oh well so that's sort of it added
context thing then of course there's all
the Bloomberg stop-and-frisk stuff you
know that's taken from a context in
which a lot of smart people who meant
well thought it was a good idea and
thought it was working today in 2020 we
don't think it was a good deal so again
taking that you know what we thought in
a different context and moving it to the
present it's a little bit unfair I would
judge him by his current point of view
and then Bloomberg is also being
criticized for saying that this is words
that are putting into his mouth
basically saying that the banking crisis
of what 2009 could have been averted if
if banks had had being able to
discriminate more against black and
brown people according to Elizabeth
Warren that's how she's interpreting
Mike Bloomberg is saying that well
according to Bloomberg we could have
avoided that banging banking crisis if
we if banks had made fewer loans to
black and brown people
so that's Warnock using Bloomberg is
that fair
does that fair no I mean there's a lot
of there's a lot of nuance in the whole
you know who gets alone and how do you
do that but I certainly don't see I just
I'm just now seeing that criticism
that's valid all right
because I don't think she's
characterizing Bloomberg correctly
now listen otherone do you remember when
Trump famously well let me put this in
new context you remember when Trump
called the the some of the country's s
whole countries you remember that and
that was in the context of a small
meeting in which I believe everyone
understood the context to mean that
there are some countries that are going
to be here if you let everybody send
whoever they want there are some
countries who would send people who
don't have education and don't don't
speak English and wouldn't be able to
contribute as much as other countries
were we're more easily going to bring
least economic value into the country
now of course I got taken out of context
and when you hear that out of context it
sounds like nothing but racist so let's
talk about for Reid Zakaria this is
where I'm heading with all of this all
right so all of that was a lead-up into
this topic so you probably know Fareed
Zakaria from CNN and other places and
he's one of the most interesting
thinkers out there I've been a fan for a
long time and what's interesting about
him is not only that he's
extraordinarily good at explaining
complicated things he's really gifted at
that but he seems to be an independent
thinker you don't hear exactly the same
things coming out of his mouth a year
from others indeed he has called himself
a centrist and he has two opinions that
I've never heard from the same person
and I want to see if you agree and this
is really a sign of somebody who is is
flexible and nimble and able to break
out of there
mental bubble alright so here's two
opinions that Farid has one is that the
president is a big ol racist because and
his example was the reference to the the
s whole countries and who were mostly
black and brown and he he talks about
the Muslim ban the so-called Muslim ban
which is more technically a ban on
countries that don't have good
identification processes which turned
out to be mostly Muslim and he was
complaining about Nigeria being added to
that and of course the official reason
is that Nigeria is one of the countries
that doesn't do a good job identifying
people so we don't know what we're
getting
but according to for read Nigeria we
also have a national strategy of getting
closer to them and building that
relationship you points out that that's
a conflict you know how can we be
banning their immigration and also
trying to be you know more of a trading
partner and all that and sort of
conflicting which is fair but it's
afraid goes he puts together the s whole
comments and the so-called Muslim ban
that isn't really a Muslim ban and
decides basically the president's a big
old racist okay but in the same the same
show the same day I think this was
yesterday he comes out against Bernie
Sanders green new deal and calls it
magical thinking and goes on to say that
if you I'm paraphrasing your but saying
that if you didn't allow gas natural gas
and you didn't allow nuclear to be part
of the solution there is no way that
anybody knows how to get to you know a
carbon-free you know situation by 2030
which is what bitna Sanders is saying so
in the clearest possible terms for Reid
is saying that the green new deal as
Bernie sees it and prices it and
anticipates it is magical thinking he
actually calls it just a fantasy and and
asked this provocative question
are we afraid we being I guess the
Democrats are they afraid that Sanders
won't get elected or they afraid that he
will it's it's I've never seen such a
direct broadside in completely rational
and reasonable terms against the green
new deal on CNN have you now you've seen
I think you've seen you know CNN allows
the occasional you know conservative
pundit to come on and get in a few words
but have you ever seen an opinion person
or a main employee of of CNN just come
out and say the green New Deal is a
fraud that's my word fraud but that's
basically what for Reid is saying is
that it's it's magical thinking it's
nonsense and there is no way it can be
done now who do you know who holds those
two opinions that the green New Deal is
nonsense but also that there's evidence
that the president's a big ol racist I
don't know anybody who also has two
opinions they they just don't travel
together so this is one of the reasons
that Fareed is so interesting because
he's not trapped in a bubble and this
made me curious about his background so
I went to a Wikipedia I assume it's
accurate enough for our purposes I
wanted to see what kind of background he
has because you know I wrote the book
loser think about how people can't
escape their mental bubbles unless
they've had a broad exposure to the
thinking styles in different fields and
when I watch for Reid talking about
let's say economic issues I'm always
impressed that he gets it right which is
unusual if you watch anybody talk about
economics on the news that they might
get some part of the story right but
then he go uh you're leaving out the
important part but if you see for Reid
talking about something that's
complicated and involves economics you
wait for him to leave out the important
part but then he doesn't he mentions the
important part importantly so he seems
to have like this comprehensive view of
the field that's unique but here's what
I didn't know about him I didn't know
that he I guess he comes from a
Muslim tradition so I don't know the
details I don't know which family
members are practicing Muslims but it
comes from a Muslim dominated culture
but he is not a Muslim
except culturally I guess so he's not a
believer of the you know all the details
of of Islam so he doesn't practice but
that's that's his heritage is that the
right word I don't know so I ask you
this if you were for read and you know
you've had that heritage that background
that was sort of your family connections
and your history what would you think of
President Trump banning mostly Muslim
countries from coming in I'd like to
think I could look at it objectively
just like I do now but I don't know that
I could I don't know that you could ask
somebody who actually is Muslim or has a
sprit you know a close connection to
them to look at the soö countries
comments or to look at the ban on
immigration and to have a different
opinion
so as an observer it looks to me like
you suffering from a little bit of TDS
but it seems really limited to that
category and there's a really good
explanation for it which is if you're
being honest if you're being honest if
you were in his situation and your
family and friends and your background
and everything came from that culture
and you saw a president who seemed to be
pushing back against that culture or it
looks like it or as close to it or it
seems like he's not saying the right
words or talking about it right you'd
probably say that president was a racist
that doesn't mean you're right but if
you put yourself in his shoes you can
see how he could hold these two opinions
at the same time and be a reasonable
person at the same time all right so
here here's what was amazing about this
I'm so curious about CNN's editorial
process when you see for Reid I'm you
know he's a major major talent on CNN
when you see him say that bernie is just
full of crap him and his green new deal
is a fantasy and it's the primary I
would say it's literally the most
important issue and he's just saying
it's nonsense does he check with the
boss first that's a serious question did
anybody look at his commentary besides
you know maybe a producer or something
but did Jeff Zucker know the Fareed was
going to essentially endorse the
president's plan for climate change I
mean he didn't say that but he he did
say we shouldn't be discounting gas and
nuclear power and that's pretty much
what the Trump administration is doing
about climate change if you can call it
that so my guess is they probably didn't
I can't imagine that every every opinion
piece goes past the boss but I do
imagine that all of the talent s CNN
have some idea of what they can get away
with and what they can't and we're all
human so no matter how independently we
think you're still gonna give the boss
what the boss wants
in your best opinion of what that is and
I would say that CNN is clearly
signaling especially if you ever see
more of this I'd wait for another
confirmation somebody else to say the
same or similar but it looks like CNN is
signaling that they're not going to back
the progressive let's say a warrant or a
Bernie or somebody who's too far left I
think they're signaling that that wait
for a little confirmation a little early
but it's starting to look that way
so who would see and then back if they
had their choice it's kind of a problem
because they don't seem to love
Bloomberg Bloomberg looks like he's just
a you know Trump light it's I don't see
CNN backing Bloomberg he's got too much
baggage that's a problem for the the
Democrat brand and for CNN's brand what
about Pete I think that Pete Buddha
judge
is the closest to CNN's brand but I
don't know if he can win so if you see
them seeming to lean toward repeat I
feel like that's when they've admitted
they're not going to win because I think
they need to stay at least true to their
brand and to their you know to their
image and true the Democrats etc but I
don't know that Pete could win because
he doesn't have enough black support but
at least CNN could maybe help him try to
guess on so maybe there's a path there
for him anyway and somebody else in
mentioned that Bloomberg is literally
the competition for CNN
how could CNN want their competitors
their competitor to win the presidency
I'm pretty sure CNN doesn't want
Bloomberg a news agency a news news
competitor to to get that I'm gonna make
a prediction that if mayor Pete gets the
nomination and I'm not predicting you
will by the way so this is an if
prediction if he got the nomination that
he would evolve to be more Pro nuclear
evolve so so most it's not uncommon for
people to evolve toward the center once
they get the nomination and I think
Peabody jej who I believe he's been a
little timid on nuclear I think he wants
to maybe keep the ones we've got but not
build any new ones I think he would
evolve toward let's must be a little
more serious about building new safe
ones once he got nominated so here's a
good example of the bubble when Fareed
tweeted his own story in which he was
calling Sanders out for his magical
thinking on climate change
so Freed has 945 thousand followers on
Twitter when he tweeted it out a few
days ago he got 54 retweets now
you spent any time on Twitter you know
that if somebody who has nearly a
million followers tweets something out
and only gets 54 retweets that is not a
popular message so for read taking on
the magical thinking of Sanders on the
climate change just died so then I
tweeted out the same content so but I
tweeted it out you know directly from
the link
I didn't retweet for read I tweeted it
originally my tweet got 192 retweets in
one hour all right I've got three
hundred and eighty something thousand so
I've got I know something like 40% of
the number of followers as read by his
side doesn't like this message we got 54
retweets in like 3 or 4 days I got 192
in an hour so you can see the bubble in
those numbers right so because the
people that I tweet to of the people who
follow me were receptive to that message
they were like yeah let's hear about
let's hear about somebody knocking
Sanders
but when Farid does it no retweets
nobody wants to boost that signal so so
here's the thing for Reid and CNN's
message is getting will probably get I
don't know something like 5 to 10 times
more attention on the pro-trump side
then even on the CNN's base followers so
there's your buffle right there
so let's talk about the peace around the
world so there's a alleged Afghan peace
deal that people are talking about and
some people say it's optimistic and some
people say it isn't but there's anybody
really care about Afghanistan anymore
it I mean I care that we have troops
over there and it's costing us money but
I don't feel like I care that much so
who knows if that's going to work out
but it's good to know that there's
something like peace conversation coming
on the Iran peace deal
there's nowhere and peace deal but
President rouhani ever in is talking
about hey we could we could negotiate
with the United States they would just
have to agree that we're gonna get back
to the nuclear deal we had now that's
some interesting framing isn't it given
that that we just took out their top
general I mean think about this this is
remarkable it's fresh news that we just
killed the number two or I would argue
he really was the number one guy in Iran
because he had the weapons which was
Salah many just weeks after that the
president of ran is saying oh yeah we
could talk with the United States we you
know we just have to have this deal
structure and I'm thinking what in what
world does this make any sense
how do you take out one of their top not
one of but the top general the the main
military guy how do you kill him
publicly brag about it and then the
president of ran you know after their
little slap back which unfortunately did
lee sooman
some head injuries which i think we
should be concerned about but it was a
very muted response compared to what it
could have been how do we explain that
rouhani is talking nice after we just
killed their general how do you explain
that now of course we're not going to
buy back into the old nuclear agreement
but the fact that he would but even that
he would even suggest a completely
rational starting point not that we
should agree with it but it's a rational
thing for them to put out there I feel
as if they didn't want solemn any either
because everything we've seen after he
was killed suggested they wanted him
gone right because their their pushback
was purely symbolic we even though there
were injuries which is tragic and I
don't see a lot of reports of them do
more terrorists acts maybe they are
weird I'm not hearing about it so
there's something going on there that
doesn't make sense but it looks like a
good sign and of course the
israeli-palestinian peace deal is
floating around most people think that's
not going to happen but I think it
already did happen I think Israel
floated a plan or agreed with the United
States on a plan that doesn't require
the other side to agree so I would say
that you don't have to wonder if there
will be an israeli-palestinian peace
deal because it's just the current
situation you know the deal that Israel
is offering is the one they're just
going to take they're just going to
define their borders and act like the
deal is done and then the Palestinians
can do whatever they want to do they can
agree to it they can not agree with it's
just nobody nobody cares so it's this
weird situation where Trump has made us
simply sort of not care and then North
Korea I would argue has become
irrelevant from from being the biggest
threat we had to being yeah they don't
seem to be wanting to kill us and I
don't think they don't think we want to
kill them or at least we're not working
on it so we could kind of ignore each
other for a while
that seems better than where we were so
we have this weird situation where
there's a whole lot of sort of talking
about peace and and the the emphasis of
conversation seems to be on more
economic security issues where they need
to be all right so the funniest thing
that's happening recently is that in the
in the age of Trump Trump came up at a
time when the Democrats really really
gather around the idea of
intersectionality and you know divisive
racial and gender attacks so their
entire attack against Republicans but
mostly Trump was that he was a certain
kind of guy and they were
or virtuous they were the good ones and
he was the bad one and that works until
you have a lot of people running for the
Democratic candidate to see ya there
until you have a primary because when
the primary started that all the people
who left turned their guns on each other
and said what kind of weapons do we have
and they realized they kind of only had
one weapon they they didn't have anybody
making good economic arguments really
but they have just accusations of racism
and sexism so they turned it on each
other they turned all of their weapons
on each other and in so doing they've
proven that they can't they can't pass
their own standards now think about that
what kind of impact does that have on
the the the thinking of the public when
we watch the Democrats who had a set of
standards which you could argue were
holier than than yours
in other words yeah we we'd like to be
this super inclusive place like as an
ideal you know we'd like that that
sounds good but when you put it into
practice you know beyond the obvious
stuff that you have to get right you
know you can't discriminate on jobs and
cetera but once you get the obvious
stuff right and you're getting into more
the opinion and the subtlety and the
built-in stuff and it's not so obvious
and it's it's you know background racism
and it's you know that sort of thing
once you get into the opinion part of it
it falls apart because there's no
standard that you can agree on and then
they can turn those weapons on each
other so I think the one of the weird
accidental outcomes of this this race
could be that the old way of attacking
may give way to something more
reasonable and maybe Fareed Zakaria is
is ahead of the pack there because he's
making an economic argument and in
making an argument against Trump that I
think
I think he is at least rational I mean
they could try being rational for a
while all right I think that's all the
fun we're having for today you know
people keep wanting clover char to to
suddenly make you know the the surge to
the top of the pack so she's done she's
done a great job I would say that I
could say I have a lot of respect for
Club HR as a as a politician I think
she's done a really good job with what I
call that
The Tortoise strategy of just staying
out of trouble and letting everybody
else assassinate each other in the
primaries and by simply not having a
gigantic flaw and everybody else does
all the other candidates have you know
they have lots to offer but also
gigantic flaws and since the primaries
are mostly about people getting hammered
from their flaws she's kind of flying
flying under the into the radar a little
bit but she's so unexcited I mean she's
super uninteresting and maybe we're in
it we're in a period of the world where
you just have to be interesting maybe
it's not an option anymore
all right so we'll see what happens and
that's all for now
talk to you tomorrow