[Music]
yes as the shades go down
you and I get to enjoy this sacred time
in the morning and what I say is sacred
Oh
I mean sacred yes I do because we get to
enjoy the simultaneous that I almost
feel sorry for the people who aren't
here they do not get to enjoy the
simultaneous it and it's so sad because
there's so little that they need in
order to enjoy it how much do they need
well all they need is a cup or a mug or
a glass of tankard chelators Titanic
empty Joker flask a vessel of any kind
fill it with your favorite liquid I like
coffee enjoyed me now for the
unparalleled pleasure the dopamine here
the day the thing that makes everything
better
including the damn pandemic it's called
the simultaneous epitaph is now go this
is my imagination or my zinc levels
rising right now feels like it so here's
a little insight so we've been talking
about hydroxychloroquine and the
president taking it and I've mentioned a
number of times that the studies they
show at being used without zinc maybe
they as if they're mice it matters too
but if you test it without the zinc
you're testing it without the active
part so of course that doesn't work but
I'm starting to see some indications
unreliably I'll put that unreliably part
in front and I'll put it on the back as
well
unreliably that it might be the zinc
that's the only part that matters so it
might be the hydroxyl chloroquine was
always just a fake-out it was only the
fact that it was paired with the zinc it
might be just the zinc so I'm seeing
some people talking about that online
but again I will bookend this with
unreliable unreliable everything here
about
therapeutic vaccines vitamins minerals
you just assume every bit of it is
unreliable because it is none of it is
reliable but keep an eye on zinc I'm
going to say that that has caught my
attention all right
this Joe Rogan moved to Spotify I'm
trying to decide how big a deal this is
now obviously it's a real big deal for
him I'm delighted that he he made that
work Joe Rogan I often talk about as one
of my examples of a talent stack done
right if you were to look at each of Joe
Rogan's individual skills you would say
to yourself oh that one's that was
really good you know that was pretty
great you know then that one's good that
was great but you wouldn't find that one
specific thing that he does better than
all the people in the world
well you'd find instead is about 25
things that he does better than just
about everybody if you could do 25
things better than just about everybody
you get to be Joe Rogan and you know
probably have a hundred billion dollar
payday so what I say he does 20 things
25 things well I'm talking about
everything from and to be honest you
have to manage your look if you're on a
video thing he does that well he's got a
great look you know that works for what
he does he's got a whole bunch of skills
he can talk about he's you know he's
he's funny
he's good on video he does stand-up he
knows how to work you know in an
interview obviously knows how to deal
with people it was about a whole bunch
of topics I mean I don't know how many
skills he put together but it's probably
something like 25 different sub skills
that he stacked together just over time
you could just see him building up the
you know the power level over time but
here's what here's what really impresses
me about it aside from the fact that he
strategically managed his career better
than I know better than everybody
you know has anybody ever done it better
than that because you know if you look
at other stuff like you know Facebook or
you know somebody starts a social media
platform quite often there's a big piece
of luck involved or you know somebody
was gonna make a Facebook the Facebook
and you know Zuckerberg was there but if
you look at Joe Rogan's career I mean he
just carved that out of a rock you know
that just wasn't there it wasn't gonna
happen on its own you know I think
social media platforms probably were
gonna happen you know somebody was gonna
make one and one of them would be the
better ones and but the you know the Joe
Rogan experience that just didn't have
to happen
he just carved that out of nothing so
that's just more impressive to me so
here's the interesting part that I'm
tracking I have a theory that one of the
biggest forces affecting the
civilization is known but
underappreciated and that is that our
attention spans are shrinking and our
attention spans are shrinking for the
obvious reasons right our digital our
digital devices give us a little quick
hits of dopamine to the point where I
actually timed and I told you this
before I timed how long it takes me to
turn on my regular legacy television and
wait for the prompts to come on and work
through them and find a show and it
takes about 18 seconds which I find
unbearable 18 seconds of just looking
for something to do while you're sitting
there is way longer than I'm willing to
wait because in 18 seconds I could have
5 to 10 dopamine hits from Twitter or I
could go to locals and get you know five
dopamine hits and fit in 18 seconds so I
would say that normal legacy stuff is no
longer competitive because our attention
spans have shrunk below the the baseline
that they can get my regular television
on a regular TV in my
just isn't that fast I don't know how
they're gonna make that fast enough but
I would say more generally the
advertising model is going to decline
quite a bit it won't disappear but the
problem is that I think advertiser is
going to notice it didn't make much
difference but they're not getting as
much benefit from advertising as they
hoped except for the kind of
advertisement where you're finding out
about something existing which always
works yes if you don't know something
exists you're not going to buy it
but among the generic stuff advertising
doesn't seem to make much difference and
so there's that but I think the
attention span part is the other so I
think things are going to move towards
subscription services and then here's
the big prediction digital warlords so
I'm going to make up that term and see
if it sticks
digital warlords so a digital warlord
would be now somebody who's interested
in war that I'm just using it as a
colorful term but rather somebody who
has a community that is defined usually
by a subscription
so now Joe Rogan is going from an
advertising model on wherever he is to
Spotify and I don't know exactly how
that's going to be handled I guess if
you're a member or maybe if you're not
you can watch it there but whatever the
deal is I think he's just being paid
directly by Spotify so he'll be leaving
I think I think he's leaving the
advertising model behind I - by going to
locals have a subscription model that
I'm pursuing and what happens in both
cases is you end up walling off the
people who care from the people who are
just trolls which is a gigantic
breakthrough if you're if you're creator
having any kind of environment where the
people who want to be there are there
and the people who are just trolls
aren't there it's sort of like heaven so
I would not be surprised to see more
sort of digital tribes if you will
Tribes of preference people say yeah I'd
like to I'd like to be behind that big
wall pay a few bucks a month and be part
of that thing so I've got a feeling that
depending on who the personalities are
and what the purpose of forming these
little digital warlord fiefdom
you know they don't have any power
they're just maybe influence it could be
a big deal imagine if you would somebody
putting together a subscription base
that a million people in it you know if
you had a million subscribers to your
online whatever your content you would
have a lot of influence over stuff
because you could make anything viral
all you'd have to do is say here's my
tweet and your million subscribers would
say I'll retweet that I like this person
so kind of look for that that that's my
prediction that you'll see you'll see
community slash tribes behind
subscription services where there's like
entire power bases built up how much
does that matter well let me give you
two examples today in the news we find
out that the president has signed an
executive order to look into the
regulations that got temporarily
canceled for the coronavirus to see how
many of them should stay canceled now
one of the ones on the list is allowing
telemedicine across state lines now if
you've been with me since the beginning
of the crisis you know that that came
from this so the idea to drop that
restriction of telemedicine across state
lines happened because I happen to be
aware of that issue because my own
startup one hub tribe we dealt with that
so I just happen to be aware of it as a
big deal so because of you the audience
you allowed me to have higher visibility
so my visibility in the world is
completely dependent on how many of you
there are
you're the ones making the you know
making this a thing you're the ones who
retweet me you're the ones who basically
give it all the energy because you gave
it energy that allowed me to have a a
channel if you will through Jonah
Shumate who was helping me connect the
good ideas that were coming through me I
wasn't coming up with them all but a lot
of people were suggesting things to me
and then Jonah who had watched this
periscope and he's associated with I'm
sorry he's working in the office of
Representative Crawford and so he was
helping me get the good ideas to the
people who are asking for good ideas and
in the middle of in the beginning of a
crisis the people in charge are really
looking for ideas like okay you have an
idea anybody so it was a perfect time
for good ideas to get to the right place
and the the telemedicine idea came from
this experience you know through Jonah
Jonah set it up to Mark Meadows Mark
Meadows had good idea it's on the list
and next thing you know telemedicine is
legal across state lines boom how big a
deal is that might be a gigantic deal I
mean that's the sort of deal that could
change the entire cost structure of
healthcare that's how big a deal it is
and I'm not sure it would have happened
without the crisis and without you know
without noticing that there was this
little crease of opportunity and I you
know I aimed for the crease because I
thought okay this is you you can see
that there's this little crack you know
in reality where if I can get through it
this telemedicine thing you might be
sticky might be able to make this change
you know otherwise regulations and I
don't the AMA who I don't know who else
would be involved with it but obviously
it wasn't going to happen on its own so
somebody said New York is not allowing
telemedicine you
nothing's easy is it all right so here's
another example
mark Snyder was pointing out recently
and I noticed as well that Jack Dorsey
co-founder of Twitter tweeted out an
article about the Department of Energy
started a new office of nuclear energy
project so there
so the government is basically putting
in 230 million dollars to to boost
generation for the so-called new
generation of nuclear development that
will be resistant pretty much impossible
to melt down at least melt down in the
normal way that that you think about it
so they'll be designed that if they fail
they just stop working
which is the big problem with current
nuclear designs if they fail they they
can release radiation and be bad for the
neighborhood but the new designs would
be designed that if they stopped working
they just stopped working which is a
good thing and they could be designed to
be modular and smaller and have a whole
bunch of you know cost and safety
benefits that would be way beyond
anything that we're looking at the
current generations which are actually
also pretty safe generation 3 I think is
at zero problems and that's the current
generation anyway here's this story
about this that so mark is speculating
and I think this is reasonable that
maybe Jack's exposure to generation four
and the fact that he would retweet that
article probably I don't know probably
is too strong but you may have heard it
from here because I know jack watches
this sometimes so if you're watching
Jack hi now what's interesting about
this is that not only is of course
anything that Jack tweets is going to
make news because because it's Jack but
he would be associated more with you
would imagine in your own biased of
thinking you and imagine that Jack would
be associated
the political left now I would say
that's probably not let me see I hate to
categorize anybody else's opinion so I
want to be really careful the way I said
I would say that trying to pigeonhole
Jack into a category would be a mistake
and that he is in the category of free
thinkers who I believe would just follow
the follow the data so if the data
excuse left I think he'd go there if the
data happens to be compatible with
something on the right but the data is
of the data
I think he'd go there now you can't say
that about a lot of people you know I
would say that about Joe Rogan
I'll just to throw him back in the
conversation I believe Joe Rogan is
neither left nor right but would look at
an argument and would judge it and go
where the argument takes them I don't
think there are a lot of people in the
world who do that try to do that or even
can do that you know navall rava Conte
you'd be another example I would always
trust the Vall to look at the whole
field look at the data and then make a
decision that you know common sense and
reason and wisdom and and and data taken
to I would never expect any of the guys
I just mentioned to just go left or
right because that's where the team is
they just don't do that you know sort of
itches another one can you imagine sort
of it's just taking a team side no just
just not part of his makeup he's gonna
follow the information have his own
opinion so I would say the Jackson that
category of a fairly small group of
people that you could depend on to just
look at the argument and then yeah Matt
Taibbi there's another good example Matt
Taibbi you could depend on to just look
at the whole field so what's the big
deal about this is that you know I've
been trying to educate people watching
this periscope about generation for most
of that comes from March nighters work
and maybe it made a difference so maybe
this is another example we don't know
I mean Jack reads lots of stuff so he
may have he may have known about this
from others
and just thought it was interesting but
there's a good chance that what we're
doing a year to educate all of you is
having an effect right so yeah we can't
it's it's a legitimate to trace any one
thing back to you know one source
because it's a big world with lots of
variables but I like to think that we
were productive at the very least
productive in getting the generation
four message out so thanks to Mark
Snyder changing the world I like that
little the old saying you know the the
pessimist says well one person one
person can change the world what can I
do just one person I can't change the
world and then the smarter person says
the only way the world has ever been
changed is by one person it's always
that way one person always changes the
world because it starts somewhere the
things don't start with a thousand
people they always start with one so you
know if you want to be the the pessimist
you can say that one person can't change
the world if you want to be the optimist
that just gave you two examples where it
happened maybe alright here's my
favorite story of the day this is from a
tweet from Trump I think this is today
or yesterday Roger stone has been
treated very unfairly so it's not the
first part of the tweet that's funny
it's wait for the end part so the first
part is just is set up Roger stone has
been treated very unfairly how about
that jury 401 does anybody think that
was fair disgraceful
stay tuned for Fox News and guys and
then he says and guys like low ratings
psycho Joe Scarborough are allowed to
walk the streets open the cold case a
cold case so if you don't know what that
story's about Joe Scarborough and the
alleged cold case Jake Tapper tweeted
the president's tweet and gave you some
context so Jake says yet again the press
it uses the death of Laurie kizuite sis
28
I guess she died at age 28 to attack Joe
Scarborough in 2001 she fainted hitting
her head an autopsy revealed a heart
condition there's no cold case it's a
tragedy
he cruelly exploit exploits indecent now
I won't weigh in on the opinion if this
is cruel exploitation or indecent
because we're in the political season
and it's hard to think of anything that
isn't is there anything in this whole
political race that isn't indecent to
think cruel I mean Pelosi just called
Trump morbidly obese yesterday which
surprisingly I saw a write-up that says
he that says he's actually only just a
few pounds into the obese category
because he's so tall he can handle it he
can handle the weight yeah better than
most people so there's only barely into
the you know you should lose you know
good ten or twenty pounds would be good
for him I think according to his doctor
but he's not morbidly obese so so weird
I think we're in a world in which people
will say absolutely anything so you know
Don Jr used the the pedophile world word
against Jose against Joe Biden and of
course there's no evidence or even an
allegation of that but it's you know and
he didn't mean it seriously either yeah
it was obvious he didn't mean it in the
literal sense but we're in that world
where people will say absolutely
anything about anybody but and once
you've learned that there's no limit on
what ridiculous things you can claim why
would you stock with something that's
only a little bit ridiculous right so
this is one of the presidents great
skills I talked about finding free money
and picking it up if you know you live
in the world where the other side can
say you know the steel dossier might
have been real that's the world he lives
in
trumpet did not make the roux
there was no point at which Trump said
all right let's service agree on the
rules do you think it's okay to make
wildly ridiculous claims that are even
involving illegalities and jail time
terms and everything do you think that
would be okay
he never was in that conversation it
just became the standard if you're
playing a game and someone else has said
here are their rules and then you play
with those rules as someone else
established are you indecent well you'd
be indecent if you made those rules if
you are the one who came up with it in
the first place or the first one to act
and decently you'd have something to
answer to I think so I think it would be
fair to say that if you were the one who
introduced the idea of going too far and
making ridiculous you know legal
allegations against people based on no
evidence whatsoever if you're the one
who started it yeah I think you'd have
some explaining to do but I don't think
he started it I think he simply said
well what are the rules of the game I'm
gonna play this game can somebody
explain the rules all right all right
wait you're telling me I can say
absolutely anything I can just make
stuff up I can make an allegation to
somebody murdered and raped and you know
genocide anything and the answer is yep
you can say absolutely anything in a
political context apparently there's
just no no restrictions whatsoever not
only that but if you were to
artificially limit yourself and the
other side did not you can't even win so
it's not only not only is he playing by
the rules he's playing by the only rules
that can win the hard rules you know the
ones where you can say anything so and
so he and so he is so I just look at
this as funny because when Trump accuses
Joe Scarborough of this and I should say
as clearly as possible
I would imagine you know I wasn't there
but I would imagine that Jake's framing
of this is accurate meaning that it
probably is true that there's nothing
that would suggest a crime even happened
much less than anybody in particular was
associated with it so I think it's true
that there's literally nothing there but
the fact that the president calls it a
cold case you have to know that's tongue
in cheek right its tongue in cheek
because a he knows people will believe
it B might make a difference I mean in
terms of you know the the back and forth
of how people feel about things it might
change people's opinion of Joe of Joe
Scarborough so the fact that he would be
so ballsy to throw in the suggestion
that Scarborough murdered a young woman
in his office so yeah I don't know how
you could take it too seriously but
somebody will
somebody's gonna believe that really
happened all right let's say so here's
an interesting story
so dr. Carroll it's a man's name Carroll
ka ro L Sakura he's an oncologist and
former chief of the World Health
Organisation's cancer program so he's
looking at the data from around the
world where the some of the lockdowns
have ended and he is puzzled he is
puzzled because if you look at where the
lockdowns ended and people have gone
back to work the death rate is not
spiking and apparent according to him he
says it's a it's as though something has
changed meaning there's something that's
keeping the virus from raging it says so
something has changed and none of us can
explain why did you remember when Trump
made that statement he's been
continually mocked for that we might say
the virus just go away and people said
that doesn't happen viruses don't just
go away
and then there was some other famous
virologist who said the same thing he
said you know sometimes these things
just go away and and here's the funny
thing you don't know why so even the top
experts say they don't know why any
virus goes away they know it does no
somebody's saying herd immunity but
apparently the experts do not say that
apparently viruses go away with you
doesn't think much herd immunity so if
that's not the the primary thing there's
always some but apparently that's not
the explanation it's part of the story
but I guess we don't know why some
viruses just go away if I had to
speculate I well I will speculate I'm
going to speculate that some people are
more likely to get any particular virus
and there could be the you reach herd
immunity at like this is just
speculation with no background
whatsoever it could be that for some
kinds of viruses you reach a an
effective herd immunity that may be 30
percent infected now if everybody could
get every virus 30 percent wouldn't stop
anything but if it turns out that
viruses can affect some people and sort
of not affect others maybe 30 percent is
enough so maybe there's some mystery
like that that's just speculation don't
take that seriously but I love the fact
that all we after everything we've
learned and studied and all the experts
and everything that we could do the one
thing that everybody agrees should make
the death rate go up a hundred percent
of experts agree they're loosening the
restrictions on travel and everything
you should make the death rate go up but
maybe it's not what if it doesn't so
this is what I've been telling you for
the last day or two in two weeks if if
things if everything's loosened up and
in two weeks the death rate either
declines a little bit or stays flat it's
over
we're back to work because you're not
going to be able to keep anybody home if
after a few weeks of loosening up
there's no change in the data in terms
of worsening if it's not worsening two
weeks from now I think if things are
gonna open up now when I say things are
gonna open up I don't think large events
are gonna happen right away you know but
things like school for example and go to
work and open your restaurant but do
things smart I think all that's gonna
come together pretty quickly if this
holds which is we don't know why but the
rates are not going up as much as
possible here's my best guess about why
the rates are not going up it's not much
of a guess actually it was another study
team of scientists non-kin kong they did
some tests with I don't hamsters or
something and they determined that
wearing masks is 75% effective it
reduces droplets by 75%
doesn't it seem to you that with all the
masks people are wearing and the
attention they're giving to social
distancing that and also learning what
the worst things are we've learned now
that if you're around somebody who's
singing or talking loudly for a long
time you're gonna get it you now have an
excuse not to be around loud talkers if
you've got a loud Howard and you're into
your life you know that person who just
talks too loudly all the time apparently
they're the spreaders if you had it you
could probably live with somebody
it was a soft talker and didn't talk
much I I'll bet you know Christina could
have the coronavirus tomorrow but
because she doesn't talk much and she's
a soft to talker there wouldn't be much
coming out of her mouth but apparently
the the loud talkers and the and the the
choir singing so if they're singing
involved apparently there's more volume
and you could be a super spreader just
by being a loud talker so just knowing
that knowing that if you stay out of
those specific environments you know
probably nobody caught the kuru Navarre
at the beach this weekend duh don't you
think they just doesn't nobody got it at
the beach I'll bat I'll bet there was
something close to zero transmission of
all the people who went to the beach all
weekend so now that we know stuff like
that and of course every fact that I
give you is subject to being changed
tomorrow learning new things but don't
you think that between mass being 75
percent effective and that we've all
learned what to do and what not to do
for a while I wouldn't be surprised if
we could go back to work and keep
infections dropping all that we can so
I've got a feeling you're going to see
nonstop good news for the next few weeks
I'm watching the Susan Rice story about
parently we've got new new documents or
something and it turns out that Comey
was selling the idea of general Flynn
being maybe suspiciously tied to Russia
based on the fact that they had more
communication than Comey expected that
they would keeping in mind that these
are people who have to work together in
a few months because that's the job that
Flynn has and that's the job that kids
liiike has they they're they were doing
the most normal thing in the world which
is getting ready for them to you know
getting ready for the new administration
and these are the very people who would
be talking now is that a good reason to
suspect somebody being a spy because let
me ask you this if it's your job to talk
to somebody you know in another
organization or country and you talk to
them a lot would that be an example of
doing your job well would it be an
example of not doing your job or would
it be an example of being a Russian
asset I'm pretty sure that if you talk a
little bit more than normal to the
person who it's your job to talk to and
wouldn't it be
if you had more communication not less
that's more of an indication of doing a
good job do you remember I told you
about the new CEO move when Pence and
Trump were first elected but not yet
sworn in there was a few months there
and Trump already started to bring jobs
back he wasn't even on the job it was
the new CEO move where he went - I guess
Ford and carrier tried to talk him into
keeping jobs I don't know how successful
it was but it left the left the
impression that Trump and pence were
jobs jobs jobs we're gonna give you jobs
even before work or on the job I'm not
even gonna take a paycheck and I'm I'm
gonna be so fast on this job stuff I'm
all over it with the jobs so if you
watch Flynn doing exactly the same thing
that I praised at the time as somebody
doing the job before the job even starts
yesterday on last night in periscope
somebody was asking me about how to do a
job interview I didn't give you this
advice but it's great advice one way to
get a job is to just do it without
getting paid you know if you're let's
say you're working at your corporate job
and you're doing your regular job but
the job you want is some other job a
better job just start doing it do your
own job and our weekends nights spare
time whatever and just start doing the
other job because you're that you're
gonna be the obvious person to be
promoted into it if you're already doing
it at least a little bit so I have
nothing but the utmost respect for
people who start their job before they
start their job if you ask me who's the
superstar in the administration the one
who waited for inauguration day or the
one who started hard on day one on the
top priority rushes kind of a top
priority right you know it's at the top
three probably for that kind of job and
so if the guy hit the ground running
worked extra hard before he was even
getting a paycheck let's send him to
jail for that that's what happened he
was a guy who did extra work before he
got his paycheck on exactly the right
priority and they almost sent him to
jail for it
unbelievable anyway so I don't know if
we'll ever have enough of a smoking gun
that Obama or Susan Rice or anybody
we're gonna have to you know answer to
it I don't think so I think I think it
will end in murkiness where it is and
then everybody will just retreat to
their side so howard kurtz
who talks about media and fox news and
elsewhere he was talking about the fact
that the the the polls don't move no
matter what happens in the real world
that no matter what Biden does no matter
what Trump does the polls come out and
they're just bouncing around in the same
little narrow level it's as if it's as
if our preferences for voting are
completely now disconnected from the
candidates and he makes a good case
because literally no matter what happens
the poll numbers don't change and
there's some stuff happening here's one
example that Howard Kurtz gives in his
article about something that you would
expect to change the polling but it
didn't and it says he talked about Trump
the quote proudly announcing that he's
taking hydroxychloroquine against the
advice of most medical experts and that
you know he said if that doesn't turn
public opinion then Trump must be
invulnerable now the size sentence
capture what really happened would you
say that a good description of events is
that the president proudly announced
that he's taking hydroxychloroquine
against the advice of most medical
experts number one the word it proudly
is your tip-off from mind-reading did
the president say it proudly did you
pick up proudly did you detect that
because I didn't
I I detected matter-of-factness I
detected him talking in terms of risk
management certainly there was a
political dimension but did you see
proudly see that that's one of those key
words that just says ah whatever follows
and the rest of this sentence can be
safely ignored alright because if you
start out with a mind-reading word it's
like alright i'm i've now connected to
his mind okay yeah i could see some
pride in there about the
hydroxychloroquine okay let us go on oh
no you don't need to go on
once somebody admits there they're
engaged in mind-reading stop reading
there's nothing that follows the word
proudly that could possibly help you but
here's the rest of the sentence these
proudly using it against the advice of
most medical experts now is that a true
statement yes that is a true statement
is against the advice of most medical
experts it is not against the advice of
the president's own doctor the
president's own doctor said yeah if you
if you want it
risk management makes sense go ahead
we're monitoring you so it's not like a
regular person don't you think it was
important to mention that the
president's own doctor was okay with it
do you think it would be important to
notice how many people on the front line
who are medical doctors are using it do
you think it would be important to note
that something like a quarter of all
doctors would and that it's an off-label
use so any off-label use is going to be
seventy five percent of doctors think
it's a bad idea you know that's an
exaggeration but the point is if it's an
off-label use you're not going to get
everybody to agree what would be the
other example of an off-label use where
all the doctors are on the same page
probably not a lot of them might be a
few so here's my and he also
talks about Joe Biden having a
complicated life and oh well this is
something else
so there's another story on CNN I think
it was talking about Tara Reid the
accuser of Joe Biden and it was saying
how she has a complicated life and there
are conflicting accounts that muddle the
efforts to understand Tara Reid's
allegation against Joe Biden in other
words CNN hired two women to research
and write an article the fact that
they're both women is important to the
story because Biden was accused by a
woman and the two women go through Tara
Reid's background trying to paint a
picture that maybe she's not the most
reliable witness so it's basically just
a takedown of a witness real nice
because what about that credibility by
the way you know the the whole all women
should be believed but we believe Joe
Biden this time blah blah I feel like
the way we should be talking about that
is credibility which is different than
main true something it can be credibly
reported and then you find that it's not
true but it was still Preda below found
at the time and I think that with these
these accusations you should say that
the accuser is credible if the accuser
is credible Tara Reid I think is
credible and and then but then you
should also be able to say that if the
accused has a pretty good defense you
can say that's credible too there's
nothing wrong with saying that both the
accuser and the accused have credible
stories only one of them is true at most
they could both not be true but only one
of them is true at most but they could
both be credible and I think you just
you'll leave it there you can be
credible turned out you're wrong but you
could still be credible all right so
here's my larger point it seems to me
that Howard Kurtz and most of the world
is looking at it as still a contest
between two candidates but I think it's
ceased being a contest between two
candidates some time ago instead it
became a contest between the the news
media versus the other news media and so
I would propose this the reason that no
matter what the candidates do doesn't
move the polling what howard kurtz the
way he described that is that people
have just go onto their team and it
doesn't matter what their team goes
wrong they're just gonna be on their
team so there's lots of evidence for
that so i'd say that the howard kurtz
interpretation is a credible one meaning
that it does look like it's just team
play in politics and and we are ignoring
the flaws of our preferred candidate to
emphasize the flaws of the other ones
and that's all that's happening maybe
maybe that's all that's happening I
would like to give this a different spin
the reason that things don't move
because the candidate no matter what the
candidates do is that the other side
never hears it it doesn't matter what
Joe Biden does if his team isn't aware
of it right that they just don't see the
same reporting as the other side so I
would argue that we're not we're no
longer in a system in which you have
something like democracy and something
like the candidates making their best
case and then the public listening to
the candidates and then the public
making a decision based on the
candidates that's probably what it used
to be but today this is absolutely
nothing but a massive brainwashing
operation and you've got two massive
brainwashing entities competing so
you've got the the left main stream
media CNN MSNBC who are doing this
massive brainwashing operation if they
succeed it literally doesn't matter to
the candidate this do I need to prove
that it doesn't matter who the candidate
is because the candidate is Joe Biden do
I need anymore
no evidence that it doesn't matter who
the candidate is that's pretty
conclusive isn't it do you need to
there's no questions left if Joe Biden
as the candidate is good enough then
it's not about the candidate we are not
in a world where the candidate matters
think about that we drifted into a world
where the actual quality of the
candidate is not a variable because it's
not it's not you could replace either
candidate with anybody and their poll
numbers would be frickin identical
anybody now you've got the two most
different weird candidates in the world
I mean we've never seen anything like
this there's nothing like Trump we've
never seen anything like that but
there's also nothing like Biden somebody
decomposing in their own basement on the
edge of death who's leading in the polls
to be the next president of the United
States there's no way this has to do
with the candidates anymore
we've completely left that world it is
just the you know the persuasive power
of the right entities and the persuasive
power of the left-leaning entities and
that's the battle the actual candidate
you can substitute them and it wouldn't
matter now of course because we only
talk about the candidates and their
opinions and their personalities and
stuff it seems the opposite but that's
the magic trick to boost bolster my my
speculation here's an example so Frank
Bruni brunei writing for the New York
Times says this and look out direct this
is to my point
so Frank Bruni says please tell me why I
should care whether Joe Biden is
declining mentally what let me read that
first sentence again please tell me why
I should care whether Joe Biden is
declining mentally when President Trump
bought him down morally long ago he goes
I'm serious
I'd rather drink milk past its
expiration date
than arsenic so here's a Biden supporter
who's saying directly and in public that
he's supporting something somebody with
declining mental ability and that he's
happy about it
meaning that he prefers it over the
alternative because here's the
alternative that Donald Trump bought him
down morally long ago now suppose that
was true what if that was true let's say
it was true that his interpretation that
Trump bottomed out morally long ago
wouldn't that indicate that we would see
the the impact of that morally bottoming
out by now in other words would your
taxes be higher because Trump allegedly
bottomed out morally a long time ago
remember he's saying that what happened
a long time ago so if there are impacts
from all this morally bottoming out we'd
be seeing them now did we did Trump not
close the airport on time from China
because he was a morally challenged no I
think he got that right right did Trump
not cut the regulations that were
limiting us during the crisis did he did
he fail to cut some regulations because
he had morally bottomed out I don't
remember that story I think he just cut
regulations really quickly did did we
not get ventilators on time because the
President had morally bottomed out I
don't remember that story I feel like we
got ventilators and more than we needed
and just go down the line you pick any
topic trade deal taxes you name it the
Supreme Court find me one example where
the events of the world were the
decisions of the president somehow would
correspond to this horrible problem that
he had morally bottomed out what exactly
was that can you give me an example of
that now I get it that you don't like
his person
and his character I get it we've heard
you say that but can you give me an
example of how that how that affected me
you know can I have a choice of somebody
who you know like I can't see into his
soul so I don't know if there's anything
dark in his inner soul in his mind but I
like low taxes
I like being tough with China you know
give me an example of where where things
went wrong so the fact that Frank Bruni
Bruni Rudy I wish I could pronounce his
name so I apologize if I'm saying wrong
the fact that he would say out loud that
he would pick a somebody in a declining
mental state in his own words declining
mentally and he says why should he care
holy cow
but he goes on so as soon as more of
this Frank to Brunei stuff let's say
that oh and you're saying that Trump has
bottomed down
morally and here's an example so so
here's how you know that's a big problem
the Trump bought him that morally so
listen to this he's the example is that
that Trump said recently that Biden
quote has absolutely no idea what's
happening Trump also said quote he
doesn't know he's alive so Trump is
questioning the mental ability of Joe
Biden and that's an example of Trump's
low moral standards in the same article
the very first sentence the author of
the article Frank Bruni question did Joe
Biden's mental ability I'm not even
making this up
I mean I'm reading it to you right here
so the statement is that anybody who had
questioned Joe Biden's mental acuity is
being morally low and the author does
that in his first sentence
questions Joe Biden's mental acuity in
the first sentence and that that's his
best example of what's wrong with Trump
is the thing he did it in his first
sentence now if you're telling me that
these people have a great awareness of
their own actions I would say maybe not
I'm being told in the comments that the
pronunciation is bruni I hope that's
right and then Frank Bruni goes on to
talk about Biden and he says quote
besides the precise agility of his mind
has nothing nothing to do with the
fundamental decency of his values at the
end of the day and by the way anybody
who says at the end of the day they
should no longer be writers you should
be you should have to be you should have
to change professions if you ever use
this this sentence in public writing at
the end of the day that's your writers
tip of the day the the most hacked
writing in the world uses the phrase at
the end of the day I mean really you
couldn't find another way to express
that all right at the end of the day
Biden can be trusted to do what Trump
didn't and won't quote meaning the stock
his administration with qualified
professionals now is that true is that
true do you think that Trump has not
stalked his administration with
qualified professionals I would say he's
got I would say Steve minuchin is a
superstar I would say that all of the
departments seem to be doing their jobs
for the most part I got some questions
about the FDA I would say that I would
say that
Pompeyo is great I would say that I
think you could name a whole bunch of
people who were actually really really
good
couldn't you I would put Jared on the
list as being a superstar I don't know
I've got a feeling that you could pick
apart any administration and you could
find a number of
political hires aren't they're always
political hires it's sort of built into
the process I don't know the Trump is
doing any better or worse in terms of
staffing that's just an opinion well
what would be your yeah well Perdue okay
so there yeah so I'm not gonna argue
that the Trump administration had all
superstars but is it really different I
mean could you really do you think you
could objectively look at the the people
that Trump has hired and cycled through
and fired and rehired do you think that
you could really put any any
administration up against any other and
that one would look like the
incompetently staffed one I feel like no
I feel like they would all look like
here's my guess I feel like every
administration is probably 70% effective
people and maybe 30% political you know
I had to return a favor but that's also
how you get elected if you haven't taken
some political favors you probably
didn't get elected so we sort of also we
all just sort of wince and say yeah I
hate that part but they all do it it's
how they got elected it's fairly
transparent you know when a when a big
donor becomes a cabinet head yeah Peter
Navarro I'd say he's a star make a good
example so I don't know that this claim
holds up it would be interesting if
there was any I don't know if there's
any way to actually prove it but it all
comes down to a very subjective
statement that you know some group of
people are less talented than others we
don't know that that's completely
unknowable if you're not there you know
you don't really know so and this really
sums it up all right so my hypothesis is
the candidates have stopped mattering
and it's just a brainwash competition
between the the left media and the right
media
and I will put a bow on that point by
talking about date Oliver Darcy he's
with CNN so Oliver Darcy is tweeting
about the fact that the Fox News hosts
had a variety of opinion on the
president taking hydroxychloroquine
which we know to be true so it's a true
fact that the Fox News hosts have talked
about it differently
I'm ambiguous Lee they've talked about
it differently but they've also had
experts on who also talked about it
differently so Darcy writes us Fox can't
get its story straight wot can't get its
story straight what's that mean did I
just describe a network thick quote
can't get its story straight what does
that mean should there be one story
why can't Neil Cavuto have a different
opinion than Laura Ingraham is that not
allowed why couldn't Tucker have a
different opinion than somebody on the
five if he does don't know if he does
why can't they do that and the fact that
a CNN person would start with the very
first sentence Fox can't get its story
straight doesn't that indicate that if
you work at CNN wait for it yes
somebody's already had of me wait for it
isn't he telling us fairly directly that
at CNN they have to get their story
straight what does that be yeah what
does it mean to get your story straight
well the context he's offering is that
everybody says the same thing I believe
he's admitting in public that Fox has a
diversity of opinions and CNN does not
present a diversity of opinions
apparently by choice he's saying it
directly easy if you use the the phrase
get your stories straight
as a criticism of the competing Network
how do you not interpret that as CNN
works hard to get their story straight
and again since the story is opinion you
know whether you should or should not
you know say something or do something
with ID rocks chloroquine it's really
opinion story given that the experts
have different opinions and we know that
should you get your opinions straight I
think see that just admitted that
they're not even in the business of news
and that seems like a pretty direct
admission so that's fascinating all
right yeah all right let me see if
there's anything else to talk about here
fill the kirpan keer p.m. and that's an
interesting string of tweets and he's
talking about the fact that the the
elderly are still the main people dying
so even today on May 20th we've known
now for how many months have we known
that age is the biggest risk factor
we've known that since correct me
January have we known since January that
this virus really attacks the the
elderly like super super hard we've
known that right how long have we been
talking about the strategy of super
protecting the elderly and then letting
the younger people take more of a risk
we've been talking about that for months
and yet today the elderly the very group
that we've identified and everybody
agrees there's no no conversation on
this everyone agrees these are the most
dangerous at risk group and we're not
protecting them now I have to think that
people are doing a lot of stuff there
must be a lot of activity going on to
try to protect them but we're failing
can you believe that
after three months of knowing exactly
who's at risk exactly I mean you could
you could list unless a guy here's 185
years old you're at risk we know who's
at risk at the highest risk and we're
still not protecting that what's up with
that is it is there something about the
nature of the virus there's just too
hard
maybe there's maybe you can try as hard
as you can and you just can't get it
done but today still still they're dying
at the at the Wraith are dying do you
know what the right do you know what the
correct rate of death from coronavirus
should be for anybody over 80 if you're
over 80 what should be your death rate
from coronavirus in the United States
0-0 that's what it should be if there's
an 85 year old who's having any contact
with somebody who could have also had
contact with the coronavirus aren't we
doing it wrong isn't there some way you
can make sure that they don't have any
contact with the virus there's got to be
a way to do that clearly we're not
getting it done
all right so that's the that's the bad
news
but we don't like to end on bad news do
we we do not so recapping the good news
here it is you want to you're really
good news I'm gonna give you some real
direct reliable good news yesterday I
talked to the the most successful real
estate broker in my area so it's a
friend in the neighborhood is probably
the top real estate producer in my area
and as of last night I asked what's the
real estate market because I thought to
myself Oh real estate is gonna get
killed right don't you assume don't you
assume real estate is going to get
killed
goodbye troll
so I asked her what's happening with
real estate sales and guess what strong
as ever this week homes are being sold
for higher than asking price this week
so I've been Northern California just
for reference now in Northern California
you know where I am in the East Bay
outside of San Francisco where we're
sort of a Silicon Valley adjacent so
it's it's a lot of people who didn't
lose their jobs because a lot of you
know technology jobs they just worked at
home so you know I'm in an unusual area
and that we were unusually lightly
affected but could you imagine that
people are paying over the asking price
for homes this week this is not
mind-blowing doesn't that tell you that
the the economy is going to come back
faster of course it is yeah interest
rates are low so that makes a big
difference to somebody says our Beach
condo is on fire in Florida meaning lots
of demand yeah so here's what I expect
look at the stock market did you think
the stock market should be I don't know
what it's doing at the moment let me let
me just take a peek at it so I know if
I'm stock market's up so so it's it's up
sharply did you see that comment did you
see the stock market up sharply and home
prices selling above their asking prices
there's something happening here that's
a big deal now I gotta say I think
there's something about the Trump
administration that even people who
don't like Trump still think he can
goose the economy I feel like even his
haters in there in their secret moments
would say to themselves I hate
everything about this president but if
I'm being honest privately if I had to
pick one person in the history of
civilization
to be the president during this exact
situation meaning that somebody needs to
get the economy going
honestly I can't think of a better
choice you know and and you know I'm not
just cheerleading for the president
because I've also wasn't vicious in my
criticisms of the early crisis task
forces the reporting on them and a lot
of stuff about that so I've been vicious
about his communication his empathy etc
early on so I'm not just you know giving
him a free pass here but honestly he is
exactly the right person for this next
phase exactly and I say this all the
time and I believe I'm the only person
in civilization who holds this opinion
there's no such thing as a good
president that's my opinion there's no
such thing as a good president there is
only a lucky coincidence
between the the problems and the
situations of the time and the right
personality you know with the right
skill set you can have exactly the right
president for exactly the right problem
and we have that right now we did not
have exactly the right president for
exactly the right problem when it was
empathy and you're sort of caring for
the psychology of the country and saying
things that made you feel safe about you
know the medical situation and talking
about them and the most clinical ways as
opposed to getting people all worked up
about some drug that hasn't passed
enough tests so Trump was not the right
fit for that well man is he the right
fit for this next part don't you see it
this is this just me being crazy because
I feel like you couldn't pick a better
person for this by the way I just saw
Bloomberg's name go by in the comments I
only recently learned that Stacey Abrams
is working for some organization that's
funded by Bloomberg so is Stacey Abrams
Mike Bloomberg's play to run the country
because proves
you know a lot of politicians have at
least one billionaire that's sort of
their friend if you know what I mean
so his Stacey Abrams just a Mike
Bloomberg cutout and he is actually
still running for president but he's
going to do it by trying to get Stacey
Abrams as the vice president and then
Biden would be you know sort of less
important that's what it looks like
right it looks like a Mike Bloomberg
play to run the country that's my take
on it anyway I think the economy is
going to do great in 2021 and Beyond and
the golden age is coming we're gonna
have our generation for nuclear energy
you've got a OC saying that the green
new deal doesn't even have a price tag
rather it's a set of shared values do
you know what value I share with a OC
same ones you do turns out yeah I would
like cheap clean energy with no risk of
the planet overheating I don't know how
big the risk is but I'd like that to be
zero and I'd like to do it with
generation four nuclear and smarter
technology so maybe we're not so far
apart at all and maybe the Golden Age
starts now I'll talk to you tonight