[Music]
hey everybody come on
in still room it's a big digital world
you can all fit you just have to sit
close to each
other good morning good morning you know
those of you who are here quickly the
quick people the smart people the
good-look sexy
people you're here early because you
like enjoy the simultaneous Sip and it's
coming up now grab your cup grab your
mug your glass your container your Stein
your chalice your tankered your thermos
fill it with your favorite liquid I like
coffee and join me now for the
simultaneous
sip ah good stuff lot to talk about
today first of all um I will be giving a
tutorial a little bit later today on how
to be a professional writer so it's
going to be part of my series on uh
taking 20 minutes to teach you 80% of
what you need to know about something
you care about so that'll be a little
bit later today you don't need to know
the exact start time because since it
will just be a lesson it's actually
probably better if you just uh catch it
on the replay so it'll be posted for
everybody uh we'll put that on a podcast
and also on
YouTube and I'll tweet it around so you
won't miss it with some links so later
today look for my tutorial on how to be
a professional writer at least 80% of
what you need to know um in other
news uh you may have may be following my
startup whenhub we make the interface by
wi Hub app and we just got listed our
our crypto token
called the when whn just got listed on a
second crypto exchange now if you don't
follow the world of crypto that doesn't
mean anything to you if you do follow
the world of crypto that was a long way
of saying you wish you owned it
yesterday so last week was a good time
to own some when because I think it's
you know the last I checked I don't know
if it's still there but it's tripled in
value now when I say tripled in value
went from 1 cent to 3 Cent which is you
know sort of typical in the crypto World
um there are no guarantees it will keep
going up but the things you look for are
is it connected to a real company with a
real product yes um and is it getting on
exchanges and the answer is yes so we
just added our second exchange and there
is more coming up but we'll talk about
that a different
time let's talk about the president's
speech last night he had a great line
that I tweeted around uh and I I can't
reproduce it because the way he delivers
it is what makes it funny and I think
it's because it's him you know just oh
it's the two exchanges are La token and
hotbit H O
tbit um somebody just asked that
question uh so those are the two crypto
exchanges so the president's uh joke or
at least a laughing point it wasn't a
joke exactly in his speech yesterday and
he's so relaxed at this point have you
noticed that he he's sort of in the
pocket when he gives a speech these days
he looks so comfortable in his role as
president and in front of the public
it's it's fun watching him enjoy
himself in case he's had a couple of
good weeks especially but the thing he
said that was funny was he he mocked the
green new deal as he often does and then
he said talking about the 2020 election
he goes
uh he says if they beat me with a green
New Deal I deserve to lose and he just
laughs at it and what I love about this
is he's the greatest uh trash talker to
his competitors that there ever was
because it's one thing to have a good
reply for their best policy initiatives
or their most popular ones it's one
thing to be you know politically ready
it's another thing to Simply mock them
for their strongest their strongest
policy positions just to say it's so
ridiculous I I sure I sure hope they do
that uh he actually said he he hopes
they don't change their mind before the
election which was
hilarious I guess the President also is
asking the
public uh what they think of his 2020
slogan he's not convinced yet but he's
thinking of going with keep America
great uh I think it makes sense except
that the acronym is awful it's k a
KAG now it doesn't it doesn't feel right
it's just a terrible
acronym but I also believe that
Mega was a terrible terrible acronym
Mega literally sounds like a maggot I
mean I don't know what you think about
when you hear it but I never like I
never like the four words and you pray
you may have noticed that I don't use
magga if I can avoid it you probably
haven't heard me say it many times
unless I have to talk about it because
it's part of a story uh so I don't think
that the acronym should prevent him from
doing it because it didn't make the last
one bad and you know I think I think
it's the right Choice keep America great
let's talk about
Nadler so you all know uh Jerry Nadler
is the president's Nemesis who's
planning to launch a whole bunch of
lawsuits against the president and
pestor him to
death well it turns out there's a
backstory that I didn't know about now I
still don't know the details but this is
a fascinating bit of context for this
whole drama and the context is that
apparently Nadler has has been Trump's
Nemesis for over 20 years he's been his
Nemesis for Manhattan so I guess I don't
know the details I assume Trump wanted
to do things with building buildings in
Manhattan and maybe Nadler was trying to
stop him I don't know if it was that or
some other kind of business they had but
Nadler has been after Trump for 20 years
doesn't that change completely how you
see nadler's current actions you no
longer see them as an action of somebody
who is trying to do something for his
job it doesn't have anything to do with
this job he it's just a 20-year battle
that apparently Trump has according to
Trump has been winning uh winning for 20
years who knows how true that is but
that's Trump's version speaking of true
I watched a hilarious little clip of uh
Don Lemon and Chris Cuomo talking as
they often do they do the split screen
when they're transitioning from uh one
of their shows to the other and they
were talking about Trump failing the
fact checking and how they were
exhausted from checking all the facts
and how how his uh supporters don't
think that's important because those are
not the important facts anyway now
that's my feeling and of course I wrote
a book with that as my subtitle that the
that the facts don't matter now there
are two ways to look at this President
one way is he's a big old dumb liar who
says a lot of lies and they don't pass
the
factchecking so that's that's one view
of this President my view of this
President is that he's operating at a
higher level than most of us and by that
I mean he understands that the facts
literally don't matter they don't matter
to persuasion and I'm talking about the
small facts I'm not talking that about
the big facts such as there you know
there are people coming across the
border Isis does exist you know I'm not
talking about the big facts he gets
those right I'm talking about the little
stuff he gets all of that you know sort
of hyperbolically wrong meaning it's
sort of in the right direction he's
making a point he's telling a story it's
an anecdote you don't need to know about
the details because they kind of don't
matter they really don't matter
now he knows that and so he doesn't try
to fix it because he's not trying to fix
something that doesn't
matter if you start seeing him lying on
the big stuff you should get worried but
if he's if he's P if he's failing all of
the fact checks on the little stuff the
anecdotes the you know the the little
persuasion stuff don't worry about that
at
all but here's the funny part uh so when
Cuomo and LMO we're talking Cuomo is
talking about 2020 and about Trump and
he says Cuomo says that he can't see he
can't see Trump winning because the the
poll numbers are so bad and after kuo
says he can't see Trump winning Don
Lemon literally laughs he laughs and he
says have you seen what the Democrats
are
[Laughter]
doing now I'm going to give d credit all
right you know which maybe I don't do
that often
but but Chris guomo is running as fast
as he can into an invisible black uh
brick wall
again and at least Don Lemon sees it
coming this time I don't think Don Lemon
saw it coming on the first election but
this time he sees it coming and the
thing that the thing that I think Don
Lemon understands that that maybe Chris
guomo isn't quite around the corner on
yet is that when people are looking at
Trump today they're imagining Trump
running against some kind of an ideal
candidate because that's how you think
of it you don't have a candidate so
you're thinking well it's going to be
some great person then of these 16 who
doesn't have too many problems a lot of
good stuff coming to the party against
this mean old Trump with all of his
flaws it's going to be a Slaughter we're
going to kill him
but what Don Lemon may be
realizing that Chris guomo has not
caught up to is that President Trump is
not going to be running against a
concept he's not going to be running
against a generic ideal candidate he's
going to be running about against
someone who the Democrats themselves
have Savaged by the time that person
gets to the nomination who whoever runs
against Trump will be a real person with
some serious flaws and those flaws will
be quite evident by the time we get to
the final vote so it you know as as I
said way too many
times I can't tell you how many times I
said this before 2016 I kept saying
remember
Trump trump doesn't have to uh
outrun the bear he just has to outrun
his Camping Buddy because the Camping
Buddy
is is the one who's going to get eaten
by the bear the old joke right so he
only had to be better than Hillary
Clinton and so I said early in the last
election uh all you have to work look at
is what he does to Clinton's popularity
you don't have to look at how low
Trump's popularity is just look what
he's doing to Clinton because if that's
lower he wins now he didn't win the
popular vote but he did enough to
diminish her her uh standing to win the
electoral college all right uh the new
Superstar upand cominging star on the
left is Pete buaji apparently he he was
the third best fundraiser surprising
people what we like about him is that he
is very
smart people like him um I was
impressed that I I'd read a number
number of articles about Pete
Bui and him running for
president and here's the impressive
part they don't go out of their way in
articles to say he's
gay it's I read a bunch of articles in
which that fact is not mentioned to
which I say finally like finally can we
get to the point where you could be a
gay man doing anything and nobody says a
gay guy is doing something can we just
stop saying
that and maybe P Buddha XI is the guy
who who you know breaks that seal now
it's still
mentioned but you have to look for it
because for a while when he was in the
race I didn't I didn't know he was gay
didn't matter but when I found out I was
like wow this is different it's
different that nobody's making that a
point
contrast that with um the news in CNN
today is that quote we got the first
black lesbian mayor of a major city I
guess her name is Lori Lightfoot and she
just became mayor of
Chicago now the article makes a
point that she is a woman she's black
and she's lesbian and she's the first
mayor and I read that and I said ah
there we go again
how about woman becomes mayor or how
about we got a new mayor how about
leaving out the woman leaving out the
black leaving out the lesbian part can
we get past that can can we just say the
Democrat won can we just you know you
know where how close are we how close
are we to just saying that doesn't
matter anymore like I don't know if
we're close enough but at least budhaji
seems to have cross that line and I'll
say again something that I don't think
um gets said enough you know there's
there's talk about the presidential race
and there are four am I right four women
who have announced which would be the
you know largest number of women running
for
president
and I I'm not sure I hear that a lot
people don't really talk about a woman
might be president because Hillary
Clinton really solved that problem we we
now
imagine a woman president with nothing
special about it it just seems that's
going to happen eventually maybe this
time maybe next time but nobody's really
talking about it being a
disadvantage uh Buddha jiji's problem is
that he's white and
male and I'm not sure that being gay is
going to be enough for the Democrats
with their intersectionality and their
identity Poli ICS maybe I I'll tell you
if he if he got the
nomination I feel like he'd be a he'd be
formidable so we'll keep an eye on him
I'm still saying it's going to be Harris
but we'll keep an eye on him I feel like
budhaji is not running for president
this time I feel like he's raising his
profile and he's a young guy so maybe
it's really about the the election after
that he may he may just beginning into
the game for the one after this all
right
um let's talk about closing the
border
so quick what is the what is President
Trump's signature policy what's the
thing that identifies him the most
answer border security and immigration
that's his signature thing what has the
president been getting beaten up by his
critics for three years the border and
immigration what have his critics been
saying for three years it's not that big
of a problem so don't be a bad don't be
a hard ass to the poor people who are
just struggling trying to make a better
life because it's not that big of a
problem to the United States what
changed
recently it just became a big problem
right is anybody saying today I mean
literally today is there anybody on the
left or the right who would not say yeah
it's a freaking
crisis it's a crisis now they might be
thinking of it differently it's a
humanitarian crisis it's a resource
crisis they're not thinking it so much
in terms of
crime but they should be because if it's
true that somewhere between 30 and 80%
of all the women who try to cross the
border are being sexually assaulted
you can't take the crime out of the
question all right the humanitarian
crisis isn't just about they need jobs
they're getting raped on the way here
all right so it's a big big problem now
what do the Democrats think of when they
see this situation do they process that
they have this perfect child parent
situation that they're just realizing
here here's how I describe the child
versus the parent point of view a child
says I Want Candy the parent says it's
almost time for dinner it would be
better if you don't have the candy CU in
the long run it would be good to have a
good diet that's the parent view what
does the kid say when you say you know
you should wait for dinner and eat a
good diet what does the child say they
say I want candy I wanted now cuz the
child cannot process the long-term
effects of things the adult has
learned that the near-term things you
have to be looked at carefully because
you want to see what kind of precedent
you set you want to see what that does
in the long term what has the president
been saying about the Border forever if
you don't fix it it's going to get worse
if you make it attractive to come to
this country it's going to get worse in
the long term yes being kind sounds
great everybody would like to be kind
everybody would like to be
generous but if you do that do you know
what's going to happen in the long term
you're going to end up with a
crisis so the president's view I'll call
it the parental view that being nice to
people in the short term is great it
feels humanitarian it feels like who we
want to be as Americans it feels
it feels compatible with the American
Spirit it feels compatible with our
history to you know be welcoming to
immigrants as who we want to be in every
possible way the short-term
decisions are to be
kind but the long-term
implications of being a little bit too
kind is that more people come until you
have a crisis this is is the parental
view this has always been Trump's View
and now it is unambiguously proven
true unambiguously proven true his
signature issue the most important thing
that he St his
entire Legacy
on is absolutely freaking
correct and you can't doubt it
anymore now when I say you can't doubt
it that doesn't mean he's CR itics won't
actually doubt it because they will
because that's how it
works but it's got to be tough to see
the Russia collusion thing fall
apart and then a week later to see that
the president's signature issue was 100%
correct that if you create an incentive
to come
here even if you didn't believe it was a
problem before and I think reasonable
people could say well well I get that
it's a problem I get that crime is
coming in but it's that's a risk we're
willing to take you know I get the
reasonable people were on both sides of
the immigration issue but you can no
longer doubt that changing the
incentives creates a long-term problem
that's now a settled
question and Trump was right all right
um so the president has threatened to
close the
border with Mexico Which smart people on
both sides of the political aisle say no
that would be too Draconian that would
be too much of a hit to our economy it
would be too much of a um too much of an
obstacle to good relations with Mexico
it would just be terrible diplomatically
economically just
terrible I'll accept that to be true
because smart people on both sides are
saying it that's a pretty good
indication that something's true
true
but does the president mean it is it a
bluff or is it
serious what is special about this
president what is special about this
President is that you don't really
know that's what he brings to the party
he tells us this he he he said in the
most direct language I'm going to be
unpredictable and I will use that to my
advantage how many times has he said
that in direct language he says I'm
going to be unpredictable and it's going
to be an advantage I'm going to use that
Advantage for the country so when
President Trump says to Mexico the
government of Mexico I'm thinking of
seriously thinking of closing the whole
border what does the government of
Mexico say about that do they say don't
worry wor about it he's freaking
bluffing nope I'll bet they don't say
that I'm sure some people say I think
he's bluffing pretty sure I'm
largely more likely than not he's
bluffing but it's not a chance I want to
take because if they're wrong it's going
to be really expensive
for Mexico so Trump noted and I the fact
Checkers will have to weigh in on this
that the Mexicans stepped up their game
at stopping people at their southern
border who are trying to come from those
countries through Mexico to the United
States now I don't know if Mexico's done
enough but I think we can conclude once
again that when the president said I'm
going to be unpredictable watch how well
this works in essence he said that and
then he took that he took that talent to
this question and said hey I'm seriously
thinking about closing the Border did
they take him seriously I'll bet they
did I'll bet they did we did I mean this
country takes it
seriously uh yes Brandon Derby did weigh
in in a tweet and uh I believe that he
was supportive of this as at least a
credible
threat give and and he pointed out that
the number of people getting sexually uh
abused trying to reach the
border so here's the question I asked
myself is there any reason you couldn't
close the border except to
shipping wouldn't that get you most of
what you need if you close the border
except for trucks that are carrying
goods back and forth wouldn't we get
most of the benefits of closing the
Border without the um the crushing
impact of the economic hardship you know
you wouldn't lose any avocados you
wouldn't lose any car parts that we need
to make cars if you if you let the
trucks go through you know and check
them carefully of course as always would
that work I haven't heard anybody
mention that option so that's just a
question all right um I'm saving my best
stuff for last oh this this next point
is appr propo nothing uh you all know
Alysa Milano actress and activist
political activists and she's being
politically active again on some I guess
abortion questions or something and I
saw a headline in uh on Fox News
referring to her as
actress so I I have an objection to that
and it's a personal
one because it's a personal issue
because people call me a cartoonist
when they want to diminish my impact in
this
realm and so it's a diminutive it's it's
a way of putting somebody in their place
it's like well
cartoonist well actress actress I would
like to submit that as much as you
dislike Alyssa Milano in terms of her
policies you might hate her tweets you
might dislike her
personally but dear God she put it in
the work can we stop calling her actress
can we call her activist can we call
because because what she's doing
now probably is bigger impact than what
she's done as an actress for a while
anyway and I'm not I'm not mocking your
career I'm just saying that she's more
notable now as an activist so it just
bothers me when I see her when I see her
being diminished by that kind of a label
because it happens to me and I don't
like I don't like to see it happen to
anybody
else all right we're going to get to the
good part are you ready for the good
part um I created quite a bit of
animosity in my viewers
yesterday and I want to revisit
something but I'll do a better job of it
and and the topic is this um we were
talking about talker Carlson mentioning
the green New Deal on his show the other
night and he said that it was a power
grab and then I talked about it and
people went crazy and got mad at me for
doing I know such an illegitimate or bad
job or being irrational or not listening
to people I got I got a laundry list of
complaints now if you've been watching
me for a while what does it mean that I
made some points about this power grab
green NE de deal thing and I got a
laundry list of complaints that are all
different what does that mean
well you know you know what I say it
means I've been saying this for a long
time the laundry list means you don't
know why you're mad you're just mad and
I got a laundry list of these problems a
whole bunch of people with different
problems tells you that the real thing
that's bothering them maybe they don't
know they're bothered and then they're
looking for a reason for it all right
but here's here are some of the reasons
that people were
mad they said Scott when you talked
about
the power grab um proposition the um
Tucker's idea and a lot of a lot of you
watching this have the same idea that
the green New Deal is really about
power and and transforming society and
you know creating more socialism that
that that's the goal and that the
policies are less important than the
larger goal of power and socialism and I
I reject that view but in so doing
I took Tucker's conversation about the
green New Deal and when I talked about
it I called it climate change and people
said illegitimate you took Tucker's
conversation about the green New Deal
and you changed it to climate change and
don't you know Scott that the green new
deal is not just climate change and in
fact it's been specified more so as of
today uh there a little more detail
nothing like real detail but a little a
little more meat on the Bones from AOC
describing what is part of the green New
Deal and it includes the following
things highspeed rail healthc care
Universal unions essentially uh free
college 100% Renewable Energy Zero
emission energy sources wind and
solar uh no bans on Transportation so
nothing about no airplanes there's
nothing like that in it emphasis on poor
communities to fix racial injustices and
justices against the poor uh family
sustainable wages and affordable housing
now most of the things on the list are
not climate change so people said said
Scott when you are arguing against this
power grab thing you change Green New
Deal to climate change so you could
argue this different thing it's a straw
man here's my
response you're all
wrong I did exactly what you said I
started Ed with a green New Deal I
changed that to climate change for
clarity to make it easier it's exactly
the same point the power grab point of
the entire green New Deal and all of its
elements as it is just the climate
change part so everything I would say
about just the climate change part of
the green new deal about the power grab
part of it applies to all the rest of it
too so just for
convenience I'll talk about the climate
change part if that part is true well
then maybe the other parts are true too
in terms of it's all a power grab but
let's just for
simplification talk about the climate
part of the green New Deal and I believe
that you know whether or not Tucker was
thinking the same way I am the point
still stands all right now here's what I
object to and I think that when I
explained it the first time it was not
clear cuz people said Scott Scott Scott
it's obviously a power grab because you
would be centralizing things in the
government in a way that they're not
already centralized and when you're
centralizing power well that's a power
grab right currently the power is not
centralized but if you were to
centralize it in the government that's a
power grab that's the point here was my
objection to
that it's not the goal
here's my belief and I'll make my point
I believe that the people who both the
voters and the politicians the voters
and the politicians everybody who who
thinks climate change is a big
problem is primarily
concerned with climate
change I don't believe that there are
people uh either political either
professional politicians AOC or anybody
else I don't believe any of
them don't believe climate change is
real let me say that in more no double
negatives um I believe the AOC believes
that climate risk is a real is a real
risk and that the motivation of the
people who are pushing that is that
they're trying to fix what they see as
real problems and also the biggest
problems I believe that the voters and
the politicians who are on the same side
of this actually believe it now somebody
is correctly challenging me for saying
that it's mind
reading and that's exactly the right
thing you should say you should say are
you reading their mind you know why
would you say that and here's I I'll
make my argument my argument is that
first of all we've never heard of any
any whistleblower come forward which
none of these are individually proof
right I'll just give you my case and you
have to look at it total we don't have a
whistleblower to say I worked on AOC
staff she's just this is all just a big
fake she doesn't believe climate is a
risk she's just saying this for
political reasons now usually you can
find somebody who will say something
like that but we have not seen that or
at least I haven't seen if if you've
seen it let me know so we don't have a
whistleblower but that doesn't mean it's
not happening because people might all
be clever and keeping their secret um
what
we uh I have
personally in all of my conversations
about climate I've never even had a
whiff that anybody who believed it was
real was just hoaxing me not once if I
had even a sniff that the people who say
they care about climate change are just
kidding and that it's you know it's all
a scheme I've never never even got a
little bit of that but again
that's just my impression and my
experience that's not proof of what
somebody is
thinking um and then I ask who exactly
is getting this power can you define
what that means by getting power because
every major policy changes power so when
people say it's obviously the result of
this would change the power structure I
say well that part I'm not arguing with
it is unambiguously true that the green
New Deal would
change budgets it would change what
people do and therefore it would change
sort of who's in charge of what people
are doing all that's obviously true but
it's also true of every political major
action there's no such thing as a major
political program that doesn't change
the power structure even if all you do
is change the tax structure you're
changing who has you know you're
basically anytime you change money
you're moving power because money is
power so the government only knows how
to change the power structure that's
pretty much all they do so when you say
the green New Deal or climate change
just as a subset of it if you say those
things are for changing the power
structure I say you haven't said
anything cuz that's just
politics if you're saying that AOC just
wants to get power by pushing these
proposals I say that's how all all
politics works it would be like saying
Trump only is pushing immigration to get
elected that just describes politics
everything a major politician does is to
get elected to get power to change who
has the power so to say that as a
special
um as a special complaint about climate
science or about Green New Deal the
larger category to say that the reason
they're doing this is for
power then somebody says so we're right
hahaa you think you got me now you got
me now but you don't know where this is
going yet do
you so this is called pacing this is the
part where I agree with you way from the
good part so it is true that there is
would be a massive power shift in lots
of different ways with the green New
Deal it is also true that that's the
same statement you can make for any
major government program could be moving
it one way or the other but it would be
a major power change here's the part
where I
disagree
intention it is not in
evidence that people don't believe that
these policies are good and that they're
only doing it for effect
that they're only doing it for their
careers that they're only doing it for
money that they're only doing it for
power now it's simply not in
evidence but the crazy part and here's
the tin foil hat part is imagining that
you see it and it's right in front of
your face and I'm going to give you a
real life
example um and I'm going to use Tony
heler as my
example I have to tie a couple things
together Tony heler uh I have noted as
the most um persuasive critic of climate
change so he doesn't believe climate
change is the big problem that that
scientists do he writes on his website
uh voluminously lots of Articles making
his argument I I have labeled him the
most
persuasive of all the critics now I also
said in an off-hand comment on Twitter
yesterday that uh Tony Heller had been
debunked
which Tony heler did not like when he
heard it I don't know he may be watching
this too so let me explain that when I
say debunked I could have added more
context to that it would have been a
little more clear I mean that for
everything that Tony Helder claims the
climate scientists have an answer which
as a non-scientist I read Tony's
original thing I read the response and I
say huh I I can't fact check either one
but this is definitely looks like a real
response to what Tony said now of course
Tony also debunks the debunkers and then
they debunk him back so it's an infinite
Turtles all the way down my point is
that there are answers within the
scientific Community to everything Tony
says as far as I can tell every major
claim there's a credi looking counter to
it that says no you're all wrong I don't
know who's right so when I say he's
debunked that doesn't mean science is
settled and that's it and everything he
says is wrong I'm not saying that I'm
saying that um there is a counter to it
that looks credible in every case now
here's my problem with
Tony he makes a consistent claim across
the all of his points about climate in
which he says the
intention of the people
involved is
fakery so he he implies intention in
every number that's wrong not accident
not bad science
not not anything but an intentional
plot now I keep saying where do you see
intention and the the best example that
he gives is in the so-called climate
gauge
emails let me get rid of this
critic um
so his best evidence is the climate gate
emails in which somebody said that they
were using a quote trick to quote hide
hide the decline in other words explain
a past period of temperature that didn't
make sense with the with the the climate
change
models I looked at the same language and
I said I don't see it I'm reading
exactly the same thing you are you say
this clearly shows their intent to
deceive I read exactly the same words
and I don't see it what I see is two
people who know each
other um did we did
the did I actually lose the connection
here people are saying it's
frozen uh still arguing against a straw
man wait for it will you wait for the
wait for the
reveal all right so uh all right we're
back now I don't know how much you
missed there but Tony heler says that
the the fakery in the data is
intentional faking the data he uses the
climate gate emails as one of his
largest pieces of evidence of that they
say they're using a trick to hide the
decline those are the words I read
exactly those same words and I don't see
what he
sees I see them just talking casually
hey I use your formula I use trick
that's just the way you talk to a friend
hide the decline means you were trying
to explain why there was this blip it
needed to go away you were sure it
wasn't real you found a way to hide it
you used the trick I don't see the plot
I just see people talking now let's take
this to another
example I continued this conversation
and asked for evidence that it's all a
giant plot for socialism
all right um and Tony sent me this
article so this is an actual article I'm
going to read you that's uh an official
un article it's from the United Nations
Regional information center for Western
Europe so this is an official United
Nations uh
document and Tony sends this to me to
say it says here in clear language that
you can read this is Tony's
interpretation he says the article makes
it very clear so it's very
clear that the goal remember the word
goal is altering the world economy comma
and the imaginary climate crisis is the
excuse so Tony is sh sending me some
text from an official
document that he says right in front of
your
eyes is is making it very clear that the
goal is altering the world economy in
another words more socialist and the
imaginary climate crisis is the excuse
so I thought oh my God there is an
official document that says that and so
I read it and I'm going to read it to
you and it's just you know a couple of
paragraphs they're very short so see if
you hear that when I read that hear that
their goal is to change the
economy and that the imaginary climate
crisis is the excuse now the person
talking here is the the top un climate
change official so if Tony heler is
right the top climate official in the UN
said in public that the real goal is to
change the economy and that the climate
stuff is
fake see if you see that in what I read
in her
quote umm all right right so this top
climate official um is optimistic about
a treaty blah blah blah and then she
says however the official Cristiana
feras the executive secretary of the UN
blah blah blah warns that the fight
against climate change is a process and
the necessary transformation of the
world economy the necessary
transformation of the world economy will
not be decided at one conference or in
one agreement so she talks about a
necessary transformation of the world
economy and then below she says uh this
is the first time in history of mankind
that we are setting ourselves the task
of intentionally she's actually using
the word intentionally so watch what
comes after
intentionally with a defined period of
time to change the economic development
model that has been reigning for at
least 150 years since the IND Industrial
Revolution all right so did you hear her
say that the climate thing is not real
but the goal is socialism did you hear
that in what I just read I want to see
your comments before I go on somebody
said yes who who else heard
it yes somebody saying
no yes we got more yeses we have a no we
have a yes somebody said says I didn't
hear it somebody says kind of somebody
says no no no more no no no I'm just
reading your comments yes yes absolutely
no I heard it no yep no no no nope no
now for those of you who said
yes what is what are you thinking and
I'm seeing more yeses come yes yes yes
yes yes somebody says no not technically
somebody says pretty damn close now lots
of
yeses yeses yes yes yes yes yes a few
more NOS some more confused if you all
right here's my rule what have I taught
you about
hallucinations if you walk into a room
with one other person and the other when
one person is in the LSA there are two
people in the room if there are two
people in a room and one of them says
there's an elephant standing in front of
us and the second person
says I don't see an elephant which one
is hallucinating the person who sees the
elephant or the person who
doesn't this is a really good Rule and
it works a lot the person who sees it is
almost always the
hallucinator because if somebody can
look right at the evidence and say I I
don't even know what you're
seeing all right I'm going to read this
again and I'm going to tell you why you
think you see it but it's not there
first of
all on the surface the thought that the
head climate person at the UN says just
imagining that the head climate person
says no climate change is a bunch of BS
we just want to change the economy to
socialism right there you should have
stopped and said I don't even need to
read that article you should have told
yourself I don't need to read the
article because that that can't happen I
mean it's impossible that that happened
there is also a rule this is the Scott
Alexander rule he talks about this that
if something seems like ridiculous in
the news like you somebody reports
something you say that it would be
amazing like aliens landing on Earth and
capturing all our dogs you a story like
that and you go wow that's amazing when
you hear stories that are amazing they
are almost always false not just this
story but in general here's an amazing
Story the president of the United States
colluded with Putin and now he's a
Russian
agent did you need to wait three years
to know how that would turn
out I didn't I applied the Scott
Alexander rule if it sounds like it's
ridiculous there's a 95% chance it just
didn't happen sure enough it was
fake all right so without even reading
the text you should have said no there
is no world in which the head of the UN
climate stuff went in public in front of
a publication in front of a crowd and
said the climate change stuff is fake we
just want
socialism now so first of all it didn't
happen but let me tell you why you think
it happened
here's what she said and I'll read you
the key Parts just just the parts that
matter she said there um the fight
against climate change is a process so
that part we all agree and that the
necessary transformation of the world
economy will not be decided at one
conference is it true that if you fight
climate change it is necessary to change
the economy yes the context is not
socialism the context is getting off of
fossil fuels now you know the correct
context now that you know the context
she's talking about is it's going to be
a big for the economy to move from
fossil fuels to Green fuels nothing
about socialism right just just regular
moving from using oil and coal to moving
you know probably wind and solar and
whatever else she thinks that's her
context now you know the context listen
to the same words again now that you
know the context
there will be a necessary transformation
of the world
economy right there will be a necessary
transformation of the world economy
because it's a major thing to go from
fossil fuels to Green Technology that's
all she's talking about you agree with
that she's just saying something you
agree with now her other
statement um she says this is the first
time in the history of mankind that we
are setting ourselves a task of
intentionally with within a defined
period of time to change the El economic
development model that has been reigning
for at least 50 years since the
Industrial
Revolution what is the economic
development
model you think it's socialism versus
capitalism that's not the context the
context is the economic development
model is burn coal use oil that's the
context if you believe she was saying
that climate change isn't real and that
it's really all about
socialism that's a
hallucination it's caused by you think
it's going to be there it's caused by
maybe weird paranoia it's caused by
whatever makes people believe in
conspiracy
theories but Tony heler points me to
this and says it's right there on the
page it is not right there on the page
it is not even close to being on the
page
there's nothing like that on the page
they don't mention their belief or
disbelief in climate it's not there and
when they talk about the economic
development model it's obvious that the
context is carbon to Green fuel that's
all they're talking about now would the
would the effect of doing all these
Green New Deal things uh create more of
a socialist government the answer is yes
but it looks like the people involved
and all evidence suggests they believe
that these are the way to solve these
problems that they see as problems so it
is not an evidence that it's a plot and
where else has Tony heler made a similar
kind of claim in which he has imputed
intentions where none exist all right so
I just showed to you this example where
he sees
intention that just doesn't
exist the other place he does it is when
he says continuously and
non-stop that the official climate
people NASA or whoever else fak the data
for temperature most of his thoughts are
around that one point that we used to
have a certain set of data and they've
faked it to wrong data to make their
point now when I listen to the people on
the other side I say he says you fake
the data what do you say to this fake
fake data
charge the climate people who understand
the whole world there they say it's not
fake data it's
adjusted now if you believe that it's
fake data and you hear me say it's
adjusted you just laughed right you're
like
Scott you adjusted data is just fake
data you can't you can't do science and
then if you don't get the answer you
want go back and change the data that
would be fake that's not science you
don't change the data if you don't get
the answer you want that's fake science
right some of you are saying that right
now I'm pacing you because I know some
of you are saying
that but here's what the scientists say
they say we published the details of why
we adjusted it we adjusted it when we
realized there were imperfections in the
data for example some of the
thermometers
had been in rural areas but over time
somebody built an airport next to it for
example and the airport was a heat sink
so that would have made it would have
made that thermometer inaccurate because
of the the heat from the nearby airport
that was added after the fact so we took
some adjustments to account for the fact
that we know this measurement was wrong
I mean we know we told you why we know
we showed you our evidence we we show
you the calculation we use to adjust
it and there are a number of other um
and then there are a number of other uh
situations in which they've adjusted the
data after the original measurements but
here's the thing Tony leaves out they
tell you exactly why they changed them
they show you what they changed it from
they show you what they changed it to
they give their
methodology and it's public you can just
look
now is it faking to show your
work in the scientific realm that is
literally the opposite of Faking because
anybody can check their work anybody can
go in there and say all right you made
these adjustments why you know I I'll go
to that same thermometer I'll see if it
was reasonable so people have gone that
you know I don't know the details but
people have checked into it they have
they have um convinced themselves that
there was no intention to fraud these
were just legitimate adjustments to the
data so we have at least two data points
in which Tony heler has assumed bad
intentions where it is not in
evidence somebody says you're not a
scientist does that matter does that
matter to anything I've said so far that
I'm not a
scientist all right um and there is an
entire website that dedicated just to
debunking in their words debunking
everything that Tony Heller says so
there is an answer to everything he says
now my own view is that there are two
outstanding skeptical
arguments that if they're not answered
would debunk climate science as being
legitimate science but not in the sense
that the scientists are
frauds there is evidence that maybe
there are things they haven't accounted
for or they may be fooling themselves
but there is not evidence of fraud in my
opinion all right so Tony has seen fraud
in the emails where I don't see it he's
seen fraud and fakery in the data where
it's not in evidence as far as I can
tell and he sees it in this article I
just read where it clearly doesn't exist
so we have three data points of Tony
heler seeing a
hallucination that I don't see and I'm
looking at exactly the same stuff all
right so here's my point
all policies including the green New
Deal and everything in it including
climate change which is a subset of the
larger category of things in Green New
Deal they all change power structures as
all policies do the immigration policy
that the president is doing changes the
power structure it's moving money from
one thing to another it's decreasing the
power of the immigrants it's decreasing
the power of Democrats because they
would like more immigration to increase
their voter role there is no such thing
as a big political action that doesn't
change the power structure and the money
so if you're saying well this claim a
thing it's all about the power grab you
have
said
nothing there's nothing in that
statement it's an empty statement which
is what was blowing my mind and what
blew my mind yesterday and I I had a a
stunned
reaction if you saw it live I was I was
actually I got goosebumps I I I couldn't
believe what I was seeing I saw people
repeating the talking points that's a
power grab it's just a power grab and I
predicted accurately that if I took some
guess they could not describe what they
meant by that that it would just be word
salad or they would change the subject
and you saw right in front of you that
nobody could argue the point then after
the point when I was done with that I
was you know a lot of people piled onto
Twitter to say Scott you you created a
straw man by changing it from Green New
Deal to climate change even though I'm
telling you that doesn't change the
argument the same argument for the whole
green new deal as for the climate part
same argument doesn't matter I did that
intentionally I changed it to for
clarity uh you said that um I'm not
listening to the arguments that is
correct when somebody changed the
subject I cut them off so I'm not going
to listen to something that that's on
the wrong topic of course so I'm going
to try it again would you like me to try
that again so I'm going to change my
microphone while you're thinking of your
best arguments I'm not going to take
anybody in the top eight so I'll look
for whoever who whoever joins from this
point on I'm going to ask you to defend
your notion that the other that the
that the Democrats are only involved in
a power grab and that they don't believe
in climate change and they don't believe
in the other parts of the green New Deal
all right so I want
to all right I've got people jumping in
uh let's try
oh let's try
Daniel Daniel I am going to add you and
you are going to make your argument I
hope and Daniel's coming on in a minute
looks to be a little technical
difficulty Daniel are you
there
Daniel Daniel are you
there Daniel is not ready to take a call
we'll try somebody else let's try
Chris Chris you are up next to argue
that the green New Deal Chris are you
there again can can are you are you here
to make an argument that either climate
change or the green New Deal are really
just the power grab yes I am please make
your
argument okay well first of all I would
say that you misrepresented Tucker's
position in the beginning in the sense
that there's not just one person sitting
behind a desk twirling his mustache
seeking power wait hold on hold on hold
on hold on let let me stop you there uh
I'm only going to I'll give you plenty
of time to make your point but I'll I'll
only interrupt for the benefit of the
audience if there's a factual point that
or to keep you on topic uh I did not
represent um Tucker's Point as being
somebody behind the desk like some
individual person okay I I reject the
point that it's a power grab but I
accept that power changes in any policy
go ahead okay well then the question
would be which political party tends to
uh want to expand the bureaucratic state
in order to make sure that these new
policies are followed by us the people
uh Democrats Dem Democrats go exactly so
the Democrats are trying to expand the
bureaucratic State and the stst
philosophy of controlling the freedoms
that we enjoy now so it's really so so
do you think that uh Trump is doing uh
trying to do border control to uh win
the
election is that is that his purpose to
win the election uh I don't think it's
necessarily to win the election I mean
if you look at all the polls his
solutions for getting control of the
Border aren't necessarily
uh have strong support among the
majority of the
population right let me let me just say
why I asked that question if you think
that President Trump's intentions are to
do something good for the country On the
Border in other words that he that he
really believes the policy yep it will
also help him get elected he hopes
that's just part of politics but he
believes that it's a real thing with a
with a real objective right you would
say that about border security and the
president would you agree with that
point yes I would agree with that point
however I would take issue with it for
for this reason okay Donald Trump
wanting to get control of the Border
will not impinge on my freedom as an
American citizen if the green deal
passed hold on hold on so I I don't want
to go too far a field into arguing the
the Trump border stuff let's let's go
back to the green New Deal the the only
the only point I'm making the only point
I'm making is that if you believe that
the policy makes sense that then then
you should be talking about the policy
makes sense and of course if any
politician does something that makes
sense they would also probably get more
power for that um so that would just be
normal politics now I heard you making
another point which was um it wouldn't
affect you the Border stuff wouldn't
affect you was that that was your point
right right it wouldn't affect my own
personal freedom if Donald Trump gets
security of the border and we know who
is coming or not coming the country what
would it affect um would it affect would
it affect the Electoral situation in
this country in other words depending if
immigration is more or less would that
it slow down the demogra the demographic
shift that we are currently experiencing
right so in other words slowing down
immigration would trans would keep power
with Republicans or at least maintain
their power base because they would not
be letting in a lot of people who would
end up voting for The Other Side so
would you agree that whichever way
immigration goes it'll either be a big
advantage of power for the Democrats if
there's open immigration or it will be a
way to maintain power for the
Republicans because they'll limit the
number of democratic voters coming into
the country so would you agree that the
immigration issue has a huge power
element to it uh of course I would okay
so the fact that there is a big transfer
of power in the immigration issue
doesn't doesn't make the president a a
big old Power Grabber it means he's
doing his job but there is an effect
that that power power is affected by it
now let's let's get back to the green
New Deal so okay yeah go ahead go ahead
yeah so I think we're in agreement on
the fact that all big policies tend to
shift power that's just built in you
would agree with that would you yes I
would agree with that okay and so
however the difference if I may make a
point quick the difference between the
two topics is that Donald Trump getting
control of the Border exerting his power
as the executive to do that is not going
to further infringe on my rights as an
American citizen the green new deal if
it is passed will infringe on my
freedoms as a citizen because they will
control everything from what car I can
drive to if I can fly an airplane to how
much beef I'm able to eat every day so
it's it's a little bit different I don't
think they're the same so Chris you're
you're not on the right topic so I I
will agree with you that you will be
affected by the green New Deal and it
would uh it would change your options in
life and your opportunities and and
everything you just said so everything
you just said I agree but it's not the
topic the topic is being nominated for
president that's nice the topic is the
the topic is that the the belief that
the the Democrats are doing it for
power so that's the thing that you need
to defend and I don't hear you defending
that you just said it's bad for you
which I I'll make it simpler then okay
everything that politicians do is an a
quest for
power yes would you said everything they
do is or is not is in a quest for more
power yeah it yeah our system allows
that if the politicians do a good job as
the citizens see it they almost
certainly are rewarded with more power
same with capitalism same with politics
success gives you more power so we agree
on that right yes we do PE people are
saying that you slayed the question but
you're not even on the right topic so I
don't mean this to be an insult but
Chris would you agree with me that you
saying it's bad for you and reduces your
your options that I first of all agree
with that and and it would be true for
me as well as it is for you but that is
not the same would you agree as the
question of are Democrats doing it
primarily as a power grab those are
different questions aren't they yes and
no on one hand the the the job of of
government is to ensure our freedoms
right and I think that the green New
Deal well well Scott the Constitution
was written to limit government's
ability to infringe our freedoms yes or
no all right you're
uh can can you make this point succinct
I'll I'll agree that freedom is built
into the Constitution but but how does
that have to do with the fact that your
question about how it affects you
personally is a completely different
topic than the fact that the Democrats
are trying to grab power because the
grabbing of power in this instance is a
limiting of my freedom which is against
the principles upon which the
Constitution stands all right so we're
in complete agreement but we on the
wrong topic quick Scott just real quick
I just have to say that I only
downloaded Twitter and Periscope so I
could start following these
conversations live I've been watching
you on YouTube for years I I I I I
resisted the temptation to download the
Twitter and the Periscope but I only did
it just so I could participate in these
conversations thank really appreciate
you taking my call keep up the good work
Scott all right thank you Chris all
right Chris was
uh Chris was a good sport
and we're going to take next caller all
right so this is interesting I I I'm
watching the comments as we're talking
what I saw was a completely different
movie than at least what half of you
saw I saw Chris talking about a
completely different point which is that
socialism is bad for
Chris we all agree with that right
there's probably nobody on here who
doesn't who has a different opinion but
was I ever arguing that socialism is
good for Chris no it was just a
different topic and yet as clearly as I
say that's not talking about the
Democrats wanting to grab power and not
believing their own policies completely
different topic and see there's somebody
Scott lost this one I'm looking at your
comments Chris beat you up they're
saying to me take the L
Scott is there anybody on here who
understands that Chris wasn't even on
the same
topic am I the only one who sees
that is yeah everybody saying that Chris
one so let me accept that the
overwhelming
opinion the overwhelming opinion is that
he demolished me but isn't it also true
he wasn't on the same topic is there
anybody who will challenge me on that
question somebody says what was the
topic again the topic was are the
Democrats pushing the green New Deal and
climate change within it as a power grab
is that their purpose and and they don't
really believe in the
programs Chris said socialism is bad for
Chris are those even close to the same
topic all right so I believe that most
of you are
hallucinating and I mean that with love
I'm not saying you're broken I'm not
saying there's any flaw with your brain
you you were operating as
completely uh as completely normal human
beings if you believe that it was a
power grab what you heard on that
conversation was completely different
than what
happened somebody says Chris was exactly
on topic all right I gotta have I've got
to ask another question I want somebody
to come on here and explain to me why
that's the same topic we we'll make it
as simple
all right somebody says he's off topic
so there's at least one person who's not
hallucinating I want somebody to tell me
don't argue the the big case of whether
you know about socialism just tell me
that you think that's the same topic I
want to take a a caller uh I don't know
if the caller will be arguing that but
I'll take Mark let's say and if Mark has
a different point I might make it short
uh Mark you there
did again did you see the the exchange
with Chris okay I saw the whole thing
and yes sorry you're right he was off
topic but I'm going to pass media
training and I'm not going to answer
your question because your question is
do the Democrats believe which puts me
in a spot the mob I don't care what the
mob believes is it a grasp against
Freedom so do the rank and file
Democrats believe it yes they do you are
fully right on that but in the end and I
I run for politics a couple times it is
easier to control the less people there
are to bribe so what happens is if you
aggregate power it's easier then to
bribe either with favor or with power or
with money less individuals so will this
Agate power Mark do you think Mark do
you think I disagree with that actually
no I just wanted to clarify because
you're right in your question the
Democrats the rank and file
AOC she believes it but okay I don't
care what the mob believes if you have a
brilliant idea do you necessarily share
all the details when it gets down to the
Mob do they are they motivated by the
same thing as your idea so will this
reduce Freedom well let me let me
clarify Mark are you saying that you
believe the top Democrats let's say AOC
and people pushing the green New Deal
are you saying that their real secret
objective is that once power is
Consolidated in the government and more
with more socialism they will be fewer
people to bribe and it will give let's
say AOC personally more power because
she can bribe people easier connect the
dots it will not give AOC more power
because of that she will be used as a
tool because of her skills
but there are people that believe that
they can make the best decisions for us
all even though human history shows that
maximum freedom is what moves us forward
so who who are the people specifically
who are plotting to get this power and
manipulate to their benefit who who name
and names Bernie Sanders absolutely
believes that an elite group of people
can make decisions he does believe it's
better for people but he wants a small
group to make it CU he would Implement
things to reduce your personal choice so
what you've described I agree with and
what you've described is that Bernie uh
prefers a certain kind of system that we
would describe as as socialism and
that's not in question so I think we
agree can I ask you what your
educational and or career background are
just in in the simplest way what what
was your major what what's your current
career
I started in Commerce I lived in Taiwan
for a while I'm a chiropractor and I've
run for political office twice and seen
the back room and both sides all sides
are disgusting Z and what and what's
your educational background uh Commerce
degree and Chiropractic degree Commerce
degree okay thank you thanks you're
awesome by the way thanks all right so
um here's here's a little pattern to
look
for the people who are having trouble
following my argument and and separating
you know what's the green new deal and
what's climate change and what's the
power grab versus what's affecting Chris
and stuff look for the
professions yeah so you saw that Mark
who had a background in Commerce where
you learned decision-making and you
learn to isolate things and you learned
to look for the variable that's changing
um that's generally a good background
for understanding had to separate things
and analyze things and you saw that when
he came on he agreed with me totally as
far as I know there was nothing in that
last phone call that I disagree with
even a little bit I mean he he moved the
topic a little bit but it was just
something I agree with now the people
who were disagreeing with me and saying
Scott Scott Scott you got everything
wrong they tended to be writers and
artists and
musicians because they
conflate there if you if your background
is the Arts then everything seems to be
connected and meaningful if your
background is science or business or
economics or engineering to give some
examples your skill is to isolate and
separate that's how you understand your
world so the people who can isolate and
separate tend to agree with everything
I've said
today and the people who see things as
sort of connected don't have no
understanding of the points I'm making
that that it's almost like
a their filter on the world is so
different that's like my words don't
even make sense right so uh somebody
says scientists don't agree with you I
don't know what point you're talking
about but typically since my policy is
usually to agree with Scientists I would
say that's not
right uh you didn't ask Chris about his
career I did not but I wish I had all
right somebody says that the last caller
kicked my ass all he said was things I
already agree
with I don't know how that's an ass
kicking um those of you who think that
anything I said made sense what do you
make of all the people who are saying uh
I'm in crazy town now how do you process
that I'm just wondering somebody says
I'm a PhD physicist and I agree
all right let me take one more caller
and see if the profession is uh is
predictive all right I'm going to take
uh
Tony and when Tony joins us we're going
to see if profession and background are
or educational background
are predict I can hear you did um did
you agree mostly with the things I've
said about this topic or did you mostly
disagree yes I agree with what you're
trying to say my background is multiple
degrees in
engineering and uh I know that right I
you said that right basically it's a
matter of input versus
output is the way I look at it like the
intent versus the outcome right right so
so what you just did there is a skill
that is easy to you but I think we can
see that some people just have never
practiced it don't have it don't have
any background you you very clearly
zeroed in on the two things that needed
to be separated right the intention and
the outcome that's exactly what I've
been saying and you with your training
and your degrees in engineering you hear
it the first time it's like oh yeah of
course you're going to separate this
from this and then look at them
separately right so um that that's all I
wanted to ask I want to see if I could
try this again with a couple of other
professions so but thank you thanks for
coming on all right I'm going to take
another one and see if this pattern
holds um I'm going to pick
Josh this could be trouble we'll
see Josh can you hear
me hi Josh what is uh let me ask you
first if you've been
following the grab thing yeah not really
um did you I was about to cancel this uh
I missed some of the
cont so all my contacts is from this
Periscope late
so from what you saw did you
think or was I in Crazy Town and and the
people who were tell I was crazy were
more On Target which did you feel uh
yeah no I thought you're
making and what is your educational
background what's your degree what do
you do for I'm mathematics major and I'm
a math
tutor yeah so this is my point
is that that know how to separate things
and is
things all I wanted to ask Josh um
and all right
um so look for this I guess the
broadcast is breaking up anyway later
today I'm going to do my tutorial on how
to be a professional writer um you don't
need to catch it live because it'll just
be a little lesson you can you can
replay at any time and I will talk to
you later