mm-hmm
baba pong hey everybody it's time for
coffee with scott adams i'm scott adams
this is coffee this is also coffee do
you have your calf efi
I just bought some of mine on Amazon
apparently some Trump supporters we've
made a Trump brand of coffee I haven't
tasted it yet
I'm still at my old coffee but I thought
I'd buy a bag and support this
entrepreneur hey it's time for the
simultaneous sip yes it is do you have
your mug your cup your vessel your stein
your glass is it full of a beverage your
favorite beverage I like coffee join me
now for the simultaneous sip oh that's
good
somebody said talk about the caravan you
know there's not that much to say about
the caravan that hasn't already been
said
the caravan creates this horrific visual
imagery and you know visual imagery is
among the strongest persuasion so it's
happening at the very worst time for the
Democrats because the midterms
approaching but on top of the visual
element the other strongest kind of
persuasion is fear and the look of the
crowds there's so many of them most of
them are Ben's are heading toward the
border it just triggers sort of a basic
fear response just because of the
numbers of people and the the chaos of
it all so I don't think things could be
luckier in a weird way for the
Republicans coming up to the midterms
but there isn't much else to say I'm
pretty sure the president will
down the military to stop them and I'm
sure they'll be successful because you
know there are a lot of people but
they're not gonna get past the military
but let's talk about some other stuff
you might know that apparently it's been
discovered that the Saudis the story
about a fight broke out and you know it
was just a big mistake if somewhat
injured by the fact that the team of
Saudis that went to the embassy for
Khashoggi one of them was a body double
who left the embassy wearing cash oh
geez clothes now if you're going to make
up an alibi or an excuse well I expect
you to do a little bit better job than
that all right so far
Saudi Arabia is just absolutely
embarrassing our president by not giving
him any cover whatsoever
all right this is this is how I see the
situation I think that realistically
other countries maybe every country
doesn't really care about one Saudi
citizen being killed by Saudi Arabia or
whatever reasons they had on an
individual basis like on a human level
of course we care we'd care about
anybody who's you know being killed so
as a human we care but in terms of
politics I don't see anybody who thinks
that it would be a good idea to derail
an ally in some important stuff in the
Middle East over to this so I've never
talked to anybody in person who thought
this one murder was a big deal so under
that situation all we really needed to
get past it
the president was signaling this as
clearly as you could signal anything
which is we can't approve of it but give
us some kind of
some kind of story that we can at least
say well maybe you know maybe it went
that way and the only story that would
have worked is that there were there
were underlings who planned the entire
operation including killing him from the
start that's the only explanation that
had any chance of being sold which is to
say that you know the crown prince
didn't directly order it and didn't
directly know about it but somebody
below him did directly order it and did
know about it
that's the only story that you could
possibly sell now I'm not saying that's
true I'm saying it's the only story
you'd have a chance of having any
reasonable doubt because it is actually
feasible that the that the crown prince
didn't know the details and didn't know
it had been ordered by an underling I
don't know how likely not a hundred
percent not a zero percent but at least
give us something but now we see this
weak excuse of it was an accident and a
fight broke out and then you see his
body double leaving in the victims
clothes so the whole Saudi thing has
just completely turned into an
embarrassment for our president who was
really just trying to help if you know
what I mean he was trying to make this
not something that affects our country
and tried to make it not something that
affects the Alliance and something that
doesn't affect you know the larger plans
in the Middle East but man are they
making no hard
they're making is so hard and then I
realized that Rand Paul has taken a
strong stand against Saudi Arabians as
something must be done so it looks like
the smart people in this conversation
are saying that the thing which could be
done is directly punishing maybe Royals
maybe leadership people who seem to be
involved in the
making well I don't know how you
identify who they are I don't know how
you'd leave the crown prince out of it
if you're the president and you've lost
you know if you're president Trump and
you'll lose Rand Paul that that's sort
of the canary in the coal mine
you know I've told you before that I
have a high opinion of Rand Paul for his
independent thinking so the fact that
he's an independent thinker makes it
especially powerful when he agrees with
the president because you know it's not
automatic but he's also especially
powerful when he disagrees with the
president for the same reason because
you know he's an independent thinker and
he's following the evidence following
you know following his moral
inclinations so now that Rand Paul has
said something has to be done something
has to be done right well once you've
lost Rand Paul you can't just say well
let's just move on I mean you could but
Scott that's a lot harder so I'm
wondering what the Saudis will say now
that the news has come out that the body
double left wearing Khashoggi clothes if
they follow pattern they will modify
their story again and it will look like
this
well sure one of the guys did leave
wearing Khashoggi is close we
acknowledge that that's on the camera
but it's not what you think it was a
fistfight the fight broke out I think
one of the guys punched Khashoggi so
hard that he ended up wearing his
clothes and then they're going to say I
think I think they're gonna buy this I
think this is gonna work no that won't
happen but you know this whole thing is
making me wonder about the cultural
differences in what honesty looks like
does it seem like there's some kind of a
cultural thing that's happening here
that the Saudis explanation sounds
ridiculous even to liars
even people who lie for a living
look at that one and say dude I live for
a living I'm a politician that's all I
do I lie all day but I don't do that
whatever the hell you're doing over
there
who taught you to lie you're terrible
liars and this gets me back to a point
that I'd noticed I know decades ago I
noticed this whenever you'd see the
Middle East you know people who are
leaders representatives in the Middle
East talking I would always say to
myself but wait a minute that the
Islamic folks are lying just like both
sides you know Eric in a political
situation I take it as a given that all
sides are lying all the time so I'm not
gonna say the other one side is the
bigger liars
because in my sense of the world
everybody's sort of lying or
exaggerating they're leaving out things
they're lying by omission so my sense of
the world is everybody's lying all the
time but it seemed as though when the
the Muslim country leaders were lying it
looked different and the way it looked
different was it was lacking at least a
at least encoding of credibility you
know it seems like there are some
countries some leaders when they lie you
know they're lying but you can't tell is
this one a lie is it slightly
exaggerated you know there's at least a
little bit of a little bit of protective
you know reasonable doubt around there
lie so it seems like a Western form of
lying is trying not to get caught
whereas the Middle East form of lying
and again this is just an observation so
I'm not I'm not making any claim that
anything I'm going to say here would
hold up to any kind of scientific
scrutiny it's just an observation that
I'd be interested if it held up to
scrutiny but I'm not predicting that all
right you can't predict that based on
anecdotal evidence but anecdotally it
seems to me that the style of lying is
fundamentally different and that to us
their style of lying looks like not even
trying whereas the western style of
lying looks like you're at least trying
to get away with it that's just an
observation so I don't know if there's a
cultural difference there that matters
or not let's talk about let's talk about
opioids so I'm getting a lot of pushback
on my call for China to execute their
fentanyl lab owners as they find them
and people have pushed back this way
they said hey you idiot don't you know
that if you you know if you shut down
one lab there will just be another lab
or people are saying you idiot don't you
know that there are you know thousands
and thousands of illegal fentanyl labs
China couldn't possibly know where they
all are couldn't possibly shut them down
- my critics I say you are completely
right there's nothing that China can do
or that we could do that will ever
change the supply because the nature of
it is you can start an illegal lab just
about anywhere so so if you shut down
one sure enough you know another another
lab would jump up but you're missing my
point entirely but there's nothing I'm
saying that has anything to do with
supply alright so when I say that China
should execute its illegal fentanyl lab
dealers it's not to reduce the supply
because that can't be done I'm not
suggesting that anybody tried to do the
impossible
what I'm suggesting is that their mass
murderers and if somebody is a mass
murderer and collectively they're
killing
perhaps 30,000 Americans a year 30,000 a
year that changes everything if one
person was dying in America even I would
say well maybe that person should have
made better choices if a hundred people
per year were dying in America from
Chinese fentanyl I might say it myself
that's terrible
but that's a hundred people who should
have made better choices if a thousand
people per year Americans died from
Chinese fentanyl I might be tempted to
say a thousand Wow that's a lot of
people but that's a lot of people who
should have made better choices when 30
freaking thousand people a year are
dying from Chinese fentanyl that's a war
that's not personal choice any more
personal choice is always you know
involved in the fabric of it but the
size of it changes entirely what it is
and therefore your approach to it has to
entirely change to recognize what it is
and one of the things it is is a big
freakin problem that should be attacked
with maximum maximum strength on every
dimension you could attack it so when I
say that China should be executing their
fentanyl dealers and if they can't that
we should do it for them with whatever
Wetwork type people we can arrange
literally kill them is what I'm talking
about and don't care if we get caught so
if if we get caught executing Chinese
citizens who are illegal drug dealers in
their country I don't care I don't care
if that becomes public
I don't be care if China doesn't like it
because this is no longer about some
supply and demand and a product and you
know some people should have made better
choices it's a war in a war you don't
care that some of your guys get caught
killing the other side it's a war we
were not we are not at war with the
government of China and I think we could
make that distinction because they would
be on the same side
trying as hard as they can to go after
their own offense and old dealers now
let me ask you this if we killed a few
of their fentanyl lab owners and China's
government found out about it what is
the most likely response
well of course they'd complain and you
know they might make some trouble about
it but the most likely response is
they're going to try a lot harder to
police their own business now they can't
stop all their feminine that's never the
goal because it can't be done
here's the goal to send a message about
how big the problem is that's my goal
when I say China should be executing the
fentanyl lab dealers or we should go in
and do it for them on their soil even at
the risk of getting caught when I say
that it's because I'm sizing the problem
I'm persuading I'm using death of people
who deserve it because they're mass
murderers and they know it I'm using
their death simply to amplify the
message that's it I want to kill people
who have it coming their mass murderers
I'm not killing I don't favor of killing
any innocent people ever period but
people who are mass murderers we can
morally kill if it improves our result
it changes the size of the message so
don't argue with me about supply if you
would like to try legalizing fentanyl in
in a small trial
I say let's try it so anybody who's
arguing that the problem is on the
supply side I'm not I'm not ruling that
out in fact that's a very good argument
and we should work on that as hard as we
can at the same time we're helping
helping the world see the size of the
problem by executing Chinese fentanyl
lab dealers if their government won't do
it for them and by the way even if China
is doing it as fast as they can and and
they're really trying to help if it's
not
enough we should also kill their
fentanyl dealers because again it makes
the size of the problem look more more
realistic let me put this in starker
terms there are two dumb opinions on
every big policy decision so whether
you're talking about how to treat
opioids or a climate science or just
about any other problem from the urban
urban situations the if you say here's
here's a proposal and if you say yes
let's do it
or you say no listen no let's not do it
those are the two stupid opinions all
right let that hang there for a while no
matter what the proposal is if it's a
big government proposal there are two
stupid opinions and I'm and I'm being
blunt here
there's no way to shade it there are two
opinions that are stupid about every
major proposal idea one of them is yes
let's do it and the other is no let's
not do it those are the stupid opinions
now let me tell you what a smart opinion
is can we test it as small that's what a
smart opinion looks like a smart opinion
says if you're considering doing this
big plan we don't know how it'll turn
out nobody knows nobody smart enough so
if you say yes let's do it you're stupid
if you say no let's not do it you're
stupid those are the two stupid sides if
you say is there some way to test this
small so that we would have better
visibility about whether it would work
that's a smart decision so when you're
saying to me let's it's it's smart or
it's dumb to do this or that about
fentanyl you're not part of the
intelligent conversation if you say is
there something we could test in a small
scale and then we'd know whether it's
worth considering for large you're part
of the smart conversation so when
somebody says to me Scott you know you
why have you ruled out
you know making it legal in some cases
so that people could get a safe supply
of their drug and then you work on the
addiction problem and I say can you
trial it is this something you can do
small the answer is absolutely yes so if
you can test it and it has some you know
some reasonable chance that it could
work then the answer is you test it
absolutely and when the size of the
problem is this big you test every
frickin thing you can think of you don't
leave any rock unturned the problem is
this big you test you test so when
you're looking at any big government
program there's some exceptions like for
example well probably something like tax
policy is the sort of thing that you
either have to do it or not do it but
most things can be tested small there's
almost I would say 80% of everything can
be tested small and that's the smart way
to go every time you think and I know
that you I know how some of you are
receiving this those of you who have
experience and business are probably
thinking some version of da all
experienced business people are saying
this right duh of course you would try a
small if there was a way to do that
you would of course tried it as a trial
before you went big but most people
don't work for a big company most people
don't have this kind of experience the
average American doesn't think in terms
of is there a way to do a small trial as
a result our government does not think
in terms of can we do a small trial it's
kind of rare to see that isn't it it's
kind of rare to see the government say
we don't know if this is going to work
so we're just doing a small trial so
we'll find out that's how the government
needs to evolve I think it can and will
under a trump administration if you hear
somebody in the Trump administration say
we don't know if this is a good
idea that's why we're trying it or
that's why we're suggesting somebody
tries it then you know that you've
evolved let's talk about something
that's fun and interesting for a change
oh and by the way I'd ask for an expert
on my app the interface by one hub app
my my company's app I'd ask for an
expert on suboxone it's a chemical used
to get people off of opioids and
apparently it makes you sick if you take
an actual opioid when you're on suboxone
I think you get ill so it keeps you from
doing it but the question is can you use
suboxone and then wean yourself off of
suboxone or are you on suboxone forever
because it's the only way to protect you
from the opioids so that was my question
and I'm looking for an expert on the
interface by wind hub app to answer that
at the same time I had done a sort of a
public call and so the suboxone is
something that falls into the category
of something that you could test so the
hypothesis is that you could wean
yourself off of suboxone even if that's
not the medical recommended treatment
under doctor's supervision it would be
easy to test that as a small-scale test
so I'm wondering if it's been done so a
number of people have started getting on
the interface by one hub app to
volunteer as sponsors so we're getting
very close and I think there are already
some sponsors on there let me check I'll
just look right now while I'm talking so
the idea is that sponsors could charge
at a zero for their time because the app
lets you set your price and you could
charge zero if you want so I'm just
going to look up at addiction and see if
anybody's out there all right so we have
addiction and sponsor it looks like
there's one two three four now three
people who are on right now
that doesn't mean they'll necessarily
answer but they're there online as
sponsors so somebody can get somebody
immediately
now do I know that that will work I do
not I don't know if having more sponsors
on an app will save lives but can it be
tested in a small in a small way yes and
therefore you don't have to ask if it
will work or won't work you just test it
that's the smart thing to do given that
the stakes are so high now while we're
talking about the ability to test things
small let me talk about something that's
really really exciting that's happening
right before your eyes and it goes like
this
it was not long ago that if you were a
citizen and you had a great idea for the
government that idea would just be
stranded in your brain right if you're
just a voter you're one of you know
hundreds of millions people in the
United States
you're just a voter and you have a great
idea how could you get your great idea
to the government well it was possible I
mean I'm not saying it couldn't happen
but the average person really didn't
have any relationship with the
government that has completely changed
and I'm gonna take you to my whiteboard
in a moment and show you you saw it
recently and you've seen it how many
times how many times if you see in the
President of the United States President
Trump how many times if you've seen him
a retweet an idea that came from just a
citizen you've seen it a bunch of times
right so we know that the president in
the United States on a regular basis
receives the the ideas the framing the
way of thinking of things from the
public and then actually retweets it
it's not an accident it's happening on a
regular basis and I want to show you
that pathway
didn't used to exist and it looks like
this I apologize for my whiteboard being
hard to read but let's say you're a
citizen and you've got an idea and you
want to get your idea to the President
of the United States this is how easy it
is right now now keep in mind that only
good ideas are going to get there right
bad ideas are going to die
dire premature death but there's now a
direct pipeline for any good idea to get
to the president and to give filtered
along the way so that by the time the
president gets it it's already been
checked out in other words the president
won't get the bad ideas the president
would only get the ideas that other
people have filtered through and it
looks like this if you're a regular
citizen and let's say you're
sophisticated enough to know the
difference between LinkedIn and
Instagram so you know you know enough
about the world the digital world there
you could find me how many how many of
you watching the periscope have sent me
a personal message through one of the
various social media mechanisms those of
you who are clever have figured out that
I'm on LinkedIn and that I accept as a
connection everybody else so you could
just connect to me on LinkedIn and send
me a message and what are the odds I
would read your message almost a hundred
percent so what are the odds that I
would read a message if you put it on
Instagram I only have about six thousand
Instagram followers I'd probably see
everyone what are the odds I would see a
message if you sent it to me on the the
patreon app so I'm on patreon like I
collect from the funds to spread my
periscopes into other realms to turn
them into podcasts and stuff so I use
that money for that how many of you
would know that you could send me a
message on the app that there's used for
that patreon and that I would almost
certainly close to a hundred percent see
your message
so people who were comfortable with
technology now they can get a personal
message to me through probably I don't
know six to ten different channels and
that the odds of me seeing it are pretty
high so if you can get her if you can
get a message to me I have like I think
278 thousand Twitter followers so I'm a
blue check so I'm a verified blue check
but on the small side right having a few
hundred thousand followers is still
smallish but what I do have is larger
blue check accounts that do follow me
and they would certainly see my work if
something I tweeted was popular alright
so if you've got a good idea your
ability to get to me or people like me
which are the smaller blue check
accounts it's close to a hundred percent
almost almost anybody could get to me or
somebody who has a small blue check
account if we like the idea we have
filtered at once meaning that it was
good enough that we retweeted it if we
retweet it it's always going to be at
least noticed by the bigger blue check
accounts right you've you've seen this
in my case right if I tweet something
and it it has you know some quality that
people want to spread you'll see a
command that the larger accounts it
doesn't happen often and it shouldn't
happen often because most of my tweets
are not worth they're not worthy of you
know the entire world seeing them but
some are so now the blue checks tweet it
now what happens when you have this much
visibility once you reach this much
visibility there's somebody on the
president's of social media team who's
gonna see it and they can tell how
popular it is when they see it because
they'll see how many retweets they'll
see how many likes they'll see what
kinds of comments people made so you you
saw this with the
jobs not mobs idea so I I don't know who
actually came up with it it was a
citizen so some citizen said you know a
good slogan would be jobs and not mobs I
saw that on the Internet and I made a
comment about it that jobs not mobs
would be you know a good slogan and it
works on a number of levels and it's
persuasion correct
and doesn't have any downside so I said
that and it it took a very short time
for other larger Twitter accounts and
for lots of other people to retweet it
it took six days I counted from the time
that I saw a citizen with a good idea to
the time it percolated up and came out
of the president's president's twit
Twitter account this is not the first
time that you've seen this happen and I
think there is something special about
this administration because obviously
the tools have been here for a while but
there's something about this
administration that makes you think
participating matters because the
president does this so often you can
feel here's the key point because the
president so often we'll take a good
idea that comes from the base and
amplify it you can feel the connection
it's like a real thing it's not a it's
not a concept that could work in theory
it's something we observe on a regular
basis so you're watching the most
connected president you've ever seen in
your life who is essentially a be
testing on a continuous basis and that
and he's he's part of the system that
does it for him so the bad ideas don't
go very far because I won't retweet them
and then these people never see them and
he just never sees them but if it's good
enough to get the attention of somebody
with a smallish account it could make it
all the way to the top
so that is a big big change in society
it unleashes the best ideas in the world
that could be coming from the people who
are closest to the problem so when you
see me doing these periscopes and I know
some of you you know we're complaining
that you're you've seen too much on the
opioid situation the ideas that I'm
putting forth are that we should be
trying everything on the opioid crisis
and if that's true if if my suggestion
that we should be trying as many things
as possible is valid then some of the
things that come through the system to
me are gonna make their way up so when I
asked about suboxone it's because there
was somebody who on the internet who had
an experience with suboxone curing
essentially being a very easy path to
getting off of opioids but I didn't know
if that was something that other people
could experience too it might have been
something specific about this person and
so I raised the question because it was
such a good question that doesn't mean
it's it's the answer but it was such a
good question that I raised it so now
you're seeing me do it at my level I've
put out the call can somebody tell me
about suboxone can we look at the
question of whether tapering off makes
sense because there's there's some
suggestion that doctors are recommending
suboxone as a permanent drug so you're
just getting off of one drug in getting
out of another and so the question is
does it have to be permanent or could
you wean yourself off it and as I
explained earlier the real question is
could you do a small test of that or has
somebody already done a test of it and I
would just find out that but watch the
power of this system that idea just came
to me this week the question about
suboxone and whether it could help I
raised it so far it's it's trapped here
all right so so far the the idea has
filtered up to here
and there's nobody with a larger account
who's picked it up and said yeah that's
a good idea
now probably nobody will most ideas
don't go that far but the system is
really strong if it doesn't go that far
it might be because the idea didn't have
enough legs might be it's not quite the
right idea but we get to test it and
find out fairly quickly this is all new
this kind of this this effect is pretty
new
or at least it's becoming something that
works better under this president it's
not entirely new all right
society is not always ready for an idea
well there are also persuasive people in
this stack so persuading people to get
ready for an idea as part of the process
all right how many of you let me just
ask this question is this model that I
just explained about how easy it is to
get from a good idea to the you know the
leader of the country did that seem new
to you because it's a big big deal it's
a super big deal
yeah and I've argued before that the
citizens you know at least until the
algorithms take over the citizens are
really in control of the country in a
way that's never been true before
because of this you know good ideas have
now for the first time in history it's
never been true before that a good idea
could take on its own life and could
just rise before a good idea what would
be sort of trapped in your own little
bubble of non influence but now a good
idea can rise in Philly there's nothing
to stop it this is the Golden Age my
friends the Golden Age is when we
realize that resource constraints are
not the big problem anymore
they've resource constraints were a
problem all through history but now it's
the good idea that's what we lack is a
good
and the president has weaponized the
process of getting a good idea from
somebody who knows something you know
somebody who's close to the problem or
just somebody who has a good idea
he's weaponized the Twitter path to get
them to him so he can amplify them and
by the way when the when an idea gets to
the President and he tweets it that
doesn't mean it's done that just means
he's still testing it he's just testing
it at the highest level what do you
think gets a lot of input if it's good
he does more of it if the input is bad
he does less of it this is a good system
all right how about the idea of
prosecuting Soros for the caravan
I am a Soros skeptic I can be convinced
that Soros is some kind of a enemy to
the world my current impression because
I've asked a lot of people who should
know you know tell me why Soros is the
enemy of the country and I find that
people get a little vague about that
clearly his organization is funding some
things but you have to connect a lot of
dots to make him trying to destroy the
country so I would say I'm agnostic on
Soros but I lack I lack the kind of
facts or argument that would make me
anti Soros I'm not Pro Soros I'm just
concerned that so many people have a
strong opinion and nobody can explain it
to me in a way that sounds even a little
bit convincing and I don't know what's
up with that do we have other problems
that can't even be explained because I'm
not saying I'm not saying Soros did or
did not do anything
I'm saying that nobody can explain what
he did that what is his intention you
know what did was he trying to
accomplish and what did he do to
accomplish it I'm
I'm completely lost on that because it
it reads like a conspiracy theory to me
which again does not mean it's a
conspiracy theory because conspiracy
theories and the real thing can look
identical to us right we can't tell the
difference most of the time but I why is
it why have we go on so long I'm pretty
well informed all right
I'm fairly well informed I would say I'm
in the top Oh at least 5% of
well-informed Americans and that's
without even trying really I'm probably
in the top 5% just because I pay
attention to the news and I had never
seen never a good explanation of what
Soros is up to that makes him the the
devil yeah I know he did currency
speculation that was his job that's all
that's all well documented read The Wall
Street Journal article on Soros I'll bet
the years without reading The Wall
Street Journal article on Soros here's
what I predict about it I predict that
if I read it there would be lots of
information about Soros and when I was
done I wouldn't know what to make of it
that's before I've read it that's my
prediction because that's what's
happened every time I've read anything
about him I read it and I go well this
is concerning and I can see why people
would be concerned and then by the time
I'm done I think I don't think
anything's been shown here in that any
persuasive way it's just a whole bunch
of things that should maybe almost
concern us so nobody's credible on this
topic yet he strokes a social unrest and
then profits from chaos yes so so
somebody just said that his game is to
fund social unrest and then place
financial bets in which he can win based
on that that is ridiculous
to me that sounds so much like a
conspiracy theory that I wouldn't even I
wouldn't even bother looking into it a
little bit like it's too ridiculous on
its surface that I even if there was an
article that purported to tell you about
that idea
I wouldn't even read it honestly that
that would be too far beyond the
believable so I need something a little
more solid than that he is funding most
if not all of the lefty groups well okay
do you know who else favors a lot of the
lefty groups Democrats you know is there
some reason that he can't fund lefty
groups Oh Cory Booker let's talk about
Cory Booker let's sleep
you
sure
we go come back to me so those are
reported in the media that I consider
very low credibility and there's a man
who says the cory booker tried to grope
him in a in a restroom or something now
my interpretation of that claim is that
it's very unlikely they're very unlikely
but the context is i think i'm back now
the the context is that cory booker was
on the team that was saying you know
accusers in particular women should be
believed i think the audio is back now i
think your comments are behind behind
the actual so somebody tell me if you
can hear me again because I believe that
my audio is back so the accuser doesn't
sound credible to me you know very much
like the you know the the Cavanaugh
multiple rape party accuser didn't
really sound credible on the surface
doesn't mean it's false but it just
doesn't sound credible so I think it's
cory booker you know suffering from
karma or suffering from a political
attack but it probably has more to do
with outing him so one of my assumptions
is it may not be it may not be so much
that somebody is trying to take him down
for this accusation because i don't
think it you know i doubt there's any
corroborating evidence doesn't sound
credible to me but I think it's probably
a ploy to out him on his sexuality
because it would make him look like a
phony so the thing that cory booker has
to worry about in terms of you know his
brand
and the attackers is that he might be
accused of being sort of a phony and you
know his Spartacus thing plays into that
it's like you're just pretending to be a
some kind of hero you know you're kind
of a phony hero so if he's also if he's
also been less than forthcoming about
his sexual preferences which again I
don't think anybody in the country
really cares about you know that we're
way beyond that being a reason not to be
elected we're way beyond that being a
reason to judge him I think I'd like to
think I'd like to think at least the
vast majority of the country could not
care less about the president's sexual
preference I hope we're at the point
where that's not a real issue but what
could be a real issue is not being
forthcoming about it so it would be I
think a devastating blow to him
politically if the people on his own
team start asking why he has to hide his
sexuality if in fact that's going on so
I don't have any I don't have any inside
knowledge about Cory Booker's sexual
preferences and I'm not interested in
them and I don't think it should be any
kind of disqualification for anything of
course you know I think we're this is
2018 it's not 1960 or whatever but there
is a question about why somebody would
hide it if that's happening and I don't
know that's happening because I don't
know his sexual preferences and I'm not
going to pretend I do I'll just say it
doesn't matter to me
somebody says he's not gay my cousin
works on his staff come on did you just
write that somebody just wrote in the
comments and all quote he's not gay
my cousin is working on his staff you
could have
you could have worded that differently
all right so on that on that count
oh wait I'm not done yet
reminded me tomorrow to talk about
self-driving cars no I'm gonna do it now
because it's interesting and fun I keep
forgetting to talk about this
self-driving cars all right when you
think about the idea of self-driving
cars you think about them integrated on
the highways with their human cars for
however many decades it takes until
they're all self-driving cars I suppose
but you imagine self-driving cars and
real cars driving together that's the
first thing you assume secondly you
assume that each of these cars is an
independent entity made by different
companies perhaps but they all operate
like theirs they're aware of their
surroundings but they're independent
that's the second assumption third
assumption is that they would share the
existing highways what if you throw away
all of those assumptions let's say you
say to Detroit hey Detroit we're gonna
make you the automotive capital again
and we're going to overlay a new highway
right on top of Detroit which is just
for self-driving cars now of course
there are lots of regular highways so
where are their regular highways you're
going to have to either go next to them
when you need to cross them you might
need to bridge over them or tunnel under
them but there's probably enough blight
in in a place like Detroit that you
could map out a whole parallel highway
that would get you within you know
walking distance of any destination in
the city so now imagine that you build
you say to Detroit's going to be the
self-driving car test city and here are
the rules
the highway we build is going to be an
overlay
to the regular highway system so the
cars will never share a highway with
human driven cars secondly all of the
cars on this highway have to be able to
communicate in real-time with all of the
other self-driving cars so if you're an
apple self-driving car or a Google
self-driving car you've got to be in
constant contact the reason for this is
that if one of them has a failure the
other cars should know to get out of the
way because that lets say they're
tracking that car and it goes offline
and they know it shouldn't have the
other cars should adjust let's say one
of them has a mechanical problem perhaps
another car could sense it come up
behind him
all the cars behind him in that Lane
would slow down automatically and that
and the back car would push the other
car in a controlled way onto the side of
the road until it could be serviced so
the first thing you'd want to test is
cars that only have self-driving cars
second thing you want to test is
networking them all together so that
they understand where each other are is
which would make everything much safer
you know they have some kind of a
requirement for that the next somebody
says they have standards for this
already but they don't have a place to
test them in a large working environment
with lots of vendors and stuff so I
assume there would be some protocol for
that maybe not as extensively as I'm
talking about
now here's another fun thing the
self-driving cars are going to have
cameras in 365 degrees imagine if you
were in a dangerous part of the city and
you could choose to live near a
self-driving car Road you would
automatically have a safer place because
all the self-driving cars would create a
security video situation for anything
they drove past so everything on the
street wherever there's a self-driving
car is going to be recorded or
potentially could be so that you would
almost remove the street crime anywhere
there are self-driving cars because of
gyah camera in every direction
next I'm wondering if you could put a
Wi-Fi system into place so that each of
the cars is receiving Wi-Fi but also
broadcasting and and connected as a node
to other self-driving cars could you
build I'm just speculating here a high
powered Wi-Fi or even cell network that
works on the cars as the moving cells so
if you are in a situation where no cars
were going by for a while you might have
no service
but since the city always has cars you
probably would not worry about that too
much yeah a mesh a mesh Wi-Fi system
just spitballin here now if you could
build the system the people who live
near these self-driving cars assuming
that they're the kind that you can be
shared so it's like uber but
self-driving cars those people would
have full transportation at a low cost
especially if it's being tested in the
city they'd have Wi-Fi they'd have more
security it would bring the automotive
business into Detroit and Detroit seems
like a good place to test because you
have infrastructure and you have four
seasons so you'd want to test these cars
and an environment in which it snows it
gets hot it gets cold Detroit so I'm
just going to put that out there as a
suggestion that Detroit should become
the new motor city but for driverless
cars and that all the companies that are
working no matter where else they're
working should put a facility in Detroit
this assumes that Detroit thinks it's a
good idea and figure out a way to build
a a test test roads in Detroit that
could start small you know maybe it's
just a few roads and then they build
them as they go maybe you need to do
some tunneling to get around the
existing structures so you bring in the
boring company you bring in Elon Musk's
boring technology that makes tunnels
cost-effectively for just those places
you need to get around something or
under
over it Scott the self-driving idea is a
farce well you left and all the reasons
I would say that a self-driving cars are
a guarantee there's no chance that it
won't happen so whatever you're calling
a farce I would certainly be on the
opposite end of that opinion yes and
bringing this level of Industry in would
create a whole range of jobs from the
high-end engineers to the the laborer
level because you'd still need to repair
a lot of cars you'd need to build a lot
of roads so it would be a massive
infrastructure or transportation jobs
program and at the end of it you would
have this vibrant Motor City Detroit
again so I just throw that out there as
an idea all right Scott natural language
processing it isn't even there yet I
don't know what that is do anything
yeah self-driving cars are all over
Mountain View for example so Mountain
View is testing and we'd still need to
test the self-driving cars in places
where you know it's going to be
integrated with other cars so somebody
just was putting my own words back to me
to say don't say whether it's a good
idea or a bad idea say whether you can
test it as small and testing a small is
essentially what I'm what I'm suggesting
so you could test a small simply by
having a limited highway within Detroit
and then just build it as it makes sense
to build it so yes it by its nature it
could be tested small should the car
protect the driver or pedestrian I think
a lot of that problem goes away with
self-driving cars because one of the
things you could do with a self-driving
car Highway is to make
pedestrian traffic non-existent
so for example if you're going to build
a self-driving car only highway you
might make sure that you have pedestrian
tunnels under all of them or or across
ways over them and you just get rid of
the pedestrian question altogether they
don't work in snow well that's what
you'd be testing so self-driving cars
will be a choice right for the
foreseeable future yes I think
self-driving cars will be a choice in
the same way that owning a smartphone
will be a choice it'll seem like a
choice early on but eventually it would
be just the only way people do things
because it would be so much better
there's no way that human drive human
driven cars will be able to compete in
the long run alright just looking here
comments human interface is always the
bug in the system yeah the worst the
worst component of your car at the
moment is you the car every part of the
car works well except the human the
human is all the errors you know ninety
ninety eight percent of the accidents
probably I'm guessing this issue
wouldn't you guess that ninety-eight
percent of traffic accidents are caused
by humans maybe ninety five something
like that
alright that's all for now I'll talk to
you all later