[Music]
well I saw the most fascinating thing
today what I hear about it yeah I know
you do that's why you're here you're
gonna wind down get ready for a great
night of sleep it's gonna be a good one
not for everybody but for many of you
yep
well we got stories let me tell you the
story about my minibike yes when I was
13 and four years before that all I
wanted to a stone a little minibike tiny
little tiny little bike that was motor
to the size of a lawn mower but man I
wanted one I I mowed lawns and I
shoveled snow and I worked in my uncle's
farm and finally I'd save it enough to
buy a minibike there's one of the best
days of my life except my mini bikes
chain fell off but no problem I don't
bicycles before how hard could it be so
I put it back on what a little longer
Jane felt off again and I could go up to
a hundred yards before that chain would
fall off again and for the entire time I
owned that minibike I never actually got
it to work more than million or so and
so I remind you of the story I told you
that forms one of these stories of my
personality and one of the stories of my
personality that I talked about in a
prior periscope was that if you dropped
me on the island of prisoners I'd have a
tough first week but eventually if he
came back in the year I would be running
the island of prisoners so because that
that sort of fantasy movie script that I
wrote in my head is so baked into my
personality intentionally I
intentionally you know baked that part
of my code
that when I saw a picture I was just
randomly looking through something I saw
a picture of myself at 13 on that
minibike and I realized yeah I've been
telling Christina for a while then I
want a minibike and I'm pretty sure she
doesn't she doesn't think that I mean it
now I don't have really the situation
where it would make sense to have one
but I'm gonna get a minibike I might be
75 when it happens
might be 95 but when you come back to
the island in a year I'm gonna be on
that minibike
because I don't even know if I could
stop myself from getting it eventually
it's like it's like just built into my
code I'm gonna have to make that happen
someday I'd like to compare my my
medical recommendations to the medical
community I think this is fair do you
because my qualifications for medical
advice are nothing and of course the
medical community is highly highly
competent so there was me calling for an
immediate end to flights from China that
was on January 24th a week before the
president called for it and before any
of the medical experts called for it so
let's score that one for Scott because
turns out my medical advice on virus
transmission was pretty good now again
I'm not saying that that makes me
qualified nothing like that I'm still an
idiot I don't know anything about these
medical scientific things but that's why
we're scoring it okay I got lucky on one
all right so all right like I lucky on
one then it was when I was calling for
masks when all of the medical community
were saying now it'll just make it worse
you don't need no mess
and I'm pretty sure I was the first
public person to say
I'm sorry I can't possibly be true
I base that on my large reservoir of no
medical knowledge whatsoever on top of
my gigantic foundation of no scientific
knowledge whatsoever okay I got lucky on
that one
everybody now agrees maths are pretty
important so all right so I was you know
it's 2-2 for me zero for the experts but
there's some things that were sort of a
tie meaning that they said them but I
did probably say them first for example
when the when the virus stuff was first
emerging those of you who have been
watching me on periscope you know I was
probably the first person in the country
at least you know sort of in the public
view who said make sure you get outside
and get some Sun from vitamin too you
will be good for you now I'm not saying
that I invented that idea indeed it came
from the experts but have you ever heard
so many people telling you to get
outside and get in the Sun since then
I'm not saying I started it I'm saying
it's a tie because the experts say it's
a good idea I say it's a good idea I
said it first
I'm pretty sure I beat almost everybody
there which doesn't make me smarter
clearly I'm not but I you know I'm three
for three then there's a question of the
hydroxychloroquine and here you know
here it's no fair at all because I think
you'd really have to have some serious
medical knowledge to make a good
recommendation about hydroxychloroquine
but I made one anyway which was that
given that we all knew had been
prescribed for many years for several
different causes was well understood the
risk of getting this Cova thing
especially for some types of people was
devastating so from a risk
to management perspective given that we
had some anecdotal information I said we
should at least make it an option should
be a good thing to try just from a risk
management perspective not from a
medical perspective because it's really
the medical is just part of a larger
question because remember you could have
been saving the economy as well so you
had you had two upsides saving people
but also saving the entire economy which
would save more people so since there
was an enormous potential gain if it
worked or even if it worked some of the
time because the stakes were so high it
would be worth the risk
there was a known risk somewhere in the
well you know you can have this if
you've got some arthritis or we'll give
this to you for lupus so what did the
experts say well early on they said it's
gonna kill you stuff and just kill you
now you could argue that if someone else
were scoring this one they might give it
to the experts
they might say Scott the experts are
right they do not have reliable
double-blind large-scale studies they
would show that this is both safe and
efficacious Scott don't you know how
science works to which I would say I
don't think you know how decision-making
works because I know all that stuff all
that stuff you told me I knew all that
do you know how decisions are made
because decisions are made taking all
that and combining it with all the other
stuff and then you weigh the odds and
make your decision so I'm gonna score
that one for me from now from a medical
perspective because of course what do I
know about anything medical
but from a risk management perspective
and from the fact that we can see a
number of other countries are obviously
doing exactly this so we don't know if
it works great yet that's a separate
question I I'm never I'll never be the
one that tells you it works great how
would I know I don't believe any of the
studies but there's certainly enough to
make you think you might that certainly
a number of other countries are going at
it hard so I'm for for for that you've
got the the ventilator situation all
right now my understanding of the
ventilator situation is there's a little
bit of a question here a little bit of a
question oh yeah I feel one more after
this that whether the ventilators are
helping people are killing them in the
specific case of The Cove aid patients
now you've probably seen you've probably
seen on the Internet at least if not in
the news I'm not even sure if the
mainstream news has covered these
stories but maybe they have that maybe
the ventilators are making things worse
not better you've seen that right what
was my recommendation about ventilators
well I didn't know anything about
ventilators until I started seeing these
reports of you know maybe the
ventilators or worse but do you think
that people stopped using ventilators
the moment people started raising the
alarm possibly what I saw was that
people were getting better results maybe
with these nose cannulas or whatever
they are basically just regular oxygen
in a more in less aggressive way so I've
seen those reports I don't know what's
true how would I know how would I know
if I'd known as cannula is better than a
ventilator and in what situations but
if it's true and I would need a fact
check on this that hospitals can bill
insurance companies a god-awful amount
if that ventilator goes down the throat
and far far less if it doesn't and
hospitals are hurting for money right
now if all of those things are true what
does that create a situation which
you've heard be described before there's
a huge upside potential for if somebody
wanted to act badly huge upside
potential low opportunity to be caught
why because my understanding is that
they only use the ventilator in very
prescriptive situations
I need a fact check on that too so you
should ignore everything I'm saying in
this segment because I'm probably just
spreading spreading conspiracy theories
but my understanding is that they use it
in a very specific case so that they
don't get sued so that if I'm just
guessing is something like your oxygen
levels plus something else so if you if
you hit the checklist the ventilator
goes down now even if they were
suspected that the ventilator was
killing people in this specific
situation of kovat and I don't know that
that's true but if they did suspect that
would they be influenced by the fact
that there would be a gigantic financial
incentive as well as probably lower risk
to follow the checklist to do what you
do when the oxygen is this and the other
signs are this even if you thought it
was killing them if you don't know I
mean you don't know but you know one
pays you a lot so they might die either
way you don't really know do you you
don't know because that's the whole
point if I think if the doctors knew it
was killing people like if they actually
knew I can imagine you know except the
in the rarest case I can't imagine a
doctor actually killing somebody
intentionally
if they knew I was gonna kill them but
what if they just thought it was a
toss-up
what if they thought for themselves I
don't really know but I do know that the
checklist says I should be doing it and
that's the checklist that keeps me from
getting sued because at least I'll say
well I had a suspicion but like I didn't
have any proof that it was killing
people because do that I would have to
have some kind of a study and I'm not in
the study I'm in a hospital so it would
be easy for me to imagine that the
ventilators or maybe a little over years
I'm just I am that's something we're
going to look at but I wouldn't want to
I don't want to suggest that that's true
because this is this is so much the kind
of situation where it turns out the
whole things just BS meaning that maybe
hospitals don't don't make more if the
ventilator is used you know some basic
part of the story
it's just untrue so be on guard that
there might be like a basic part of that
story that's just isn't true so that's
what happens when you play you put
together everything you've heard on the
Internet all right
so all I'm saying is you should always
listen to the experts I think I made my
case all right here are some weird
things that are happening because the
simulation is speaking to us
have you noticed now that you're
starting to see the world more clearly
it does it feel like 2020 is a year when
there's some kind of veil that's being
lifted on reality or at least on what
you understood about how as civilization
was put together there are a lot of
assumptions falling away right and isn't
it weird that the simulation would pick
this year
to make us see things clearly what year
is this 2020 the simulation is letting
us see clearly in 2020 2020 eye sight
how cool is that
and I tweeted I found a picture I had I
tweeted this a long time ago but it got
funnier over time I had purchased for
gardening there's a little thing called
a TDS meter now it just says actually
TDS meter on it which was funny which is
why I tweeted it but I didn't realize
the first time I tweeted it how much
more meaningful would be because right
next to it it said made in China
so it was a TDS meter made in China that
I just happened to run into today but
what are the odds the simulation
delivers here is the weirdest thing
about the tragic situation of a mood are
burry who was slain by the two guys who
recklessly brought that gun to to
confront him here's the weird thing
about this story are you ready for it
I'm gonna give you the the take on the
story that nobody's given you do you
think that's possible
is there any way because you're probably
sick of the freaking story by now right
it's a tragedy what could you do you
know you talk about it all day long it's
not gonna help the family but here's my
take on it nobody disagrees it's the
weirdest kind of a kind of a
conversation because nobody really
disagreed is if you actually and people
are acting like they're arguing without
disagreeing have you noticed that
because have you seen or heard one
person who said yeah it was a good shoot
yeah that's that's exactly what they
should have been out there doing no have
you seen one person who thought that the
guys who who were you know chasing the
Moses name
I moved the guys does anybody think that
the guys who chased them were using good
judgment nobody literally nobody thinks
they were using good judgment all the
way through does anybody think that
walking around in somebody's house is
gonna raise suspicion does anybody think
it's the worst thing in the world if you
wouldn't if you weren't right down the
line nobody disagrees on any part of it
there was it was people who made what
turned out to be bad decisions at the
time and what really the big problem was
that all the bad decisions happened in
the same place if you take three people
who make bad decisions once in a while
you know we don't know that they only
made bad decisions right I wouldn't
wouldn't allege that but if you take
somebody who sometimes makes bad
decisions and you put them in a field
all by themselves probably no problem if
you take two people who sometimes make
decisions that are bad and put them in a
field next to each other well a little
more a little more
opportunity for something to go wrong
but if you add that third person who has
a tendency to make bad decisions you are
two of them you've got a bad situation
now is it is it racism well that's what
everybody wants to talk about but if you
have a situation where you could easily
imagining you happen no matter which
races any of them were where do you get
that information unless you are yourself
a racist so this is where the parody
begins what would make people think that
the two white guys were racists well it
would be the what would be the
interpretation that says yeah this is
obviously it's because they're a racist
it's not because they're white isn't
because that's the only evidence I see I
don't see now if it turns out they have
some body of work and wish
they've said things that would be
appalling I will immediately change my
opinion but as far as I know as far as I
know it's just who they are that makes
you assume that they're racist is that
not true
and if you're assuming somebody's a
racist because of who they are not what
they did because again it would be easy
to imagine that situation where you
could just mix up all the ethnicities
ages and genders if everybody involved
still gets them something like that same
outcome
it'd just be easy you know you could you
could recast that a million times and
you put three people who made bad
decisions in the past
I'm guessing and maybe they made them
that night they just happen to happen at
the same time so it was you know a
terrible tragedy but to imagine
therefore that you can read minds or
that there that they were racist because
they're white I would say it's not in
evidence should it become an evidence
later I would reconsider so that's my
take on it and people are acting like
they're disagreeing but I don't think
they are I don't think there's a thing I
just said that anybody would disagree
with if you actually you know could you
talk to them one on one
there's now one thing I just said
anybody would disagree with I don't
think right just a tragedy here's a it's
really interesting well you can decide
if it's interesting takes on what what's
going to happen after the coronavirus
situation is passed
now bla Srinivasan you might think of
him as more of a this is the fun part
because it's from three different
personalities so you might think of him
as a you know a tech you have very he's
hard to describe she's such a
Renaissance kind of personality but
somebody whose future minded technology
minded you know Science and Technology
kind of a brain and so he says one
possible good future after the
coronavirus stuff is that people would
move out to rural areas work remotely
James changed jobs more easily in a
truly global labor market fewer but
longer drives with autonomous cars 24/7
delivery drones socialize online and in
virtual reality
physical social distancing was a digital
social networking question mark so those
are just sort of some you know thoughts
about how things might be different now
those come from may remember technology
futurists tended for personality and
then retweeting that with his own
comment is nate silver now Nate would be
most famous for his statistical
analytical abilities so so his take on
it goes another possible future there's
a vaccine in 12 to 18 months people
mostly go back to how they were living
before but with greater awareness of
pandemic risk in other words everything
just reversed of the mean yeah it'll be
just like before because things revert
to the mean so the the technologist is
seeing all these technology
opportunities and and the market you
know the market meeting those
opportunities and sort of building the
future the the guy who knows the most
about statistics says quite reasonably
by the way I'm not I'm not giving you an
opinion which is the you know the more
likely one it's just going from two
different personalities so it's from
Nate's filter yeah we get a vaccine go
back to the way we were mostly and then
the last one the last assumption or the
last prediction is for me so I thought
well now we've heard from two different
personalities let's see what I can add
to this so I said yet another possible
future the flaws of our ancient
assumptions and Rusted systems have now
been cruelly revealed making them easy
prey for our geniuses and engineers who
will lead civilization to the golden age
that's my bet
so nobody of course knows what's going
to happen I would say that this is
bigger than all of us so anybody who
says they can predict what's gonna
happen after the coronavirus I think
that's that's a stretch you know you
know I've had some good predictions but
they were narrow little areas you know
but predicting how everything goes
that's that's a lot to ask but there are
some things that I could say with some
confidence one is that and see a few
agree with me in the comments here one
is that this is caused us to completely
rethink everything all of our
assumptions all of our systems why do we
drive to work you know what why do you
some why are some things physical or our
entire civilization if you think about
it
well not entire about let's say 90% of
our civilization is a pre-internet
design think about that I mean that
that's sort of the kill shot right there
and I have to go on 90% of civilization
is preeminent pre-internet design I'm
just making up that not purpose
something like that what happened with
the coronavirus situation everybody just
took a step back and said okay I should
I just continue running as hard as I can
in the same direction forever you know
now that I've got a I got a pull back
what do I see you know what what has
been revealed what do I know now because
of this the lockdown and everything else
what do I know now that I didn't know
before and the answer is a lot a lot we
really found out a lot about where all
the weaknesses are in our systems we
know where our food systems are bad we
know what kind of people are gonna need
help and what kind where we'll probably
learn something about printing trillions
of dollars weirdly it looks like we can
just print money if we want to I don't
know if there's going to be a penalty
for this but it looks like there might
not be in this weird situation where
inflation is largely impossible
so almost everything from you know you
might not have a post office I think all
the newspapers are likely to disappears
the
the date the nature of news itself is
going to change because an entire
industry is just going to you know
likely going to disappear along with
with my job and you know that's just a
fraction and I think even stuff like
health care they're likely to be
gigantic lasting changes for example one
of the things happen during the lockdown
was that and I was part of this process
I was suggested to the task force
through some excellent help Thank You
Jonah Shumate I suggested to the task
force the idea of letting doctors who
are doing tela-health practice across
state lines because the emergency you
couldn't do that before
I think that'll probably last what kind
of a what kind of a permanent change
would that have on the cost structure
and just the very assumptions about how
a new health care now add that to the
fact that we learned how to rapidly
build all of these these testing devices
so manufacturing is going to come back
to the United States so now add the fact
that we're going to start manufacturing
tons of you know medical devices
probably around more locally add to the
fact that you'll be able to get your
doctor on the phone how hard will it be
to get a test from any at least you know
place locally it could be your CVS your
Walmart because they will be doing this
stuff you go in you get a test you know
send it on your app to your telehealth
doctor I mean you could see you could
see universal health care happening at a
lower cost than current health care very
easily and it could it could be a direct
outcome of the coronaviruses stuff so
that's just one example but I I think
everything from education to the way we
commute live recreational be rethought
from scratch and the result will be a
little thing we call the Golden Age here
in the middle of act three
act 3 is when you get really whacked
hard and it doesn't look like you could
come back that's just about where we're
at but we humans don't really lose in
the end if you noticed we do have a
hundred thousand year on broken record
of kicking the ass of every microbe
virus mammal bird and fish that gets in
our way so we are gonna climb on top of
this or just a bad at the top of the the
hump head over feel good about it so a
weird thing happened on the internet
today I don't know if you've ever seen
this happened that I I swear I'm not
making this up this is a real thing that
happened to me I promise cross my heart
I'm not making this up I changed my mind
on something I know I know I think you
don't believe it because you've never
seen it right nobody's ever changed
their mind about anything in politics or
on the internet but damn Ann Coulter
wrote an opinion piece about the the
virus and whether came from the lab or
it came from the web Marcus didn't you
kind of expect the Ann Coulter would
write that it came from the lab wouldn't
you what do you have expected that well
what I wouldn't have seen coming is that
you know she's anti neocon anti war for
no reason and why not yeah nothing wrong
with that and she makes a compelling
lawyerly argument but not like a lawyer
she's one of the best writers in the
country she makes a compelling argument
that it probably came from the web
market and I thought that myself damn it
damn it
Ann Coulter yeah I'll try to give you
her argument quickly and those there was
a fact that I kind of knew but somehow I
hadn't put it in place the way she had
and I thought
all makes sense now and here's the way
she she puts it in context first of all
who was like who would like the United
States to get into some kind of a
military confrontation with anybody it
would be the neocons
so if you believe there are these people
called neo cons you know these ultra you
know right right-wing people in the
government and the wheels of Industry in
the military-industrial complex and that
these neo cons are always itching for a
war or at the very least a buildup of
military equipment because presumably
they all make money on on the military
industrial complex so it would move them
to make us think that we need to build
up our military because China's a threat
so if you were to ask yourself is there
anybody who would be capable of this is
my spend not not ants is there anybody
who would be capable of creating a rumor
that it came from the lab which would be
the worst-case scenario who would be
capable and have the motive and if there
are such things as neo cons well okay
there you have the motive and you have
the opportunity because the opportunity
part is easy right it's pretty easy to
start a rumor who can do that and so
there's a huge potential website right
odds of getting caught and going to jail
for starting a rumor zero potential
upside if it causes a military buildup
because it's part of what makes us get
antagonistic toward China profit
incalculable gigantic so in a situation
like that who do you expect people to
start a rumor that would benefit them in
incalculable ways and they couldn't get
caught not in any serious way yeah yeah
we live in a world where that's a ripe
situation for that doesn't mean it
happened
but it's the righteous of situations and
then and makes this case you know I
guess a lot was made of the fact that it
was a bat virus but there were no bats
in the wet market you all heard that
right so it couldn't have come from bats
because they didn't have any bats in the
wet markets anywhere near there but as
an explains and I kind of knew this but
somehow I missed the significance
because I mean idiots it we know that
the virus didn't go from bat to human it
went through some middle species which
appeared this panic win or whatever the
hell it is some kind of animal or bird
yeah Pangolin I don't know what that is
but some kind of a creature which
apparently they are at the markets so
the argument that it couldn't have been
at the wet work it doesn't make sense
just of course it could so once you
throw in the fact that there's somebody
who has a motive to tell you the wrong
story and it's easy to do and you throw
in the fact that the most ordinary way
this happens is through the the wet
markets and then you throw in the fact
that any any virus lab in the world
would probably have safety violations
which is what and also said I thought
that myself oh that's that's a good
point I'll bet you could randomly pick
you know any top-level secret facility
and say alright we're gonna do an audit
what are they gonna find well they don't
find nothing because the people who do
the audit are paid to find stuff if you
pay somebody to do an audit and look for
safety violations they'll find them 100%
of the time otherwise you know why are
you gonna buy them the next time so so
here's the thing before I read and
argument I would have said 80% chance it
came from the lab just like our
intelligence agencies are saying our
intelligence agencies right just like
what they're saying and that you know
China is lying about that and everything
else
and I want to say to 80% chance it was
the lab not intentional does that just
never made sense to me but maybe an
accident
I would now revise that to 5050
I want to go 6040 Webb market
I'm gonna go 55% likely that the Ann
Coulter argument is right 55% that it
was the Webb market don''t somebody says
that pangolins are faint news I'm
willing to be persuaded
you saw me be persuaded once anyway the
point is this is the kind of news that
you just can't be sure of anything
anymore right you just can't be sure of
anything
I don't think you'd rule out the fact
that it was engineered I do not think
you can rule out engineered no not not
even a little bit but you also can't
rule out the wet market and I thought it
was a little bit easier to rule out the
wet market but if you can't rule it out
and it is the most common way that other
viruses have started you kind of have to
play the odds don't you if it usually
starts in this way and this way is the
same way it's always been and it usually
starts that way what makes this the one
time has started the other way good good
or s or as a jack for Sabich said on
twitter here's where do you think the
guys from the lab go to eat what do you
think they go to lunch and I don't know
how would you score that you know what
would the score be if if the guy from
the lab went over it got it on his shoe
and then he braids he brought the deadly
virus into the lab would you score that
as a lab accident if it then got out of
the lab I don't know all right
that's probably all I wanted to say on
that anybody want to ask me a question
I'm gonna take some questions gonna
catch somebody off guard get ready get
on your game a question answering will
begun will begin alright we'll see if
Jeff is awake Jeff are you awake hey do
you have a question for me I I knew
beyond a shadow of a doubt that tonight
you'd asked me to come on online tonight
it's weird I'm a physician
I'm a hospitalist I work in critical
care medicine I've had the unfortunate
pleasure of treating this virus and yeah
it's kind of a scary virus and okay can
you can you tell us what part of the
country or you want to keep that I'll
tell you I'm in Oklahoma southwest
Oklahoma I'm in a fairly rural area
medium sized hospital most of my
patients have come out of a federal
prison actually yeah
so let me ask you this of the so this is
anecdotal how many how many patients
have you seen roughly a lot of you uh I
would say in the hospital in as a
primary as a hospital it's probably a
dozen and then I've consulted with a lot
of people all across the United States
that couldn't get hydroxychloroquine
friends of friends that would call me
and I did some telemedicine with them
maybe another dozen so two dozen maybe
so you know I know that it's impossible
to do a controlled study or anything but
is there any observation just
anecdotally that you would say people
need to know X that something works or
something doesn't work it's raised
anything this that that is in your mind
as my god I think we're looking at this
wrong
any-anything stick out no I think in
general we're looking at this correctly
I think the social distancing the
flattening curve has helped at least it
has in my part of the country so far but
what about the meds the meds yeah so
hydroxychloroquine anecdotally I've
talked to many doctors that have used it
we're kind of in the red
Belt here and so you know this drugs
been politicized obviously but a lot of
us are using it and we seem to be having
good effects if it's used early if you
wait until you're on the ventilator
forget it you know you're in a different
different part or phase of the disease
where not much it's gonna help I think
so have you seen anybody yourself who
got on hydroxychloroquine early who did
not have let's say well whether or not
they had other comorbidities or not who
went on to not make it no I have not but
and I've only had one patient died of
this and and he was in very poor health
and and quite frankly we didn't put him
on on the drug because at first we
didn't think he had it he presented
differently he didn't appear to be a
coronavirus patient so so no I wanted to
address one thing that you said earlier
or you're talking about when it comes to
putting patients on ventilators and
reimbursement so there's two areas of
reimbursement that occur in a
hospitalized patient you have what they
call E&M coding which is the physicians
fee and that is a very small variance
and it absolutely has nothing to do with
whether or not we intubate a patient
what you're addressing is the hospital
fee which is based on what they call a
DRG or icd-9 coding or 10:00 coding now
and yes that he goes up dramatically but
the physician does not participate in
that reimbursement at least not most
areas there may be some models where
doctors get a kickback but in most
places that's illegal so and when you
put a patient on a ventilator it
probably costs the hospital more money
than they're getting reimbursed had they
avoided it to begin with
so yes there is what I think it's about
three times the dollar amount that with
the hospital gets but you're probably
spending more than three times that well
let me ask you this do you have a sort
of a checklist that says when you can
and cannot use a ventilator to keep you
out of trouble
in other words
if you do it if you do it according to
these criteria you're always gonna be
okay even if things go wrong yeah
anything like that yeah I would say I
mean it's not a exact checklist but yes
the idea the way you're thinking about
it is correct so well hold on let me
finish the thought that so if that's if
that's correct then a doctor who
suspected then maybe the ventilator
might not be helping as much as is
hurting would still be it would be an
easier path for them to follow the
checklist if it's a close call wouldn't
you say yeah I think so but this is
evolving so rapidly there's a guy by the
name of Scott weingartz at Stony Brook
Hospital that's really on the cutting
edge of this and and what we're finding
out is what you're saying earlier that
it appears that when we put people on
dental aiders it tends to accelerate the
process you want to delay that as long
as possible and that knowledge is just
now kind of getting to circulate around
you know most of what you know guys like
me in rural communities you know the the
the old way of thinking was if you come
in your SATs are low you look like crap
you put them on the tube
have you tried the nose cannulas for the
oxygen yes yeah we call high flow oxygen
and that's what we use primarily now in
fact we have actually prone to patients
without being on a ventilator we used to
only prone patients once they went on to
tell tell people to tell people what
that means to prone them to put them on
their stomach so most of the volume of
your lung is on the backside of your
lung and if you're laying on your back
that part fills up with fluid and you
don't get good oxygen transfer by
flipping you're over the dynamics of the
lung become such that you get better
oxygenation and we only used to do that
when a patient was like far gone on the
tube last-ditch effort we turned them
over in the bed it's a real pain in the
butt now we're literally pruning people
when they're not on a ventilator they're
just on nasal prong cannula and and
we're having dramatic responses to that
they actually improved quickly it's it's
the weird thing to see a patient wing on
their belly and the I see here without a
tube down their throat but we're seeing
that more and more
dude do you think that baby because it
does seem that the the death rate is
dropping quite nicely at least I think
it was maybe it's going to go up again
because the the lockdown slowly ending
but do you think there was anything that
the doctor that the doctors were
collectively doing better that made the
death rate go down in other words they
change a procedure and medication learn
something they didn't know is this this
whole prone thing turned it was a pretty
big deal I understand but I'm wondering
if you think there was any one thing or
things yes which like dramatically
changed the death rate well I may be
early say but if I had to surmise yes
and it would be that delaying intubation
and putting a person on the ventilator
it seems to be the best choice but and
it's probably saving more lives so
meaning and we've always known that
putting a person on a ventilator
across-the-board increases mortality but
in this particular way wait but they
can't increase mortality in general or a
wouldn't be used well it depends on how
you compare the patient so you know you
know statistics are but wait wait is
this a cause and effect thing because
you were you only put the ventilator
into people or you know it's just a long
shot anyway right you're correct but
there's some studies out there that
suggests that if you could minimize the
time on a ventilator or delay going on
to it in some cases mortality decreases
got it okay but with this virus it seems
to be that you know you only want to put
somebody on the ventilator when you have
absolutely no other option and even
those patients do pretty poorly but it
seems to accelerate death what we're
seeing if you put them on early like we
used to for other conditions you might
actually make things worse and so I
think that maybe saving lives
the knowledge that's getting out there
now a lot from what Scott weingartz are
doing in Stony Brook is really getting
around the nation and we start to follow
it so so I've got to ask you about
vitamin D when we know for example
they're all yeah after watch out for
confirmation versus actually makes sense
so my confirmation bias
I'll just put it looks like this that we
know vitamin DS you know good for your
immune system so it makes sense that
could have some some effect and if we
observe that old people are having a bad
time well that makes sense because
they're old but they also don't get out
as much probably don't get as much Sun
we've heard that the african-american
community is getting hit hard they have
more trouble processing vitamin D is I
as I understand that kids are doing well
they're you know they probably get more
Sun than anybody we're less sunscreen
even though they shouldn't maybe so so
there seems to be this almost perfect
correlation and and then the places that
you think wouldn't be getting much such
as the skin to Navion countries they
know they don't get enough so the
reading cotton oil and fish and stuff so
there's an almost it's allege there's an
almost perfect correlation between how
much vitamin D you're getting and how
much trouble you're getting but
confirmation bias we're getting to the
same place right so it doesn't mean it's
true it just means that's the way it
looks
tell me what you think well I think it's
very important to understand from the
onset that correlation does not equal
causation and sure so you can't say with
any certainty from what we're seeing
with this type of studies that are out
there now that having a good vitamin D
level is protective versus you know the
opposite for precisely that it is it's
just a correlation there could be a
thousand other factors involved
alright so agree on that the but could
you make use of it this way if you found
that the correlation held and you
wouldn't know which way it went
could be the the low vitamin D as a
marker for having a bad immunity to
begin with so suppose you could easily
test for vitamin D could you then say
look you folks who have boosted your
vitamin D you're probably going to be in
better shape now if you couldn't buy if
he couldn't boost your vitamin D would
mean you're probably in such bad shape
that you shouldn't go anywhere well let
me just tell you what I'm doing and
maybe this will answer your question I
am recommending people get on a
reasonable dose of vitamin D if they're
not taking it whether or not they know
their levels are higher low because it's
harmless to begin with it's cheap and a
lot of people are deficient anyways and
it's been proven that there's a
multitude of other conditions that that
you improve with improving your vitamin
D levels so I think that you know it's
one of these there may not be a study
but like you alluded to earlier it's a
decision making process and it just
makes sense to take vitamin D so that's
where I'm at with it maybe I'm wrong
maybe people criticize me for that but
I'm telling people to take about 10,000
units a day and and you know go on with
life at the camp so all right this
sounds like a good risk reward it is
possible to overdose oh I'm invited
right absolutely yeah don't eat polar
bear liver that's the best advice I've
had today no no no polar bear liver and
when you talk to your doctor friends and
you know you're nobody's watching so you
can say anything you want what what meds
do they think are the killers yeah if if
they all got together the doctors you
talked to and made a bet and they can
only pick one Sara punic or it could be
a vaccine if you know something there
which one would they bet on doesn't mean
they're right but where do you think
they would bet on current medicine has
nothing to do with coronavirus no the
question is what medicine would they bet
on that would be the most effective if
anything against coronavirus in other
words would they go with hydrogen plus
quran REM is bigger or whatever well so
in rem des aveer i think as you're aware
the way they powered that study didn't
really look at mortality it looked at
time to cure so it's the cures way out
on that yeah well what about the
monoclonal x' interesting I understand
DARPA is going to be doing some work
with it and you know we're all excited
to hear what's going to happen with that
but there's just we have know you know
the average guy on the on the street
like me all we do is read about it we
no experience with it so so here's the
question I don't know that you would
answer this but I just for the audience
it seems to be that if you can find
somebody who's you know already got the
antibodies that the hard way to get
enough of them is to take them from each
individual who can give you a pint of
blood that seems like hard to scale that
up but if you if you could clone it you
could scale it faster except I don't
think we have enough cloning resources
we know how to clone but it's not
something that scales that easily so the
question I have is who makes those
cloning devices who makes them who makes
the lab equipment they could if if the
if the federal government said look guys
there's one thing that we're pretty sure
it's gonna work because well you would
you back me on this following statement
but tell me if this is too strong it
can't be wrong to put antibodies into
people is that too strong I don't think
it's too terribly strong I mean there's
gonna be a couple cases obviously
outliers but I think in general it's
probably a good idea so so so if we
could just put a let's say a Manhattan
Project on whatever this lab equipment
is so we can scale up enough just think
the hardiest antibody as we can and just
start making this stuff now would have
to be injected or would it be a pill
intervenors IVIG
it would have to so it can't it can't so
that doesn't scale that well either
you can't just knock you late everybody
or using practically the doctors within
fusion centers with me making the
killing yeah well you could but you know
that's another thing you could scale up
right there must be all you need is a
nurse or a phlebotomist right well this
this was a great call thank you so much
I'm watching the audience comments and
they're really happy thanks for that you
are one of my heroes and the reason I
say that is
is that I know that what you do has come
to a personal cost to you and I think
that you're doing it for the betterment
of humanity I believe that and I believe
you taking a personal cost in and and
kudos to you for that I really
appreciate that thank you I appreciate
that very much
and yeah I do take your personally all
right thank you thank you Scott bye
all right
I believe that's off enough for today
and I will talk to you in the morning