bum bum bum bum bum bum bum hey it's
time it's time for no coffee with Scott
Adams because it's too late at night but
it is time to find out more about the
Golden Age the Golden Age is coming yeah
it turns out that this coronavirus was
like the third act it's the thing we had
to get past and I'll lay it out for you
in a moment we're gonna keep the theme
alive that at least for the rest of
Sunday we're gonna have positive
thoughts all positive thoughts are they
real are they realistic doesn't matter
for today we're gonna wrap ourselves in
a cocoon of positive thoughts and I've
got a whiteboard to take it home how
would you like to see the whiteboard
alright here's here's the setup setup is
this for all of the time that I have
been alive things have been based on
basically something that evolved from I
don't know the 30s the house that many
people live in if you live in a house
type of a structure was probably
designed how much different is it than a
hundred years ago but our lives have
changed completely
so we're living in a world that was
designed for other people it's a big
thought we are living in a world
designed for other people people who are
not alive anymore our design ideas of
what a house is how we live what a
community is what a city is what a
street is what a school is that is a
system and a bunch of systems that work
together they were designed for other
people we don't live like those people
were not those people those people died
decades ago
well but what was what was preventing us
from building something for us why were
we putting up with these incremental
little tweaks to somebody else's
civilization that we just happen to be
living in well we put up with it because
it's hard to change things people things
you know have an inertia they just keep
on going it's hard to change anything
but also our minds were not in that
place because did you know you were
living in somebody else's world did you
ever once have that thought did you get
up in the morning and look around say
you know everything I'm going to
experience today was designed for
somebody who died a hundred years ago
you know the road was there that you
know you know maybe cars weren't there
but basically you're living in somebody
else's world and the coronavirus just
changed that because the one of the
things that the coronavirus did that I
think will be the least appreciated
effect is that it changed how we think
about everything when you had to rethink
everything from scratch how do I go to
school how do I commute how do I work
how do I even interact with my own
family when you have to start from
scratch and rethink everything suddenly
it becomes clear to you that you were
living in someone else's world
completely and you had bought into it
like that was okay it was sort of like
you know some animal takes over another
animal's debt and just moves in but
they're not really an animal that lives
in the den you know if you're a it would
be like being a let's say a tiger that
climbs a tree and sees a bird nest there
and then goes and lives in the bird nest
Tigers don't belong in bird's nests they
don't fit but if the tiger was let's say
asleep in his mind you know just didn't
know much about his reality and might
say well I guess Tigers living
yes now it wouldn't know the difference
and that's the world that you've been
living in your entire life
you've been a tiger in the bird's nest
mine until the corona virus you thought
maybe that was okay because it was just
what you're used to so now having been
forced to rethink everything so once
again somebody's confused about
analogies let me pause to clean this up
no I have never said elegies are
worthless they're worthless for
persuasion specifically they're great
for describing a new concept which is
the way I just used it if I if I go to
persuade you and I try to persuade you
with an analogy watch how it doesn't
work that's the lesson yeah it won't
work you can see it for yourself if I
ever try it's not going to persuade you
I promise but as an explanation of
something new they're great all right
here's what's going to change guaranteed
we are living in the legacy systems all
of our systems our legacy meaning it's
you know something built for a prior
time here's the way this can get fixed
and this is the way you would design
anything if you knew how to design right
so you wouldn't whoever said changed my
world baby you made me laugh alright so
the way you would design anything if you
really knew how to design things is that
first you would live with a family you
would actually embed yourself with a
variety of different families and you
would actually watch what they do during
the day because you're going to try to
ultimately design a new place for them
to live with new systems from scratch so
first you see what they actually do and
let's say you see one of the parents
comes down let's say it's mom mom comes
down and she's she starts to leave the
door and she forgot her keys so she's
got to walk all the way upstairs again
and she gets her key she comes all the
way back down and she forgot her wallet
she has to go all the way upstairs again
get a wallet come all the way back down
now you're the observer and you're
saying what I'll get what's wrong with
this system okay how about if we're
gonna design this community from scratch
how about you never need keys how about
it's just biometrics how about so you
don't have to ever go back and get your
keys how about if we don't have physical
money and credit cards what if it's just
also biometrics or it could be you know
just could be your phone so what if you
just get rid of all those things that
made mom annoyed for those five minutes
and then you keep watching and it's
everything from the way they do homework
so let's say the kids are home in there
there's no place to do homework and
they're laying on their beds doing
homework now a lot of kids like to do
their homework on the bed but it's the
worst place to do it you should be
sitting up properly and you should have
a table and you should have a proper
light and away from the other noise so
that the researcher says mmm couldn't do
homework but even more maybe why go to
school at all maybe there should be one
or two places spaces in the home in
which you've got a big enough screen and
some headphones and a kid or two could
take classes you know and it's actually
optimized as a room for learning that's
just what it does it's not a TV room
it's a learning room now these are just
ideas the point is that if you don't
stop but if you don't start your process
by actually spending time and recording
what people do how could you possibly
design a better system now do you think
that home builders do this do you think
that there's a major home builder who's
who's studying things from the from the
bottom up to build a perfect house I
don't think so
here's what I think a home builder does
I think a home builder says what's sold
well last time what are our competitors
selling that is selling well for them
and that I think they build the house
that they know how to build because you
know that's important you don't you
don't want to take five years figuring
out how to build a house you want to
build the house you know how to build
that's very similar to the ones that
people are buying
try a little something see if anybody
buys more of those tests your way
through it but I'll tell you what
they're not doing they're now starting
from scratch to ask how do people live
in 2020 and beyond but they could so
let's say that you've done that and now
you know how people live and what a
proper house needs to have next would be
what I'll call ideal room designs
why do we have a million different looks
for every room because I guarantee you
that there are some room designs that
are close to universally right and some
that just aren't as good why don't we
standardize on some rooms or standard
bathroom kitchen bedroom etc living room
that can be easily furnished but here's
the thing the everything from the light
to the colors the textures to how easy
it is to maintain it and everything you
consider all of these things and then
you make each room like it's a separate
product alright so a bedroom would be a
product and if you wanted to live in a
home you could say all by three bedrooms
and then you could put them together in
an arrangement you know maybe not an
infinitely different arrangement but if
you set structures so you'd have perfect
rooms and then you would get your
systems engineers involved to not just
design a home because that's that's what
we've done before if all you're doing is
designing a home and you plop it in the
middle of other homes that were also
designed that just to be homes you
haven't really designed the system so
you need your systems engineers to come
in and say okay what's the ideal size
for a community won't make it too big
won't make it too small what are we
gonna do about energy how we're gonna
make this thing green yeah what's the
best engineering for that should we put
it around a you know generation for
nuclear power plant you know what how do
we do this you probably wanted to have
your own banking is there any reason a
new community built from scratch
couldn't just have an automatic digital
bank and just everybody has that bank
they could have other banks too but if
you're living in the community the
homeowners association or the town or
whatever just has some software and it's
your bank so it's just a software bank
maybe you'd have software insurance too
and you might have software that's sort
of the backbone of this whole thing you
know running it yeah you'd have to make
sure that you had the right kind of
transportation I'll just throw out some
wild ideas if you are going to build a a
community today from scratch would you
build each home so it could accommodate
a drone landing on the roof
maybe the drone is just delivering small
packages and stuff but would you
consider that in your original design
that probably drones will be delivering
small stuff so you don't have to drive
to the store maybe so maybe you'd have
underground walkways underground
transportation but anyway the engineers
would figure that out as well as
everything from healthcare to security
and figuring out what kind of nature to
put around it now I'm gonna start I'm
gonna start deleting anybody I'm gonna
block anybody who mentions communism or
socialism okay because there's nothing
and anything you're gonna see that is
even remotely like that
okay so if anybody starts saying that's
communism you're taking my freedom or
whatever I'm just gonna block you
because you're not ready for this all
right so those are the first three
phases all very doable I think you can
see and then here's the fun part you
start building home kits you should be
Lego like meaning that you can snap them
together should be so easy that you
could hire your uber driver to assemble
your house for you now not specifically
an uber driver but the point is
unskilled labor should be able to take
these you know blocks and say oh here's
the directions here's the YouTube video
for today's work this block
okay there's only one place I can go
boom no cutting would be involved no
cutting no sawing no resizing everything
would be the right size because let's
say the floor panels are all squares so
you might have different size rooms
depending on your needs but they would
always be the they would always be true
to the the one foot square so you never
have to cut them you just add another
square or not but you never have to cut
anything you'd make it low-maintenance
and you'd make it one level because you
could assemble one level more easily now
I don't know how exactly you would do
the the the foundation part to make sure
that it's got everything it needs but I
think engineers could figure that out
and even the the plumbing and the
electrical could be just different
components where you say okay I need
some electrical here so you put in a you
snap on a different kind of component
that has a pipe in it so that would be
the basic idea
now you wouldn't build it yourself
necessarily like I said it could be
built by unskilled laborers so you could
have your your landscaper you know take
the weekend and help you or whatever so
you wouldn't have to do it yourself then
once you've got some kits you find some
places to test them it could be in a
brand new location it could be where
some urban blight has been cleared allow
bill pulled a you know the blade
authority you've heard this where large
swaths of broken down you know stuff in
the inner cities has been removed and
and it's just available so why not try
something that you probably have to
relax the codes and I think the
coronavirus helps us there too because
if you relax some of the building codes
you could do a lot more obviously and I
think that we saw so many codes and
regulations being relaxed during the
coronavirus that we just sort of feel
like that's a thing now it didn't feel
like it was a thing before right to get
rid of any red tape but now we just got
rid of mass
amounts of red tape and had to and we
all lived through it and now your mind
is a little primed and you're thinking
well why don't I get rid of some more
red tape that worked out pretty well so
there is something about being the right
time in the right place which is
happening right now I think and then we
should also think about the design of
the communities in terms of who lives
there which might be more important here
overall happiness than anything else let
me let me give you a provocative thought
that I had today that's gonna that's
gonna blow your mind you ready this will
be this might be the one thing you
remember I have this periscope I promise
it'll make your your brain hurt here it
is do you think that drug addicts have a
drug problem or do they have some kind
of a less a self-control problem you
probably think it's one of those right
it's either a drug problem as some
people would say or it's about the
individual there's there's something
they need to fix in themselves those are
probably the two ways that people look
at it or a combination of the two things
let me give you a new frame drug addicts
are allergic to other people who are not
drug addicts the danger for a drug
addict is the other people because who
brings drugs we're into a place where
addicts would otherwise be by themselves
not addicts because the kid well let me
let me say it in a cleaner place
obviously an addict sometimes gets drugs
the poison says if you have a city or a
community there was nothing but addicts
who would build the drugs I'm sorry we
would build a liquor store there nobody
because you couldn't make any money so
if a world was only Avex
and there were no non addicts the
addicts themselves would have no problem
because they wouldn't be you know they
wouldn't be building their own liquor
store there would be no place to buy it
because the only people who buy it you
know
should be buying it are the other people
so if you think about it the weird
situation of addicts is that they need
to be away from regular people at least
until you know they've got things under
control so if you built a place where I
was only addicts they wouldn't have the
the problem of dealing with regular
people in there and there are liquor
stores and and there ways
now you might also build communities for
families or seniors or singles you know
there might be a variety of ways to do
it maybe some mixed-use you could see
some situations where you've already
seen this where some college-age
students are living with senior citizens
because it's really a good combo you
know the young person can help them with
some stuff the old person has a nice
house but it's sort of empty so we're
already seeing that that's that's a
trend maybe you could build a community
with that taken into consideration
alright so here's the bottom line
everything about our legacy lifestyle
from school to how we live to how we eat
everything there's now under a question
and I think that people are going to get
real serious about designing from
scratch and if you can you can imagine
the the magnitude of this kind of a
change because the thing that we don't
get right with housing because we don't
really build it to the person and the
person well let me let me show you this
while I'm talking about it so the golden
age is gonna come because we're gonna
have super low interest rates which is
real good for construction all of our
assumptions about how we live has
changed because of the coronavirus
there's this entrepreneurial gigantic
wave this coming largely because
everybody had to rethink all their
assumptions and suddenly they said maybe
working for that old boss that just
fired me is not a safe job anymore so I
think you're gonna see just a huge wave
of entrepreneurial action
but most importantly I think we're gonna
learn that our happiness as as creatures
in this universe depends very much on
programming our bodies and our brains
with our environment and what I mean by
that is if you can build a low-cost
situation which is designed well but
allows you to get your vitamin D because
the the need for sunshine is built into
it it allows you to get your quiet time
because we need that it allows you to
sleep well with darkened
you know darkened rooms that aren't too
loud if it allows you to be safe
let's say it's got really good security
if it allows you to be less bothered
less anxious less stressed every one of
these things are things which your
physical surroundings can control they
can control you with color sound you
know the availability of good food good
nutrition and and just the impact has on
your your wallet every one of these
things programs you if you want to be
happy you first have to understand that
you're being programmed by your
environment and then the second thing
you need to do is learn to program your
environment so it programs you that's
the part that's missing and we're so
close to unlocking the Golden Age by
realizing it so let me say it again if
you're just letting the environment
program you you're just taking it as it
comes you're just living in somebody
else's world which is what we've been
doing a world that was designed for
people in the thirty sort of long long
since died but if you want to if you
want to take part into something amazing
you have to realize this simple truth
about the world you can change your
environment and if you do it right it
programs you the way you wanted that's
the interface change your environment
and then it programs you
the simple example is let's say you
weren't getting enough vitamin D you
know whatever you think that does for
you science is pretty pretty adamant
that that's a big deal so you build a
build a community where your physical
surroundings will just accidentally give
it to you let's say you know that taking
a nice walk in the in the outdoors every
day makes you feel better by the way if
you tried this a lot of you have been
taking walks since the coronavirus
started have you noticed how much better
you feel when you take a long walk right
I mean you could really feel the
difference and it's because you've used
your external environment to reprogram
yourself internally now once you learn
that that's sort of the key to life
changing your externalities to reprogram
your yourself then the golden age is
unlocked and you get to go to the next
level
so we will be I believe in a in a wave
of innovation to reprogram our
environment so that when you sit down
you're sitting in a good place it's not
it's not giving you germs it's not
making you unhealthy it's not stressing
you we will figure out how to build a
civilization that for the first time the
first time was designed for you that's
the gold beige my friends so that's
what's coming one here are some other
fun stuff I know you do
so as we're watching yeah somebody's
saying UV light exactly you probably
would want to put some UV light into
your home of the future get those
viruses right out of there that's just
one example all right so you know how
we're not trusting any information about
the corona virus it seems as though
everything you find out turns out to be
wrong later and now there's some
question about asymptomatic shedding
apparently we don't exactly know that
asymptomatic shedding is a real thing
apparently we're just kinda sure it
might be now that's a pretty big deal
it's a pretty big deal wouldn't it be
nice to know that the other thing that
apparently we don't know for sure and I
think I told you the other day
Ann Coulter was all over this so
apparently we don't know that that virus
came from the Wuhan lab according to
Mike Pompeo recently I guess he went
from really darn sure we got plenty of
evidence that virus came from the lab
all the way to we don't really know
where it came from that's a pretty big
distance isn't it from yeah it came from
that lab too
you know had to be honest we have no
idea no idea pretty big difference the
Chinese ambassador to Israel who was
newly assigned was just found dead in
his home how often do Chinese
ambassadors die at home does that seem a
little sketch to you is there any part
of you that says Chinese ambassador dies
a home in Israel
maybe maybe okay so is wondering today
how many intelligence agencies are
watching me and yeah I'm pretty sure you
know the United States keeps an eye on
me and I know of a few others that I'm
pretty darn sure or keeping an eye on me
but I was I was wondering what would be
the criteria for some Intelligence
Agency in another country to keep an eye
on you now obviously if you're in
politics or the military that would be
obvious
but don't you think that they probably
watch at least some people who are not
politicians or in the military just
because they think you know there might
be something they can learn there and
I'm wondering how could anybody watch
American politics and and watch it
closely enough so they know who all the
players are if anybody watched me for
the last few years what don't you don't
you think they would have intelligence
assets watching me by now just to figure
out what the hell I'm doing and I I
don't know I mean I don't know what the
the odds of that are my guess um I guess
just based on things I've seen and and
heard is a baby forum that I know of but
I'm just guessing so Jake Tapper was
talking about President Jake Tapper did
a little piece and he was talking about
president Trump's quote unprecedented
smear campaign so he was talking about
how I guess Don jr. made some kind of a
joke on Twitter about pedophilia and Joe
Biden
now of course Joe Biden has never been
accused of that and and Don jr. you know
immediately said you know duh you should
be able to tell like it was a joke
so is it about any kind of a serious
accusation I know what you're thinking
he sniffs air but that's that's
different so those were the two examples
were that President Trump accused a a TV
news person of a possibly murder and I
thought because he didn't name who the
person was Jake didn't I thought to
myself did Trump accuse a News host
person of murder I thought oh yeah Joe
Scarborough actually yeah you didn't
actually say Joe Scarborough may have
murdered somebody but though
this issue of a dead body in the office
or something in the past and and Trump
Trump did suggest that there is maybe a
story here he didn't say he didn't say
directly that the Scarborough was a
murderer but so here's what's so funny
to watch so you know cNN has just been
running like one one hoax after another
for the last four years I guess you know
everything from the fine people hoax to
the Russia collusion hoax to the you
know to the drinking bleach hoax the
Ukrainian hoax there's one hoax after
another and then when when the trumps
turned it round and and they're like
well okay after four years the thing
we've learned after four years is
there's no limit to what you could say
about the other team there's no limit if
you look at what what they've been
saying about Trump for four years you'd
have to say where's the limit there's no
limit you could just make up anything
now anything oh yeah he works for Putin
okay oh yeah he's a he's a spending time
with children all right yeah let's let's
just put that out there see if anybody
believes that so what's hilarious about
this is that anybody can complain about
the other side making stuff up we are so
past the point where it means anything
to complain that somebody is making
stuff up because it's just all made up
that's all made up anyway that was fun
and my last page of notes doesn't have
anything on it so so there's that
somebody says birtherism started it well
did it because I don't know but
birtherism
did it I don't know
well thank you somebody says they
enjoyed this tonight hope it did put you
in a better mood and somebody says Joe
is not the nominee
it'll be Harris and Obama with Obama as
vice president I think so
Hooper Greta on the krona panel and why
well wasn't a CNN's panel and why is
apparently she's interesting you know
you know the trick of doing something a
little bit wrong intentionally when CNN
put Greta Sundberg on the coronavirus
panel do you think CNN was just dumb and
they're like oh she's an expert we'll
put it on the panel nobody will know the
difference or do you think they were
smart because they knew it was just a
little bit wrong and it was gonna draw
people in I'm gonna go with smart all
right and obviously I have plenty of
credentials of you know criticizing
people when I think they're not in the
media especially I'm going to say that
the Greta Tareq thing if I'm being
consistent with my ongoing theme which
is I will separate the technique from
whether it's morally or ethically
appropriate because that's your decision
you know I'm not gonna tell you it's
morally or ethically appropriate Who am
I
I'm not your Pope so you can work on
their moral ethical stuff yourself
doesn't mean I'm ignoring them it just
means that I'll make my decision you
make your decision on that but if we're
just talking about technique was a good
technique for CNN to put Greta tog berg
on a panel where it doesn't quite make
sense why she's there and the answer is
yeah absolutely don't you think that she
got more eyeballs because of that I'm
sure she did I'm sure they did so I
would call that a success you know I'm
not I'm not gonna mock CNN every time
they do something that work
if it works it works somebody says it's
only a little bit wrong well yeah I
think actually I think it is a little
bit wrong because you know let me let me
do something that I know y'all hate I
have the same opinion about Greta as as
I do some of the celebrities who weigh
in on politics if they're just a tourist
and it's just some celebrity or
something and there's coming in to say
something and go back to their life I
don't have a lot of respect for that
although everybody gets to say their
their piece so I don't disrespect it
just it's sort of about nothing but for
those people who actually commit and and
Greta is one of those people she's
committed I can disagree with everything
she says and still respect it because
there's a degree of commitment there
that is more important than being right
in my opinion because you know it's a
big world and we all have different
opinions I don't know which ones are
right oh how do I know if we've just
watched a year of all the experts being
wrong about everything what do I know so
so being right maybe is a goal too far
but certainly being interesting Matters
getting people to engage on it matters
and I would say that Greta has I think
she earned her place on the panel I'm
gonna I'm gonna say that because no
matter what you think about her anything
you never scientific knowledge or
anything no matter what you think of
anything she is committed she's
passionate she brings she brings an
audience she represents a generation
that's gonna be impacted by this and I
think her opinions might actually be
newsworthy so you know I maybe you
didn't expect me to go full progra
which is completely different from
agreeing on what she wants to do with
stuff but I absolutely welcome her voice
as well as anybody on the other side
who's got an opposing opinion so long as
their they mean well and they're
passionate and they're willing to Duke
you down in public and try to make the
world a better place somehow so that's
all yes I know some of you rubbed the
wrong way by her but there's plenty to
like and today we're just gonna do
optimism all right somebody says you've
lost me she's a tool well people don't
like it when I don't go after people if
you notice they don't usually go after
people that's very intentional because I
think going after people is maybe the
lowest it's the lowest level of politics
I'm sure there's something lower than
that but there are lots of times when
you want to go after the person and for
me if the person means well I won't take
that so if somebody means well and
they're putting in the work
I'm good with them every time so that's
my rule you could have a different rule
all right that's all I got for today and
I will see you in the morning and we'll
have more good fun then I hope you
enjoyed it today see that