looks like we've got comments and people
we got lighting and
notes we got video working I don't know
things couldn't be any better
really but let's put that like
that what a Saturday
good morning everybody and welcome to
the highlight of human
civilization Golden Era if you'd like to
take this experience up to levels that
nobody's ever seen with their tiny shiny
human brains all you need for that is a
cover muger a glass of tanker gel a
Canen Jugger flask V of any kind fill it
with your favorite liquid I like coffee
and join me now for the unparallel
pleasure the dope meat of the day the
thing that makes everything better it's
called The Sim you Sip and it happens
now thank you
Paul oh my God that felt so good you
know one of the things I I don't think
I've ever mentioned but um you know I do
this low rent kind of
podcast where I put uh obviously I'm not
putting all of my efforts into
production values and you know hiring a
team of team of writers and having a
makeup artist and things that other
people do not everybody but some
do and one of the things that happens is
that in a small way uh I end up
recreating what Trump does and in a very
specific way not not the entire Trump
thing but just one narrow specific thing
which is it becomes sort of an audience
participation and uh one of the things
if you ever see me say thank you Paul at
the beginning of the show is because I
always had trouble knowing if the sound
was working because no matter how well
the Sound Works there's always somebody
it's not working for because you know
their own phone is in some mode or
something so I can never tell for sure
if the trolls were real or not but one
of the uh subscribers on locals um I
won't say his full name just in case he
doesn't want me to but uh created a
graphic that shows the the that I can
very quickly see that the audio and the
video are working and he look I think
he's looking at multiple multiple
platforms at the same time now I didn't
ask him to do that it's just it really
needed to be
done so he had the capability so he just
did it and it's the sort of thing that
you see in the Trump
Administration where somebody has a good
idea and they can find somebody who can
find somebody who can find somebody who
knows the president and next thing you
know the president hears the idea and if
it's a good one he says that's a good
idea and the world changes it's the
damnest thing it's it's only a trump
thing but I've I've sort of accidentally
recreated it by having you know low
production standards but in there are
there are a number of other examples I
won't get into in which people are just
doing add-ons you know they're saying
you know this show would be a little bit
better if you had this going for you and
then somebody will just do
it it's it's really quite amazing so
after the show today Owen
Gregorian is going to host a spaces
after party so spaces is the audio audio
only thing on uh X so you have to be an
X User and it'll be after the show and
uh people simply wanted a little extra
and they wanted it in different
form so somebody made it in this case it
was Owen so uh I appreciate everybody
who contributes either sending me dmms
or figuring out what's wrong with the
show and fixing it and it really is
special it makes it makes it feel
completely different to me it feels like
a it always feels like a team effort
even if I'm sitting here alone anyway
you know I'm going to talk about EVs and
batteries turns out according to car
scoop uh Steven Rivers that at this
point in time an EV an electric vehicle
will last as long as a regular
combustion engine
automobile now that kind of snuck up on
me didn't it because you're thinking why
wouldn't you buy an electric car and the
first thing you say is well they don't
last as long well that's over they they
last a little bit longer so you don't
have to worry about that anymore now I I
still think it depends which one you get
and you know the battery isn't exactly
the same at the end as it is at the
beginning so there's some of that um so
if you have some skepticism about the
battery I'm open to that but the point
is there there are things like this that
just sneak up on
you um for example if you didn't get an
electric car because there weren't
enough charging
stations well that's probably not true
now so um I remind you that I have I
have uh some Tesla stock so I'm not
completely objective about the the
domain but you're going to see EVS they
seem to have crossed all of the critical
the critical things meaning that the
public now says Ah there's nothing wrong
with it it lasts as long as the other
ones there's a way to there's a way to
get electricity so a lot of those things
got got solved just by waiting and
innovating over time anyway I I saw a uh
a post today by somebody I don't know on
a simp for Satoshi that's the name of
the account but let me read the opinion
and this one hit me like a like a box of
rocks um so the opinion is Silicon
Valley is broken into being a bottom by
the way so the the context was somebody
saying that in Silicon Valley it's like
the PDD situation that there's a lot of
gay grooming and that's behind a lot of
the
startups now if you had told me that
before I'd ever heard of Harvey
Weinstein Weinstein Weinstein I would
have said ah sounds unlikely if you told
it if you told me that before I heard
about p didy in the entire music
industry I would have
said yeah I don't know that doesn't
sound real to me but when you tell me
after I know those two things and and
they're both
uh sort of male dominated at least the
management of the culture or the
managers in the culture um how could it
not be
true what would be the argument that
it's not true now I can tell you that
I've lived I've lived in the Bay Area my
entire adult life I've never seen any
any hint of it and I've also never heard
of it until today it's literally the
first time I've ever even heard this
accusation so I can't can't confirm from
any personal contacts and I have lots of
them I mean you can imagine how many
people I know who work in the
valley but I've never heard this before
on the other hand so so I'll put it in
in one basket I've never heard it so
that that argues against it being real
but on the other hand if it seems to be
real in 100% of the situations in which
it could be real and this is one in
which it could be real
I don't discount it you know I can't
confirm it from any personal experience
but it certainly opened my eyes to the
fact that I never even thought about it
so um the accusation is that if you if
you're willing to get groomed you're
going to get a lot of money and you'll
be introduced to people and then you get
on the fast track I'm not saying that's
true I'm just saying if it was true and
if it were true in both the and the
homosexual way for these other
Industries why wouldn't it be true in
Silicon Valley like what would stop that
from being the same I don't I can't
think of any force that would stop it
from
happening
anyway um Jillian Jillian Michaels has a
new fake news um finding here uh
apparently there's a letter that alleges
to be signed by over 177,000 doctors
denouncing RFK Jr and his you know
non-standard views on things now if you
heard the 17,000 doctors were against
this one guy who wasn't even a doctor
he's not even a doctor that's be that'd
be pretty persuasive wouldn't it how do
you get 177,000 doctors to be on the
same side I mean that's a lot well
here's how they did it they started a
website they started a website where you
could just say you're a doctor
and then they would count you that's all
it was it was just a website where you
could sign up how many of those do you
think are real doctors well not
177,000 you they might have gotten a few
hundred but most of them seem somewhat
obviously fake so no I don't think there
are 17,000 doctors saying that anyway so
good for Jillian Michaels to uh call
that out I love it when anybody gets
involved in the fake news spotting
business
you know the more people who don't do
this for a
living but are so inspired because they
they the first to notice it or they know
that they have a bigger platform and
they just say you know what I got to fix
this so again in the Trump Golden Age
somebody like uh Jillian Michaels
although she's a public figure but
somebody like her doesn't say oh this is
bad and then just move on with their
business business she says this is bad
is anybody fixing
it oh if nobody's fixing it I'll fix it
because I can so she makes a video and
she fixes it you know at least now
there's a record that there's a there
two sides of the
story so when when you start noticing
you're going to start noticing the
pattern over time that people are simply
noticing a need and then just saying I
can do that and just stepping into it
like like nobody's ever seen before the
the fire victims in LA and North
Carolina same
experience that the the
necessity just brings people in so
people are willing to pitch in now they
they feel some optimism they feel
connected a little bit to their
neighbors a little more uh this might be
the biggest Trend like the most
important thing might be people just
saying you know I can do this nobody
else is doing it I'll do
it um
this would be exactly the case for my
next story so Joe Rogan has a doctor on
Dr Mark Gordon who said and I quote I
have a 76- year- old veteran who was
diagnosed with a glein 7 roughly
speaking that's how aggressive your
cancer is the glein score so seven would
be high and the uh gleon is the gr of
cancer of the prostate meaning you know
what stage and it was GLE seven then he
says he went on 12 me milligrams of
ivran every day for eight weeks and at
the 12th week he got a special pet scan
done uh to look at the abnormalities in
the
prostate and they couldn't find
anything they couldn't find anything and
his PSA uh when he came in is initially
it was a 12.6 the PSA is what tells you
if your prostates got cancer usually it
could be for other things but normally
that's what it mean me of its high and
it's now down to 5.3 which would
be I think that's below the midpoint so
it'd be perfectly acceptable for
somebody who had no cancer at all
now remember I said the the larger theme
is people just see a need and they say
oh nobody else is doing this I can do
this and then they step in that's what
Joe Rogan's doing Joe Rogan you know
he's been following the Ivor meon story
because he has a connection to it
through the the co experience and you
know that he probably said to
himself why do people say it works but
other people say it don't it doesn't
work like where's my medical test
where's my evidence why isn't the news
following up it's like not even in the
news and so Joe Rogan says here here I'm
speculating because I can't actually
read his mind right but it seems like a
reasonable assumption probably said
nobody's going to look into
this well how about if I do it it and so
he invites really exactly the right kind
of guest and then he looks into it and
then he's added he's added to the public
discussion now adding to the discussion
always good being right every time about
everything not really a standard I would
put anybody to that's not the standard
nobody's right all the time if this is a
big big important thing and there's
somebody who can really add to it and
Joe
figures out that if this is real he
could be doing an incredibly incredibly
important
service um to the rest of the country
and the world really because if this is
true it's it would be
unbelievable
now like Joe and maybe even like the
doctor
himself um I'm noticing something that
needs to be done about this story that
unfortunately I'm uniquely capable of
doing
which is debunking it now I'm going to
debunk it but without knowing if it's
true or false so what I'm going to
debunk is just the credibility of it
because if he went into this and said
okay that's a real doctor he doesn't
look like he's lying and I don't think
he's lying I do not think he's lying all
right I think the doctor and other
doctors have similar claims I think
they're telling the truth about what
they think they're seeing so they don't
seem they don't have any they don't
really have any tells for dishonesty
when they're talking about it but here's
what you should look for number
one the patient is
anonymous if I told you that something
depends on an anonymous
witness what would you say if it were a
political story you'd say oh Anonymous
means it's not true but if I tell you an
anonymous there's an anonymous case in
the medical community you probably
wouldn't have the same impression
because you say well duh people like to
stay private with their with their
medical stuff totally understandable
yeah everybody understands that except
if you were
76 and you cured a gleon seven
scored um problem and cancer problem in
your
body you're not being Joe Rogan meaning
that you've now you're now in a special
place if it's true if it's true you're
in the very special place where only you
can step
up so going public unfortunately it
comes with a price but if he'd like to
also go on the show with his
doctor and maybe have the medical
records so we can all see a copy just
just the medical records that are
relevant I don't need to know anything
about his health but we would ask
questions such as was on anything else
right well Hippa doesn't apply if
everybody if everybody agrees
right so obviously the doctor can't on
his own talk about it we all understand
that it would have to be with consent
but if if the patient and the doctor and
their medical records could all be
presented at the same time maybe on a
podcast and uh somebody who could ask
the right questions I'm just going to
throw out my favorite Dr Drew so you
just put Dr Drew on the podcast or or
his podcast would be the ultimate right
Dr Jew's podcast just have the same
doctor but I don't want to hear from
doctors anymore I want to hear them
sitting next to their patient with the
medical records in their hand just the
relevant ones and say look at this look
at this look at this that's what
happened and then then I'm going to be
like whoa now you got something so
here's my role I'm going to keep pushing
on this because if you got cancer you
really need to know if this is real like
really really really and if it isn't
real I think it's a
service if you know what the real odds
are you know being realistic about the
odds and knowing what to do and what not
to bother
with so let me give you a standard by
which I would check in my opinion so
this next part is an assumption but I
think it's a good
one that it's so well known to anybody
who has this specific cancer prostate
cancer pretty much I would guess close
to 100% of them would be aware that
people have claimed cures with ior mcon
Andor Fen
benzol I don't think anybody in America
who has a social media account and at
least one friend would be completely
unaware that there are these claims of
complete miraculous cures for the very
thing they have that can't be cured
without pretty bad side effects in any
other way and if it if it metastasizes
then there's no cure at all so you're
talking about the most incentivized
people who are going to look for under
every Rock to find out what works now
let's do the
math so let's say I don't know hundreds
of thousands of people being diagnosed
every year with this exact cancer almost
every one of them will find out how much
I REM and somebody else took and what
result they got and if they believe it
which almost all of them will say almost
all of them will say wait you're telling
me the side effects are minimal to
nothing and there are people who look
like they're telling the truth like this
doctor he looks like he's telling the
truth and they say it works why wouldn't
you try it right if you're asking me
what's rational in a risk reward
world I would think almost half of them
are trying it by now so my guess is
you've got hundreds of thousands of
people who are just sucking down the
icton and Fen benzol and probably have
for the last six months or so now keep
in mind that the claimed cures happen in
one to three months of being on the so
just one to three months so by now we
should have a base of something
like I if I had to guess
maybe onethird of all the prostate
cancers in America probably onethird of
them have taken Fen Ben or I backton are
both so if it's as effective as claimed
and the and the claim is not that it's
20% better than what you're doing the
claim is that it just gets rid of
it so if a 100,000 people got rid of an
incurable
cancer wouldn't every oncologist know
it because they would have five every
one of them would have five patients a
piece just in a year that had been cured
now am I doing the numbers wrong tell
tell me where am I yeah I'm aware of Dr
mackus so i' I've looked into all the
claims and they're all the same it
doesn't match the doctor with the
medical record with the patient and
somebody who can ask them some smart
questions
so and then I'll take it to the next
level if it worked hundreds of thousands
would be using it and certainly there'
be almost every oncologist would say I'm
a God you know I don't have I don't have
a randomized control trial but in my
practice I saw three to five things that
I've never seen in my life so there's
something going on right but I don't
think you're going to hear that so you
have to ask why here's the second if it
works as well as the few doctors say and
again under the assumption that probably
100,000 people are taking it by now just
in
case wouldn't the mortality
for um for this specific cancer be
dropping through the
roof now some of them some of them are
metastized so you can tell if they died
or didn't die but you might have to wait
a few years you maybe maybe that's it
might be 3 to 5 years before you knew
for sure but we should say
that the death rate for this specific
cancer just falls off a
table because I'm pretty
sure there's every single patient has
heard about this and doesn't think it's
a bad thing to at least give it a shot
now don't take any medical advice from
me this is the most important thing I'll
say do not take medical advice from me
so what I'm engaged in is trying to
figure out what is true I'm not engaged
in telling you what's true I'm engaged
in trying to figure out what's true
because if this is true I'm going to be
its biggest
supporter I mean I will make sure the
whole freaking country knows this works
if it works but you're going to have to
get over this little hump to show me
that either all oncologists have noticed
because they would every single one
would have noticed by now in their own
patients or the or the death rate falls
off a table and we don't have any other
explanation for it or we can get at
least three doctor couples with their
patient and with the records you give me
any of those any of those three pieces
of
evidence and I'll be the the biggest
proponent for it but I'm going to push
hard against it being credible until I
see something that's
credible right so that that's that I
think is a value that I can provide
we'll see and again it's because I'm I'm
simply capable of doing it if I weren't
capable of doing it I wouldn't step in
if somebody else were doing what I just
did I wouldn't do it I'm just saying
there's a hole here I can fill that so I
jump in do you think this is
safe this isn't safe do you know how
much I get over this topic a lot
but I waited into the knowing it's
going to be up at least of my
chin because I can do it and I can
handle that so I know I can handle it so
I can do it for you anyway too much on
that Nicole I as I've said before but
it's it's funny every time it happens
when I wake up in the morning there are
always some MSNBC Clips going around
that people are comedic on what is the
one thing they all have in
common they're being treated as comedy
and nobody's adding anything to it in
other
words it's simply just showing what they
said
and nothing needs to be added to make it
funny and and so all morning long I'll
be looking at these MSN BC Clips with no
commentary added and just like that's
funny oh wow they're so
silly
now CNN's not like
that you know when I watch CNN it's
usually because oh I disagree with that
or something like that uh or maybe I'm
challenging whether they got the story
right but I'm not really laughing at
it MSNBC is literally just a Just for
Laughs it doesn't seem to have any other
purpose anyway so msnbc's Nicole
Wallace um she had she had a segment on
uh tips for navigating political anxiety
Steve guest was posting this on X now
here's what she said Nicole Wallace our
job is to hold up a mirror and to cover
the story but I think having done a
trump presidency once I think it does
create a lot of anxiety among a lot of
our viewers and I think some of these
tools and just being mindful about it
without being woo woo feels really
important is there anything missing in
this story like the part where MSNBC
acknowledges that all of this anxiety
that Their audience is
feeling is caused by
MSNBC did did did Trump do anything this
week that would make any body feel
anything except happy and
optimistic not
really the reason that the MSNBC
audience has severe mental health
problems including half of their hosts
is the way they cover it it's not Trump
and so here's a perfect example did did
Steve guess need to put some commentary
on this not really you can just read it
and laugh at it because because looking
at them not understand how anything
works is really the description of you
know the worst part of the Democrat
Party they're the ones who don't
understand cause and effect literally
don't understand that they cause this
and what they're watching is their their
own effect don't get it don't get that
um incentives matter never they never
they never understand that incentives
matter no cause and effect understanding
whatsoever anyway uh
Tom Elliot on X was sending another
MSNBC clip around same thing so uh Al
Sharpton was on there saying that
enforcing immigration law is
racist that's it that's the whole
story The Reason Trump won is that even
Democrats finally said oh okay yeah this
open border thing is totally not working
and the best that MSNBC could come up
with is Al
Sharpton who basically only has one
thing he says that's racist and they put
that on the air and they're like yeah
that was a good segment I I wonder if
they could have the one of the Watergate
guys come on Bernstein or the other one
and say it's worse than Watergate if if
you have somebody whose only thing they
ever say is it's racist do you have to
have them on you know they they have
that other guy who's got like the the
mushroom hair and he he's also like Al
Sharpton they bring him on just to just
to say everything's
racist if that's all they do and it is
all they
do why do you watch it except to think
it's funny that they call everything
racist now it's just funny so the more
he calls things racist the harder I
laugh meanwhile on CNN where things are
actually uh they are at least management
is fighting to find a middle ground so
that Their audience can trust them
again um and in in many ways that are
important they are actually finding the
middle ground and one of them is Harry
enton their data data guy and once again
I mentioned him a lot but he was he was
glowing about Trump's recent approval
level so if you if you compare the
approv versus the disapprove for each
for each person Trump was -3 in 2017
meaning more people disapproved than
approved and he is currently at plus
six a 9o
swing now the data guy Harry
Anton was pretty excited about a
ninepoint swing because you don't really
see ninepoint swings on things that
people understand really well you know
maybe if they learn something new but
this is still Trump he was Trump then
he's Trump now I I would argue he's
doing much better job after the the
practice term you know the first ones
like the practice
term so he's doing a better job and uh
people are noticing so I like
that and good for good for CNN for
finding the middle sometimes you know
they have some work to do I think they
know exactly where that work has to be
done but at least when they show the
data they're not making up stuff to make
Trump look bad if the the data says it
looks
good Stephen A Smith and Bill Mah two
people that have been Lo for a long time
associated with let's say the Democrat
side are definitely softening on Trump
um so Stephen A Miller was on Real Time
with Bill M last night and he made a big
deal saying about how the reason that
Trump is more popular than ever is that
he's keeping his promises
they ran saying I would do these hundred
things and he's just he's just all over
the hundred things he's doing what he
said he would do
and for especially for men I think I
don't I don't know if it hits the same
with women because there's definitely a
gender difference to this so maybe the
women can tell me but for men if you say
you're going to do something that's even
really hard and then you put your your
to little shoulder into it and like
you're really leaning on it hard and
you're
pounding almost don't matter if it
succeeds because that's the person you
want on your team even before it works
and you don't even know if it's going to
work in in every possible way uh yeah
that watching him risk his life go from
the bottom of the swamp to the top of
the hill is some of the most
inspirational male energy I've ever seen
seen in my life I mean it it is American
in the way that we want it to be not the
way it usually is it is
masculine it is corrective it is common
sense it's kind of everything men like
so you know you I certainly understand
why the men like it um so I can't speak
for the the female view on this but
doing what you said you would do
I just feel like that means more to men
is that a
sexist I'm I'm willing to be talked out
of that so maybe you can correct me on
that if you think so
um but anyway even even when Bill Mah
criticizes Trump now the criticisms are
either some generic thing like I don't
like the guy or you know he might uh he
might be to something something but I
don't even think Bill Mah is calling him
a
fascist because that would be dumb and I
don't think Bill Mah is saying that he's
going to steal your democracy he seems
to be spending almost all of his time
telling the people on his side stop
saying stupid you'll never win like
that and here
again we've got a country with a big
need here's what the big need is come
together there there's not a thing we
can fix unless we find some Unity
um so I'm going to give give and I know
I know there's competing opinions about
Bill Maher and Stephen asith but I'll
give you mine I think Bill Mah says
there's a giant hole that nobody's
filling which is a reasonable Democrat
who can sort of bridge that you know
total divide that the media has created
artificially somebody who can say okay
can you just settle down this part you
canot like you know let's let's say
abortion this part you could not like
that's perfectly reasonable that's a
difference of opinion but the common
sense stuff stop arguing against Common
Sense you'll never win and honestly I
think we're all better off if our if our
two parties are a little bit competitive
at the moment it looks like Republicans
could just roll over all comers for a
while and that makes me a little nervous
even even as much as I back that aside
I don't want one side to have too much
power that that works against our
interests so when bill marah says
there's this giant hole for somebody to
take the arrows in their back by taking
a bold stand and saying okay my own team
is being ridiculous you'll never win
like this shape up I
say that's exactly what the country is
doing that's male energy finding a need
realizing that he's is going to get his
ass kicked this is the important part
Bill Mah has said it and obviously it's
obvious that being a little bit um open
to at least Trump's performance if not
his character um is hugely dis
destructive to his income his reputation
probably even his personal life and he
he jumped in anyway now I know what you
going to say Scott he's just a performer
you know he's going where the wind is
blowing no he isn't no he's going where
the arrows are going to put him in the
in the back that's Brave no
matter what else you want to say about
him he walked into the Bree and he's
done it before so we don't have to say
this is the only time so even if you
disagree with him he saw a need he
realized he had a unique ability to fill
that need and he jumped in with both
feet I I have complete respect for that
doesn't mean I'll agree with everything
that's different top
anyway so the big story yesterday was
Trump uh doing a tour of both the North
Carolina hurricane disaster and the LA
fire disaster in the same day that is so
baller to do them in the same
day the same
day and and the contrast with you know
Biden's low energy with putting him
right in the middle of it
twice in one day
I mean this really is next level stuff I
mean I know anybody could have traveled
there in you know in one day but he's
the only one who would do it he's the
only one that could stay awake that long
he's the only one who could who could
absolutely dominate at least in terms of
you know Common Sense those situations
let's talk about it so apparently after
the North Carolina situation people were
complaining about um
insurance and insurance for the North
Carolina people was a big deal so
Trump's already moved and Congress and
Josh Hol has picked it up and he's going
to call the insurance companies in and
say why don't you give Insurance to
these people now the reasons I think are
going to be economic and you know maybe
systemic and I'm not sure it's the
insurance companies that will be the bad
guys when we're all done because because
they would make they want to they want
to sell
insurance they want to probably it's
going to be government stuff getting in
the way just the economics of homes the
you know the the the way people built
them you know if if a home was only
worth a
100,000 you could get insurance if that
same home just sits there and because of
inflation turns into a million doll
home it's the same risk except now it's
10 times more expense so the insurance
company can't fix that it just doesn't
work as an insurance property unless you
pay so much that you're not willing to
pay
it anyway so so the first thing is that
as soon as Trump uh had a number of
people on the ground say the the
insurance is our problem he was on it
now where it goes we don't know but he's
on it and uh Holly has already put them
on notice and said you're coming in you
can explain to us why these people can't
get insurance exactly right exactly
right um don't know where it goes yet
but those are the questions and those
are the people to ask all right um then
he goes on to LA and Pacific
Palisades now if you noticed both of
these events there's one thing that
stood out that's it's almost like a dog
not
barking maybe that doesn't fit in this
case but did you notice how well he
listens this is the big surprise about
him people who only see him on TV and
you know he blusters and let's say he's
in a debate if he's in the debate he
might talk over you you know if he's if
he's giving a press conference and the
Press is being jerks you might cut them
off so if you see this B this big old
bully personality cutting people off and
you know making sure they heard him 10
times and hear the none stuff like that
you would imagine that if you put them
in a room with somebody who has
something to say they're not not going
to be able to say it because you'll just
sort of talk over them and you know not
hear it right that that that would seem
to fit like if you're were just going to
guess what's it like to be in the room
but I've told you from my own experience
that a number of people have said
exactly the same thing people have met
him in
private for the 20 minutes I talked to
him in the Oval Office I had the most
amazing
Sensation that he didn't care about
anything except what I was saying for 20
minutes now obviously was there was an
exchange so I was listening to him and
he was listening to me but he he had
complete
Focus he did not change the subject he
stayed on my topics for the most part
and he was interested and asked
questions with some you depth of
understanding and what I what I believed
was genuine
curiosity some of it was about my
business model for cartooning and he
learned about the tuning business model
like he just added that to his knowledge
stack in 20 minutes now he's got another
whole business model that maybe you
didn't have fully figured out before so
his listening skills If you experience
it in person are almost
unprecedented you know I I I would call
them out
as if anybody's done it better I don't
have a memory of it it's impressive by
the time you leave you feel like you're
the only person who mattered for 20 20
minutes now in reality well I don't know
what was happening his head I can tell
you that at one point Aid came in with a
note that must have been something
important because it interrupted us he
takes one look at the note sets it down
and then he's right
back in with complete focus on me like
the note didn't matter I don't even know
what it was you know could have been
important so when I watched him in North
Carolina he said uh you take the
microphone you tell us your story and
then he just stood and he just watched
and he listened then he goes to uh
LA and he's got very carefully picked
group of people with his Advanced team
and his advisers and he's got a room
full of people it's
televised and he listened to everybody
in the
room the politicians you know he was a
little harder on the politicians which
we like but when the people who lost
homes were talking not only did he
understand it perfectly but he could
repeat it in his own words with even
more emphasis than they told it to him
you know about the the the insurance
problems the regulations Etc and then he
then he brought to it a complete
understanding of the building industry
and the regulatory problems and like a
real world total Talent stack that was
almost made for this purpose yeah it was
almost like if if Trump didn't exist you
would want to invent a trump just to
handle at least the LA part and I think
North Carolina as well because you need
somebody who understands that when the
public says we want to build back but we
can't because the government is stopping
us or the insurance company is stopping
us he doesn't just hear it and move to
his next problem he he takes a drill and
he just goes right to the Center of the
Earth until he understands that problem
and then he tells you what you need to
do about it because he understands the
space I've never seen anything like it
and so yesterday last night when he was
uh in
La um I was doing a manave live stream
for the subscribers and locals and we
just we just watched
it
and it it was so
entertaining to watch him go into full
boss mode and just bully these worthless
politicians right in front of us he just
he just bullied them right in front of
us I could not have been happier and uh
then there was one
moment which was pure Trump so there's a
moment when Joel Pollock got to talk he
was in the room and you know he's a
senior editor for breit bar but on top
of that he's one of the affected people
in the Palisades so his his home
survived Against All Odds but it's you
know it's not it's not habitable just
like the other people and Joel had you
know an extended sort of uh explanation
lots of good visuals about him trying to
save his house with nothing but a bucket
and you know a vase of uh flower water
that was still there from before the
fire and you know the neighbors trying
to help but there's no water so that you
I mean that that just brought you right
into the the scene and and Trump just
listens to every word and then Joel gets
to um could we do something like 9/11
did when there was a lot of federal
funding to you know repair the 911
stuff and there was some kind of special
master that was appointed to make sure
the money didn't get diverted to all the
illegal stuff now if you live in
California and you hear that the
government's going to give you ideally
some large amount of money to help you
recover your first concern is and then
the idiots and my local government are
just going to hand it over to their
friends and the friends will never build
anything like this is what usually
happens
so hearing that the federal government
is just going to write a check to
California without any control on it is
like hearing that they're not going to
do anything that's how it is to my ears
because I I just think it all be stolen
or or the the uh the friends will be the
ones that win all the bets or the bids
not the bets and so I think the state is
so corrupt and so incompetent that there
is no amount of money that can help us
get out of this problem so Joel knowing
that says what would you think about
having a special Master to make sure
that the money is spent
correctly and then this amazing thing
happens Trump goes that's a good idea
and he turns to Rick grenell who's a
California resident so he was he was a
part of it he goes do you think you can
hook me up like form a committee or
something like get me a special master
and we'll take care of that and he looks
back at Joel and goes that's real a good
idea and in that
moment Federal Federal help for
California became
real it didn't feel
real until he said yeah I'm going to
make sure somebody's watching where it
goes and then you you this this was his
event in the Palisades trumps was the
most remarkable display of capability
and talent and talent stack you know a
whole bunch of talents are coming
together at that moment that I've ever
seen and it was entertaining on a level
that I can't even explain I mean we were
cheering you know watching in the man
cave I I was standing up and like
pumping my arms and and cheering like
literally out loud and I don't get that
excited about anything but I was
watching something for the
ages if you watched how he took care of
the
politicians and you know told them
what's real what works and what isn't
that my favorite moment was when uh uh
Karen Bass the bobble-headed idiot with
a creepy smile the only one in the room
full of disaster victims who thought
that smiling was a right play you can't
be dumber than that right you can't be
talking about with smile oh yeah we're
gonna do some things and we G to do some
things and you just looked at her and
she was a few people away from Trump and
the
contrast was incredible first of all
she's a small person like physically
she's not very
tall and Trump's a big hulking character
so seeing her tiny little bobble-headed
stupid smile and then it gets be better
so Trump is all about um you got to get
rid of this regulation I'm going to I'm
going to I'm going to stomp on this
regulation we've I've already canell all
of the Federal Regulations all that's
left is your local regulations and he's
trying to get the mayor to say yes I
will do what you're doing and you know
be be common sensical about the um about
the
regulations and and she's acting like
she's
agreeing and Trump's saying you know
can't they get back into their own
property do their own cleanup if they
want to pay for it he's like yeah yes
yes they they'll totally get back in
yeah yeah and then Trump said says
everybody I talk to says that you say
they can't get back or they can't they
can't do something for 18 months and
then he
says he actually points to the residents
he goes he just told me that he just
told me it's 18 months and you're
telling me you that they can go in
tomorrow so he's OB basically calling
her a liar she yeah and then and then
she goes uh uh I I think it'll be safe
you know we'll let people in in a
week and
then I just watched
Trump after she said they'll be able to
get back in a week and you knew what was
coming it was just the most wonderful
live moment you know he's seething when
he hears it's going to take a week
without a
reason and there's this little pause and
he looks at her he goes a week is a long
time
oh
oh
oh oh oh he goes why not tomorrow now I
don't know if getting in there tomorrow
is a good idea I don't know what the
safety is ETC but I sure liked him
pushing because the citizens couldn't
push they had nothing to push on they
didn't have any leverage nothing
so citizens can push all day doesn't
mean anything but
Trump he
listened and he said I'm just not going
to let this happen so he just
embarrassed her in
public and that was the right play we
needed to see her absolutely embarrassed
in public now again I don't even know
who's right it could be that waiting a
week would be the smartest week you ever
waited CU then you'd really know what
the toxicity is and what to do maybe I
mean I'm no expert but the the pushing
against it and saying that here here's
what I like the frame in
government a week is a short period of
time so that's why she said it that's
just a week in
construction a week is the end of the
world you don't wait a week for anything
if you're waiting a week you're losing
money so Trump's you know Trump's uh
time frame of how fast anything should
work is so different than you much of
the world that watching him press that
point of view on her that a week's a
long time God I wanted to hear that I so
wanted to hear that a week is a long
time because the whole time the whole
time after she said it I'm just sitting
there thinking a week a week's a long
time that's a long time why a week and
then it comes out of Trump's mouth he
says what we were all thinking thinking
but nobody could say it because they're
not in the right position not the right
person
Etc and he talked for us he talked for
us wow it was incredible I would say
it's Trump's best performance in any
domain it's better than any speeches
ever getting better than any press
conference better
than any
debate it was his best moment he he's
he's at full power he's not taking
prisoners and he's working for the
people and wow it was just
shockingly positive now we'll see if he
follows up you know because followup
matters and we'll see if he keeps the
keeps the boot on the mayor to actually
do something useful we'll
see but again it was the ultimate boss
situation
um and then there's also the insurance
question I just don't know how that's
going to get solved but maybe somebody
has a better idea um I was asked to
comment on
Melania so I will you might have noticed
that Melania seems more present uh this
term than the first term I I would I
attribute that to Baron's age I think
when Baron was younger uh Melania
necessarily wanted to be you know just
there for him and that was her top
priority and we all get that I get that
now Baron's off to
college and Melania is not just you know
with him but she's she's with him as an
asset when she's with him and she's
clearly with him like she's not there's
no attitude there's no there's no sense
that she wishes she were somewhere else
she's usually
smiling and she also looks great fashion
wise you know this is not a
not a sexist comment is just fashion
wise she's just kill of it you know I'm
not like a fashion guy but even I can
tell that I can't keep my eyes off her
because her fashion choices are just
really good
um
and so here's my take on
that imagine going through what they
both went through
for the last eight years just
imagine the impact on
Melania my guess is she wasn't maybe
100% supportive of everything that
happened in the first term and Beyond
because it didn't make her look good
didn't make the family look good which
isn't good for Baron um it kind of a
stain and then she would have to live
with it the same same as the rest of
them and then then like a phoenix he
Rises From the Ashes Trump does conquers
all of
politics hits uh popularity we've never
seen the International Community is
fully respecting of him and the entire
narrative has changed from Survivor of
assassination strongest politician in
the world the the role model that other
politicians are looking to the single
most important change Asian and maybe
the only person who could save us from
the you know the ledge that we've been
driving
toward now what do you feel like well if
she went through the assassination
attempt and she had to live with the
thought that it could have been so much
the other
direction and then she's part of it so
you know her her critical part we don't
see everything she does but you know
it's critical and I think she's taken a
Victory lap which man did she earn she
earned her Victory lap same as Trump did
so I think part of it is feeling that
he's on some kind of a Winner's Crusade
and she doesn't have the the barren
responsibilities the way she used to
that she's just enjoying the show so I I
think she's loving
it my lenses are
fuzzy I think you're
right yeah my lenses are dirty good
catch I will clean them on my
t-shirt all right P agth got confirmed
but only because uh vice president
Vance cast the tiebreaking vote so Susan
Collins and Lisa marowski said no but
also Mitch
McConnell huh Mitch McConnell voted
against Pete Heth and yet everybody
except these two other senators were for
him the rep
Republicans how do we interpret
that um I've heard somebody say that he
didn't kiss enough ass um or that the
heath had not uh been the darling of the
military-industrial
complex and Mitch would be some say
associated with the military industrial
real complex and so he wouldn't want to
support the guy who's not necessarily
part of that team maybe that would that
would fit the I don't know if it's true
but it would fit the
observation but here's my question and I
think it has to be asked in a situation
like
this um we know that through his wife he
has deep ties to the Chinese Communist
party you know begins industry now you
all knew that right so his wife her
sister and her father you know big in
the Chinese Communist party now we of
course don't prevent anybody marrying
anybody they want and that doesn't mean
there's anything going on that's
inappropriate would we all agree it
doesn't mean there's any problem it's
just a gigantic red
flag but here's the context that I'd
like to know so I can EV valuate this
risk properly the risk of too much you
know
Chinese blackmail or you know
incentivization or something I would
like to know what is the history of
spies is there any known history where a
spy will marry somebody and stay married
for I don't know 50 years and and the
entire time they were just a
spy do we have any history where
especially Chinese spies but any other
kind of
spies I know on TV shows it's real
because I just watched a TV show called
the agency and a big part of the plot
was that he was he was sort of you know
in a
relationship that was a fake
relationship for six years is that real
do we do we really have people who will
go so far that they'll marry you have
your
kids and they've been a spy the whole
time now if that's not a thing if it's
not a thing then I'll be way less
worried about it if it's a normal thing
meaning it's been happening forever and
other countries do it too well then I've
got more
questions so I'm not going to you know
everybody's innocent till proven guilty
I have no I have no evidence of Mitch
McConnell doing anything
wrong um but wow the red flag there is
just literally red flag is just so
obvious that I feel like I need the next
level of understanding to to judge it
properly and that is is it common to
have somebody who's a fake spouse and
I'm not saying she is I'm just saying
I'd need to know how common it is to
have any opinion about this
story Rod Martin is reporting that an
act that there's a huge Department of
Justice purge going on with the trumpers
coming in and getting rid of the
uh the anti-trump type people and
apparently there's a rule that the you
can't get rid of employees within 120
days of new leadership taking over seems
like a dumb rule but so if Pam
Bondi comes in and gets uh gets approved
she wouldn't be able to fire anybody for
120 days so you might say well how are
they firing people now
now here's the trick as Rod Martin
points out they're using an acting
director so there's no rule about the
acting director firing people and the
longer it takes them to confirm Bondi
the more people they can fire so by
delaying delaying the approval of
Bondi the acting director who's very
prot Trump uh can just just lay waste to
all the anti-trumpers and they'll be on
before Bondies even even on the
job now
that's that's kind of clever you know
you using the system against itself I
kind of have to appreciate that but
apparently the uh The Purge is hitting
the Criminal Division the National
Security the international Affairs this
is all per Rod Martin
um and uh apparently the guy who's the
acting the acting us attorney was one of
the stop the steel organizers or maybe
the sto the steel
organizers so if if you were worried
about keeping your job and you were you
know prominent Democrat in the
Department of Justice the most scary
thing that could ever happen is that the
guy who
organized the stop the steel movement is
the one in charge in firing
people oh wow anyway let's see how uh
let's how see how Democrats are doing so
I've already I've already glowed with my
praise of how Trump is doing but hey
there's two sides so maybe the Democrats
are doing okay too let's check in
with uh let's see there's a story in red
state by Mike Miller that Jamie Rasin
called in a psychologist to help house
Democrats cope with Trump derangement
syndrome oh well that's not so
good now I I think the uh
characterization there might be a a a
little
bit uh a little bit more narrative than
the facts but not much all right so the
facts are according to punch bowl news
so Rasin uh was with the house Judiciary
Committee so not not all the Democrats
just the house Judiciary Committee uh
and
uh there had some kind of a retreat for
the Judiciary Democrats only and raset
invited a psychologist some guy who's a
University of Virginia professor of
psychology and the people who attended
this is according to the reporting by
um by uh red state by Mike Miller
and they say that the purpose was
according to the attendees to council
Democrats about how to approach conflict
and effectively combat what Rasin
described as authoritarian styles of
speech
um and they were also the Democrats were
advised to avoid devolving into partisan
mudslinging how much did they pay a
psychologist for
that I'm not sure that's like a
therapist
but who needed to tell them not to
devolve into partisan
mudslinging why don't they just listen
to Stephen A Smith or Bill Maher or
indeed 100% of the Democrats who were
still smart every one of them would have
told them the same thing yeah are the
only people who didn't know they should
have avoid devolving into partisan
mudslinging are the only ones who didn't
know that the ones who went on this
Retreat the ones we elected into office
does electing somebody into office make
you not know simple things that
everybody else knows so anyway that
doesn't look like a winning play by the
Democrats meanwhile we learned that
Trump had a phone call with the uh prime
minister of Denmark over uh over the
Greenland situation and this is before
he was in office but um not long before
and apparently it didn't go well um and
uh so the Denmark's prime minister is a
woman who is described as the John
Bolton of Europe so one expert said
she's the John Bolton of Europe so
imagine
Trump making a phone call call to the
female John Bolton of Europe saying that
you know he wants to conquer their
territory so needless to say the
conversation did not go well did not go
well um and I asked myself how would you
ever get a deal with the female John
Bolton there's no there's no way to get
there is
there so I've got a question how long
will that prime minister stay in office
because I've got a feeling that Trump is
going to sweeten the offer until the the
people in Denmark say uh we got to get
rid of our prime minister because the
threats are too big and the benefits are
so attractive that the only person
stopping us from getting these benefits
and keeping us safe is the female John
Bolton of Europe
so I have a feeling that step one of
doing something useful in
Greenland is going to be changing out
the Prime Minister because I think Trump
can do that just by pressure so we'll
see we'll see I'm not I'm not going to
predict that's what he's going to do but
I don't see the current leadership of
Denmark making a deal because the way
they're approaching it is almost
emotionally like it doesn't seem that
they came at this rationally if they
came out it rationally then yes a deal
will get done but if it's an irrational
response there's nothing you can do
except get rid of the person so he might
have to do that first and I think he has
the capability to do it he could he
could bring down another government if
he needs
to
um so I talked about this Alex Soros did
this rare interview in financial times
it's behind a pay wall and it's a
japanese-owned entity and they only ask
them polite questions so it's not a
interview um and there was this point
where you know he said he was so happy
to see a gay pride flag on on an embassy
once you know things are going in the
right direction he
thought which is a weird thing to call
out as your
priority I don't know where that would
be on my list of priorities but gay
pride flag on an
embassy wouldn't be among my top 100
most important things and I'm I'm as Pro
lgbtq as you can get you know I I often
call them out as remarkably successful
demographic in the United States and so
to me that's just American so that's the
end of the story but you
know he he thinks the flag and the
embassy is important I don't know
something wrong but he did say that he
apparently he was trying to arrange
meeting Elon Musk in November and it
didn't happen he thinks you know Elon
wasn't committed to actually doing it
but every day the Alex Soros does not do
a real interview with somebody who's
going to ask real questions whether it's
Elon Musk or somebody else I'm going to
assume the worst I'm going to assume the
worst because what am I supposed to do
he's deeply influential in my country's
politics deeply like to the point of
being the thing sometimes um and he's
not going to do an interview like a real
one he does his fake one behind the pay
wall with a friendly that's not a real
interview
so I I'm I'm going to
say that the Elon Musk theory that the
senior Soros wants to destroy America or
the world because he hates humankind
ridiculous as that sounds I don't have a
better I don't have a better explanation
and if that's the best explanation as
absurd as it sounds um I'm going to have
to run with it because this is important
it's important how much influence he has
on the country and we can't say well we
don't know why and then just walk away I
think we have to treat it like an
existential risk and that if he can't
explain why he's doing what he's
doing I'm pretty sure it's exactly what
you think now the the part of the uh the
part of the conspiracy theory I don't
buy into is the anti-semitic
stuff um so I'm not buying into any of
that that doesn't that just doesn't
doesn't map to anything I'm I'm
observing I know that some of you are
going to say what what don't you notice
but until the anti-semites can
explain how things would look different
if all you knew is that Jews are good at
school and therefore they end up getting
good jobs and end up in leadership and
you know I if you have a perfectly
normal
explanation you don't really need a
conspiracy all right so I don't buy the
conspiracy
stuff all right here is an interesting
factoid I only have a partial
understanding of I saw Nal rant posting
on X in the middle of the morning today
which was really last night um he says
turns out that instead of scraping the
web to train AI you can just scrape the
AI that scraped the web now I think what
he's talking about is this uh new
Chinese open- Source AI called Deep seek
r10 that is um apparently completely
public like you can you can look at it
yourself it's open source and it wasn't
trained the way AI is trained I think
this is what he's referring to it was
just trained on the AIS
so somehow you can use the AIS to train
it now I'm guessing but this is just a
guess that since the point of an AI is
to look for these patterns in the real
world you you have to start with all the
real world stuff you can absorb and then
you can find a bunch of patterns but by
the time you've created the
AI it's a bunch of patterns so if you
use another Ai and you want to train it
you could skip all of the looking at the
details and just look at the patterns
and copy
them and apparently that works so well
that you don't need a data center to do
your AI you just need a normal computer
and you put this code on it and runs a
it runs an AI That's apparently
comparable or better to the commercial
ones
now uh I should also admit that while I
held some Nvidia stock for a while
several months got a nice gain I got out
of it and the reason I got out of it is
because in the back of my mind I could
not believe that it wouldn't be
disrupted by something like this
so on one hand you need a hundred
billion dollars to build a data center
to have the best AI on the other
hand this one that costs nothing it
costs nothing it's free it's open
source you can get this one
for nothing and all it will do is see if
there's any new patterns developed by
the hundred billion dollar data center
so do they even need
chips how many Nvidia chips do you need
if your AI runs on my personal computer
and the answer is
none the answer is
none now ai could maybe get further
trained by more things happening but I
don't think people are that interesting
and I think we just repeat what we do
all the time and it's I think we
probably we're at the end of
training so if we're at the end of
training and this free one can take all
of the value that the hundreds of
billions of dollars took to produce and
it can just clone it and it will work
forever because the patterns the way of
the way humans talk and think don't
really change that
much so
what is NVIDIA worth if there's a free
version that doesn't need any
chips now I don't know enough about AI
to know if what I said makes sense so
I'll give you a big I'll give you a big
uh caution don't buy or sell any stocks
based on what I just said if you know my
history sometimes I get lucky but it's
probably luck yeah yeah don't listen to
individuals about individual stocks it's
a really bad idea and I'm an individual
I'm talking about an individual stock so
don't make a decision based on
that in related Ai and this is
fascinating um if you're not following
Mark andreon you're really missing a
tremendous show because he's he's got
incredible intellectual weight plus a
knowledge across all the relevant
everything so his opinions are just way
better than other people's opinions in a
whole bunch of domains and he's he sort
of come out of the shadows and he's
becoming more of a public figure like
Sachs or like Elon and wow is he adding
value almost everything you posts is
either interesting or or
funny but I'm going to tell you his take
he says the AI won't take our jobs now I
love it because it's
contrarian but uh his argument um as
best I can reproduce it is that there
have been two times in our history when
we are sure that all the jobs were going
to go away one was when we started
shipping jobs to other countries so we
were going to downsize all our good jobs
and everybody be poor now it did
devastate parts of the country you know
rust Bel Etc but we still added jobs so
the total number of jobs went up even as
we were shipping our jobs out as fast as
we could so when people said that will
make the jobs go away well it didn't I
mean it isn't wasn't ideal and we do
want to bring manufactur back
but it it seemed obvious that it would
reduce the number of jobs but it
didn't secondly as Mark andreon points
out in the 2000s we had a lot of robots
you know not the Smart Ones but the ones
who could do assembly line stuff and
sure enough robots became an enormously
important part of
manufacturing but employment went
up so every time we think there's big
change in society that will certainly
get rid of all the jobs we created more
jobs than we ever
had so Andre is speculating and
predicting I guess that AI will have a
similar effect it will definitely
eliminate some kinds of
jobs but probably we'll just build other
kinds of jobs you know somebody doing a
robot maintenance well maybe the robot
could do that too so I don't know I
don't know exactly how it's going to go
but then this is the more interesting
part um andreon points out that if you
look at all the various Technologies and
industries in the United States some of
the industries are zooming up in cost
like housing education and Healthcare
they're like zooming up some of them are
zooming down such as digital TVs and
phones and stuff like that so what's the
difference between the stuff that's
going down in price through competition
and Market forces Etc ver versus ones
that are just going to the
moon and part of it is that the ones
that are going to the Moon Healthcare
housing college food and beverages I
guess um are because they they made it
illegal to use technology to get better
now I need some I asked for some
clarification on that but what I think
he means is there's not much stopping
you from making your television Cost
Less especially if it's made in another
country there's not much there's not
much that affects that but if you if you
tried to make a change in health
care well now the the doctors say well
if you did that then there would be
fewer doctors so so the AMA might be
against it because they they want to
keep they want to support their doctors
maybe there's some insurance problem
maybe there's some other bureaucratic
problem uh you take U education
if colleges really wanted to lower
prices and they're really competing in a
real
world we would already be trained by Ai
and you know the the teachers would be
less part of it so I guess the argument
is that wherever there's an industry
that is sort of constipated either by
Union or a set of regulations you know
housing is more about
regulations um Health uh education at
least at the lower level is is more
about unions but there's like some big
Force that's stopping you from
automating and if you don't
automate you go right in the toilet so
very interesting
hypothesis uh I got a question for you
I'm going to add my own
futuristic um
prediction how can Amazon
survive the age of
AI because think about why you go to
Amazon you go to Amazon to easily find a
product well AI is going to find the
product no matter where it is doesn't
have to be on Amazon if you have a
website and you're selling the
product Ai and a search engine will find
it so you don't need you don't need
Amazon to find a product and then um but
Amazon makes it really easy to compare
so you know which one's better you look
at the reviews and stuff but the reviews
are often fake so
can you really compare but AI can
compare AI can look at all the comments
ever made uh it might even be able to
determine which ones are real if it can
figure that out and it can compare any
two products just like Amazon and it
would do it instantly and just on demand
but now the other thing that Amazon has
is you know they keep your credit card
information and you can just do one
click and your address is already in
there so it's just the easiest best
buying experience
AI can do that you only have to tell AI
what credit card you want to use and
what your address is and then it'll know
it for the next time so instead of one
click you just say to your I your AI
okay buy
it why do you need one click if you
could just say h looks good okay buy
that
one um how about shipping
costs there might be a period where the
only thing that Amazon has going for is
low shipping costs
but if you sell on Amazon don't they
take
30% I don't know it might depend on
products but if you took 30% off your
selling cost you've got some money to
pay for some shipping don't you so maybe
if the only place you were selling is on
Amazon and then suddenly you could sell
just as much from your own private
website as long as AI could find it um
wouldn't you be able to offer free
shipping because you just got rid of 30%
of your expenses that would have gone to
Amazon now I'm sure I'm oversimplifying
but here's the main point I don't see
anything the Amazon would be necessary
for in 10 years do you I mean nothing's
going to happen quickly but how can
Amazon stay a
business it it seems like that would be
the the first thing that would go away I
don't know now there there is a little
of a trust issue so may maybe you'd say
well Amazon vetted it so I trust it but
how many fake and pirated things does
Amazon carry now a lot a lot yeah and if
you wanted to return something usually
it's just a pain in the ass to figure
out how and to fill out the labels and
to take it to the post office or have
Fedex pick it up but if you could just
tell your AI hey print me a label and
notify FedEx that I've got to pick up
there's your returns so
how does Amazon
survive I have no idea I I don't see a
path again don't sell any stocks because
of something I said okay there might be
there might be a good argument on the
other
way all right I um I I'll tell you
remember that Owen Gregorian has the
spaces right after this so on X go to
Owen gregorian's account uh or you can
see that I reposted it if you want to
see it on my account
and uh go to spaces I'll just I'm just
going to finish with this following
story do you hate paperwork as much as I
do probably not as much because I have
trouble writing with my hand if I have
to figure out fill out regular paper of
the old 1960s way which is often the way
you have to do it so it's like a
struggle just to
write because my hand problems but I
also have you know some mild ADHD and
dyslexia
so for me to Simply fill out a
form is almost
impossible so the other day I got a
notice in my email that there was a
foreign entity it was the UK who had
some royalties for me uh that some out
got lost and they didn't have my address
so they couldn't pay me so they asked me
to fill out some forms so they could
give me money that I didn't know I was
even
owned so I looked at the forums as like
I don't know like 12 12 pages of dense
boxes and I said to myself oh how long
is it going to take me to fill out a
form that was created in the UK and it's
going to be full of stuff that I don't
know how to do like it'll be codes I've
never heard of you know so I said to
myself all right I'm not going to be an
idiot because I don't know how much the
royalties are so I first email back and
I say tell me how much the royalties are
before I go into this you know painful
process and I was hoping they'd say well
you it's
$26 and then I was going to say oh just
gave it because there's no way it's
going to be worth it $26 to fill out all
the paperwork but they go back they say
uh I forget the exact number but it's
like
,700 $1,700 and now I'm like
ah okay you you would not be surprised
to know that I don't need
$1,700 and
I could just say keep it but I can't
really say keep
$1,700 like I'm just human right so it
doesn't matter if if my net worth isn't
Changed by
$1,700 I'm going to fill out some
paperwork for $1700 it was free money
right now it wasn't it's not a scam it's
from a reputable entity that I've worked
with um so I said to myself all right
the only way the only way this is going
to turn back for me cuz I I cleared my
calendar turned my phone off turned all
the you know went to a room where nobody
could bother me so I could really
focused got my coffee got my snack and
I'm going to try to fill out some
paperwork damn it so I start like all
right I'm working through Page after
page you painstakingly filling in these
box swearing and hating my life every
moment oh I wish I were doing anything
I'm feeling out of form I hate this form
but I'm but I'm making progress and then
I get to always there's this
point they ask you for something that
you don't even know what it is I have to
put my iband there IB
an no
explanation it's like a box put in your
eye
ban okay so now I have to go on this
whole this whole treasure hunt to figure
out what the freaking iban is and then I
research it it's like well it's
something your bank has so that you can
do International transactions I'm like
well I thought that was a swift number
oh no that's for a wire transfer this is
just you know going to be deposited in
your bank so I go okay so how do I get
this iban so now I have to figure out
Charles Schwab's um not my bank I have
to figure out my
bank's process for giving me one of
these IB bands nowhere can you find it
on your app because I just thought you
know there's probably one of these extra
extra resources or something you look
for so it's definitely not on there so I
now I have to contact a live a live
person to ask this
question so I so finally I weighed and
weighed and you know 17 minutes and
finally I get a live person I go all
right what's this iban thing and they go
that's your account number your bank
account number and I said well no it
says bank account number right after it
and I've already written in my bank
account number what's the
iban and he says oh it's the same as
your account
number it's just your account number so
I had to fill in my account number
twice once above and once Below on two
different lines do you know how many
times I had to fill out my name on these
12
Pages yeah it needed my name on about
every other page you
know do you know how mad I get when I
have to write my name more than once on
the same form the same form these pages
will never be separated it's one
document and I had to put my name like
five times so now I'm a little bit crazy
but I'm still making progress I'm like
halfway through this thing and I'm not
quitting oh my God I'm I've decided you
know sometimes I say you want something
sometimes you decide and I said to
myself the only thing that can stop me
now is if I get to the last thing on the
Forum and it's
impossible and man is that going to make
me mad if the last thing on the form is
like something you actually can't
do which is very typical for this
situation I I I'm telling myself don't
look ahead don't look ahead don't be
distracted but man I hope that last
thing isn't as bad as I hope it is and
then I got the last thing
and it
said if you're a UK resident we've got
to charge you this 20% vat tax and I'm
thinking well I don't want to pay a 20%
vat tax because I already have to pay
50% income tax if I pay the vat tax too
it's 20% off the top and then what's
left my own government will take 50% off
that's my current tax rate so they're
going to take 70 not approximately 70%
of my money so suddenly the total amount
that I'm going to receive is now below
the level where was worth doing the work
but I've gone this far I've gone this
far and the only thing they needed was a
certification that I was an American
resident and then I don't have to do the
vet so it wasn't good enough that I say
I'm not an America that I say I'm an
American citizen it wasn't good enough I
have to have
certification so I said do I have to do
a whole bunch of research now to find
out how I certify it so I go to the
internet and I start researching how do
I certify it and it says well you use
this form download this form and then
you apply to the government and the
government will send you another form
that's the one that you would send into
them to show that you're certified and
then it's said uh you should expect that
to take I think it
was 3 months or
something I can't remember what the
timing was but it was weeks in the
future if not
months and I would have to keep this
document that is almost completely
filled out and in a few months I won't
even remember why I was waiting for
something I'm not going to keep anywhere
in my house a 12 page document for
months sitting on the surface waiting
for that one document to come in so I
can complete the form which by the
way before I send it in I don't even
know if it's right because the most
likely outcome is I get another email
that says you filled it out wrong you
forgot to sign something you should have
put in a number or you put in the wrong
number so I don't even think it's going
to
work so now I'm down to the choice it
gives you the option and it tells you
very directly if you don't want to prove
your resident of the other country you
can just go ahead and pay the 20%
vet imagine how I felt knowing that I
had to give the
UK 20% of my
money or wait weeks for a bunch of
paperwork that I'd rather put a steel
Spike through my forehead than to wait
and complete what do you think I did how
do you think I handled it
20% vat tax you and give it to me
because I'm not going to spend another
second on this damn thing so I just
printed it and saved it and took the 20%
hit so I'm going to get you know $10 at
the end of it and spend my whole
day now this story is not about me and
it's not about this little situation
this is about Trump's meeting in La
where it became incredibly clear here
that the government was the entire
obstacle to doing anything that made
sense and Trump did a masterful job and
understand that and trying to fix it
this is
everywhere now you might say to me Scott
why didn't you just hire your bookkeeper
your accountant to do it very simply
they would charge me more than the
amount I would get in the
check so there wasn't really any small
business way to do it you know if if it
had been part of you know lots of other
business Maybe I would have thrown it on
the
pile you can't really get anything done
in terms of a small business even the
simplest things the government is just
so burdensome and it makes me think that
what we need is some kind of special low
regulation state where if we could just
pick one state that has reasonably good
transportation and you know access to
water I guess to say all right let's
just have one place that you could build
a manufacturing plant starting tomorrow
if you wanted and we would just say make
sure you don't do it too dangerously
okay got
it maybe just cover it with insurance
instead of government mandates so yeah
the the problem that the Pacific
Palisades uncovered is part of this
massive incompetence problem that the
country is suffering from and I don't
think anybody but Trump could understand
it well enough and care about it well
enough and be strong enough to do
something about it and it's the only way
we're going to ever be competitive we we
have we have painted ourselves in a
completely
doomed economic situation we have to fix
the regulation problem we got to get the
government out of our pants I mean you
know it's always been true there's no
time in my life would I wouldn't have
said that but it's just
reached monumental propor
I mean you just can't really do anything
in the business
world so that by the way is all I have
for
today um thanks for joining and remember
Owen Gregorian has the spaces right
after this on X he's probably already
running over there and firing it up I'm
going to say a few words to the people
on locals privately but uh won't I won't
be long so that you can go over and
listen to Owen if you'd like or listen
to everybody else talking it's not just
Owen all right everybody else thanks for
joining I'll see you again tomorrow same
time same
place
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e e