[Music]
boom hey everybody come on in here I
didn't notice you were here till just
now
hello cough every twenty twenty Sharona
ken it's good to see ya grab a seat it's
time for a coffee was God Adams best
part of your day and if you want to
really maximize it to really enjoy the
moment it's time to come together in a
little thing that I think brings the
left and the right together brings the
the people from all over together it's
the one unifying thing that happens in
this world and it's called the
simultaneous up how do you participate
you ask simple it's simple you don't
need much all you need is a cup or a mug
or a glass of snifter stein chalice
tanker thermos flask canteen Grail
goblet vessel of any kind fill it with
your favorite liquid I'm partial to
coffee and join me now for the
unparalleled pleasure the dopamine end
of the day the best part the thing that
makes everything better
the simultaneous up go Oh could it
possibly be any better than this
I don't think so I don't think so Wow
well once again we are blessed Thank You
president Trump for all you have done
for us to entertain us thank you once
again for your bounteous harvest of news
that is not just enjoyable but dare I
say delicious
yes the news is delicious let us enjoy
some news number one the Trump
administration is suing CNN for I don't
know fake news or something this is
probably one of the funniest things
they've ever done suing CNN for faking
now I guess they're using the project
Veritas insider hidden camera reports as
sort of the the trigger for this so now
there's a visual now did Project Veritas
tell us anything that a hundred percent
of us didn't already know well not
really but putting it in a visual sense
and put it in putting it in pictures
having an actual face to go with it
watching the insiders say it with their
own words it's different it's different
than just knowing it so it took it to
another level
in the print the president apparently is
taking advantage yes by suing CNN for I
don't miss reporting or or fake news or
something along those lines
I don't even think it matters so here's
the best part though that's not the best
part
the best part is not that the president
pursuing CNN for fake news that's just
the setup here's the best part
CNN can't report it CNN can't report it
because if they report it it just makes
them look terrible but if they are you
had to be yet you're probably ahead of
me right but if they don't report it
it validates the claim but if they don't
report it and the president says well
see there it was big news and they don't
even report it fake news now honestly I
can't even tell I can't even tell if
they are even a little bit serious about
this yeah I'm sure the lawyers will get
paid and CNN will probably have to pay
some lawyers too but I don't know if
they're serious about this because it
seems like every news organization could
be sued for bias one way or another but
the hilarity of it that they can't
report it and it's national news
they can't report it that's just the
funniest thing maybe the funniest thing
you've seen all month
now remember I keep telling you that
reality and entertainment you know the
government and entertainment have just
merged the funniest thing that's
happening almost every day is whatever
Trump is doing am i right
or sometimes it's whatever crazy Hillary
is doing we'll get to that but there's
nothing there's nothing if you go to
Netflix right now and say I'm in the
mood for some funny entertainment good
luck good luck find a funny movie in
2019 you can't they yeah you've even
seen the reporting this us even the
directors who was the director of what
was the least or the the Joker movie he
used to make funny movies and he said
hey you just can't make them anymore
nothing's funny yeah so you end up with
Bill burr and Dave Chappelle and then
you're done there's like nothing's funny
it's like the the world isn't producing
funny content except for those two guys
anymore and then the Trump
administration here's the other thing
they did so you probably saw the news
about Nick Mulvaney chief of staff so he
did a press conference which apparently
didn't go so well which is funny because
in my opinion it was genius so part of
the problem with any administration is
that it's a lot of different people with
competing opinions and it looks like
maybe they're not all in the same page
about how to describe what happened with
the Ukraine phone call Mick Mulvaney did
so far in my opinion the best job any of
them have done except for maybe the
President himself all right because the
president has his own way and he I think
the president also handled it perfectly
I thought Nick Mulvaney also handled it
very well but it looks like maybe there
was somebody in the White House who
disagreed and sort of put pressure on
them to walk it back in some way that
didn't even make sense
so what Mulvaney originally said
was genius and I will paraphrase it to
improve it even more basically what Mel
vainly said is if you're having a
conversation with another world leader
it's always quid pro quo that is exactly
the right framing if you took the
quid-pro-quo out of the equation for any
two leaders who are having a
get-together or a conversation what
would you have left no reason to talk if
you took the quid pro quo in here I'm
talking about the implied quid pro quo
that's always there because because
remember the president is not being
accused of directly saying if you do
this we'll do that everybody agrees he
did not directly say that but everybody
also agrees that there's always an
implied Withrow quo I've got a little
something here waiting for you there's a
little something I want later it's
always there so what would be even the
point of meeting with another world
leader unless both leaders came to it
with an implied quid pro quo quo and the
the implied part could be even general
which is hey if you play with us you
know play nicely with us on this topic
I'll sort of owe you something for later
right doesn't have to be direct but if
you took the quid pro quo out of the
meeting there's no point in talking then
that's the only reason the talk am I
wrong
there's literally no reason to have a
conversation if you take that out so
Mulvaney got close to what I said now
let me be immodest here may I be
immodest the way I said it is the end of
the conversation right if you put me on
the stage with somebody who has the
other the other view that it's the end
of the world and you should be impeached
and I say that you know there's no such
thing as a conversation between leaders
that doesn't have an implied quid pro
quo if you were to take that out
there's no point in having a
conversation ever any leader no point in
talking about anything ever even
socially it's a waste of time what does
the other person say after I say that
well they better change the subject
because it's the end of the conversation
all right
Mulvaney was right there he was right on
the edge of saying it as clearly as I
just said it it's still good I would say
he still did one of the best jobs except
for the president in in in making that
case now the president's version is it's
a perfect call here's the transcript see
for yourself
there was no print quid pro quo in the
sense that I did not directly ask for
something that's pretty good it's pretty
good but then everybody finds all this
little evidence of conversations before
and they're tracking the time line and
all that so the president's approach
which is pretty good pretty good
just coming around and saying yes that's
exactly what I did I had that phone call
see for yourself
but it did leave him open for a little
bit of criticism because they find the
timeline doesn't match and you know who
knew about the funds being withheld and
all that whereas the way I did it
there's nothing left I've removed all of
the opportunity for criticism because I
just said yeah that's every meeting
between leaders you couldn't take that
out if you wanted to you couldn't remove
the quid pro quo it's not possible and
then on top of that you'd want to say it
is a top this is also something Mulvaney
didn't quite say but he could I think he
had at it but you could do better then
it is a top priority for any president
to find out if anybody's compromised in
our government and Biden certainly is on
the at least Paul wise he's on the cusp
of looking like he could be the next
president
so find again if that guy has any
entanglements with foreign countries is
pretty close to the top priority for the
sitting president you got to look into
that so totally appropriate call the
funniest part is that F
the Mulvaney thing I guess Mulvaney used
the phrase get over it
meaning that ya leaders leaders talk
this way just get over it
so the Trump campaign which is the
funniest campaign of all campaigns ever
Brad power scale I think probably is
behind a lot of this they did a
t-shirt.this it just says get over it
and and there's a little Trump haircut
sitting on one of the the first letter
of get just get over it now the get over
it shirt is again right on message
because you know you heard everything I
said which is this is just how leaders
talk you couldn't remove this even if
you wanted to
and so he's quid pro quo well get over
it get over it is sort of this summary
after you've said yeah that's just the
way the world works you know thanks for
waking up and being an adult and
noticing that everything is quid pro quo
even if you don't stay in it yeah yeah
welcome to the adult world get over it
it's pretty good it's funny
it probably raises money I have to admit
the moment I saw it that wanted it as
soon as I saw that t-shirt I was like I
kind of want that I'm not gonna wear it
cuz I don't want to get punched in
public it's too dangerous but I wanted
it so that's pretty good it's not often
I see a t-shirt where I say yeah I kind
of want that alright I would like to
talk about loser think it's a little
thing which I have to show you the cover
of the book hold on don't go anywhere
don't go anywhere stay
well back you didn't go anywhere did you
all right now I want to give you three
examples of loser think which is concept
out of my new book which you can
pre-order now the best book I've ever
written probably the best thing you'll
ever read in your entire life don't
don't let other people read this before
you do you're just gonna be well you'll
be unarmed you'll be going into debates
without knowing how to do it right
alright one of the concepts that I talk
about here and the idea behind loser
think is that if you have exposure to
different fields you can see around
corners and you can see situations more
clearly so for example if you had
experience let's say as a lawyer and
then you also knew economics let's say
you also knew psychology
you'd be way ahead of somebody who only
knew one of those things and an loser
think I don't teach you everything that
those fields would teach you just the
important concepts I'll give you some
clear examples of this I've got three
examples of people who either exhibited
loser think or did not
let's take number one the doral decision
the decision to hold the g7 at the doral
Country Club what do people who have
only let's say their only filter is
government or reporting let's say
they're they know the news they know
history and they're good at reporting
and government stuff and then they see
this story about the president chose his
own his own property Doral Country Club
for the g7 what would they naturally
think about that they'd say that's a
problem right if that was your
experience if you if you knew journalism
government in history and that was that
was your main focus and you looked at
that you'd say this is terrible this is
terrible
it looks like it's just an inside job
he's looking to profit from it and sure
he said we'll do it at cost but you're
still saying to yourself yeah but it
brings attention to his property right
now what if you had an additional skill
let's say your skill stack included
journalism and the media a little bit
about government a little bit about
psychology history etc but suppose you
also understood negotiating yeah
suppose you understood persuasion which
in negotiating are sort of the same same
general area if you do and I do and the
President does you would say that this
is the most brilliant thing you've ever
seen in your life
well I'm exaggerating a little bit but
you know I do that sometimes
here's the thing when you're negotiating
you always want the home-court advantage
you want to be somewhere where you are
most comfortable your own property and
you you want the other people to be
impressed by your surroundings you want
something about you you know yourself
your personality but also your property
to literally surround them and develop
them and become part of their world you
can't set the table better than this so
much so I would say that every time that
a president of our country hosts someone
in this country they should always take
the home-field advantage
let me ask you this question would it be
better for the President of the United
States to meet another world leader at a
hotel ballroom or in the Oval Office you
see it now right if you meet with the
President of the United States in the
Oval Office the president has a huge
advantage in this situation because
you're in the Oval Office
you're literally surrounded what by that
president's power and prestige that
makes a big difference if you meet them
in the arrest
and have lunch well then your the table
is being set by just randomness yes
you're just somewhere else you have no
advantage in that situation so that's my
first example of loser think
now remember loser thing doesn't mean
that the people who are doing it are
losers nothing like that I'm saying that
as a method of understanding your world
it takes you down the unproductive path
it's a losing path it's better to
increase your talent stack so you can
see around corners a little bit better
alright so what was missing for the
Doral story was an understanding of
negotiating it is a magnificently
correct decision the decision to do it
at Doral isn't just pretty good
it isn't just now he can get away with
it it's magnificent it's one of the best
smartest cleanest wins you've ever seen
reported by people who don't have a full
understanding of the world because
they've got a blank spot there and the
negotiating part of their their brain
map can't see it this is visible to them
alright here's another one
so elizabeth warren plans to
fundamentally change the system and she
uses words like that where she's going
to fundamentally change our economic
system if you did not have a degree in
economics as I do I've got a degree in
economics and I've got a know an MBA
Business School so I have I have that
part of my mental map is largely filled
in so when Elizabeth Warren says
something like this I want to
fundamentally change the system people
who have my background whether they say
it in these words or not are having the
following a thought when is a good time
to make a radical change to your system
is a good time to do it when it's
working great or what is not working
great now
people say hey Scott you said to me that
it was actually a really good time to do
a trade war with China because you said
that our economy is strong that's a good
time to take a risk because your economy
is so strong that if that goes wrong
you're still okay because the economy
started so strong that is correct the
trade war is a change within the system
so the system didn't change at all we're
just tweaking one variable within the
system
that's normal business now the China
trade war is bigger than normal variable
but it's still within the system no
matter what we do with China the system
will still be the system what Warren
wants to do is take the system throw it
away and replace it with something we
have not tried in this country in quite
the way she wants to do it that is a
radical and unpredictable change which
is way beyond the the level of risk
there anybody who had a degree in
economics would accept there's almost
nobody who if they were being honest
let's say you know in the political
sense you will of course find people who
will take any position on anything right
because it's politics but even somebody
who pretended to disagree with what I'm
saying if I could take them privately
and say look nobody will ever hear what
you're gonna say to me this is just
between us I swear trust me it's just us
nobody else will hear your opinion do
you think it's a good idea with your
degree in economics to change the entire
system when everyone agrees the system
has never worked as well as it's working
today yeah three point five percent
unemployment I mean really that's just
crazy and you don't change your whole
economy when it's the best it's ever
been ever it's just the dumbest thing in
the world now let's say that you had no
experience in economics and now
experience in anything else in which you
would do risk management decisions
let's say you were a journalist let's
say you had a degree in history let's
say you have a demeans anthropology in
which of those in which of those domains
would you have learned risk management
none right
risk management wouldn't be part of what
you do but let's say you were a doctor
let's say you were an emergency room
doctor or even the most extreme case a
battlefield doctor you know you you work
in a war zone
well in those cases you're doing risk
management decisions all the time you
know do I work on this patient this one
might die but this one's 85 participants
20 so you're doing all this risk
management decisions that might get you
to the point where you would recognize
that Warren's plan is completely the
worst risk management decision you could
ever make it's the worst now compare
that with Julian Castro who was asked
about ubi during the last debate what do
you remember what who lian's response
was he just gave a sort of a dismiss as
one sentence and he said well you know
that might be worth a pilot a little
test program a pilot program did you
catch that it was one of the smartest
things said at the debate and it was
just he just mumbled it in one sentence
because well you know maybe to a pilot
program on that Julian Castro showed you
had to do it no I don't know what his
background is was this able ought to be
I don't know what Julian Castro's
background is but maybe somebody can
tell me in the comments while I'm doing
this but based on that comment the fact
that hooli and said let's do a pilot
program what does that tell you about
Julian Castro it tells you he
understands risk management that's
exactly what you do if what if Elizabeth
Warren had been saying look I know this
is a radical thing we can't do this all
at once but I'm going to pick out this
part of the economy
I'm just gonna work on this one thing
let's let's do a pilot let's try a small
let's try it in one state let's let's
see what we can learn and then we'll
decide later if we want to do it bigger
if Elizabeth Warren had said something
like that well maybe she wouldn't be
getting as much attention as she is
because that's a little bit too normal
being extreme gets you a little more
attention but I would certainly say to
myself oh there's a leader I could trust
because they understand risk management
alright here's another example of loser
think and this is this is a positive
example I was watching meaning I'm gonna
give somebody a compliment here so I was
watching Tucker Carlson last night and
he does a little game show thing I think
on Fridays or something in which he has
other hosts or personalities from Fox
News compete in a little trivia contest
and one of the questions was the name of
Tiger Woods upcoming autobiography and
Gregg Jarrett was competing against here
my Bernie I wish I could but he was
competing against somebody else
and but I'm only going to talk about the
Gregg Jarrett part so neither neither
the competitors had heard of the name of
the book but it was multiple choice so
the magellan Turner I'm sorry yes it was
Jillian Turner and neither of them knew
the answer but there were four choices
and Gregg Jarrett looked at the four
choices rang in and said the answer is
back one word just back and he said I
and he said I don't know what the answer
is but like the other three titles are
hackneyed which is sort of a writer's
term nobody room but nobody writers
never uses that word and you know he was
the best-selling author he's got a new
book that's a best-seller right now last
book bestseller so Gregg Jarrett I
believe has a legal background he has a
media background he knows that all right
you so he noticed the publish
world so he knows how words work right
he's an attorney he's a TV personality
and he's an author so when he looked at
the list the word back jumped out as
obviously the title that anybody would
have chosen under that situation because
back referred to Tiger Woods coming back
but also he had a problem with his back
and also a one-word title is very strong
if you could make a title with one word
one word lose I think it's not an
accident that my titles are good if I do
say so myself it's because I work with
professionals who really know how to put
titles on books right it's not like I
come up with one title and everybody
says yes it's a whole process a lot of
people get involved in fact you know the
the subtitle is different from the title
the people involved in that I mean it's
a whole process to come up with a title
Gillian Turner as far as I know I'm not
aware of her having a best-selling book
probably didn't have experience in
getting a book published and picking a
title Gregg Jarrett had an extra skill
he is a best-selling author he has had I
know
because best-selling authors all have
this conversation long conversations
with editors and publishers about what
the title will be so when he looked at
the list he and I said the same thing at
the same time because I did not know the
title of Tiger Woods book book but as
soon as I saw the last list I said oh
it's obviously back no question about it
in my opinion it was clear as day that
added that multiple choice the answer
was going to be back and then Gregg
Jarrett speaks almost like it's coming
out of my mouth
well the top three are hackneyed and
back fits a couple of different ways
it's clever that's the answer all right
so that's my point
Gregg Jarrett having a deeper talent
stack that happened to be just perfect
to this question because he knew
publishing it shows you the power of
having an extra talent now
didn't have to be the most experienced
publishing person in the world you just
had to have a little exposure to picking
titles and and it would have been
obvious to you which of the 1 which of
those choices jumped out alright enough
about that more about the funny day so
let's talk about Hillary Clinton saying
that Tulsi Gabbard is a Russian asset I
don't know where to start this is so
this is some of the funniest news ever
let's start with Don Lemon I turned on
the radio as I was driving yesterday and
I heard Don Lemon say this and I've been
laughing to myself for hours he said
that he thinks maybe Hillary Clinton is
playing 3d chess pause pause for effect
let that sink in Don Lemon says he
thinks Hillary Clinton is playing 3d
chess by accusing tulsi gabbard of being
a Russian asset because what she's doing
is making it more difficult for Tulsi to
mount a third party run by making Tulsi
go on record as saying she doesn't plan
to do that oh you had to hear it live to
hear him say it and I felt as though I
could I could hear him it was almost
like he was talking and knowing it was
ridiculous at the same time because
nobody has been rougher on Trump
supporters for that 3d chess and 4d
chess analogy because we're always
saying that the president is thinking at
in fact I did it today talking about
Doral I said the president is ahead of
everybody because he noticed that it's
important to have it at his space that
just makes a difference so hearing Don
Lemon resort to the 3d chess analogy for
something which is clearly not 3d chess
I'm pretty sure the Hillary Clinton was
not trying to prevent Tulsi from a third
run and guess what if she had been
trying to prevent it it wouldn't have
made any difference do you think tulsi
gabbard would have said you know I was
really planning to do it a third party
run but then Hillary said something that
one time that's not gonna change
anything
if tulsi gabbard planned on a third
party run she would have a third party
run there's nothing that Hillary's gonna
say that's gonna change it this is the
most ridiculous comment from somebody
who I think had an embarrassing day
here's why it was embarrassing imagine
if you had been fighting to get Hillary
elected for however many years imagine
too that you were sorry that she hadn't
been elected for the three years that
trump's been there would you say to
yourself
after hearing hillary clinton go full
full conspiracy theory and blaming tulsi
gabbard and also who was a Jill Stein of
being Russian assets after you heard
that if you were a Clinton supporter a
Hillary supporter right up to that day
and then you heard that news what did
you say to yourself how did you process
that did you say to yourself well I've
been right all along as Hillary Clinton
is on the ball for a mental game or her
mental stability totally where I wanted
to be and it looks like she's playing 3d
chess again look at her with that 3d
chess maybe maybe you do that but don't
you think and this is just a question
because I can't read minds but don't you
think that all over the country there
are people who in their own quiet
moments are hearing Hillary accuse
people of being Russian assets
tulsi gabbard and Jill Stein do you
think that her supporters in their
private moments are saying to themselves
oh
looks like we dodged a bullet there sure
maybe I don't like President Trump or
his policies but I don't think I wanted
that either whatever that is whatever
we're seeing you know whatever it is
that we're seeing Hillary Clinton do now
remember that's who she would have been
in office that craziness that you're
seeing that would have happened even
while she was president could you could
you possibly watch Hillary Clinton's
performance this week in her private
life and say to yourself you know I I
wish she'd been president I don't see
how anybody could have that thought I
think they would all have to say as much
as I don't like President Trump I have
to admit there were two bad choices that
election I don't think there's anybody
saying man if only we'd gotten her in
there don't you think it would have some
effect on their confidence about how
right they are about anything it should
shake your confidence to watch the
candidate that you've been fighting for
for years go bonkers exactly a time when
she would have been in her third year of
the presidency do you want that making
decisions well think so all right so a
little more on Tulsi so Tulsi quite
cleverly took this opportunity to boost
her visibility I'm pretty sure it will
help her I think Tulsi will get a bump
for this the biggest problem that tells
the Gabbard has is that Republicans like
her have you noticed that from the very
beginning it's been literally annoying
me how many people have said to me
what about Tulsi Gabbard Scott you know
you never talked about Tulsi and I
didn't just because I wasn't talking
about people with 1% support just never
seemed relevant to me but the number of
Republicans
who were in love with her and that's the
best way I can say it
she's because I don't think it's like it
doesn't feel like some kind of a lust
they just think she's attractive kind of
thing the way the way Republicans talk
about her is like they're in love not
like they're in lust
it really looks different there's
something about her that makes men crazy
and you know I normally I wouldn't even
talk about that right I mean that's
that's not my thing
and I'm trying not to be sexist about
this I'm just trying to be observational
my observation is so I'm not making any
comments about tell C's appearance
that's not my deal I'm not about that
but my observation is that people keep
coming to me telling me they're in love
with her and the Republicans I've never
seen anything like it literally I've
never seen anything like it so she has
some effect on people
mostly men as far as I can tell that or
at least more men that is hard to deny
there's some kind of X Factor thing
going on there that I can't say I see it
exactly I mean I can I can see it but I
don't have the same reaction to it so
she quite cleverly used this to boost
her exposure
I think her her rank will go up I don't
know if it's enough but I think her rank
will go up and I love that she said she
talked to by tweets she talked to
Hillary Clinton and said you the queen
of warmongers embodiment of corruption
and personification of the rot that has
sickened the Democratic Party
personification of the rot that's good
stuff now I have not seen anything from
Tulsi prior to this that made me think
oh she's good at this persuasion stuff
there was something she was doing right
the X Factor stuff but I didn't really
see
you know persuasion talent but then this
tweet comes out and I'm thinking damn
this is fire
you know you kind of expect it from
somebody in the military don't you
expect a military personality something
who's been shaped by experience in the
military is that they would be extra
controlled until they don't need to be
right
wouldn't that be sort of a basic
characteristic that you would learn it
would be like hold hold hold hold hold
hold
kill that's why you learned right
don't kill until you're ready to kill
don't pull the trigger unless you're
ready to kill and it looks to me like
Tulsi in my opinion was just a spectator
in this process hold o this this debate
didn't didn't have much to go on hold
and there's Clinton she picked the
Clinton pops her head out of the the
foxhole and suddenly Tulsi says no now
somebody says we told you so I'll give
an A+ for a Tulsi for the week I think
she won the week easily easily won the
week of the Democrats and I'd be
surprised if she doesn't hit 5% on the
next you know she's gonna be in the top
six I think probably because of this
just gives her a little more attention
so there's that so I hear the Huffington
Post is for sale by Verizon
oh the poor Huffington Post my nemesis
for years the the organization which has
been slandering me for years they're not
making it financially oh oh I feel so
sad for them so I've I put
in my bid I've been $1 for the
Huffington Post and I will take it over
and fire everybody
so if Verizon would like to get rid of
this this financial sinkhole I will take
it off their hands for a $1 and I'll do
what they don't want to do which is I'll
fire everybody I'll just go in there and
say I'm your new boss I just want your
company for a $1 you're all fired get
out of here you stinking fake news
people all right
did you watch oh here let me give you
another example of loser think when
people are looking at the hunter Biden
thing the the other team likes to say oh
yeah well you can make fun of hunter
Biden but what about Ivanka and the in
the example that people keep giving me
on social media as that Ivanka was
granted a bunch of trademarks in China
recently now if you're deep in loser
think you say to yourself my god China
is giving Ivanka trademarks not just one
but multiple trademarks has she sold out
is she working for trying it China now
because they gave her a bunch of
trademarks no let me explain how
trademarks work
I have trademarks in China quite a few
do you know what do you know what it
takes to get a trademark in China let me
show you the process for getting a
trademark in China it looks like this I
got some paperwork I got my trademark
paperwork it says what do you want I
want I want to have a trademark on this
name or this product what categories
this will be just for ashtrays and
automobiles those are the only
categories I need my trademark are you
using the trademark actively yes I am
now I put this in the mail or my lawyer
does and you send it off to China then
China in some some office gets your
it gets your trademark requests and says
huh let's see in my database if anybody
else is using this nope nobody else is
using a trademark called Ivanka Trump
granted done that's it I just described
the entire process you fill out some
paperwork China looks at it and says
does somebody already have this one nope
we don't have somebody called Ivanka
Trump in China trying to sell things
with the name of Anka Trump on it
approved that's it that's the whole
process and why do somebody to get a
trademark in China it's because the
Chinese will otherwise is steal your
product the reason you get a trademark
in China even if you never want to do
business in China is because you don't
want the Chinese Dilbert comic to emerge
if I did not have a trademark in China
they could make Dilbert products and
just call it chill Burt or Bill burr or
Gilbert or anything they wanted they
could actually even call it Dilbert if I
hadn't already taken the trademark the
same with copyrights and other things so
the people who don't understand a little
bit about intellectual property here the
story that Ivanka Trump that got
trademarks in China and they say my god
they're in bed together they're in bed
together it's like President Xi and
Ivanka they've got some kind of unholy
deal together now somebody in Ivanka's
organization probably a lawyer filled
out some paperwork somebody at the
lowest level of Chinese government
looked at the name on the paperwork
looked at the database and said no we
don't have an Ivanka Trump approved
that's it that's the entire process yeah
this it's like a big deal to people who
don't understand what a trademark is all
right enough about that
as if y'all seen the video of the
Mexican police shooting it out with the
cartel and losing losing a shootout to
the cartel and you know there's a bunch
of phone videos I bet so you don't see
any of it too well but you can tell that
the cartel actually has these fairly
large trucks which they've rigged up
with armor on the sides and they've got
these military-grade machine guns and
military-grade handheld machine guns as
well and they they just hang gun the
police and the police had some pretty
good guns but nothing like that and and
they're just driving down the streets of
this Mexican city with a mounted machine
gun in the back of a truck this is a
civilized or allegedly civilized country
right on our border with a paramilitary
that's completely owning the police and
murdering them at will
now here's the question at what point
does that get our attention at what
point does the United States say well it
would be nice to deal with the
government of Mexico on a variety of
things and we will when when it works
but there are other things there are
other things that we just have to do
ourselves now one of the things that we
might have to do ourselves is to start
sending some snipers and some drones to
just start up start picking away at the
cartels I don't know why we're not
murdering them like actually murdering
them what would stop us from sending our
I know SEAL Teams and drones and snipers
and whatever else we have to just put
them in place and have them start
picking off the cartel just actually
murdering them wherever we can find them
why don't we Bob them do you think we
don't know where the cartels facilities
are well we just carpet-bomb the whole
thing whole damn thing just just kill
everybody there why not
I don't really understand what prevents
us there must be a reason I think there
is a reason well I would say that we
could declare the cartels a I think they
have to be declared terrorists and I
think we've come close to that but I
haven't and I don't understand the why
we won't act unilaterally is it because
we're afraid of the Mexican military I
mean what-what exactly stops us from
attacking terrorists right on our border
turkey does it we're letting Turkey do
it with the Kurds if turkey can do with
the Kurds why can't we do it with the
cartels remember they're sending us
fentanyl if fentanyl were not part of
the equation I might say well you know
drugs are gonna get here anyway blah
blah both fentanyl is just straight-up
weapon of mass destruction and the
Chinese are the Chinese are sending it
to the Mexican cartels and the cartels
are shipping it in so really we should
look at this as a Chinese attack on the
homeland and if the Chinese are using
the Mexicans as their go-between in
their attack on our homeland we can kill
him we could just kill their entire if
we found out that you know some of the
drug cartel people had a I don't know a
mansion or a facility somewhere we could
just blow up the whole thing kill
everybody who was anywhere near it I
don't think we have to worry about
anything I think we have a full I think
we have a full full you know free shot
it's a free pass anyway so there's bored
of that story than I understand so
probably somebody smart needs to explain
to me why we're not already acting
militarily against the cartels here's an
interesting question for you find
somebody who has a strong opinion on the
Syrian situation doesn't matter which
position they take maybe they're pro
Trump maybe anti Trump but they have a
strong opinion on it and then ask them
to draw a map of Syria and the
neighboring countries
as just a little a little experiment to
see how much they know about the region
just say okay it doesn't have to be to
scale or anything but could you draw
like a conceptual map and then draw
Turkey and the neighboring countries I
just want to see if you know what the
neighborhood looks like very few people
could do that but they would still have
a strong opinion about what should
happen over there you sort of have to
see it on a map and be able to
conceptualize it on a map davit but to
have a strong opinion on it same with
Yemen in Saudi Arabia
you probably say to yourself hey why is
Saudi Arabia messing with Yemen have you
seen a map look at the map if you look
at the map you'll know exactly why Saudi
Arabia is massacring people in Yemen
because they can't accept an unfriendly
entity right on their border nobody can
well except the United States apparently
we left the cartels ship us weapons of
mass destruction every day and
we let them live sorry the destiny came
does it sound like I had a little bit of
blood thirst when it involves fentanyl
being shipped to our borders because I
do I do have a little bit of a blood
thirst I cop to that so I was watching
some video of Syria in which dead bodies
were being paraded through the streets
to show how awful the Turks are and even
the news said we can't quite can't quite
verify that these people are first of
all really dead and second of all that
they died because of Turkey so even the
news is saying we think people are dying
but we don't have any confirmation
isn't that a hell of a what what kind of
a massacre has no confirmed two deaths I
mean I assume people are dying because
there's military action but we don't
have any confirmed deaths it's the
biggest it's the biggest you know it's
the biggest
going on and we can't get decent news
because everybody is talking about the
Kurds being left to be massacred
and obviously that's worth worrying
about but does anything like that
happening anything I didn't just don't
know if anything like that is happening
yeah and the and the Kurds are a
legitimate threat to Turkey if the if
the roles were reversed if this were the
United States and we had known
terrorists on her border who were
working with people who were not
terrorists but but some of them were
would we act the same way turkey is
acting of course we would if you reverse
the situation inside okay now you're
Turkey you've got to take care of the
Turkish people what are you gonna do
you've got terrorists on your border who
are creating a homeland you don't let us
stand the Turks are doing exactly what
we would do in that situation exactly
what we would do so it's hard for me to
come down hard on the Turks for doing
exactly what we would do it's it's part
of the same reason that I'm supportive
of Israel in general even when they're
you know somewhat let's say somewhat
militaristic because it's what we would
do if we were in their situation we'd
act a lot like they act so I try not to
get into the hypocrite territory by
acting as if we would do anything
differently my take on this is that the
president should the Box probably some
people got killed probably some people
would get killed under every scenario
there's probably no scenario in which
nobody gets killed you get that right
the people who are saying hey the
president made a big mistake the way he
did this because some people are getting
killed well nobody wants people to get
killed but what was the plan where
nobody got killed nobody has that plan
there were only plans in which people
get killed the president chose a plan in
which Americans didn't get killed but
other people did that sort of his job
that's the president's job now of course
all the people like Romney and and the
people were complaining about our honor
the United States has lost this honor
and that's a valuable asset is it is it
really in what imaginary world were
other countries dealing with us based on
our honor that is a complete imaginary
sensory situation sure there are other
countries who have positive feelings
about the United States and pulling out
of this courage situation might make
them think less of us is somebody not
going to do a trade deal with us because
of that is somebody going to leave NATO
because of that is there anything
anybody's gonna do in any way that makes
any difference because of that no no is
there any fighting force that wouldn't
want to join up with us if we had a
common enemy now because fighting a
common enemy it always makes sense to
team up with the United States why
wouldn't you so I cannot identify
anything in the real world that isn't
anyway even hypothetically damaged by
what the President did and I think that
you know here's his choice got X number
of people killed every other path no
matter what he'd done would get X other
people killed do you think Turkey was
gonna wait forever and just let the
Kurds set up a homeland and and and be
able to export terrorism across their
border no no no that path was not
available nobody had that option do you
think the Kurds were willing to be
flexible before we said we're out of
here
no if we had said we're thinking of
pulling it out we're gonna give you lots
of time Kurds you have all the time you
need to work something out we'll work
with you
we don't want to just pull out can you
be flexible what would the Kurd say no
we're not going to be flexible do you
think that they were ready to deal no
the president shaking the box and say
all right you're on your own
is the only thing that made the Kurds
flexible short of that nothing good was
going to happen
so yes it caused some lives to be lost
but every path had that downside and I
wonder if we'll ever find out who got
killed in that area all right what else
we got I'm having a good time watching
Fox headlines they're funnier than usual
so they they may use my pond in a
headline no it's my I'm not saying that
they got it from me because it's an
obvious pun but it's one you heard me
make I said the hunter Biden was more a
gatherer than a hunter hey for a hunter
he's kind of a gatherer and so Fox
headline today is a hunter gatherer
talking about hunter Biden because
there's there's a report so so Fox News
is saying this that hunter Biden was
paid eighty-three thousand dollars a
month even more than we thought by burr
yzma since 2014 to be quote a ceremonial
figure with a quote powerful name a
report said Friday so I read this and I
thought our report said Friday okay
where's the link to the report who what
exactly the report was that I don't
think the story says now maybe it says
that I missed it but I looked for it do
you believe any news organization that
says a report said and they don't
mention what the report is or who did it
or where it came from
I'm not so sure that's a report that I
find credible you got a name the report
and maybe it's in the story like in a
footnote or something I just couldn't
find it my guess is that it has to be
there
I can't believe an editor and a fox
would let somebody write a report said
and then quote
it without telling us whose report it
was so maybe that was just a an editing
error or maybe it's my error so I'm not
gonna say it's Fox there I'll say that I
couldn't see at least obviously where
that report was does anybody know
anybody else know where that report came
from if you if you if you do know say so
in the comments somebody said that John
Solomon reported this weeks ago but they
don't name him all right so they also
said here's another headline on the Fox
News page it said longtime Trump critics
comments start frenzied at President
bashing Network what do you think is the
president bashing Network so so Fox News
refers in the headline to a president
bashing Network and you all know who it
is
that's pretty funny if you think about
it now as I've said the news is our new
form of humor and I think Fox News
embraces this far more than the other
networks when I watch Fox News which is
the primary thing I watch I always make
sure that I sample see and then all the
time to make sure I see both sides but
more time I spend on Fox News by far now
partly the reason I do that is that it's
so well produced and so well staffed the
the talent and the way they produce it
at Fox it was sort of unparalleled
there's a reason they're number one just
just the professionalism on on every
level from the human talent to the the
way they produce it to the technology
it's the best of the business but they
certainly understand that there's a
humor element of the news and and you
see them playing to it with their
headlines here because when they say the
president bashing Network you know that
first of all they they know you know
what they're talking about but secondly
that's sort of with a wink is that it
sort of that you know the president
bashing Network wink and you're supposed
to laugh
likewise with hunter-gatherer that's
obviously intentionally to make you
laugh so Fox News understands who
there's audiences really well and they
understand that that the humor of it is
part of the entertainment so I always
appreciate that
so the Brooklyn Nets fans brought some
pro Hong Kong signs at a LeBron James
game I guess Brooklyn Nets were playing
must be the Lakers where LeBron plays at
Barclays Center and so I think this is
going to be a thing now the the
protesters I think you're gonna follow
LeBron
probably all season or at least as long
as the Hong Kong problem goes on which
is probably all season so that's fun
imagine trying to be LeBron and trying
to concentrate on your playing
basketball when big chunk of your
audience is hanging up signs about Hong
Kong and how you messed that up because
you know even LeBron even LeBron is is
thinking he messed up don't you think
I'm not reading his mind but I'm just
saying if you were LeBron or anybody
were LeBron and you're in his position
would you think well I had a good week
or what do you think it looks like I
messed up this week I mean I think he
thinks he messed up so these signs get
to remind him of one of his maybe his
biggest public unforced error all right
he has to feel bad about it you think
because it's all negative attention and
it's taking away from the team the sport
it's taking away from everything he
cares about so you have to think he
thinks it wasn't a good week and
reminding of it him of it with these
signs and t-shirts that's got an effect
his playing I would think it's gonna
affect his mental game but to be fair
you know while we can we can disagree
with him on his political statements I
think we'd all agree LeBron James is
probably one of the most mentally solid
athletes of all time right so it could
be that he's one of these rare people
who could maybe even raise this game
maybe even likes it maybe he likes you
know playing against the protesters so
it might actually make him better you
never know
LeBron's not like other people he's he's
a super athlete and mentally he's super
strong as well
sports wise he thinks people who
disagree with him are misinformed well I
don't believe he thinks he nailed it
this week I think he knows he missed the
layup this week yeah but-- i don't know
where boo the cat is she's usually in
here i guess she got a better offer
today all right was there anything else
going on so if somebody says are you
still two left or Bernie and Warren yes
but I'm better at math so where Bernie
and Warren want to do some things where
the math doesn't work I could still like
their goal so I share Bernie and
Warren's goal of making education widely
available for cheaper for free and I
think health care is a basic right I
don't know how to get there if I knew
how to get there I would tell you
cleverly how my plan is better than
their plan but I don't know how to make
the math work but I've said this before
there there's somebody in the news who's
lying to you badly and I I'm not exactly
sure who let me give you two facts and
see if you can make them make sense
there are two things we are told
reliably that there's something like 18%
of the united states does not have
health care right so everybody has
health care health care insurance except
for eight
percent of the know the country so what
would that tell you about how much extra
each of us would have to pay whether
it's in taxes or some other kind of way
how much would each of us have to pay to
make up for that 18% I don't know ten
twenty percent extra because if if you
add the extra eighteen percent maybe
there's some extra economies of scale
because of size or whatever maybe not I
don't know but somewhere in that 18
percent range right if 18 percent don't
have insurance then all the people knows
presumably they're also the people who
are poor so they're not paying any taxes
so if 18 percent of the people are poor
and not paying taxes and don't have
health care what would it cost the rest
of the people who are not as for and
have health care to cover them isn't it
around 18 percent so if I were to raise
my health care expense by 18 percent it
would be the say three four hundred
dollars a month
I don't know I'm somewhere in that range
now keep that in mind that it might cost
you a few hundred dollars per month more
if you were asked to cover the 18
percent who don't have insurance now how
does that work
with the fact that I turn on fox news
and you'll hear experts and and even
warn herself and burning themselves
telling you it's going to cost a thirty
trillion dollars and that there's not
enough there's not enough money in the
entire country even if every rich person
gave up all their money there's not
enough money to pay for covering that
extra 18 percent do you see where I'm
going with this
somebody is lying to you by trillions
and I don't know who it is
I don't know who it is it's either true
that we have only 18 percent you know
some some I see people saying it's a
little higher than 18 percent but the
math will still work either way it's
either true that
18% don't have healthcare or it's true
that giving everybody healthcare will
cost trillions and trillions and there's
no way we have that much money they're
not both true
they can't be do you see that do you see
that those two things which are both
reported as uncontested fact can't both
be true somebody is lying to you in such
a massive way it's trillions its
trillions of dollars they're lying to
you and I don't know its side
I actually don't because both of those
things can't be true at the same time
here's my suspicion the 18% is the one
that's true because I think you can
measure that fairly accurately what the
what both Warren and Bernie are doing
incompetently like so incompetently
I almost want to like give up on
supporting Trump go to Bernie go to
Elizabeth Warren and say please dear God
can I fix your message because you are
so ruining this you know you're actually
making it harder for more people to get
insurance because you've totally ruined
the message here's the message that
Elizabeth Warren says Elizabeth Warren
how're you gonna pay for this is the
middle class gonna pay more ah their
costs will go down now we didn't ask you
their costs we said will their taxes go
up Elizabeth can you answer that
question their costs will go down
Elizabeth do you have a hearing problem
because I'm asking you or are the taxes
going out for that group their costs
will go down there you go
what the hell is wrong with you what the
hell is wrong with you here's the
correct answer allow me to be Elizabeth
Warren and not a freakin idiot this is
what you would say yes the whole point
is that people won't have to pay their
own costs and
employers won't have to pay for it so
there'll be less money paid into the
healthcare the government will do that
and the way that looks is that your
total costs will go down even though
your taxes will go up a little bit so
yes what we plan to do is have your
taxes go up a little bit but the savings
that you'll have overall will go up a
lot that's our plan so we want you to
save a lot of money if you're in the
middle class a lot your taxes will go up
but you're gonna save a lot but
Elizabeth Warren can you guarantee that
that will be true for every voter who's
in the middle class no there are lots of
different situations probably somebody
in the middle class will pay a little
bit more but not a lot there I just
fixed it if you take if you take that
message to the people and say yeah the
middle class a little bit more taxes
save a lot on health care that's my plan
I don't even know if that could be
accomplished I'm not even saying it's
true but the message is better compare
that to Elizabeth Warren are you going
to raise our taxes go clause will now go
up what is wrong with her and even
Bernie who does Bernie does a better job
because he at least sees a little bit
honest about it's gonna be real
expensive I'm gonna I'm gonna really
screw the rich people at least he's
honest right like I don't I don't need
to know the exact numbers he's telling
me he's gonna screw me to give health
care to other people I get it all right
you don't need to give me an exact
number for that I kind of know what that
looks like so so that's your assignment
for today here's your assignment find
out who is lying is a lie that we only
have eighteen percent who don't have
insurance or is it a lie that it will
cost trillions of dollars to insure them
they can't both be true tell me which is
true and get back to me that's all I got
for today I hope you pre-ordered my book
lose to think that's what makes me come
back for the fun of it
well I'd come back anyway because I
enjoy doing this
but it does make it easier for me to do
this when I feel that I've got some
support so that's that see ya
see you later so awkward trying to sign
off of these things because that bum
doesn't work