oh don't worry I'm only a few minutes
late do not have the coronavirus I'm
fresh and clean fresh as the morning dew
yes no coronavirus can find me I am in
deep hiding you know what you know it is
the most famous saying in all of
military I think you do divide and
conquer
we're using the most historically
efficient effective way to beat a a
warring enemy and we are at war just me
we are at war with this virus and we
have taken the strategy at least in this
country to divide and conquer could that
work yeah yep that's why we're doing it
we're doing it because it works
divide and conquer people you've got a
strategy but first it's a good day
because you're here and you're about to
enjoy the simultaneous sip and it's not
not many things better than that really
and all you need is a cup of megara
glass a tankard jealous or Stein and a
canteen juggler flask of that's a little
any kind fill it with your favorite
liquid I like coffee and join me now for
the peril the unparalleled pleasure of
the dopamine hit of the day the thing
that makes everything better including
the coronavirus go mm-hmm I feel my
immune response up to the challenge went
for a really nice walk last night after
dark so the weather around here is you
know we're in that season where it could
be a good day or a bad day 50 degrees
swings and last night it was pretty
chilly but I put on my big coat and
scarf and hat and went for a long walk
and it is a really interesting world out
there
because there are a lot of people taking
long walks because not much else to do
and I I cannot recommend enough
honestly if there's anybody listening to
this who did not take a long walk
yesterday do yourself a favor
because your mental state your your body
your you know your you know all of your
chemistry that makes you stressed does
get suppressed it's not that hard you
just take a nice walk but here's the
interesting thing there are lots of
other people taking walks and there are
lots of situations where you would have
to you know walk past them in the other
direction on the side where sidewalk now
I'm in it I'm in a suburban neighborhood
so normally it's not like there are a
ton of people walking around it's mostly
people go to their houses and drive
around but last night a lot of people
were walking a lot of people were
walking and you would come near them and
there's be this this weird thing that
you've never seen before where people
would cross the street a block before
they saw you and then I saw somebody do
that to me and then I thought why not so
every time I saw somebody else coming
the other way I cross the street and I
don't know you know I don't think any of
it makes much difference I mean walking
past somebody on the sidewalk versus
crossing the street does it make that
much difference I don't know you know
ask an expert I don't think it's
impossible that somebody couldn't
coughin your direction just as you walk
by but I think it's pretty low risk
however I do like the fact that people
are people are taking you seriously
and every time we every time we do a
wide circle every time we you know say
no to a handshake every time we you know
walk around somebody it reminds us it
reminds them that this is not a drill
this is real now most of us would be
absolutely fine we find now we'll be
fine when it's over and we'll be great
when we're past it but yeah let's let's
take you seriously at the same time
somebody said that Bill Mitchell has
turned around and maybe taking you
seriously could it be because he can't
leave his house
you know there's part of me that wonders
if no I don't think this is the case but
part of me wonders if the the the nature
of the restrictions are meant to get
your attention as much as they're meant
to separate you now of course the
important thing is to separate you
that's you know that's the functional
part of it but I have to think has the
second benefit that I'm sure people
thought of which is people did not take
this seriously until the government of
the United States said don't leave your
house or the police are gonna tap you on
the shoulder well from 6 feet away
they'll have like a six foot pole and
they'll say hey hey get back in your
house not really they don't really have
a pole but you know what I mean and I
think this has finally turned people
around I saw some tweets by Elon Musk
now some of you know that Elon said some
things that sounded like he was
minimizing it or comparing it to a
regular flu or something which which a
lot of people did early on and and then
talked themselves out of it as events
proceeded but it looked like from the
last couple of tweets I saw from Elon he
was talking about a particular drug
we've talked about it what's it called
it's got that weird name that's hard to
pronounce
clora chloroquine chloroquine drugged
for malaria and apparently we're seeing
multiple reports not yet
scientifically valid in humans but
assumed to be valid because it's been
tried enough now already then people are
seeing pretty clear across the board's
benefits now this is for somebody who's
already got it and apparently it makes a
big difference
but here's more good news all right so
this this drug chloroquine and it's
something Elan musk and tweeted round it
does look promising
it does look promising but there's
another drug that seems to me up I know
I'm not enough of a chemist to know
what's going on here but it looks like a
stronger version of it or something
something in the same family called high
hydroxy chloroquine hydroxychloroquine
and I think there's a 2020 peer-reviewed
paper and again peer-reviewed paper
doesn't mean it's true
doesn't mean it's right it just means it
passed you know one filter of which you
would hope it would pass lots before you
really believe that but in an emergency
people probably you're going to take a
different risk profile than they
normally would and should that makes
sense an emergency and it looks like
this version of the drug because maybe
four times I was at four or five I
forget but four or five times is
stronger at least in vitro in other
words in a test tube it was four to five
times stronger and I believe that both
of these drugs are well understood at
least the the chloroquine is well
understood for sure because it's
something that people been taking for a
long time for malaria and I think
rheumatoid arthritis so we understand
the the risks and I think the the
thinking was that this new drug that's
four times more effective is is close
enough in nature to the other one that
we do know a lot about though it's
probably not the biggest risk in the
world to to make this available
especially to people who seem to be
getting helped by it so we've got two
things that look really promising so I
said to myself well I assume we're just
cranking out lots of that stuff right I
mean just in case wouldn't you assume
that just based on the early reports our
government would be trying to stockpile
that stuff as quickly as possible so I
said to myself well who makes who makes
this chloroquine drug so I drilled down
a little bit and it's become a French
company so the the drug that probably at
this point is one of two drugs
the other one this ribbon does of here
or something a drug that used to be used
for HIV but I think they got better ones
now and that appears to be very very
effective as well so anyway but this
chloroquine is made by a French company
called Salafi Adventists merger of the
two companies and then my my trail went
cold because I was doing this just
before I came on that's why I was a few
minutes late I was trying to see if I
could figure out where the drug that if
I had to guess I think it's gonna be the
key to this thing because long before we
get to a vaccine although that might be
that that might be mind-bogglingly fast
because I talked about this yesterday
any assumption you make about how long
it takes to get a drug approved under a
normal situation I think you have to at
least suspend your assumption that it
will look like that and and think that
maybe this is a big enough issue that
we'll take a bigger chance than we
normally would I think that's fair to
say so we'll probably have a vaccine
faster than anybody except president
Trump predicted watch one that happens
watch what happens when we do get a
vaccine and it's faster than anybody
except Trumper predicted what's that
going to do what's that going to do to
the world you know the collective brain
of the world if I had to bet on it
it's gonna be somewhere between where
foul Chi is sort of you know quite
reasonably telling us that best
practices would put it maybe a year or
18 months out and probably closer to a
nearly 18 months and the president made
happy sounds like well it could be just
several months which would be you know
record-breaking mind-boggling impossible
nobody knows how you could do it I'm
gonna bet somewhere in the middle
you know maybe a year I mean if you know
if if we get a vaccine in nine months
which I think all the experts would say
would be impossible under normal
circumstances but if we get into nine
months I'm not going to be surprised
because the the principle in play here
is that all of human ingenuity is
focused on it it's not like normal stuff
every opportunity to cut a corner will
be used so you're not bad so you're not
betting on Trump so much as you're
betting on the collective talents of the
most talented people our country has
ever produced
and they're on it but here's the thing
who makes this drug so it's a French
company that you know is the the
corporate company but do you think that
they manufacture this in France i I'd
like to know that if somebody can find
that out and I'm not clever enough to
dig down to know how a particular
company manufactures a particular drug
in which Factory I don't know how to
find that out but if there's anybody who
can can you get me any answers that
because I'm afraid the answer is going
to be China right now here's a question
for you let's say there is a drug we
know it works or were we're hopeful that
it works and the risk management you
know the threshold has been reached
meaning that we definitely want to go
hard at this drug even with a little bit
of risks how would we do it well I'm
looking at your comments somebody said
maybe India maybe China but let's say
it's China I think that's probably a
good guess
right now there's a company that holds
the patent and then it's manufactured in
China would we produce that drug could
we I know we could physically I believe
we could could we clone it to its
generic and then
mass-produces in this country without
benefit of owning the patent or any you
know copyright whatever they've got
there whatever kind of protection it
would be a patent I guess could we make
it in other words could we break their
patent because it's an emergency yes yes
we could all right are we going to not
make that drug because it would be
against the law no no that's not going
to happen if there's a patent law that
prevents us from making this drug we are
going to ignore the patent law and we're
gonna ignore it like it never even
existed we will ignore it so hard and
we'll never know what existed for the
emergency now I hope there's nobody in
the government who's saying we can't do
this because we don't own the patent you
know please tell me there's nobody so
stupid in our government who would
hesitate in an emergency because of a
patent I don't think so
somebody says it's not patented mm-hmm
maybe possible but I don't know somebody
says it's already generic and that's I
was looking for that and couldn't find
that just before I got on I I was
getting close to finding that out
somebody says what patent law yeah so I
guess I guess the question is we're not
going to have to worry I don't think
about any legalities so it really comes
down to a technical question and then a
like a manufacturing question how fast
could we spin up a or convert an
existing plant to just crank this
presumably the the stronger version the
hydro oxy chloroquine and just start
cranking that stuff out just in case and
do you think do you think we already
know enough to do that in other words do
we know enough about the possibilities
of the drug that even if we're 60% sure
you know you pick your number 80% sure
that it makes a difference I'm talking
about the scientists I'm not talking
about me being sure but the scientists
if they're somewhere in that 60 to 80
percent you know
certain that this could be a useful drug
where is my where is my news reporting
where this is happening because you know
what would make me feel a lot better
is to read in the you know Breitbart or
New York Times or wherever whoever does
the story that here's the factory and
they're already converting and you know
by the end of the week they'll be
cranking this out like crazy and we
don't care about this French company
they're it's like they don't exist we're
just gonna make this and we're gonna
give it out like crazy just in case and
again you might want to withhold their
from the public which wouldn't be a bad
strategy it wouldn't be a bad strategy
to make sure that you know a normal
healthy person can't get it so you want
to limit it to the medical people who
can prescribe it but anyway this is
pretty good and then there's also this
room does aveer are probably saying it
wrong that seems to make a difference as
well so in terms of treatment we've got
some good stuff somebody says Australia
tested is successfully done that was in
vitro it has been used in real patients
and the reports are that they all got
better but there's such small groups
that you can't take that too seriously
yet all right here are some things in no
particular order I just saw a tweet I
think it's true you know you can't you
can't believe anything you see in the
tweet these days but somebody was
showing pictures of a Hong Kong wrist
app or not know a wrist thing that goes
around your wrist and if you've been I
think either traveling or you have the
coronavirus you know if you're traveling
there with your quarantine you and they
put the thing on it's basically like
wearing the what do you call it when
you're you're you're at home detention
and you've got the ankle bracelet that
is like digitally monitored well in Hong
Kong
it's basically an ankle bracelet
bracelet that can tell where you are but
it goes on your wrist
and it works with an app on your phone
and apparently Hong Kong is pretty
serious about this stuff and first of
all where's my app are you telling me
Hong Kong can spin up an app faster than
weekend come on we should at least be
working on this and I guess it tells you
you know you have you walk around the
perimeter inside your house and then
they can map your house and it knows
exactly if you've even walked out the
door and apparently that level of
government monitoring has made a big
difference in Hong Kong and I do think
that there's this is an information
problem you know we treated it as a
health problem because that's what
happens if you don't have information so
it's an information problem first who
has it and where are they that's the
information who has it and where are
they and then the then if you don't do
that right the information problem then
it's a health problem which is what
we're seeing but thinking of it as an
information problem tells you where to
put resources for prevention which is in
the technology speaking of which I guess
some some of the nation's doctors are
calling out for a national database I
think it's different than what Google
was making Google was making database
for people to check their symptoms or
something I think that's what that was
going to be about whereas the doctors
are saying we need a database where all
the credential physicians were working
on this around the world can share their
outcomes and what they tried that worked
and you know what you might not know if
you haven't seen it yet and I thought
that doesn't exist that doesn't exist
already and now since there's a national
call for it to be built I assume a whole
bunch of people are just gonna go off
and try to build one on their own and at
some point somebody official is gonna
say we'll take the good one you know but
I would imagine a whole bunch of people
just sat down the minute they saw that
and said I could make that oh because
it's basically just an information
sharing website probably just you could
take components that are eggs
you know go to your github grab some
grab some code and slap it together and
because it just needs to be bare-bones
they just want the information they
don't need it to be pretty so that's
happening and remember I was telling you
that there you know that we're at the
the flat part of the the curve of human
intelligence in other words we've got
all the smart people working on it and
then they're going to share information
it's that it's the point where they're
all sharing information that gets you to
the elbow you're the part where where
the human capability goes from not very
good - okay we got this you know and
it'll go almost straight up after that
so we're sort of approaching the you
know or I think we're about halfway into
the middle of the elbow and I didn't
realize that we were lacking this very
basic bit of intelligence gathering
which is the ability for the doctors to
efficiently share what they know but
that will be if I had to guess we'll
probably have that by the end of the
week right I mean how hard could it be
to build that really so by the end of
the week all of these individual spots
of genius and I'm just gonna call it
that you know doctors are pretty smart
scientists are pretty smart we're not
talking about you you know it's not us I
said this before but I don't think the
average person and I put myself in that
category what I'm talking about what
these folks I don't think the average
person can even conceive of how smart
the people are who are working on this
problem and there are millions of them
maybe hundreds of thousands that are the
real smart ones but at the moment
apparently they can't share as
effectively as they want to there is
worry you if you know somebody you can
share with them but that's it
so imagine somebody finally said give us
give us a place to connect all the
geniuses think about that
give us one website we'll connect all
the best thinking of the geniuses in one
place that's the middle of the elbow
when you see that
I just know that the the collective
intelligence of this entity that is
humanity because we have two kinds of
intelligence we have individual
intelligence you know what you and I
individually can do but if we work
together we become a sort of a meta
intelligence which is the good parts of
both of us
the good parts of all of these
scientists the geniuses around the world
have not yet been combined and it's not
just additive I don't believe that this
is a case of you know one plus one is
two once once the geniuses are connected
you're going to get a sort of a
logarithmic you know exponential kind of
an increase in what we know that's
useful so I say this a lot and I've said
it a few times and you've you've seen it
to be true in some big cases we can't
tell the difference between being close
to you know everything going wrong and
being right on the edge of everything
starting to go right now the moment that
this turns and it will turn there's
going to be a point where the news says
one day hey it looks like it stopped
getting worse and that's going to be a
good day that's coming it's coming
guaranteed I will guarantee you that
that day is coming and once we get a
handle on it we are gonna beat this
freaking virus into the ground with with
an attitude with an attitude
alright I don't think any of us should
come out of this without a new skill
I'll just put that out there you know I
talked about with skill stacking all the
time but when in your life are you gonna
have another time where you're forced to
stay home for weeks and you're a little
bit bored is that ever gonna happen
again ever it will there ever be a time
when you could just say you know
nothing I can do I just I'm just gonna
stay home for number of weeks whatever
it is and I'm gonna be a little bit
bored if you don't command this with a
new skill you're doing it wrong you're
doing it wrong you should come out of
this stronger not weaker you want to
come out of this maybe with less income
it's gonna happen to a lot of us
certainly will happen to me
but I'll be okay and no matter where you
are income wise if you take a hit you
can come as a save for that in the long
run by adding the skill sign up for a
class learn something that's compatible
with what you already do that makes you
the the obvious person to get promoted
the obvious person to get a better job
somewhere else so you can you can sum or
compensate it's not a one-for-one but if
for many people it's more than one for
one for many people they'll be able to
add a skill something they always wanted
to do and when things go back to normal
which they will well you came back more
valuable so you can work on your net
worth by improving your skills so a lot
of people are going to do that
I certainly am sooo how about this do
any of you have a non complier in your
household do you have anybody in your
house who's too big to physically
control so it's a older kid or or you
know your uncle or your grandmother
lives there or anything do that if you
have somebody in your household who say
that they're not going to shelter in
place and they're just gonna go about
their business what do you do about that
you can't really kick about in the house
right so I'm I'm wondering if that's a
widespread problem or if everybody has
got things under control in their homes
anyway I'll just put that question out
there then I'll wait for the comments
come in all right so let me teach you a
relaxation technique
would you like that this is an actual
hypnosis slash you know technique so
it's not it's not exclusive to hypnosis
I'm not going to hypnotize you don't
worry I might do that later you know but
there will be a separate periscope this
is this is a way to relax yourself it
works every time
all right so what I'm gonna tell you
literally will work every time so you
don't have to worry well I don't know if
that would work for me now this just
works our everybody all the time it goes
like this you should turn off your
screens you know for multiple times
during the day I like to not turn off my
phone for more than an hour because I'm
paying attention to you know developing
developing news and you we need to know
what's happening in our community did
your school get closed as as the
restrictions changed and all that so I
don't like to be out of contact more
than an hour but I'm also a person who's
sort of in love in the front lines of
the of the fight against the virus for
the rest of you make sure you you to now
regularly during the day I mean you
might have to take an hour here than
another hour there then another hour
night but here's the technique for
relaxing some of you have heard of this
before you find a comfortable chair you
could do this in bed before you go to
sleep so you could do it as a meditation
just sitting in the chair
and by the way meditating is mostly just
sitting alone with your thoughts for a
long period and not falling asleep that
basically is meditation if you're trying
to think of nothing that's just the
dumbest thing anybody ever said about I
had a practice for something you can't
think of nothing so if you're the yogi
has accomplished thinking of nothing no
he hasn't
no he hasn't yes he is not he has not
accomplished that nobody can do that
so if you can just sit alone and try to
quiet your thoughts and if they drift to
let's say an unproductive place just
sort of pull it back but don't turn them
off
just just pushing back to something
harmless think about laying on the beach
think about something that doesn't take
any brainpower has no stress just think
about something pleasant think about
your pet think about something you like
and just sit there for an hour you will
be amazed now on day one maybe you're
not gonna get any amazing outcomes from
this but if you keep at it and you've
got a lot of time to keep at it
a lot of people will be meditating
experts you know in a month if you keep
at it and you know some would say it's
important to you know inhale through
your nose and take a deep breath and an
exhale through your your mouth but if
you just sit quietly with your you know
in a comfortable position for an hour
and try to quiet your thoughts you can
have a big big game and it will
intensify over time because you'll get
better at it and it'll become it will
become somewhat addictive there will be
a feeling a physical feeling when you're
done similar to let's say taking a long
walk and then being done you know
yesterday after took a walk I just sat
at the couch and man did it feel good
just just it just felt good to be done
exercising that yeah you can feel your
whole body just like glowing in
happiness that you're not walking
anymore because you're you're ready to
stop so that's meditation that's one way
to relax but here's another way that's
more active your body is picking up
tension and you're not you're not always
consciously aware of it it might be like
you know some of us get it in certain
places you might be aware of oh my back
is all honk up because of the tension
but you also hold it in the rest of your
body and it isn't as noticeable and
that's why this trick works and it goes
like this
you sit in a comfortable place so you
could be laying in bed and you're trying
to get to sleep
pick one muscle group let's say your
hand squeeze it and hold it squeeze it
and hold it and you hold it until it's
sort of tired its exhausted and it
doesn't want to hold it anymore so I'm
over squeezing my hand
and now it's starting to be
uncomfortable because I'm overusing my
muscles it actually hurts a little bit
now release it release it completely
then do it with your other hand same
thing
squeeze it hold it until you don't want
to do it anymore because it's getting a
little painful and it hurts
they release it and then you go through
the rest of your body for the muscles
that you you can tense so you can you
know if you can tense up their muscles
your feet I like to do hands and feet
first there's those oh my god don't
touch your hand I like to do hands first
but you can do it with your calf muscles
you can do with your thighs you can do
it with your your glutes you can do with
your chest muscles you can do it with
your abs just just move across your body
and one by one squeeze it and release it
by the time you do this the cycle you're
gonna feel great it works every time
works every time so you don't have to
wonder you know am i doing it right will
this work for me no you do those things
and you will be more relaxed and if you
do it everyday it gets easier so these
are real good techniques the other thing
I suggest is watching comedy and lots of
it go to youtube look for comedians you
like I was just watching Bill burr
yesterday you know if you get once you
find one you like YouTube will suggest
other ones I can listen to Bill burr
talk all day long almost everything he
says sounds funny yet Norm Macdonald
great choice one of the best stand-ups
of all time and somebody says you were
using your hypnosis technique let me
make a distinction hypnosis is generally
when a person is in the room and you're
working with them and you have a common
you know a common vision of where you
want to go oh you're working on a
specific thing etc so hypnosis isn't you
know in this specific sense is just two
people working together and you have to
be able to the hypnotist has to be able
to see the response in real time so as
you're do
the induction you're watching you're
watching the person's response and
you're looking for micro changes so
you're looking for changes in breathing
changes in muscle tone changes and even
you know blushing etc so you're looking
for very small changes and then you're
you're adapting your technique as you go
because you're seeing all that work
they'll do more of that
now that didn't seem to work I'll do
less than that so you can't do that in a
math setting but that said all of the
the knowledge and technique of hypnosis
does become just part of your
communication stack so if you say am i
using my hypnosis technique when I'm
talking to you the answer is always yes
but not with the intention of you know
putting you into a trance or anything
it's only the intention of I know what
is likely to be persuasive I know what
is likely not to be so I do things that
are persuasive
that's not exactly hypnosis that's just
communicating effectively do you use
self enosis I do yeah you know when I
took hypnosis class what was it
40 years ago now one of the things that
they have noticed this instructor did
was he hypnotized all of us to be able
to hypnotize ourselves so that we could
do self-hypnosis and put ourselves into
a into a deep relaxation so 40 years
later I can still do it and do it
instantly and it's just like the first
day now why does it last 40 years the
last four years because the hypnotist
created a simple Association and then I
reinforced it had I not reinforced it it
wouldn't it wouldn't have lasted and the
simple association was this we would
hear the hypnotist voice and he would
you know just go through a relaxation
routine and we would feel relaxed so we
associated to his voice which I can
still hear just like it's in the room we
associated his voice with our relaxation
most of life is just that associated to
things until the qualities of one thing
trigger or
FLE with the other thing if you thought
of hip-hip persuasion and hypnosis as
mostly that you'd be pretty close all
right if you're trying to change
somebody's mind or change somebody's
behavior it's usually about matching one
feeling to another and then chaining
them together until you've created a you
know sort of a faultless reflex in a
person because a lot of what we do is
thoughtless reflex and usually they're
bad ones well by the time you seek help
it's a bad one there could be good ones
so somebody says I don't understand how
anyone could be hypnotized the reason
you don't understand it is that you
don't understand what it is to be
hypnotized so let me explain that so in
a in let's say a setting with an actual
hypnotist somebody who's you know you're
paying money and you went to a hypnotist
in that setting hypnosis works on every
person who wants it to work so the key
is that you have to want it that you
can't there's no getting around that
right if if the subjects is sitting in
the chair saying watch me resist this I
can't be controlled I will defeat this
hypnotist with my willpower well then
they can guess what that's that's really
easy you know
ignoring the hypnotist is about the
easiest thing you could possibly do you
just just don't care don't pay attention
don't play along there's no risk of
being hypnotized it's easy a signal
likewise you could be in a deep hypnotic
they call it a trance I'm not sure you
can define what a trance is but you know
just somebody's sitting quietly and and
they're they're sort of in sync with the
hypnotist so you call that a trance but
it's hard to define what a trance is
that person at any point can just say oh
I'm late for something and just get up
and walk out they can yeah there's
nothing that stops you so if you're
saying I don't know how I could be
hypnotized because I can I would never
do something that I didn't want to do
that's how most people think of hypnosis
there's nothing like that there's no
point at which a hypnosis session would
involve being involve you'd be doing
something you didn't want to do nobody
would do that you only do things you
want to do and and if you want to do it
you're going to be open to associating
it with something else
so back to my example of self and self
hypnosis what I do self hypnosis I can
count from 1 to 20 but I don't count it
in my own voice sorry I count from 1 to
20 but in the voice of the hypnotist who
I assume has been dead for decades but I
can still hear it and the Association
triggers me into relaxation it's in
these it's basically instant so if you
want to use self-hypnosis think of it
this way self-hypnosis is nothing but
associating two different things so here
here would be self-hypnosis somebody
says you sick bro now I had just so he
said that can you know congestion if I
if I'm talking too much so I don't have
a sore throat I don't have any don't
have any I don't have any almost
symptoms at all actually I'm feeling
amazing because I'm doing all kinds of
exercise and eating right getting a lot
of sleep honestly I've never felt better
that's not a joke in terms of my
physical health and vitality I've never
felt better
I've been I'm in really good shape right
now and I hope the rest of you were or
taking this seriously as well you know
my goal quite simply is you know I'm
gonna try to delay being exposed to it
but if it happens or when it happens I
want to make sure I'm not one of the
people who needs a hospital bed so you
know my my willingness to stay as
healthy as I can is partly for myself
well a lot for myself of course but
there's a there's a social element to
this you know so if I can if I can stay
healthy enough in a way from the virus
so that I don't take up any medical
resources I'm gonna feel pretty good
about myself
honestly I'm gonna feel like I went
through the virus war and
I did my part and you know it was hard
but but I made it work for my little
corner of the world and I hope the rest
of you are doing the same all right I
know the SIP nosis topic is the fund so
I'm gonna talk about it some more
because it just gets your mind off of
stuff right so back to my point
self-hypnosis if you simply think about
it as setting up associations you can
already do it it really is that easy so
for example let's say you set up a
little area somewhere in your house
where there was a place you can
comfortably sit and maybe it's not the
place you set for other things very
important remember self-hypnosis is
about associating two things if you pick
a place in your house your house they
use for other stuff such as your bad
don't do it there because bad is other
stuff don't do it in that chair that you
always read because that's your reading
chair don't do it in your chair or where
you do work that's your work chair find
the chair that hasn't been used for
anything it's a place you just don't set
get a new chair put a pillow on the
floor find a place that has no prior
association you want to find a place
with no prior association do you know
why it works so well when you go to a
hypnotist office and sit in the
hypnotist chair one of the reasons that
works better than anything you could do
in your own environment is that you've
never been in that chair before and
you're entering an environment that's
fresh
so whatever associations are formed once
you enter the hypnotist office are
formed consciously by the hypnotist and
it happens from the moment you walk in
and shake hands back in the old days or
in today's world hi
I'm over here but from the moment you
walk in the hypnotist is starting the
hypnosis now and the hypnotist will tell
you this you know a methyl hypnotist
will tell you that the conversation from
hello is part of the process now the
first part of the process where you're
just talking and you think you're having
a conversation you're just talking about
what's going to happen next you think
that's not the hypnosis
but it's part of the process and that
process is building credibility and
making you relax and making you
understand what's happening and building
an expectation that it's going to happen
so the first part is entirely about
building the expectation in your mind
that this will work and it's going to
happen in a minute if you don't believe
it's going to work before you you're not
in the right frame of mind so the
hypnotist will often you know dress well
and maybe have a suit and and we're
actually taught this you know put it put
a degree on the wall so you're creating
an environment where the person walks in
and they're already primed because
they've decided they want this before
they walk in the door once they walk in
this is not about the wanting anymore
this is about the belief so it starts
with wanting to be part of the process
you can't avoid that you know this is
only for willing people secondly they
walk into the hypnotist office and now
they're being primed you're just having
a conversation the hypnotist is saying
you know in a moment I'll ask you to
relax this is what will happen this is
what you'll feel this is what to expect
I do this all the time you're my
millionth person
yeah it'll totally work with you I'm an
expert on this and your mind by this
point remember you wanted this you're so
primed and the priming is a really big
part of the process if you haven't
primed people right it doesn't work you
know or it doesn't work as well so
that's the first thing alright so back
to you back to you you found a place in
your house that isn't used for anything
else
now you've recreated in a small way what
the hypnotists office does a fresh
environment all right has no
associations so you've got your little
fresh environment to your chair your
seat to your pillow with the place that
you're only going to do this and then
you say this is my meditation place Oh
what did I do there did I just conflate
meditation with hypnosis and
self-hypnosis yes I did because they're
not that different the goal of just
meditating is being able to quickly put
yourself in a relay
state the goal of self-hypnosis usually
is to do the same and they look almost
the same so all you got to do is find
your little place do your little tricks
of squeezing your muscles if you have to
do to the first time eventually then let
me let me explain this so you can really
see how this works this is just a
perfect example on day one you sit in
your fresh little environment with no
prior associations and you you can't
relax you're tense you're thinking about
life do the muscle thing one most little
time when the muscle M works every time
you don't have to wonder if it'll work
it'll work then do that every day for a
week what happens on the eighth day you
go to your little special place and you
sit down and suddenly you don't have to
do the muscle squeezing because the
association of you sitting on the pillow
and being super relaxed now has formed
an association in your mind if you do it
enough and it doesn't take long a week
we could be fine
and it gets stronger as you go so now
you can disband the the muscle squeezing
because as soon as you sit there you
just say huh I'm in my place boom right
into it and you've got an hour of
serious pleasure now I hate to do this
well maybe I won't I'm gonna save that
I'm gonna save that I might bring on a
special guest in the future to give you
a little more tips on meditation
somebody that I've been I've been
reading and listening to people talk
about meditation for forever basically
and they're all really bad at explaining
things and what I mean is when people
say we don't have you admitted having
meditate they say things like well clear
your mind and use this mantra and
whatever and I always say to myself I
don't really get that you know can you
explain it better maybe it's the way
you're explaining it is there something
a mess
saying it feels like incomplete but yes
somebody already guessed in the in the
comments yeah so neva rava
I was just talking to the other day and
he explained to me meditation in a way
that's at least a little bit close to
the way I explained it in a way I've
never heard before
yeah but he can do a better job of
completing this picture so maybe someday
we'll we'll ask him to do that and if
he's done it independently maybe I can
find it so somebody says it's the
disconnecting your body from your mind
yeah but you know the best way to
disconnect your body from your mind if
you're not good at it already is that
that muscle squeezing trick it will work
every time somebody said I was listening
the other day to dr. Drew and I think
either is your voice that is soothing
well let me teach you something about
voice why not uh you know I'm gonna make
it my mission that at least the people
who watch my periscopes are gonna leave
this crisis smarter like a lot smarter
maybe healthier too and why not we can
might as well what was some of what I
was going to talk about there uh wasn't
hypnosis voice that's it so if you watch
there's a movie called network is that
what it's called an old movie about TV
news people and one of the characters
was giving a tip to somebody it was less
good at being on air on the news and
there's a tip I'd never heard before and
when I heard it I thought well that must
be just maybe that's just a movie thing
that's not something that a real
newscaster does right I thought that
can't be a thing and here's a here was
that what the character I think was
William Hurt said in the movie he was
explaining how to read the news he said
you should
you should randomly emphasize words and
I thought well that doesn't make sense
doesn't does it make sense than if
you're reading off the teleprompter that
you would just on your own you would
just randomly emphasize a word doesn't
it make more sense that you would
emphasize the important words right I
mean common sense and then then you
watch him do it
and he's clearly just emphasizing random
words and you watch it and you go then
why does that sound right what is that
sound right so what you're hearing in my
vocal presentation is that technique
it's a technique I learned from that
movie but didn't believe it you know it
took me years before I figured out
that's that's a real technique that
that's the thing and watch me do it
right now
so you're actually watching it happen in
real time so you know but watch watch
the pace and the the variation that you
can tell I'm putting into it now that
the change in tone helps a little bit so
sometimes I'm down here sometimes I'm up
here and I make sure that I vary it so
that the varying of the tone is both
intentional and it's technique but even
more than that is the spacing of words
watch watch these two examples I'll just
read something off of my page randomly
oh I'm gonna read my own tweet I forgot
I was going to talk about this and it's
about the fact do you remember do you
remember early on I told you when there
was a story about the White House Office
pandemic the pandemic office got closed
and so President Trump was getting heat
because he closed the so-called pandemic
office before the pandemic and everybody
said well that sounds bad if you have a
pandemic office and you closed it before
the pandemic and then you need it well
that's pretty bad and the person who ran
that office complained and said yeah
he closed my department sure wish that
apart that a department was here what
did I tell you on day one with no
knowledge except experience I would
guess that all of you who have a lot of
corporate experience were onto this from
the start
any time you consolidate department
departments and get rid of the fat what
happens to the fat does the fat meaning
the people that you got rid of because
they weren't pulling their weight do
those people go off and say well good
job their boss you've got rid of the fat
too bad I'm the fat but you know you did
a good job because you got rid of me
because I was the fat has anybody in the
entire world ever done that no no the
person who is the fat complains that it
was all done wrong and it's a big
mistake and they don't know how valuable
you are and man are they going to pay
for it when the pandemic comes that's
what the fat says so I was waiting for
the news to correct this and sure enough
the Washington Post ran an article by
the guy who made the decision remember I
told you you have to find out why they
did it because if he haven't heard the
the context of Hawaii was closed he
don't really know anything and my
assumption at the time was that they
didn't close it and get rid of the
function but rather at base of
experience in the corporate world it
probably was folded into some other
group for a perfectly good reason and so
finally the guy who made the decision
the the actual one person who said yeah
that was me I did that I got rid of that
office by combining it into the other
and he explained why he did it and then
you say oh it was duplicate it was
duplicate he got rid of duplication now
did get rid of duplication did get him
get a duplication change anything
probably made it better but it certainly
didn't make it worse anyway so I'm gonna
read my tweet to talk about this
this vocal process yeah and I'm going to
show you that that I'm randomly
accentuating words but I also this is a
technique I added myself I sometimes
randomly add a space because if you're
listening to somebody talk in there at a
certain pace bah bah bah bah bah bah bah
and they pause your focus goes right to
it
so if somebody goes mom my mom my mom my
mom I'm not your brain just a clemmy's
do it and you're like oh there's this
background buzz bum bum bum bum I'm
trying to follow along I think I got
most of that sentence I'm um I'm so
bored I'm thinking about other things
I'm half listening bum bum bum bum so
the more the more the same your speeches
the less people pay attention what is
the number one rule of persuasion
anybody anybody attention the number one
rule of persuasion is attention see what
I just did there do you see how I left a
little gap and you already even knew
what I was going to say right you knew
what I was going to say because I said
it twice in a row the second time I said
it I put it in a pause and I made you
stop and pay attention and it worked
alright now you were paying attention
anyway but you could probably feel it as
soon as I stopped my sentence in the
middle and there was an unexpected pause
what did you do you paid more attention
that's why I do it so here I'll just
read read a tweet I wrote and I said as
I told you on day one based on
experience alone know the White House
didn't dissolve its pandemic response
office I was there
the the Iowas air was the guy who wrote
the article not me now you see what I
did now if you said to yourself yeah but
I wouldn't have known you know where to
put the pause doesn't matter that's the
beauty of it you can kind of put it
every day anywhere it's only to make
people pay attention it's not to make
them pay attention
Sara Lee to the next word now in the
best in the best form you're making them
pay attention for the next word but you
don't need to you can just use it to
make them pay attention in general so
when I say so uh let's say I wanted you
to understand the that is based on
experience alone because that's kind of
a fun part of the sentence that I made a
prediction with no data whatsoever
based on experience alone I did it in
public and and the most unexpected thing
I would think if you're watching if
you're watching this wasn't it a little
bit unexpected that I nailed that so
hard I mean admit it who else did
anybody else was there anybody else in
the entire freaking country who said in
public anyway some of you probably were
onto it early but in public did anybody
else say nope fake news probably got
folded into another department because
of redundancy basically I said that ah
oh somebody just reminded me of
something I definitely desperately
wanted to talk about and I kept
forgetting so thank you so somebody was
saying just said the word ego somebody
contacted me privately after periscope
somebody who was new to the periscope
and saw me bragging about a prediction
and they said you know I like your work
but it's it just really turned me off
when I saw you bragging about your
success predicting some things like
didn't like the bragging you know the
ego stuff now and I explained to him
that he's lacking context if you've been
watching the periscopes you know that
the purpose of me telling you bragging
if you will and I'm doing it
intentionally is to reinforce that I
have a certain filter on the world that
I believe can be validated by being
better at predicting than other people
so should I not tell you that because
that would be sort of egotistical
wouldn't it well one of the lessons that
I've taught you and I think maybe the
most important thing you'll ever teach
you you
to remove your ego from the situation if
you want to be effective your ego is
your enemy and it's your obstacle it's
not your friend it's not who you are
your ego is a problem you should treat
it that way now it can be a tool if you
convert it from a problem to a tool but
you have to work at it in this case in
order for me to to let the audience
understand that I'm making predictions
and I'm really reinforcing them when I
get them right but I'm also really
reinforcing them when I get them wrong I
think I think everybody would admit that
right you've seen me make predictions
that were wrong I say it's wrong I'll
tell you a billion times I'll tell you
why I thought it was wrong etc so we're
trying to process we're doing it in
public it requires me to make a public
prediction and then reinforce how
awesome it was that I got it right it
has nothing to do with how I feel about
myself I know that this is bothersome
and annoying to some types of
personalities and it's probably it's
probably interfering with your own ego
if if I could put a guess on it what's
happening if you could remove your ego
from it then you would be okay with me
doing what I'm doing knowing that I'm
embarrassing myself in a sense
intentionally because whether my whether
I'm bragging about my successes or I
guess something wrong both of those are
reasons to be embarrassed right both of
those are reasons for it and indeed I
get criticisms for both so I'm telling
you in advance I'm not going to feel bad
when I get one wrong I just don't feel
shame that way and I'm not going to be
shamed into not crowing when I get it
right
and I'll say crowing because at the
internally I don't feel like I'm
bragging I feel like this is a necessary
piece of information to know one is
right when and when it's wrong take this
emergency situation for example those of
you who have watched me be right about
who is going to be the president those
of you who watched me be right about
talks with North Korea at least common
things down we still think there was a
long way to go there those of you watch
me write that we were not going to a
kinetic war with Iran back back then
those of you who watched me being right
in the weirdest most unexplained way I
might be right about Camilla Harris
although that one's probably more of a
50/50 situation but the fact that she's
being you know she's in the top two
conversation top three maybe
conversation for being vice president to
somebody who would not be so much in
control we presume it's kind of a weird
prediction to get that one at least as
close as it is even technically wrong so
if you watched me do those things in
public and then tell you ahead of time I
was doing them why I was doing what the
thinking is what the filter is and then
watching it materialize if you've gone
through that cycle enough times then
when I tell you that the stock market is
coming back that we will recover and
that it will be fast when the recover
starts and that you're gonna be fine and
that you're not gonna run out of food do
you believe me well it's that crowing
and it's the bragging that keeps the
pattern in your head that says oh yeah
he got he got some pretty unlikely
things right and the things that were
easy you got most of them right - now
that doesn't mean I'm gonna be right all
the time and I would make no claim to
being magic at all I have no magic
powers so you can watch and you can
judge for yourself and I guarantee that
every time I'm right about anything I'm
going to crow about it because it's part
of the process it's important it's
important for you I wouldn't do it if it
were just for me it doesn't buy me
anything to do that alright I got a
recommendation for you and it's along
these exact same lines if you follow me
and you're not following Mike's erna
 I don't know why because certainly
there might have been a time when you
said oh you know I'm not getting enough
value out of that or you know his
personality he doesn't doesn't fit with
me so I don't like
see him and he's bragging about his
accomplishments and stuff like that but
man is he right a lot including
including the earliest warnings on this
this virus he is right a lot and he has
deserved you know he is earned he has
earned let's say not deserves I don't
like that word but he has earned
people's attention so if you're not
watching his take on stuff and they're
really different and they're they tend
to be way early and way more insightful
than other people's opinions if you're
not following him you really you're
hurting yourself I think he's he's shown
that he's the real deal all right
that's about all I got
I'll try to come back this afternoon and
I've got another podcast I'll be doing
later today that's recorded though and I
will I'll talk to you all later thanks