good everybody
pom pom pom pom hey how's it going
everybody I'm a little bit behind got
lost in the time so I'm gonna print out
my notes here and enjoy the simultaneous
lip with you because that's why you're
here that's why you're here it is and I
know that your day will be better if you
enjoyed the simultaneous sip and all you
need there's a copper Becker glass of
tanker gel is your sign a canteen Joker
flask a vessel of any kind to fill it
with your favorite liquid I like coffee
and join me now for the unparalleled
pleasure of the dopamine the end of the
day the thing that makes everything
including the pandemic better it's
called the simultaneous if it happens
now go mmm
stay right there I'm gonna grab my notes
although yeah I know it looks like I
I've never prepared and the reason for
that is well I'm never prepared all
right we'll go to the white board in a
minute but let's talk about some things
some things that are happening I I'm
taking it as my personal mission to
remove loser think wherever I see it and
loser think - meaning unproductive
thinking it doesn't mean the person
saying it is a loser it's just about the
thinking style and in this crisis those
faulty thinking styles could actually
get us killed literally a little bit of
bad thinking by the public could kill
millions of people literally and that's
not a that's not even a little bit of
hyperbole let me give you an example
online I continue to see people say hey
that sliding flu
killed half a million people we didn't
close down the entire world economy over
that so why would we close down things
for something that's only killed a few
thousand when the entire swine flu only
killed a half a million and we didn't
close things for that so how does it
make sense
how do those numbers make sense why are
we overreacting now say people to which
I say did you know that the atomic bomb
doesn't kill people did you know that
and I can prove it because the first
week that the atomic bomb was built zero
deaths well that's the end of the
analysis right the first week that the
atomic the very first atomic bomb was
built nobody died so that that proves
that atomic bombs don't kill people
right oh wait no that's crazy because
you know the bomb was going to be
exploded over people and later a lot of
people would die but you got to count
that don't ya because I'm watching
people say that the corona virus has
killed this you know relatively small
number of people compared to the
population of Earth in its infancy
because people are pretty sure that this
is closer to the beginning than the end
but this line of swine flu is already
over and we knew about it that it had a
different viral signature if you will
and scientists apparently knew that you
could stop it because it wasn't as viral
etc this one is way more viral and
scientists don't believe it's going to
be as easy to stop so we took different
measures humanity and science both did
but don't make the mistake of comparing
the new thing that just started with the
thing that we have full visibility about
which had a completely different nature
in terms of its virality and it's lethal
so I I keep seeing people doing this and
this sort of dovetails into the there's
an article a lot of you asked me about a
lot of you forwarded to me and I think I
was smart enough not to tweet it I hope
I was you might true might prove me
wrong because I've been I've been
retweeting with a little less filter
than I normally would because I'm just
trying to curate knowledge and I might
get some wrong but I think I held back
and it looks like some of the platforms
are deep platforming that article it was
a medium by a guy named Aaron Ginn GI NN
and if I understand it correctly he was
like a a marketing guy who understood
marketing virality and then sort of
backwards used those skills to be an
epidemic epidemiologist it doesn't
really work that skill doesn't exactly
translate and it was more of a don't be
hysterical this isn't so bad kind of an
article but apparently the experts shot
somebody holes in it that it was
actually deep platformed and I if I
recall I think he got torn down before I
could remind myself what it said but I
think it was doing the same thing I
think it was doing the analysis of the
automobile is perfectly safe how do we
know it's easy because the week that the
Model T was invented no one died no one
no one died in fact the entire first
year of the automobile you know maybe
only one person died it may be they were
gonna die anyway right so the automobile
will never kill you because the first
week in Him didn't really kill many
people so that's the analysis we're
getting from people who are trying to
inform our decisions and our policies if
you see anybody comparing the front of
something to the end of something run
away now here's my problem with this
I'm not seeing this being done by only
dumb people I'm seeing this being done
by people I can judge to be very smart
so I don't know what's going on and I
can't tell why they're doing it the you
know the people who have not been
exposed to good thinking styles there's
no surprise that they don't know what to
compare now that's widespread but people
who do know how to compare things are
also doing this and I don't know what's
going on
I can't tell what's behind that I mean
I'm actually puzzled I don't even have a
good hypothesis for why a smart person
would compare the beginning of something
to the end of a completely different
thing I just don't get it
so somebody does please explain it to me
on Twitter or something all right
yesterday I said if the press doesn't
inform us today which was yesterday
about the supply situation for the
medical supplies in particular we'd have
to conclude that the press is broken
because it's sort of our most important
question right is there anything that is
more vital to understanding you know
where we're at where we're at and where
we could get to then having a real clear
picture of the supply situation you know
as it's coming in because it's a moving
picture right so you'd have to capture
the the fluid nature of it and the fact
that it might be small but growing and
how do you communicate that if you
watched the press conference yesterday
and I know a lot of you did the
president and his task force you could
see there was a major communication
problem and I'm not going to say it's
the fault of the people who were on the
stage the task force because they're
they're not really they're not graphic
artists and you sorted needed somebody
who is a graphic artist and a data
visualizer to tell the story because
it's a little bit complicated but it's
vital so here's what doesn't work so
here's me you you I'm on stage and you
ask me Scott you know you're at the end
of the task
what's the situation with the supply of
masks you know just just one supply well
just keep it simple
what's the supply so here's how not to
answer that question
well we're hearing from lots of people
we've got you know 5 million mass
ordered and we got you know 6 million on
the way and people are you know building
factories and we're working with the
public do you know what that told me
nothing nothing there's no information
there a raw number of masks is
completely meaningless to the audience I
saw an let me give you a sense of this I
saw a letter from a doctor some-some
doctor was associated with the big
Hospital and I think it was somebody
involved with administration so they
knew they knew the whole workings of the
hospital and I saw a number of how many
masks and gowns and and protective stuff
that they wear if you didn't know it
they'd have to throw that stuff away
after every use every patient so a
hospital could go through something like
40,000 masks and like a day or two so
the number the the size of the need is
so enormous that you know our normal
common sense brains when we think of a
hospital if I picture a hospital you
know okay I'm picturing a big Hospital
how many people in that would be the
medical people who need masks I know a
thousand so then my dumb medical
non-medical brain goes ok maybe 2,000
masks so you got a backup would give you
all the masks you need for a hospital
nope nope the number of s you need for
just one Hospital is probably in the
hundreds of thousands for just this
little period of time now I'm playing
loose with the numbers so I'm just
trying to give you a a sizing you know
if you come back to me and say hey Scott
Scott it's not hundreds of thousands it
might be 80,000 for a hospital ok ok
it's sort of the same point that it's
their gigantic numbers for just one
hospital so when your pros are standing
on stage and
say yeah we got 10 million mess coming
I say how long is that gonna take how
many hospitals is a service how many
hospitals do we have so you see how
immediately becomes complicated and the
story can't be transmitted from whatever
they know to whatever we the public
would like to know so I would like to
offer the way past that this is just one
suggestion and it's way to visualize
data so it's a data visualization there
I'm not using any real data here these
are just you know formats so you can see
so I as a public would like to see the
information this way and and this is
very important this next point it
doesn't matter if it's accurate now if
you've ever worked with data and
explaining things to management and that
sort of thing and that used to mean by
job for years I was sort of a finance
guy and I would put together PowerPoint
slides like this and explain where the
budget was going and you know where our
investment in technology was heading and
was a least better than a purchase nesaf
so it was my job to take a complicated
situation and try to figure out the the
easiest way you could put it on one page
so that an executive who didn't know all
the details because sit still get the
lay of the land now getting back to my
point it doesn't matter if it's accurate
it doesn't matter if it's accurate it
doesn't matter what we the public need
to know is that the people in charge
have a handle on this and that in a
general sense are we looking at next
week before we get stuff are we looking
at three weeks now if they tell you it's
three weeks and it turns out to be five
weeks it's wrong but at least you're in
the you're in the ballpark you know
you're giving me some sense you've got
some control and by three weeks of now I
would have expected you you would adjust
into your numbers every day as things
come and so that three weeks so now when
I find out it was really five weeks I'm
not surprised because you've been
adjusting it the whole time
all right so here's how I do it I would
take each item let's say pills or
ventilators or masks and I would say
what's the peak number that you need to
get through what you imagine will be you
know the worst part of the crisis now
why you imagine as the peak will also
change every day so every day you can
adjust this up or down but just tell us
keep it simple
the next three weeks which are the
critical ones tell us how many of of
each of this item we have now tell us
what that's going to look like in one
week two weeks and then three now these
are just examples sizes but I would
imagine that the first week you can't
get your production up that fast but
maybe by the second week you're really
cooking and then by the third week maybe
you're just topping it off so it looked
something roughly like this now if you
show me this by category do you feel
more comfortable that you were that your
leaders can understand the data and they
have some sense of how to communicate it
in a way that you you'll get now again
if they give you this number and they
change it tomorrow
I still have confidence in them because
I'm watching the entire chain of oh we
learned something we adjusted in our
numbers now we're showing it to you and
I would feel that change in sort of
real-time because they do the yeah
they're doing updates every day so as
long as they were honest with us and
they said look we've got a lot of balls
in the air I can't really tell you what
that looks like but you know I'm an
expert I've been talking to a lot of
people I'm gonna put a number on it
because the the public needs a number I
think it's I think it's 3 million by
next week turns out it was 5 million are
you less happy are you unhappy because
your expert gets 3 million but you got 5
million oh no you're happier if you
guess I guess it's 3 million but it's a
2 billion well you got some questions
they asked and then you you want to look
at the next week's number but anyway the
point is data visualization is a
specific skill it is unlikely that
anybody on the stage has that kind of
talent set it's a weird talent
but the government needs to get that
person so guess somebody on the team who
could make a fricken slide that will
show the public what we're talking about
and again it doesn't have to be that
accurate just give us a sense is this a
one-week problem or is this a
three-month problem to get enough mass I
have no idea I don't have no idea but
I'd like to alright enough about that by
the way this is just one more example of
a remarkable phenomenon you're seeing
everywhere and you know what everybody
is saying you know will never be the
same after this people are saying you
know life will never be the same well I
think it'll be mostly the same in terms
of the material you know stuff of life
and going back to work I do believe that
we'll go back to something that's pretty
close to normal
same way we did after 9/11 you could
argue that 9/11 changed everything but
the fact is if you weren't waiting in
line at the airport
it looked about the same you know a few
years later life looked kind of similar
you just waited longer at the airport
for the most part and I think that's
where we're headed with this things will
be largely the same but one thing that
won't ever be the same will be that the
people who lived through this have an
experience and that experience becomes
part of you so we're all being rewired
by the experience to the extent that
were you know old enough to really know
what's going on and I don't think that's
bad if you notice today did you notice
that
al Sharpton tweeted that he he had I
guess he had said in public that the
president needs to do something about
the homeless and people in prison
because they're especially at risk of
the spread of the disease and Al
Sharpton tweeted that I guess to his
surprise the president called him and
had a long conversation about those
concerns and Al Sharpton tweeted out and
he said if the president can you know
call a twit
call a critic like
al sharpton and work with them then the
rest of you can - it's a big deal it's a
big deal so al Sharpton you know who is
a bigger critic of President Trump that
mellerup him but today ala Sharpton and
and President Trump are the same person
today today you're the same person as I
am you know our differences of just
melted away you know we even when you
see you're still seeing people talk
about politics right you're seeing
people talk about politics and you know
a president should have done this yeah
you know and I do it too but doesn't it
feel hollow I don't the conversations
about you know politics just they just
feel empty you know they they have a
little bit of entertainment value but
they're just empty calories right now
because you and I and Al Sharpton and
and representative to leave who I'm
going to mention in a moment are all the
same team at the moment now anybody who
doesn't live through this will not have
experience to this and I have to say as
tragic as it says I certainly wouldn't
hope for any kind of a crisis like this
ever but you can't deny that this is
doing something to us I mean it's almost
like we're gonna evolve differently or
something I mean it's that to me anyway
it's that critical to the way we think
now it's possible we just snap back to
politics as usual you know the day we
feel like we're past it but we will
always have this we will always have
this there will never be a day let me
put it this way if al Sharpton goes back
to being you know old al Sharpton and
he's just you know we're passing the
crisis and he just goes back to politics
as usual I'm still gonna love al
Sharpton I'm still gonna love al
Sharpton because of this because of this
day because he can't take that away that
actually happened and that's who he is
so you're learning you know you're
learning who al Sharpton is at the same
time you're learning who the president
is at the same time you're learning
who you are so I will never think of him
the same you know I'll still disagree
with his policies but I'll never think
of him the same so because at the moment
al Sharpton is me there's no difference
speaking of dogs and cats laying down
together so I tweeted yesterday I got I
don't think I've ever had less or fewer
I don't think I've ever had fewer
retweets for a tweet I tweeted a
suggestion from representative too late
who you know probably most of you know
I've been critical of her she's pretty
critical of the president you know I not
a big fan of her politics goes without
saying but she had an idea and I don't
know if it's great idea or if it's not a
great idea but I liked it enough that in
the spirit of the crisis I tweeted it
out and the idea was this that since
we're looking at it looks like there
there definitely will be some kind of
cash transfer to people who need to pay
their bills so given that it looks like
that's going to happen the question is
how best to do it and I'd sent around
the idea that we should just send out
money to people and then rich people can
have it clawed back on their taxes you
know because the government wouldn't
know I gave it to you and then it would
send you your taxes and say we know you
got it so give it back
you know when it's tax time but only for
the rich people who didn't deserve it
and that would just be a sort of a clean
and easy way to get some money out there
without the bureaucracy now a represent
played had an idea that is in that that
field which is instead of checks sending
out a debit card and here's the
advantage of the debit card while a few
advantages one is that if you've got a
debit card and you're going to the store
I think it would reduce the number of
things you touch you know you wouldn't
be handing it to a human you'd be
putting it in the machine you know if
you if you use a glove or something to
push your buttons you know you got that
going for you so that's better than a
check probably and having to go to a
store or you know not everybody has a
phone they can deposit
but the other advantage it and I thought
this was a big one is that if you need
to do a second round they already have
the card and they just fill the card so
the card would be you know prepaid like
debit card once you've spent it if the
crisis is not over the government could
just say push a button refill the cards
and you don't have to wait for your
check it's just already there now there
might be some downsides of that and
that's really not the point of what I'm
saying so I put it out there so people
can wrestle with it I don't know if it's
a good idea or a bad idea there might be
some there might be a hidden downside
that's not obvious to me but here's the
point under any normal situation I'm not
going to be seeing an idea from
representative Slade that I say Wow
looks like a pretty good idea I'm gonna
forward this because today you know I am
al Sharpton I am you I am representative
Slade I am president Trump and we are
fighting this virus and at the moment
we're all on the same side this may
never happen again
you know maybe in my lifetime could
happen of your lifetime but I don't know
I'll ever live through this again where
absolutely everybody is on the same team
period that's it I hate it when people
say period but sometimes it slips out
all right
and by the way the the same graph that I
was using for medical supplies wouldn't
you like to see that for toilet paper
you know you would right is it do you
feel it's weird because when you're your
the task force and you're managing a
crisis you're probably not worried about
the toilet paper supply right right you
know you don't think that's the top
priority is like well save the toilet
paper you know all people on deck you
know let the hospital's fend for
themselves but we've got to solve this
toilet paper problem you're not there
now thinking that but I would like to
suggest that although the task force
probably shouldn't be doing anything
about toilet paper
meaning the private industry is
doing everything that needs to be done I
would imagine that you know the people
who make this stuff are cranking it down
chipping it and it's just being absorbed
quickly but fairly soon we'll get to the
point where the hoarders have done their
thing and and then we stopped hoarding
but wouldn't you like to know is that
next week
or is it in three weeks because I don't
know about you but some people are
starting to count their rolls if you
know what I mean
now why do I even bring this up in the
middle of an emergency isn't it the the
least important thing nope no it is not
the least important thing certainly
people can figure out their workarounds
and you know inconvenience etc but
psychologically this toilet paper thing
has a much larger hold on our
imagination than common sense as it
should because we're not biologists
we're not medical people we just need
our toilet paper we're citizens and if
you tell me that I can't get another
roll for I don't give me a number if you
tell me I can't have a roll for a week a
new roll I'll say okay week I think
things are under control you know if I
could have if I can get there was on the
store shelf in the week I'm not even
gonna think it was ever a problem but if
you tell me it's three weeks
I gotta start rationing you don't
because you're you all hoarded but you
know some of us might need to start
rationing a little bit and then I'm
gonna start thinking about it and then
it's gonna be in my head and then
somebody's gonna send me a picture of an
empty shelf and I'm gonna think it's the
whole store it's not it's just the
toilet paper shelf how many of you've
seen the the so-called empty shells
pictures well they take a picture of the
toilet paper shelf that's empty and then
they go to the cleaning supplies and
maybe the rice and those are empty and
then you think my god we're gonna run
out of food when the rest of the store
has you know broccoli and pretty much
everything you want
so message to the task force
you don't need to be working on toilet
paper I private industries got that you
know you know we don't need any
presidential decrees on toilet paper but
just tell us the timing you kind of need
to do that for our for our mental health
it's a mental health question when do
you think the toilet paper will be back
on the shelves even more than the rice
because probably most of you have not
dipped into your your rice supply you
know your your beans or whatever you got
your cans and whatever you probably
haven't dipped into those because
there's still food in the stores but
I'll bet you dipped into your toilet
paper supply didn't you but you did but
that supply a little down so
directionally your government should
tell you that even though on the surface
you'd think it would be the least
important thing it just has a big hold
on our brain so let's let's do something
about that i oh here's some more good
news Elon Musk as well as Tim Cook for
Apple they're making ventilators so it
was confirmed the Elon Musk is not just
tweeting and talking about ventilators
they're making ventilators and apples
make him - and quite a few now I don't
know how many we need but they're
cranking amount other people are
cranking him out you've seen
do-it-yourself you know directions for
making your own ventilator with I don't
party founder you find so you know the
opposite of the toilet paper story where
there was this you know a trivial thing
they had a big hold on my psychology
this is the the positive the other side
of that which is when you hear that Elon
Musk is making ventilators don't you
just feel better
seriously well if the you know arguably
between Tim Cook and Elon Musk you have
the two most capable manufacturers of
physical items in the at the country in
the world I don't know I mean don't you
feel better
knowing that they're fully engaged in
this I sure do
but it does it does raise one question
which I'm seeing over and over again you
know I I should tell you I've I have two
lives that are sort of operating
simultaneously during this crisis
there's the public part that you see and
all that all the stuff I tell you but
the moment I get off I get off of this
periscope I'm gonna be working for hours
curating questions and you know can you
connect me with this person and answer
this question and you know can you
introduce me I've got a I've got a thing
so there's a whole bunch of stuff that's
that's operating below the the public
visibility and it's a lot let me tell
you it's a full-time job I the suicide
turn this off it's all I'm gonna be
doing until the next time you see me on
periscope
and I'm probably gonna you know fall
asleep in my bed tonight like last night
you know connecting people and tweeting
and stuff so there's a lot going on but
one of the trends which I find alarming
but fixable is that when people are
saying you know I have a source for this
or that supply if if it has to be built
or manufactured the source is always in
another country I have not yet
identified an actual American company
that's stepping up to manufacture there
are a lot of American companies that
have connections overseas or they their
factories overseas so they're American
companies we're using foreign assembly
and manufacturing but it does seem as if
this country doesn't know how to make
things we know how to engineer we'd had
to order things we got good lawyers we
got good insurance but if you need
somebody to slap together a factory and
start assembling parts it looks like we
kinda don't know how to do that anymore
so we're gonna have to look at that and
I'm sure that at this point the supply
chain is coming home so we'll see that
happen let's talk about Joe Biden
because we have to
I'm watching other people so it's not
just me you know other other smart
people are saying where is Joe Biden
where is Joe Biden and here's my problem
you know I think the president Trump
will coast to re-election unless we are
surprised unless there's something new
that comes up I think you'll coast to
re-election even even with the crisis
even with everything else because you
get it you know we're hearing enough of
these el Sharpton stories we're hearing
you know Governor Cuomo governor Newsom
saying that the president's doing the
right stuff and we're going to watch
some progress I think the the crisis
will turn into a positive for the
president because he's a strong leader
and you want a strong leader when you're
in a war and I don't think people want
to like you know get out of the canoe
and change canoes in the middle of a war
right so my estimation is that while the
the crisis can work you know both ways
people will find something to complain
about you should have done it this way
but I think the public is going to say
you know you made some tough decisions
closing the airports and stuff and it
was all hands on deck you didn't you
didn't hold back anything once once he
was engaged I think he's gonna get he's
gonna get you know a push from that's a
bonus so unless it gets a lot worse and
there's some way you can tie it to the
government's actions in a way that even
the public would say why did you do that
which could happen I think he's gonna be
reelected but here's my point one of the
benefits of our system is that you
always have a backup small spare tire so
if you get a flat tire you get a backup
now in the course of the you know
regular governing if you're president is
taken off the field for whatever reason
you got you got a vice president so
that's a good backup
you know vice president is a good backup
for a president but there's another way
in which we need a backup which is the
election itself so you want to have two
candidates
ideally where if if one of them didn't
win the other one wouldn't wreck in the
country you know it may not be the
policies you like you know maybe your
taxes go up a little bit down a little
bit maybe you don't like that second
candidate but they're not going to break
anything there at least capable of doing
the job right we don't have that
President Trump is going to be running
against I don't know what I mean Joe
Biden is not even capable enough and I
think we can just say that as a fact I
think we're beyond the speculating part
if Joe Biden were capable of speaking
spontaneously on camera to the country
in this time of crisis if you were
capable of course we'd see it
of course we'd see it there is there's
no explanation during a presidential
campaign and especially during a crisis
there's no explanation for why we don't
see him we see Bernie right we've seen
Pelosi we've seen everybody and they
have some kind of BS excuse about their
I know they're doing construction on at
his house to turn it into a studio or
something but he's got an iPad I'm
talking to the world you know if I were
running for president and and this were
the the production quality and I got a
couple lights over there and I just
closed the shades and they turned on my
iPad it's pretty good right I mean you
know at least I'm not doing the thing
with my phone where I'm recording myself
in in portrait you know at least I was
clever enough to turn his sideways and
this is pretty good if I were running
for president I would just do this I get
a little iPad on my desk face it and
turn it on a couple times a day and say
I'm running for president my name is Joe
Biden president's doing some great
things I'd like to see him do some other
things here and by the way if I were
president you know you'd have better
health care or something like that it's
kind of easy the the hurdle that Joe
Biden is not able to get over
is so low that a child could do it
meaning just aim your iPad at yourself
and turn it on a child could turn on an
iPod and aim it at their face and and
broadcast to the world how do I know
that go to YouTube on YouTube there are
infinite seems like it infinite
children who have figured out how to do
this they put the camera down pointed at
themselves turn it on and you're live to
YouTube and Joe Biden can't figure that
out we should stop we should stop
pretending whether you're a Republican
or a Democrat remember this these are
strange times you know I'm I'm al
Sharpton today but I'm also Donald Trump
today so it's strange times and I'm
actually a little uncomfortable having
the emergency back-up plan being no
spare tire because you know if I'll just
throw out some names to make my point if
John will say let's see somebody else
let's say I don't want to put a name on
it just you know pick a pick a boring
governor that you think is doing a good
job and as a Democrat right if if the
Democrats were running a boring governor
who's just does a good job I would say
to myself you know I still prefer
President Trump very clear preference
but at least we've got an emergency
spare you know it's a little tired it
only goes 50 miles but it's not nothing
it's not nothing and Joe Biden is I
don't know how to say it more clearly it
is nothing Joe Biden doesn't have the
capability of doing any job at this
point you know he couldn't work at a
7-eleven and that's literally true I
don't think you could handle a job at
7-eleven at this point otherwise you'd
see him on camera so Democrats I feel
like you need to make the adult decision
and I mean this in a non-partisan way I
think whoever you're on is gonna lose
but you know do the country a solid and
run somebody who could run the country
that's almost anybody now if you run
Bernie for example I don't think he has
a chance of getting elected so you know
you might want to think of your own
strategy there but there are plenty of
you know moderate people who are still
functional you know given give us the
emergency backup spare Trump's still
gonna win but you know we're in an
uncertain time anything could happen
give us the backup all right I asked
people to tweet me questions again today
I did that yesterday and that worked out
pretty well so let's see if you've got
any questions for me
bear with me as my internet is very slow
today all right so it looks like I got
181 questions some of these are going to
be good
Ian says can you speak about the
trade-offs between a response to
coronavirus and the removal of civil
liberties okay
buh-buh-buh poem and then goes on about
analogies but I can answer this question
speak about the trade-offs between
response to coronavirus and removal of
civil liberties well here's why you need
adults in charge you need somebody to
make hard decisions but fortunately we
do have a president who can make a hard
decision imagine if he had a President
Biden and this and the experts told him
to close the southern border could he do
it don't know if he could suppose you're
the experts and you say to President
Trump you know you ought to be thinking
about closing air traffic from Europe
could he do it yeah by the time you
finish the sentence by the time they
finished the sentence he is on his phone
saying close air traffic from Europe so
you have an adult in charge people are
appreciating that where that was saying
they're appreciating it we got the guy
in charge who's gonna make hard
decisions all day long and you can trust
that he will because you've seen it
right he has such a long track record of
doing things that well it's a tough
decision but I'm the adult in the room
I'm gonna do it and I'm
take the I'm gonna take the heat could
Biden do that goody it's a real question
I don't know if he could make adult
decisions right now
all right so Eve ass the trade-off
between civil liberties and and the
response to the coronavirus I think the
best answer to that is that it has to be
adult decisions and if those adult
decisions come down and they say Scott
I'm gonna remove your civil civil
liberties for a week just tell me why
just tell me why
because remember you know this week I am
al Sharpton
but this week I am also president Trump
and if it's either either those people
who are the same person at the moment
says there's a good reason why you
should temporarily suspend my civil
liberties do it do it you have my
absolute and complete support do it
because the adults got to make the
decisions and if we trust them and I
think Trump working with the experts is
a very very safe combination I say just
do it because here's the thing I would
trust the thing that this country and
lots of countries do it well is we
brainwash our youth and in my case I
used to be a youth the brainwashing and
I'm gonna use this in the positive term
the brainwashing that this country does
to to design the adults they get to run
the country it was really really good
and one of the things that we're all
deeply wired I'll say wired instead of
brainwashed one of the things were
deeply wired by our system to appreciate
is freedom so if this were some other
country you know let's say a third world
country and the dictator said just for a
week I'm gonna take away your civil
liberties would you trust that no no you
wouldn't trust that because you think oh
this is just the first step before we
lose all our civil liberties and maybe
it would be but in the United States we
370 million wired coded brainwashed
designed whatever word you want to put
on it
human brains that aren't going to put up
with that kinda crap so if you take our
civil liberties away for a week with a
good reason you'll get pretty good
compliance two months from now if the
reason the went away and we still don't
have that civil liberty back we're gonna
change things we're gonna change our
government so there is no risk in the
United States because the citizens are
so well designed I mean it's actually
designed its brain design if you want to
put it that way so we are so well
designed in this country that our
government couldn't take our at least an
important civil liberty away any longer
than the reason for doing it remained
you could argue with the reason has
remained and that will always be a gray
area but it won't be some sign of
approaching evil all right I am let's
see what's your estimate of the
mortality rate well you know the experts
are lowering it all the time I'm not
going to I'm not going to give any kind
of a dumb estimate that's like you know
cartoonist overrules scientists or
anything like that so I will defer to
the scientist bump up boom do greg
gutfeld and i have have an understanding
about material and the answer is we're
friends and we think like and we talk
about a lot of this stuff offline I use
of his ideas uses some of mine so yes it
is a fully a fully friendly and ongoing
situation and I was using Greg's
examples yesterday for example so that
that's far more a case of two people who
have very similar thinking cells we're
both from Berkeley both California I
mean if you if you lined up our opinions
or they're going to be pretty close
probably ninety percent overlap what do
you do when your door - comes do you
wipe down the containers
it's a good question I'm not an expert
on any of these so take anything I say
with a grain of salt the the scientists
say this they say very clearly that the
virus lives on surfaces they also say
very clearly that that means you could
get it from surfaces and it lasts quite
a while on surfaces but the scientists
also say they haven't confirmed any case
where somebody just got it from a
surface apparently the case is that they
can track down there's always a person
they find a person now that person may
have given it to them by putting it on
the surface and then you touch the
surface but the person is always
identified as being in the area for a
while in other words I got it from my
spouse you don't need to ask did you get
it off a surface or did it come from
their mouth or something you know the
source was the person and that's about
as far as we can go we don't know if
it's because that kiss we don't know if
it's because they shared a glass we
don't know well what we don't have and
maybe we will what we don't have is
somebody who's been you know so isolated
for two weeks and the only thing they
touched was the take care of food in a
bag and then they got to corrode the
virus not saying it hasn't happened I'm
saying we wouldn't know but science is
not is not saying that's identified yet
so here's my answer
you can't take risks down to zero that's
not an option and you got to eat I'm
taking the trade-off that if I can keep
my local restaurants and food businesses
in operation that's good for them I'm
taking the risk that it's better than
you know going to the store myself I'm
taking the risk that even if I hired
somebody to shop for me which I
literally did yesterday you know a
younger person with a good immune system
and I and I gave I gave a list that was
sort of you know in and out small basket
you know minimize the time in the store
and all that so we're doing risk
management we're not eliminating risk
right so the first thing you should say
to yourself is you don't live in a world
where
risk could be zero on the coronavirus or
anything else but you can certainly take
the choices that are available to you
that are the lower risk so to answer
your question I pick up my bag from my
front step I have no human contact I
pick it up from the bottom because I
presume they probably talked they
carried it from the top
I get inside I cut the exterior bag off
it carefully and then I wash my hands
with soap now of course the interior
stuff could also you know have a problem
it's a non zero risk but I find that an
acceptable risk give them as science is
just now finding this direct path from
objects to people we just know it could
be so stay away from it you know
minimize it if you could but I did I do
what I can do
and then I don't do what I can't do
which is I can't I can't know what's on
the interior contents and so I take that
risk because it's better than the other
risks so I hope that's the answer
should the shelter-in-place be applied
countrywide or only locally I would say
locally at first and then watch it but
the pair Oh somebody's saying thank you
for the recommendation to watch the
movie for adverse Ferrari yeah a few
people have gotten back to me on this
and said the same thing if you're just
looking for a good non stressful feel
good about America America can do you
know if if you're American and that's
the vibe that you want to feel that
movie really delivers it's one of the
best movies I've watched it a long time
because it never made me feel bad it's
hard to watch a movie that doesn't
intentionally make you feel bad and feel
bad for the characters and stuff before
they rescue the characters and I don't
like to go through the part where you
feel bad before you get to the good news
I just don't want to watch that movie
but this one because it's based on real
stuff and and even though you know I
won't give anything away but you know
it's not all good news all the way
through let me just say that but it
doesn't make you feel bad at any point
it's just a well-made movie so if you
need you know a couple
hours to get into a different mindset to
relax that's a really good choice
where can we find data on how the
hospitals are holding up well apparently
not from the task force so that would be
another thing that the data visualizer
should be doing on behalf of the task
force there should be a one pager that
says here are some of our metro hotels
hotels here are some of our metro
hospitals here's normal capacity here's
the maximum theoretical flexing capacity
maybe just for ventilators maybe just
for UIC use you know you might need to
break it out a little bit but and then
change things as you know what's
happening so we don't know that I don't
know if anybody knows that and I doubt
if we saw the data it would be presented
in a way you could make much of it so
how to persuade others that pouchy is on
the solution side and the disease is far
more serious than the flu well that's
what I'm working on and the people who
still think it's only the flu I have to
explain why we already see hospitals
being pushed past capacity if it were
the flu hospitals would not be pushed to
past capacity if you're noticing anybody
who's arguing and just force them to
think about that now now the escape path
I've already identified is they'll say
but Italy is different and they're gonna
say Italy as old people Italy Italy is
and in fact I saw yesterday a smart
person say that the Italy was miss
counting the number of people who were
dying from coronavirus and the way they
counted it made it seem like there were
too many so therefore maybe were
panicking by looking at Italy because
the way they're counting things is
making it look like it's worse than it
is to which I say what the hell is wrong
with you
the other thing we're clearly seeing in
Italy is that their hospitals can't
handle the load that doesn't happen with
the flu
the only thing you should talk about
when somebody says it's just the flu
they're gonna try to take you to numbers
say hey they killed this killed that
didn't close for the long swine flu
they're gonna try to take you in that
direction
don't do it stand firm and never leave
this point hospitals are already
overloaded and we expect 10 times as
much traffic based on the best experts
estimates of how this thing will evolve
all right some hospitals are already at
capacity from this and it will be 10
times bigger probably in a month that's
what the experts say don't leave that
point the moment you leave that point
you're vulnerable to lose your think and
people are going to be like well you
know it's different now if they say hey
stop talking about Italy that's there's
just a weird thing going on there say
China had to build new hospitals tell me
one other time China had to build a new
hospital in a week never and we also
have American hospitals New York City is
getting close to capacity already and
we're at the beginning folks we're at
the beginning and hospitals are nearing
capacity so the people who say it's just
the flu don't leave that point Hospital
capacity hospital capacity hospital
capacity already numerous data points
from Iran New York City Italy China
South Korea numerous data points don't
leave that point that's how you kill it
kill the rumor that it's just the flu
all right let's see what else we got
is this a new normal for novel virus
response well maybe but again there's a
gigantic a wild card here to gigantic
wild cards one is how quickly can we
make test kits and and labs that can you
evaluate the test kits how quickly can
we build in a murder
agency system for testing that's both
product and system for getting it tested
and getting back to you how quickly can
we build that but once it's built well
we will we always have that as our
emergency plan because the next time we
have a flu in theory what we've learned
from this one will allow us to just pull
the lever and say all right in three
days we're gonna have you know a billion
test kits or whatever this is the right
number so I think the new normal is that
we won't we'll be ready for this war you
know they always say you're always ready
to fight the last war and that's what
bit isn't about this time I think but if
you're saying or will we not be ready
for the next coronavirus well we're
going to know a lot about these and
malaria anti malarial drugs that seem
promising we'll know about the rhythm
erythromycin cocktail we'll know about
the ten other things in the pipeline and
we'll know about the vaccines so my
guess is if I had to if I had to put
money on it it's the last coronavirus
pandemic if I had to bet money now if I
put odds on it I'd say 80% I would say
there's an 80% chance you'll never see
this again with with this form of the
virus you know or something with
something in his family because I think
we will learn how to get it with tests
and with meds and with vaccinations a
year from now we'll be in good shape but
we'll be recovered financially at least
somewhat well before them next question
that's a funny question I'll skip that
one realignments from high-density urban
areas to more rural I was kind of
wondering about this you know the just
the pure practicality of it you know
let's say you said hey New York City the
only way we're going to get to the other
end of this is just hypothetical I'm
just just brainstorming here maybe
somebody will have a good idea that's
different from mine that
suggested suppose you sent to New York
City hey hey people if you have the
capability to get out of the city get
out of the city you don't have to but if
you can if you can find a place to pitch
a tent you can find somebody in Nebraska
and you've been tested
I suppose that would spread and maybe
that would just spread the disease when
nevermind
it's probably too late to do social
distancing in terms of the city you live
in
you know temporarily going to the
country for a few weeks because I
probably would just spread it at this
point I would need an expert to to weigh
that those options all right Justin Hart
asked this question the death rate and
disasters sold to us as a justification
for the shutdown are quickly collapsing
does that matter Justin I got to check
your okay you're in marketing and sales
I I don't want to be unkind because I
know you were a follower because you're
you know you follow me on Twitter so
Justin and I'm gonna try not to be a
jerk about this because I don't have
anything against you Justin yeah he
shows that he shows the graph of I guess
what is the deaths the fatality rate
going down and down and down so he's
saying since the predictions didn't pan
out you know what are we making that
Justin the predictions didn't pan out
yet and it's because we're flattening
the curve if we had treated this as
business as usual things would be very
much worse so here's my recommendation
to anybody who does not have I don't
know some kind of a background in the
decision-making sciences so if you don't
have a background in science engineering
economics perhaps and you could think of
several others look that people who do
so so Justin
find somebody who's you know just
somebody personally who's gone through
one of those
and then show them your graph and say
what does that tell me I think they're
going to tell you what I told you which
is that's the way it goes if we do
everything right and that's the reason
we're panicking just to get everybody to
do something right so the fact that you
know where we're getting the some kind
of control on this it shouldn't tell you
that we shouldn't have done it
that doesn't make any sense all right
I'm trying to be kind about that but you
the people who did not have experience
and decision-making you really need to
rely on people who literally learn those
skills let's see can biden name his
kovat 19 video so that he's not in as
his VP if they identify his female okay
that's just a joke and by the way I
don't know if you saw that a Biden
campaign video was an expert talking
about the corona virus instead of Joe
Biden he didn't even introduce him that
that tells you everything you know about
where Joe is whatever is happening is
not good for Joe and I think they just
need to make the adult decision and find
a real candidate there
how much over a capacity and supplies
and equipment this is right amount for
future pandemics well unfortunately
nobody knows that question but I think
the smarter approach is to have a
pipeline that can be quickly converted
so all of these factories that quickly
converted into making masks and stuff
they they kind of have a template now so
there must be some kind of you know
public information about how to make
these masks etc so I think the important
thing is to know how to turn the
pipeline on quickly not just having some
in the emergency supply somebody said
I've heard three months that sounds
about right
have we slowed down the spread and by
how much I can't answer that is there
any truth to this that the corona virus
is an intentional move
to destroy the American economy and
usher in a single government new world
order and a digital currency is there
any truth to this
no no there's not there's not let me let
me say with complete certainty there's
no government that would have done this
intentionally you know it could have
escaped accidently from some government
facility
China but there's no way that a rational
person and I think all the leaders of
the countries who could do this would be
rational there's no way no way anybody
rationally did this as a strategy there
are too many unknowns the strategy is
something you say if I do this it's
going to lead to this this and this but
but this doesn't have that nature this
is just chaos
and you know you could tell yourself oh
maybe it's some anarchist who just wants
to destroy the world or something
but even then they'd be taking credit
you know so there's there's literally
zero zero zero evidence of anything but
a very bad disaster that nobody nobody
intended let's see what else move got
going here questions why is our
government saying master work when it's
obvious that they do basically just
paraphrasing the question and I think
it's the same reason that foul Qi is
saying that Hydra chloroquine or
hydroxychloroquine I don't know the
difference but I think it's the same
reason the government is saying that the
meds are unknown in in usefulness
they're not really unknown and nobody
really thought the mass didn't work so
remember there's there are two things of
this there's that there's the medical
side and dealing with their emergency
but they're also dealing with our
psychology so people like fowey are very
aware that if they say the wrong thing
it's going to cause the wrong actions so
there is going to be a disconnect and I
would expect more of it
I would expect more of this disconnect
where the things they're telling you to
do don't quite map with the things you
know with certainty to be true and it's
probably because the message has more to
do about getting compliance in a way
that gets us to the endpoint best I
think it's a greater good this is not
one of those cases where I would be
nitpicking the government
hey you're lying to us because I believe
there are productive lies there are
productive lies I've never told you that
your government should tell you the
truth all right for many situations it's
the preferred situation either you want
your government to tell you the truth
for many you know maybe 95% of the time
but there's a solid 5% of the situations
where the public would simply be worse
off with a little bit more reality
sometimes you might need to manage the
psychology that mass hysteria and it
might take a little bit of shading of
the truth and maybe a circle back to the
truth later when it's safe after this is
done I'm fairly certain that your
experts will say yeah we knew that
wearing masks would help the public but
we didn't have enough masks and I think
that you're gonna hear someday the
experts say yeah we were sure a lot
earlier than we said about this medicine
or that being effective but we didn't
want to call wasn't run on the supply I
think that's what's going on
thoughts on Candice Owens's stance I
don't know what it is about the
coronavirus how do I choose a okay I
don't answer that one there - - are
there any doctors saying this is an
overreaction
excellent question excellent question so
for those who say it's an overreaction
find a doctor who's working in an
infected area who agrees with you just
one just one doctor just find one doctor
working at a hospital that's that's
already seeing
a bit of volume in it and left that
doctor tell the world that it's not a
problem I think you've seen zero of that
the somebody's in the comments I'm
saying that you know dr. Joey being
mentioned correct me if I'm wrong but
dr. Drew has always been compatible with
ouchies recommendations that's the end
of that story if you can find me a
counter to that statement I'm not aware
of it but if you can't find a counter
just just drop it just drop it if any
any doctor anywhere in the United States
who was talking about the corona virus
and what they were saying was compatible
at the time with what foul she was
saying and then he evolved without you
because remember foul she didn't say you
we should close the flights from Europe
on day one right I mean it took a while
he was evolving as as information was
coming so if any other doctor was
evolving in the same way the number one
expert in the country was evolving
everybody's on the same page dr. Weiss
when do you think the recovery process
begins in terms of economy and
containment well it depends how you
count it the stock market will recover
as soon as we we see that the trend is
slowed or changing so soon as the stock
market notices that we're getting on top
of it it's a leading indicator so that
will be first and I think that the stock
market will have some big updates and
some big down days no matter where it's
going in general so I think that you're
gonna see maybe within two weeks you're
going to see another we've already had a
kind of a stock market bounce but in two
weeks if we get positive news about the
meds the stock market is gonna is going
to bounce back not all the way and when
it bounces back it won't stay there so
you're gonna see a wildly gyrating stock
market that will respond to every every
bit of new trend new news though you
know
you should assume that in some country
they're gonna get it under control and
then it will flare back and then the
stock market will react but I think
stock market was first you could see
something of a beginning of a more up
and down in two weeks when we know we
have some visibility and that by the
time we get test kits widely available
and you know I'm just gonna use my
common sense on this I don't see us
having enough test kits for a month even
if we move heaven and earth because that
just seems harder but I think we'll have
we'll have real knowledge about pills
and availability in two weeks so I think
it's a two phased recovery phase one is
giving pills that work and maybe in some
cases young people so long as they live
where there's access to the pills and
it's an efficient system to get them to
him I think they'll go back to work
sooner so we'll have something like a
half recovery or a three-quarters
recovery maybe in a month because those
people went back to work will start
getting things going but at the end of
the month I think you're going to see
the testing come online hard to the
point where you see the beginnings of
these 60 plus or you know having a get
out of jail card that's starting to form
and at that point it's going to look
like we have a clear path so those are
two things the efficacy and safety and
availability availability is really high
on the list but I think we can solve
that of the pills the different kinds
that we know work or I hope we know work
and then the test gets so it's a
two-phase ER and I would say that you'll
see people released from prison as soon
as the pills are available for for them
and yes young people here's my guess I
think in two weeks we're gonna get
guidance about when we'll be released in
two weeks within two weeks it could be
one week we will get guidance which
could change but I think the government
will start to get into the position
where they say
here's where our plan is forming and you
can't fault the government for not
having a solid plan because we're still
gathering information but if they say
we're looking at you know this this is
our back to work date and we've got a
plan to feed people until then but it's
Lily as soon as the government starts
saying you know we're gonna aim for this
this date to get this many people back
to work you're gonna feel like that the
momentum changed because we've been in
full retreat right every time there's an
announcement it's a retreat and as soon
as that changes - okay here's a retreat
over here but we also made some progress
over here and then this could be more
progress than retreat I think in a month
it's gonna be basically non-stop good
news about human ingenuity you know
you're gonna have your Tesla ventilators
you can have your pills you're gonna
have your test guests etc so month is
the longest for the over-60s I think so
somebody asked this question I don't
know the answer but it's interesting
question if you had two people one is
infected and and what are symptoms you
know coughing etc and one does not and
they both go out in public let's say to
different parts of the public which one
would infect more people someone who had
no symptoms or someone who had obvious
symptoms in public interesting question
I I think it would depend entirely upon
the nature of that public gathering
isn't a restaurant or is it just a crowd
or whatever but you could easily imagine
that the person with no symptoms would
take fewer precautions and it would be
less easy to identify as someone to stay
away from if you see somebody who's
coughing you know you're running hard in
the other direction if you see
somebody's not coughing well maybe you
think this is a one-time you should
shake hands
so could go either way it's a good
question
what did the actual real change is
needed for health for healthcare
independence from China
mostly supply chain I think I think it
comes down to that just making stuff
here or making stuff I mean I can
imagine making it in Canada or Mexico
gets you close to the same degree of of
comfort now you might say to yourself I
don't know does Mexico give you comfort
and the answer is yes because if because
our military would just go in and take
over those factories if if anything
funny happened right so we can't do that
with you know China if China said we're
gonna withhold your meds what are we
gonna do we're gonna go with our meds
but if Mexico said hahaha United States
we're going to withhold your meds unless
you do what we want well we have the the
military would be marching across the
border and surrounding their factory in
about ten minutes
so you don't have to move it to the
United States but you need to move it
into the neighborhood if you know what I
mean you know in Canada would be equally
safe not for military reasons but
because we you know we know we would
work productively with them that
wouldn't be a risk to do can Congress
make April and May rent and mortgage
payments zero because the theory being
that it's easier for the landlords and
the banks to absorb the losses you know
I've thought about that but I'm not
smart enough to connect all the chain of
cause and effect so there's a it's an
appealing suggestion and it would go
like this if you're paying rent or you
plaint paying mortgage you just don't
pay for two months period and and then
it just starts when when things go back
to normal that might actually be a good
idea it's it's good enough that I'd like
to have an economist wrestle with it and
tell us because you know you've got and
I know in my own life I know people
whose only income might be the the
several rental properties that they have
so
for the several rental properties those
people do not pay rent means that at
least the one person it doesn't have an
income that month so I don't know you'd
have to do the math but I wouldn't rule
it out look at some of your questions
are funny
why is San Francisco allowing Chinese
airlines to resume flights to San
Francisco what what is that true San
Francisco is allowing Chinese airlines
to resume flights to San Francisco
really now I don't know about that story
but I'd have to assume that they have of
course considered the risk and of course
there must be maybe a quarantine or
testing maybe maybe they're using some
of their limited testing to test people
right away before they send him into the
public I don't know so I don't know
about that story but it's worrisome
should they should they address or
debunk the medium article at the presser
yeah you know so there I mentioned it
there was that that medium article that
was going around that's being pulled off
a platforms for being you know grossly
grossly damaging I think because it's
it's just not good information it's not
it's not put together in a way that's
helping the public should the press or
debunk it maybe so maybe subtle I don't
know that they need to mention it by
name but it got so much attention maybe
so yeah yeah I could go either way but I
think maybe so husband asks why can't it
used mass could be put in paper bag sit
for a week until germs are dead and be
reused by same person I don't know I
don't know
question I've heard that if you put the
germs in heat or not the germs the virus
in heat and I've heard numbers who knows
if this is right but 133 degrees for 15
minutes you know two days in a row and
and it would it would kill you know just
the second day just to do any mop up in
case there's some left but if you have a
dry sauna and you took your used and
badly infected mask and you just put it
in your dry sauna and just ran that
thing for a day would it kill it don't
try this at home because you could end
up getting yourself killed I'm not
advising it but I'm asking somebody's
saying a freezer now I see in the
comments and debunked so here's let me
give you the common-sense answer because
I can't answer you sign scientifically
the common-sense answer is there are a
lot of doctors and scientists involved
in this question I'm pretty sure they
would have tried that I'm pretty sure
that we would know that but just in case
just in case let's float that question
there must be enough people on this
periscope that somebody has looked into
that who has a scientific background and
can tell us no no no Scott you would
either ruin the integrity of the mask
that's possible or you would you know
you don't want extreme temperatures
because the integrity of the mask would
change and then it just wouldn't be a
mask or maybe they've tested it and he
just can't get rid of the virus I don't
know I mean we've been told that a virus
doesn't live more than how many days or
how many hours depending on the material
so your husband's question is really
kind of excellent and just curiosity
alone I'd like to know the answer to
that somebody says google it can
somebody do that why don't you google it
for me and see if anybody's answer to
that question it's a really good
question but you have to think that with
this many X
looking at if mask shortage if over that
easy I feel like we would have heard
that by now but you never know right you
never know
let's see thoughts on the corona virus
affecting the cartel supply chain
including fentanyl well as many of you
know this is kind of personal to me
because my stepson died from an overdose
including fentanyl and you know I I
blame China for creating it and sending
it to Mexico and Mexican cartels for
selling it and of course I blame the
Mexican government for being essentially
owned by the cartels now interesting
sidenote Philippe called around who was
the President of Mexico out of 2006 to
2010 he actually follows me on Twitter
so yeah I just noticed that the other
day cuz I think you like something I did
it and I thought I wonder if he follows
me on Twitter so the ex-president of
Mexico follows me on Twitter and you
know you'd probably ask yourself well
will that will that control the things
you're willing to say well watch me the
the government of Mexico is clearly
owned by the cartels so if you thought
it would stop me now you know and by the
way I'm not blaming you fully Coldren
personally I'm just saying that at the
moment it's it's so obvious that we
don't need any confirmation any reports
on message massive ramping up of us
testing gear and stuff no no and that's
that's exactly why we did that data
visualizer to be part of this looks like
I'm running a little bit long and I'm
gonna end it here why don't we just
freeze the stock market you'd have to
ask somebody smarter I don't know the
pluses and minus that I do to do what is
the first industry that will D couple
from China
well the priority
we'll be meds and pharmaceuticals I
don't know if it'll be first but it will
be certainly be the priority when we'll
be able to open businesses I think we're
talking a few weeks as in a month and
maybe sooner for some selected
businesses but it will be it'll be
phased it's not I don't think there's
even the slightest chance that you wait
18 months to open your business so if
you're worried about that no chance and
I don't think there's a slightest chance
things will be closed for a year I put
both of those at zero because we're
playing some brinksmanship we're not
crazy
all right brinksmanship is that you take
your economy you know right to the edge
but you don't break it
yeah you you stress it as much as you
think you can but it's just to get a
hold of the you know you know get on top
of the virus but you don't break it if
we're still doing a lock down a year
from now we're broken so what you can
trust is that everybody knows that maybe
that that calculation is top of mind for
every person involved here so this
reminds me a little bit of an old Star
Trek episode where the captain Captain
Kirk is asking the engineer chief
engineer Scotty kept Scotty if he'll
give him warp 9 and you know how that
conversation goes you know Scotty you
know give me warp 9 and then Scott he
goes I cannot give you a warm 9 captain
the ship is only built for a warp at we
can't handle it it'll start it'll come
apart at the seams and the captain will
say give me warp 9 and Scotty will say
aye aye captain
and then Scotty somehow makes it work so
we're sort of trapped in a Star Trek
episode in which you know the warp
drives are our economy and right now
that economy is sort of at warp 9 in
terms of you know danger to the
structure but we're not going to go to
Road we're not going to go to warp
attend because even Captain Kirk
doesn't ask for warp 10 but what you
should expect is that on the atomic I'm
stuff I'm sorry on the economic stuff
however scared you are now you're going
to be way more scared because doing the
right thing and doing the wrong thing
look exactly the same for a while so
doing the right thing and the wrong
thing will look like keeping the economy
closed for a few more weeks the right
thing and the wrong thing are the same
for those two weeks it's what you do
after that that's the difference between
the right thing and the wrong thing so
we are not doing the wrong thing now for
sure for sure because we're not going to
break the government
I'm not going to break the economy in a
few weeks but if we're having this
conversation in a month then you're
gonna have to ask yourself is Scotty or
Captain Kirk on there on the right side
but you know there are a lot of adults
in the room making those decisions and I
think we'll be fine
and I will talk to you again later today
not sure when but before you go to bed
and I will talk to you later