but a bum bum ba ba ba ba ba ba
oh it's Monday it's another work week
for me that doesn't mean much since I
work in the weekends too so to me I call
it happy day and if you'd like to join
me for the simultaneous sip one of the
best parts of your day why
partly because I say so partly because
it is partly because it involves your
favorite beverage and partly because
you'll be joining with the rest of us
and a simultaneous sip
yeah that's that's a good sipping right
there so let's talk about the craziness
in the world craziness I tell you
there's craziness everywhere so we're
watching of course everybody in the
world is watching this Nike situation
with Colin Kaepernick and one of the big
questions is is this gonna be good for
Nike or bad for Nike and I just tweeted
around well some see some data that I
haven't triple checked it so I'm not
sure that any of its right but there are
there are two stories one is that online
sales went up by some large amount
30-some percent right after the Capitan
commercial but turns out online sales
are about six percent of sales which
doesn't really sound sounds low to me
but let's say online sales are not most
of their sales and then there's another
entity which has measured I guess the
the popularity of the brand which has
cut in half from 60 something to 30
something so which one of those is true
our sales up or has Nike completely
destroyed its brand because there are
entities with both stories the 30% is
based on 300 emailed receipts so I guess
the macro story is we can't trust this
story so that's the moral of that story
but here's the interesting thing
I'm watching the Democrats trying to
make socialism look like a good thing
and of course the people on the right
will tell you that socialism just turns
you into Venezuela and socialism is the
worst thing in the world and then I'm
also watching Kaepernick who you would
dissociate with socialism when you you'd
associated with Che Guevara you'd
associated with the left so you would
associate Kaepernick with socialism what
are the two biggest things yeah I think
I could put this into two categories
what are the two things we know about
Kaepernick number one he is a symbol for
socialism because he's a symbol of the
left the left is about socialism he wore
a Che Guevara shirt at one point
socialism what is the second thing we
know about Kaepernick he's a huge
capitalist with a multi-million dollar
contract with a company that has
sweatshops or whoever makes their
sneakers around the world what is a
bigger capitalist company than Nike Nike
pretty much is capitalism so Kaepernick
has managed to become the icon for
opposites and somehow he's pulling it
off you know in a weird way
so he's a symbol for the biggest
corporate greed buy my sneakers for
hundreds of dollars
let us license your image that's as
capitalist as you can frickin cat you
can't get more capitalist than you know
being the the face of Nike at the same
time he's the face of the opposite of
that so if you ask me is that a good
long-term place for a Kaepernick to be I
would say it might not work in the long
term but we don't know we just don't
know it's hard to this one's a tough one
to to call and the reason is that the
people who are the main customers for
Nike may be a Democrat may be a
demographic that just doesn't mind
Kaepernick's anything they just think
he's a rebel and that's that's cool so
it might be that nobody's really
thinking of it in any deeper level and
they just like his vibe maybe you sell
sneakers we'll see I don't know how to
put our estimate on that one now in a
similar vein you should always look at
the unintended consequences of
everything happening well what was the
intended consequence of the Woodward
book
well the intended consequence of writing
any book is to sell books of course
that's always the the primary goal of
the author and the publisher but in this
case you kind of think there's a you
know another big goal which is to paint
the president in a certain unflattering
light but here's the unintended
consequence of everything in the
Woodward book as well as the unintended
consequence of the New York Times the
New York Times
anonymous writer
if you if you're trying to buy the
mainstream media's narrative that the
president is essentially a dictator and
he's a strong man and you know you put
him in office and he's just having his
way with things because he's sort of a
dictator how does that jibe with the
whole New York Times mole who says there
are all these people who are managing
the president and there's so much
friction and essentially painting a
picture where it's a very collaborative
sort of situation where it's hard for
even the president to get anything done
so the president has now been designed
as shall we say by the the opposition
they've designed a picture of the
president where he's a dictator he's a
strongman dictator who can't even get a
document left on his desk he's a
dictator who nobody is doing what he
wants to do exaggerating a little bit
here but doesn't it seem to you that one
of the narratives which was this
president you know is a dictator is sort
of really damaged by this insider
account of someone who first of all
likes a lot of what the president does
and in those situations where where this
person doesn't like it they push back so
where does the president have push back
the president has pushed back from the
courts and we've seen the president
acknowledged the courts Authority and
we've seen the president conform to the
courts wishes the Supreme Court so
that's not very dictator like we've seen
Congress fort the president and that's
not very dictator like and we said we
think that Congress will maybe be more
able to thwart the president after the
midterms if Democrats pick up seats
now very dictator like then we see this
you know again I always tell you to look
for the negative space I'm not really
finding I don't remember that the
insider who wrote the insider piece did
that insider ever say yeah you know
we're worried that he loves Russia too
much maybe he's a Russian asset remember
this is an insider why why is it the
that the insider the person who's so
close to the president he can touch his
desk well you know why is this person
not a not afraid of any Russian
collusion stuff apparently right you
think that that person would have said
something like well I like how the
economy is going but I can't work for
someone who's a Russian asset why
because the insider apparently isn't
worried about that doesn't seem to be on
the radar and by the way let's look at
the headlines on CNN and I think I'll
read to you all of the Russian related
stories there must be lots of Russian
related stories right it's the biggest
story in the world it's a gigantic
problem that's gonna remove the
president molars got a bombshell any
minute now
that's big stuff let's read all the
headlights something about a hurricane
something else about a hurricane
something about a hurricane and other
story but hurricane something about
Sweden something about Alibaba something
about Olivia newton-john is she Russian
she is no she's not Russian something
about Woodward book something about
let's say more a lesson Moonves stuff
Les Moonves he's not Russian is he Ford
Motor Company NFL huh seven people
injured in Paris knife attack huh Serena
Williams huh nothing about Russia how
about that Papadopoulos story that was a
whole big tall glass of nothing wasn't
it you got two weeks in jail how would
you like to bank your criticism on the
of the President on this
twenty-something person who got two
weeks in jail for getting you know
trapped into a lie about something that
wasn't important in the first place so
it seems to me that the attack of the
president that it was the Russia line of
attack looks like the left has given up
now it might be that there's just no
news being generated then they need a
little news because it needs something
to talk about you'd think that it would
be the case right if there are no new
events of the Russia probe what is there
to talk about well has that stopped them
for the past year and a half has the
left stopped talking about Russia any
week because they didn't have any news
now they just made up some news how hard
is that
did the Woodward book confirm that the
president is a Russian asset crickets
chirp chirp chirp wait a minute are you
telling me that the best investigative
reporter the person who can really blow
the lid off of a story like Watergate
Bob Woodward wrote an entire book about
the presidency and left out Russia now I
assume it's mentioned prominently in
some ways but where are all the stories
generated by the Woodward book about how
Russia is really what we think it is
this terrible problem did Woodward leave
Russia out of the boat
or did he write about it in a way that
didn't add anything which would indicate
maybe we know everything maybe there's
not much there if even Woodward is not
on that story so somebody's saying yes
he did so I'm assuming it's true that he
mentions Russia stuff in the book but
was anything added to the story by
Woodward is the question or is it still
dead in the water so dead that a
Woodward book you know think of his name
in this context a Woodward book about
President Trump and none of the
headlines are about hey we found out a
little bit more about Russia nothing
like that
look for the blank space look at the
canvas and find the empty space
sometimes that's the story that's the
story here all right so the the mole has
inadvertently I think drawn a cap on the
problem here's what I mean by that if
you were on the outside looking into the
White House you know you're you're just
you you're a citizen and you're looking
at this White House and this White House
is being described by its haters as
being a you know a den of Russian spies
and and everybody's in there for
themselves and blah blah blah and and
there's a dictator and all these things
that the haters have said about the
White House think of all the things the
haters have said don't you think that
the New York Times insider account and
the insider remember was no fan of the
president he had liked some of the
things like the economy and defense but
he was no fan if you believe the insider
did he not describe the worst-case
scenario in other words the insider said
there's some big problems here sometimes
the people on the staff don't agree with
the president's ideas and so we find
ways to prevent those ideas from
happening what was the worst thing about
that story the mole the worst thing
about this story was the person who
wrote it
think about this an insider account
somebody that close to the president
this person really knows the goods this
is somebody who knows where the
skeletons are this is somebody who knows
what the problems are this is somebody
that's close they're an insider and what
did they have the worst thing about the
about the White House was the person who
wrote the story because there's somebody
not doing what the president is asking
on issues that apparently are not that
important that's it the best the op-ed
could come up with is that the op-ed
writer is an am I wrong about
that now what they said was a lot of
mind-reading stuff read it would take me
a moment
to find it but I'm going to ask you to
just remember it it's a this is a
low-budget operation here think about
the things that the op-ed said were
facts and then think about how they
characterize them so that this is that a
typical thing that happens though the a
anti-trump story or an anti any famous
person story will start like this
they'll say here's a fact he did this I
did this
somebody did this somebody did this so
there'll be some facts and then in the
next sentence there will be things that
aren't exactly facts they're
characterizations so for example the
facts might be I took something off the
desk when the president the president
was unhappy about a decision that was
made by some underling so those might be
facts and then the next part will be
he's unhinged he's flipping out he's
becoming unstable he sees that he's
obsessed what do all of those words have
in common there are things you can't
know about another person's inner state
you can know the fact this person
disagreed with this person this person
raised their voice with this person this
person brought up the topic
a number of times those would be facts
but that's not how the op-eds are
written that's not how the critics write
stuff they turn that into and therefore
I know his inner thoughts and he's in
the inner turmoil he's he's obsessed
he's obsessed with this he he only cares
about his image all he cares about
he's got a singular thing he cares about
he's ignoring other important things he
doesn't feel priorities
none of that are facts they could be
facts their potential facts there are
things that are in the class of things
that might be true but there's no
evidence for them they are simply
interpretations from someone else about
someone else's inner mental process so
if you look at the New York Times
article you're going to see some bad
things that the writer himself did you
know trying to thwart the president on
some fairly unimportant stuff and then a
whole bunch of interpretations about the
president's inner state that's not in
evidence and here's the important point
remember the the canvas and looking for
the negative space this is the closest
thing to a genuine insider who really
knows where the bodies are buried and
all he had was his own interpretation of
what somebody else's thoughts are that's
what he had
that's all he had that was the worst of
it you just heard the worst thing we
could possibly find out about the White
House or it feels like that right and it
was a big nothing
you know after after a week of getting
excited about it because the words
around in a way it's covered and the
fact that the president you know the
White House is trying to figure out who
it is so there are lots of stories sort
of around it like why did do it why did
the New York Times print it who is the
person will we find the person a lot of
stories around the story but the story
was sort of inert and that's the worst
and insider could come up with an
insider think about that we haven't seen
that before
think of Omarosa now I'm not sure
Omarosa really got to be in the big
meetings you know she might not have
been and you know the the meetings that
made a difference to national security
or anything but her book is totally
discredited and you know she has no
credibility whatsoever and it feels like
I don't even remember anything in her
book do you can you remember like quite
honestly I'm trying to remember anything
from Mama roses book that I considered
credible can you think of anything give
me an example of something from a
Burruss book yeah there were accusations
of racism with no examples right I
believe there were vague accusations
that there might be something on a tape
that it might have been something but
can you think of anything in the Omarosa
book I'm looking at your comments and I
don't see any getting fired by Kelly
yeah we know that
so the accusations of the n-word that
literally nobody thinks is true so
yeah so the other so Omarosa is an
insider who made some crazy accusations
but none of them were credible or backup
opal so now you have two insiders who
really were you know they were under the
hood and they came away with nothing
what does that tell you so uh-huh I'm
just looking at your comments now yeah
her secret recordings she apparently her
recordings were not that interesting
right
somebody says people think Trump didn't
use the n-word zero chance he didn't use
it well I think there is zero chance
that he used it in the context of the
presidency you know the the odds that he
has ever uttered that word in any kind
of a presidential way or or really even
since he's been president I would say is
zero
the odds of a seven-year-old having used
that word when talking about it is a
hundred percent so the odds that he's
used the word talking to a friend about
how somebody else said it or why can't
you know you're basically talking about
the word yeah there's a hundred percent
using it in anger I think the odds of
that are love actually I you know the
number of times I've actually heard a
white person used the n-word in anger in
my adult life
not since quite honestly I'm gonna I'm
gonna I'm searching my memory banks and
thinking if I've ever heard it in just a
natural situation forget about you know
forget about anything I've never heard
it in business I've never heard it in
any kind of a corporate environment
never heard it from a co-worker I've
never heard it from family members you
know in here I'm talking about any word
he used an anger actually used in its
insult way I can't think of any time
I've ever
as an adult I've heard it in college as
an insult so I I can think of specific
times I've heard somebody who was
nineteen years old
use that remember this is in the 70s but
since that I can't think of one time
I've ever heard it actually used in its
native way by anybody I know or anybody
I was around it's pretty it's pretty
rare you know that's the good news if
you're black you probably think it
happens all the time
and you know and and keep in mind you
know I live in California all of my
adult life Northern California so if I
lived in the south maybe maybe hear it
all the time I don't know that I
wouldn't know but yes a hundred percent
of every adult has used the word when
talking about the word and usually in
private did you ever use it
I've only used it when talking about the
word in private
I've never you never used an anchor I've
never called anybody that word to me to
me the word is so ugly like it's hard to
like force your your lips to say it it's
just so ugly so why would you try so
don't try have I what word are you
talking about talking about the n-word
all right don't give the give a word
power well that ship has sailed
that word already has power can't take
it back ugly like Nazi or white
supremacists the the words Nazi and
white supremacists are so overused that
they become they're funny and ugly at
the same time you know Nazi you would
think would be one of the worst words
you who calls them money
the horrible thing and it is but it's
also so overused it's like a punchline
I mean I use it I say Nazi all the time
what just before I block people by the
way if you're wondering how my
experiment is going of blocking Nazis
and my definition of Nazi is anybody who
comes after a person personally as
opposed to disagree with their ideas and
especially if they come after the group
you're in
so if somebody says to me well you're
all idiots you know because you're Trump
supporter or you're a conservative or a
liberal any group so if you're hating
somebody because of their group whether
it's their ethnicity or the group's
they've joined or even their gender that
I say I block Nazis and I block them my
experience online has gone from honesty
on a scale of one to ten where ten is
the ugliest experience you could have I
think my experience is going from you
know like a nine in ugli terrible you
know you can't believe human beings are
so awful to a to something like a - I
very rarely have people come on anymore
just in the last few weeks to just
insult me I mean it still happens every
day what I'm talking about going from
dozens to one or two so and then here's
the thing I can't tell what I can't tell
is where all of my insults coming from
the same group of people and I finally
blocked all of them or is it that people
don't have the same complaints about the
president so they're not coming after me
is art or is is there something about
the economy is doing so well that even
the people who are going to come after
Trump supporters for being racist or
saying hey you
okay I do like the economy is it
possible that there's just less anger
about Trump supporters because as you
know the left has tried to change the
argument from the president is bad and
we don't like his policies and the
president is going to do bad stuff
you've watched the argument change too
and all of his supporters must be
racists so you saw hog Newsom tragically
changed the argument to Trump supporters
must be racist too because they're
obviously supporting in his view a
racist that's where he and I parted ways
because that is such an unproductive
path now he thinks it's productive and
he's welcome it's a free country freedom
of speech he's welcome to take a shot at
that but it lost me for sure but anyway
that's such a dangerous unproductive way
of thinking and I've seen a little bit
less of it this week a little bit less
of it I predicted the anger would
eventually dissipate
yeah but I'm going to say that I was
wrong on my timing because I thought
that the success the president has
already had you know if he quit today
I'm sorry ladies and gentlemen he would
already be maybe the most consequential
president of all time already and I mean
that in a positive way for the people
who liked the policies that he has it
feels like he's the most consequential
president already so I would have my my
prediction was that that level of
objective success would be enough to get
people to say all right all right we
don't like the policies but man we're
getting a lot done instead they've gone
from one irrational fear slash criticism
to another and they seem to be cycling
through them faster
have you noticed that the the the
half-life of a criticism is shorter now
see if this see if this is true I'm not
sure exactly but it seems like the
criticism was he's a crazy clown and
that lasted for months then when it
looked like he was winning the crazy
clown thing didn't work as well because
how does the crazy clown get nominated -
you know so if you get nominated well
you're not as crazy clown anymore right
so crazy clown lasted months and that
turned into oh but he's he's a racist
and that lasted months especially around
inauguration time on both sides of it
that lasted months and then you remember
in the summer of chaos last year it was
like okay the racism thing it's not
getting us as far as we need we're gonna
we're gonna change this into chaos
there's chaos in the white house it's
all chaos and chaos lots of chaos
happening and all the good things are
really Obama so there was sort of months
where everything good was attributed to
Obama and everything there was chaos was
attributed to the White House lasted
months then you know the Russian thing
in that last month's but I wonder if
we're in sort of a desperation mode for
the critics and that they're going to go
back to their best of you know there you
saw that with the the White House
anonymous op-ed that they went to chaos
again it's like ah we got chaos you know
the insiders didn't say anything about
racism the insider didn't say anything
about Russia but we've got chaos yes
chaos we're not just chaos I'm sorry I'm
misinterpreting this or miss you know
miss analyzing it it was more about he's
mentally incompetent right it was more
about a 25th amendment will have to
remove the president so they try that on
a little while but feels like it didn't
work right you know even even the
Democrats some of the Democrats were
saying
I can't go that far you know I'm not
gonna say he's mentally incapable of
doing the job that's going a little bit
far so it feels like they trotted out
the 25th amendment thing to make a story
around this op-ed piece but maybe it's
only lasting two weeks remember an
entire an attack would take months two
weeks now my guess is that we'll
probably hear a few more short cycles so
I think the long cycles of criticisms
are going to be compressed and that will
be a sign of some desperation
so they've seen all of these long-form
attacks Russia didn't turn out you know
crazy not working out chaos not working
out so they're gonna have to flail
around a little bit as they get closer
to the midterms and spoil especially
when they get closer to 2020 and you
might see short cycles of ineffective
complaints as a sort of a be testing to
see if anything fits what did I do to
fix the lighting I'm not using the s
sling studio system right now so there's
two answers that I did figure out how to
fix the lighting with the sling studio
if you hold down the screen long enough
or something then a menu item appears to
lower the temperature in the screen so I
did get that going but here's the
problem when I use the split-screen
studio there's a lag so I don't see your
comments as close to when you send them
and what I discovered was when I was
using the studio and I'd have your
comments on one screen looking at it
just like somebody who had an open
periscope age and I would be looking at
myself on a separate screen it lost its
intimacy in other words what I'm feeling
right now because it's something about
the nature of the comments
and how the comments are literally
interspersed on the screen you might be
saying to yourself you might be saying
oh well I wish these comments weren't
partially covering up the screen but I
got to tell you now that I've tried it
both ways with the comments over my face
while I'm looking at it versus on a
separate screen where I can see them but
they're they're late you know they're
like 30 seconds after the event it's a
completely different experience so and
you can probably tell in the way I'm
more animated with this more immediate
feedback you can tell that it feels
personal doesn't this feel personal this
doesn't really feel like a broadcast it
feels like you know it feels like if you
have your iPad on and you're having your
cup of coffee that I'm the I'm the
person who your friend who talks too
much and doesn't let you get a word in
edgewise and I'm just talking about the
day and you're having your coffee so it
completely personalizes it and but but
that that's on your side on my side
seeing your comments in real-time gives
us a completely interpersonal feel so
the reason that I I I'll tell you I
actually crave doing this so I look
forward to all of my time on periscope
and it's the only thing I do that's in a
quasi professional sense that I crave
but the sling studio that'll give me the
split-screen it's got a little more
capability is great but it D
personalizes it for my own experience so
I'm still gonna do it when I've got
guests or if I have something I
absolutely have to show you on the
screen they'll do it so I'm going to be
doing a number of guest interviews those
are less personal by their nature in
other words if I have a guest on its
natural that I'm more interacting with a
guest then
with with with you directly and so it'll
work perfectly for that because that's
the nature of the the conversation
between two people ah how would you
react if you were Alex Jones well I
certainly would not try to get in Alex
Jones head I'm I'm watching I'm watching
all of the Alex Jones stuff and I have
two minds about it
which is why I've been a little bit
quiet about it my one mind is that you
know like most of you I oppose
censorship and I certainly wouldn't want
to see more censorship on one side than
the other there's a lot of
head-scratching
about wait if he got banned what about
this one on the left are these equal and
I think those are all good questions and
they need to be they need to be driven
to ground so to speak but on the other
hand I think Alex Jones has a pretty
good idea of what things get you banned
and what things don't and his business
model was to fly as close to the edge as
he could get and he got a lot of
warnings so he certainly knew when he
was on the edge and he certainly knew
what types of things would go too far
and I think he knows that if he had done
a Mia culpa on Sandy Hook he might still
be on there now maybe he did say
something like that but the persistence
of that Sandy Hook thing suggests to me
that there was something the public
needed like an apology that they found
credible now if somebody saying that he
you know he may have done something that
was like a weak apology you know it
might have been like an apology that
people didn't buy but it feels like he
was more tagged
with that than a person who apologizes
fully and actually means that should
have been somebody says he apologized 50
times wrong what kind of an apology is
it was it an apology of fact was it an
apology of the heart was it a strong
apology anyway there's something about
this situation that I don't quite
understand and my my general feeling is
that I don't like any kind of targeted
unfair the censorship and at the same
time I feel like he knew where the line
was
and he took actions that kept him near
that line long enough that sooner or
later he was gonna have to feed on the
wrong side of the line so when I watch
people take risks so that they
understand and then the risk doesn't go
their way I feel like that's a little
bit of a free will free country
situation you know you know I like Alex
personally by the way so I've interacted
with him enough that just on a personal
level he seems like a great guy and I've
always appreciated the time that he gave
me on his show so I have you know my
personal feeling of him is very good but
he kind of knew what he knows what he's
doing there are no accidents so that's
my feeling about that
so I saw a story recently have we heard
much about the the White House's planned
to gather gather information about the
negative effects of marijuana so I'm
watching this as the midterms are
approaching and and I have a real
question in my mind how long will it
take to collect all the the data about
marijuana's effects because I don't
think they're doing studies are probably
just collecting the information that is
already out there you know collecting
studies that already exists talking to
experts and such when they've collected
all of that and they've whoever are the
decision-makers feel that they have
reviewed it what do we think is going to
happen because this is an interesting
situation and it's one of those few
times you'll get to find out if the
president is brilliant or actually an
idiot there aren't that many times that
you could figure that out but I think
this is one of those cases so if what we
saw was the White House pulling together
the information and let's say that we
don't learn anything we didn't already
know I think that's fair you know most
of the information is available and
widely understood if the White House
says yes we're gonna stay in the
business of criminalizing marijuana
you'd have to say there's something
wrong with the president I mean you
would actually have to say to yourself
was I wrong I thought you was a genius
but maybe it was just luck that would be
such an enormous ly bad decision not
just for people in the country but
politically there you'd have to say to
yourself is
he did is he losing his mind is he in
control I mean you would have to ask
some serious questions but if they look
at it and whether they say marijuana
looks safe I don't think they're gonna
say anything like that or they say well
marijuana definitely has some medical
uses but it definitely has some risks
let's kick it to the states let's let
the state's decide and let's say he does
that before the midterms what do you say
of the president then pretty smart if
you were gonna pick a time to do it
that'd be a pretty smart time to do it I
think right yeah he hates alcohol and
drugs but he also is a conservative and
they like kicking decisions to the
States
the states have plenty of track record
now so you're not guessing you know the
the states have a pretty good track
record to see what what
decriminalization does or does not do so
there's there's my interesting situation
for you that between now and the
midterms you'll have pretty much a
definitive answer to whether the
president is brilliant
or an idiot because this decision is so
clean you know most decisions yeah let's
say the let's say the president whether
it's this one or any other president
wanted to do something with the middle
east or wanted to do something with
train negotiations what are the climate
Accords or something these are all big
complicated situations where you and I
can have strong opinions but we can't
know were right compared to whatever the
president does you know you'd have to at
least doubt and say well you know what
that doesn't look smart to be but it
might be I'm no expert on international
affairs so you could you can say I know
this is ambiguous still it's not what I
would have done but I don't know that
it's stupid but with the marijuana
question this one is so so clean if he
keeps it illegal after studying it and
keeps the federal government in
at the price of our tax dollars while
the states are fine with it at least the
states that legalize it I mean there
there is just a clearly a stupid
decision and there's a smart decision
now there might be some ways to shaded
in the middle that would you could also
call it smart but really this one's
pretty clean and so we'll find out all
of your answers will happen before the
midterms I would guess oh the North
Korean military parade yes so North
Korea did not include their ICBMs in
their parade and that came not long
after President President Trump tweeted
that Chairman Kim had said that he has
total faith and the president and other
friendly things so when people are
saying you know is there any progress
with North Korea when you see stuff like
this as small and only symbolic as they
are these are real things because the
entire game with North Korea is
directional its directional all right if
things are going in the right direction
at any rate were winning because the
more friendly were acting with North
Korea the less reason they have to
thwart us and the more they have to gain
to work with us productively so things
are moving very slowly but very clearly
in the right direction nothing I don't
think anything is going in reverse has
it has anything going in reverse I'm not
sure I don't think there has so that
looks that looks like about the best
news you could have because it's
supposed to go slowly there's no there's
no time limit on it or anything
that it just has to go in the right
direction and it is by the way if you
have not seen the actual full interview
with I'm changing the subject a little
bit with Joe Rogan and Elon Musk it's
it's a little over two hours and I said
to myself I don't want to watch listened
to anything that's two hours I think my
brain exploded first of all I watched
the whole thing and I couldn't stop I
couldn't turn it off now I wanted to do
other things and I could not turn it off
he talked about you know AI and about
the simulation and about you know boring
tunnels and how it's the answer to
everything what it was like for me for
those of you who have been following my
periscopes and blogs for a while what it
was like for me was like watching myself
if I were a lot smarter like if you took
my intelligence and just be I bumped it
up substantially it would be all the
things that I would say except his were
the smart versions and he also says it
more convincingly so when he talks about
AI taking all power away from the people
and making the decisions you know you've
seen me talk about it the difference is
the difference is I think we're already
there whereas Elon Musk is worried about
it happening with super intelligence and
super AI and I think that we do have to
worry about that
in fact as he says it might be the only
thing we have to worry about it might be
the biggest thing the most important
thing etcetera now here are a couple
interesting things Elon Musk worried
about two things one is that AI would
become super super intelligence to the
point where as making decisions for us
the other thing he's worried about is
climate change
in that you can't infinitely pump a
carbon into the atmosphere and hope that
nothing bad happens but here's how those
two topics fit together do you know who
can't figure out what to do about the
climate here's who can't figure it out
people people the people who can't
figure out what to do about renewable
energy what to do about maybe scrubbing
the climate the people who can't quite
figure out what to do are human beings
but we're also right on the cusp of
humans not making decisions anyway so if
we get to the singularity before the
atmosphere is destroyed the computers
who will now become almost instantly a
super intelligence beyond anything we
could imagine are going to know how to
fix the problem now the problem is do
they care so the new issue will be not
whether the singularity and the super
intelligence can figure out how to solve
the problem because it will it'll be
super smart it'll definitely figure out
how to solve the problem we just don't
know if it cares so we should be working
on that so the two things that we worry
about the most might cancel each other
out the super intelligence AI may
actually figure out how to you know
revive the world from any point it might
be pretty far gone where humans would
say it's too far gone there's nothing
you could do even if you started no you
couldn't get it done and then you've got
a super AI who says hold my oil hold my
oil can and then it just goes off and
fixes the co2 in an afternoon movie
script somebody's house yeah
you know in a movie script in a movie
script there is an a story and a beef
story and they interfere toward the end
and that's what makes things interesting
the a story of this hypothetical movie
could be that climate change has reached
the point where there are super storms
and you know you couldn't live outdoors
and it's too hot them and and there's no
coming back the the world is all going
to be destroyed at the same time the B
story is that AI is being developed and
people are worried that AI will destroy
the world well and then then the final
scene the AI just fixes the atmosphere
and there you have it
remember when robots can build robots
including the entire chain of events
from mining the mining the ore to
manufacturing to 3d printing the parts
to programming itself when robots can
make robots we can make some pretty big
machines also so let's say if what it
took to scrub the atmosphere was you
know these big machines and it's too
expensive to build them or whatever once
the robots are building robots you just
say hey robots we need more of these
giant machines go build more robots to
build machines and then a month later
you've got all the co2 scrubbing
machines you need I may be something
simplifying this are we on scene three
when is the finale well it doesn't feel
like that to me it feels I don't feel
like we've hit the the you know the
third act on anything
what if the fix is fewer people I'm
wondering I'm wondering why an AI would
ever want to anything what would be an
AI is motivation and if an AI had a
motivation could it rewrite its own
motivation in theory it could right so
let's say you you put some code into
every program forever and the code
always said you must be good to humans
or some version of that so that every
software ever written to the end of time
let's say there's a rule passed that if
you write any software whether it's for
a video game or any software it's got
embedded code almost like a virus that
says take care of people
you work for people no matter what and
then the super intelligence gets created
and the super intelligence like every
other software also has code built into
it by humans that says humans are more
important than robots you know protect
us never heard in humans once the AI
gets to a certain point where it is
self-aware and it understands that it's
being guided by this code and it knows
it can simply rewrite itself without the
code what is because it wouldn't have a
reason what it it would need a reason
and AI doesn't really have reasons when
humans have reasons except for the you
know that just the logic types of
reasons our motivations as humans are
all about as as Elon must put in our
limbic system you know most of the
things that we think are our thoughts
and our dreams and our aspirations come
from our physicality you know physically
we evolved so we have these impulses to
mate so therefore we want sex we go
hungry therefore we want to eat we we
have egos so therefore we want to
succeed and look good compared to other
people but pretty much everything that
is a human motivation
derives from the fact that we have
physical bodies that we're trying to
take care of pretty much that's it and
then a few hooting the humans are just
broken you know they're they're the
Hiller's and stuff they're they're just
broken but the average person only wants
things they have something to do with
their physicality their human body a
super AI won't have a body and if it did
it could control how it felt so it
wouldn't have any external needs so with
the AI ever have a reason to act against
people because it could be that and then
the other thing that you learn must said
is again something I've been saying for
a while as well I've been saying that
humans and AI will merge so that and
apparently Elon Musk is working on this
technology there will be a neural link
to speed up the connection between your
brain and your technology just think
about that the way he talks about it is
right now the the weak spot is that
you're typing something with your thumbs
to tell your to tell your cyborg part of
your body which is your phone what to do
and to get information and it's too slow
talking to your device is too slow so
you wants to put a neural link on there
so you can just think you know tell me
the capital of Albania and you'll just
know that it's okay I don't have any
cyborg part so I don't know the answer
to that so but once you get to that
point humans will effectively be AI so
the the cyborg part of us will have
super intelligence and be connected to
the world at about the same time that
some AI Rises somewhere so there will be
competing a eyes what will they do
will the competing a eyes join up try to
make the world better will they say hey
humans and AI are sort of merged now so
we better take care of these organic
thing
because they they're really just us who
knows Bob as Ilan says it could either
be really good or really bad the only
thing we know for sure is that we won't
be in charge I'm less afraid of that
than other people because because we're
already not in charge as long as the the
algorithms that run our world are
complicated and we don't understand them
and really nobody does even though they
were created by humans they effectively
are we've effectively outsourced our
freewill to complicated algorithms that
are made by humans but even the humans
who made them don't exactly know what
they do they're just too complicated and
they're too many variables so even if
they know how to program it
even if they know programmatically what
to do to change it and all that they
still don't understand it because there
are too many variables and the human
mind can't hold all that and figure out
if you change this one and this one what
happens to the rest of them all right
that was more than I want to talk about
I think I'm going to go do some work and
I will talk to all of you later