[Applause]
hey everybody
well then go on in you found the right
place the best place for the best part
of the day yeah
yeah you know I don't know how the rest
of your day is gonna go but there's one
thing I can guarantee this part of your
day
perfect and isn't it good to start off
the day perfectly and all you need to
keep it going
yes a cup our mug our glass a tanker
chalasis tying a canteen jacket a flask
a vessel of any kind filling with your
favorite liquid I like coffee and join
me now for the unparalleled pleasure the
dopamine hit of the day the thing that
makes everything better you know all the
things that are all better as soon as
you take the simultaneous if it happens
now go mmm well how would you like to
have your mind blown blown here it comes
I asked this question on Twitter just
moments ago still waiting for the answer
and it looks like this here's the
mind-blowing question think of any time
in the past there was a presidential
election in the United States and the
winner was not any time the winner was
not the candidate who looks like he
could beat up the other candidate in a
fair fight
physical fight blows your mind right
well let's take a look would you imagine
in a fair fight that Trump could have
beaten Hillary Clinton probably right
would you imagine that in a fair fight
Reagan could have beat Carter yeah
probably probably
do you think Kennedy could have beaten
Nixon in a fair fight
kinda looks like it how about Bill
Clinton could he have beat on a bush
senior in a fair fight probably all
right you want to you want to you want
the best one how about George Bush the
the younger and Al Gore who would win a
fair fight Al Gore or George Bush the
younger it would be a tie it would have
to be decided by the Supreme Court think
about it uh-huh oh do you think do you
think Romney could beat Obama in a fair
fight I don't know I think Obama was
also a special case I think the country
was ready for Obama so even if you find
the exception the even the exception
might tell you something I don't think
there's anything funnier than watching
Bill Maher hate the side he's on because
if you've been watching Bill Maher so
he's he's no fan of Trump and he's no
fan of you know right-wing or
conservative ideology but he also
frickin hates the on his own
side he doesn't say it quite as clearly
as that but in context it looks like he
just hates being on the side that's
canceling people for just about
everything he was complaining about it
last night on his show and he was
talking about the mayor of I don't know
Minneapolis or something I forget where
who he's talking about
he goes and white people need to stop
trying to cancel other white people
whose heart was in the right place but
didn't get it exactly right on the first
try
so he's talking about the ridiculousness
of his own side which I could not enjoy
more there's something missing in my
room here that's weird
I might have to take a break here yes I
will hold up don't go anywhere I'm
almost back no seriously I'm coming back
alright um so that's funny anyway isn't
it weird how the the two movies that I
call them the left and the right I'm
gonna characterize them this way just
because I think is funny the people on
the left to think that the people on the
right are a bunch of racists and that
basically explains everything right
there on you know may be unscientific
but mostly mostly the left thinks the
right is a bunch of racists and that
that's just sort of explains everything
but here's the funny thing the people on
the right they are not aware that they
are racist because they probably aren't
they probably aren't meaning that at
least in terms of their conscious
thoughts and their conscious actions
they have no idea what the left is
talking about now of course every group
has some racists in it you know over a
racist and I'm sure the right and the
left both have their share but isn't it
weird that the movie that they see you
don't know you're in you're like PAH
apparently I'm surrounded by racists but
why don't I ever see it why don't we
know it
but here's the funny part what the right
sees is that the left is hypnotized by
the fake news is that not your dominant
belief about the left now you're also
thinking lots of other things you're
thinking oh
foreign influence and you might be
thinking George Soros is giving people
money and China is interfering and
Russia's colluding and you know you're
thinking there's lots of stuff going on
and you're thinking that maybe the maybe
the left was you know brainwashed in a
certain way in college if they went to
college but does this seem as though the
breakdown is now the left thinks the
writer racists and the right thinks that
the left only believes that because
they've been hypnotized brainwashed
essentially by fake news and by you know
the educational system is that is that a
fair breakdown and it's the weirdest
thing because you can't even have a
conversation with somebody who is
hallucinating so here by analogy it
would be this it would be it would be
people are hallucinating that you're I
don't know that you're really a a
werewolf or something and you're saying
I don't know how to defend myself from
the accusation of being a werewolf cause
I'm not a werewolf if I were a werewolf
I'd have something I could work with I'd
say you know we werewolves are not all
that bad you have to see our good side
yeah we got some rough edges but
werewolves you know we have our pluses -
oh for example we fight vampires I
understand so I don't know if we've ever
had a situation where the two different
movies are a hallucination of what the
other movie is that's new let me give
you some positive positive encouraging
thoughts about the future so here's
something you're thinking to yourself oh
no there's a slippery slope these
protesters are just going to you know
destroy more businesses and destroy more
public stuff until until it's all gone
what would be a counter force that could
make that happen and it's funny it's
always the same counter force
there is so much in society that gets we
think it's up to us like you and I think
okay you know we we've got this
disagreement so you and I are gonna work
that out and then you and I fight and
the people on your side fight and then I
fight and then my people fight with your
side and you think that's what the fight
is only to find out that it's always
settled the same way there's an
insurance company somewhere who said you
know I'm not gonna cover that and that
it's over insurance companies basically
run the world
you don't think insurance companies
around the world tried to do something
that can't get insured see how that goes
trying to drive your car without
insurance try to get a mortgage and tell
your bank you know I don't think I want
insurance on my house yeah I won't be
able to pay you back if it burns down or
something but you know I think I don't
want insurance no you don't have a
choice you gotta get insurance and now
we're watching this Seattle you know the
occupied zone or the autonomous zone
whatever they like to call it and
because there was a ruling that
apparently the the business owners who
have been displaced by the protesters
they could actually sue the city now if
you could get sued what's your only
protection insurance insurance yeah if
there's a risk of being sued and it's
sort of built into your business process
the only way you can protect yourself is
insurance who's going to insure a mayor
who won't protect their own City how do
you how do you get insurance if you're
not even going to try to protect your
own assets
would somebody protect would would
anybody give you insurance for let's say
homeowners insurance if you insisted on
having no doors and windows on your
house you say look I just want a
windowless doorless house yeah any
burglar could come and go and I don't
have any security but I still want
insurance how about some insurance and
the insurance company will say sorry we
only get
insurance people have doors and windows
that's up to us there's no
constitutional right to your insurance
it's just risk management so the the
hilarious part about the occupation of
Seattle is that it'll be sorta done by
insurance companies because in the end
we all have to do with the insurance
companies tell us to do now is it that's
one of it's one of the biggest red pills
in the world when you realize that all
of your battles are irrelevant because
it's just gonna be decided by the
insurance company doesn't matter what
you and I think and of course the
insurance company paired with the legal
system that that makes it expensive to
do the wrong thing all right Mary Trump
has a book coming out is that the
president's niece I guess so his
brother's daughter and I saw a big
article on it in the Washington Post it
was all the headlines and social media
and I was like oh man it looks like Mary
trumps you know damning book about the
president has just come out and then I
read the headlines and the book isn't
even out the Washington Post is
masturbating so furiously over the
possibility of this book being damning
that they've already started writing
feature articles guessing what's in it
did I make that up nope they just wrote
a feature article in The Washington Post
in which they're guessing what kinds of
things she might say have we reached a
whole new level of ridiculousness and so
here's the setup so Mary Trump
apparently there was some dispute about
her inheritance at some point so she's
mad at the family so that part seems to
be established she's got a you know
she's got some reason to be angry at the
family in general and maybe president
Trump in particular well she wrote a
book about him so yes it's obvious but
here's the fun part
she's a clinical psychologist
what the thing that has the Washington
Post is salivating and others I'm sure
is that how good would it be
finally it's their Holy Grail what could
they want more than a trained clinical
psychologist who has spent a lot of time
personally with the president right
because the thing they always lack is
when you know somebody goes on TV and
they say I've never met the president
but he's clearly schizophrenic paranoid
narcissist and then somebody will say
remind me about you or your professional
ethics in the psych psychiatry business
are you supposed to diagnose people you
have never met and then they'll
say well not normally but the risks are
so high that I thought I'd do it this
time
and then you say ah we don't want to
listen to you anymore if you can't even
follow your own journalistic integrity
or your own professional integrity you
know so those stories kind of come and
go but what if somebody knew him
personally and for years had been in the
same room so all of the family dynamics
and was a trained clinical psychologist
may I do my impression of Dale finding
out that there's a trained clinical
psychologist who hates the president and
spent a lot of time with him so when she
speaks she can speak intelligently Dale
did you hear that news and scene that
was Dale enjoying the news that Mary
Williams or Mary Trump as a book come
you Mary Williams is somebody a new
years ago and though in my 20s actually
so Mark Cuban made the smartest
political play maybe I've ever seen in
my whole life
and if you mess
that it's really it's one for the ages
now if you asked him I don't think he
would admit that this was a strategy and
I'm not sure you could call it a
strategy so let me just let me describe
the situation and then you tell me what
you would call this what I call it is
somebody who's good at chess
figuratively speaking good his strategy
good at good at business good as sort of
seeing the whole picture so that's
that's Mark Cuban and he came out with
this tweet I think it was yesterday I
because he's a Biden supporter and of
course the obvious question is Mark
Cuban you see him pretty smart why don't
you see what we're seeing with Joe Biden
that his mental condition is not say
100% and of course Marquez defended him
as being perfectly capable of doing the
job and that maybe Trump has some some
issues there but he he kind of did the
the final clever play then I talked
about finding free money on the on the
ground and he found this free money that
I don't think anybody else would have
seen it was like invisible free money
that only he could see but then once he
sees it and he tells you about it you go
oh my god now I can see it and it goes
like this he tweets that he would be
perfectly okay if randomly selected so
that they're not in anybody's pocket
randomly selected experts could do a
psychological evaluation on both Biden
and Trump now think about that now if
you weren't thinking strategically or
any other way you'd say oh that's just a
tweet it's just a tweet supporting his
person yeah you know Biden will take a
test if Chum takes the test if you see
it on the surfaces there's not much
there right but think you through think
you through now in all likelihood that
will never happen right but by raising
the question of Biden and a
psychological test you kinda
think it might be more likely to happen
don't you and wouldn't you actually like
to see a psychological evaluation by
independent people of both Biden and
Trump wouldn't you I would I'd like to
see that and and let me tell you I don't
care where the where it comes out if it
came out that Biden was perfectly
perfectly capable and Trump was not
according to actually experts that I
found credible I would take that to mean
something I would take that to mean
something like that would influence my
opinion and it should influence yours if
you say it wouldn't you know maybe
because you don't trust the experts but
let's say hypothetically you did
wouldn't that change your mind now I
don't think it would come out that way I
think Trump would do pretty well I think
Biden would have some problems but what
if I'm wrong
right where none of us are so smart that
you could be sure about any of this
stuff because we can be easily fooled by
confirmation bias and you know just
rooting for your team etc so by Mark
Cuban just putting it out there how
about testing both of them because I
don't know anybody said that before and
it's very provocative because it's him
people pay attention because it's Mark
Cuban so so now that's out there now
here's the brilliant part suppose it
happened I suppose it happened now you
would expect that Biden might have some
issues and it might be a factor in him
being changed out before the election
wouldn't you say that's reasonable a lot
of people are talking about the
possibility the Biden will be switched
out close to election day so that's not
really a big surprising thing it's
possible but here's the other part
that's really fun
Mark Cuban just by being in the public
and talking about these things his
profile and his name are being
associated with the run for the
presidency at the same time he's
spending nothing camp
nothing mark cubit is not running for
president efficiently and he spent
nothing campaigning for president and
running for president is really
expensive hundreds of millions of
dollars if you happen to be a
billionaire he spent nothing and I would
say that with that one move just by you
saying hey let's test them both he put
himself in the top five of potential
replacements for Biden because remember
he's Pro Biden so he doesn't have a
negative connotation on the left and if
you were to pick one person in the world
who could actually reliably I think beat
Trump probably be him because he could
pick up Republican votes
you could pick up independence and the
people on the Left would just say we
don't care it's just not Trump all right
so you did so Democrats would just be
automatic because they say you're not
Trump can you confirm your name is not
Donald Trump all right we're on your
team
so it doesn't matter what the Democrats
think of them they're still gonna vote
for him because he I don't think he has
anything negative that that would you
know get him cancelled by the left you
know of course when he was a young man
he had some fun that all that stuff
comes up nobody cares nobody cares what
she did 20 years ago frankly the same
with Trump now so here's the thing so
the correct question is would Camila not
be the more likely choice if Biden
faltered or were a place before Election
Day and I would say she would be yes
Camila would be the first choice but I
think Cubans in the top five isn't he
just think about it
somebody says Cuban can't run and I
don't know if that's true is that a
question about being on the on the
ballot this is a question about being on
the ballot so if that's the case well
that would be interesting but what
happens if the Democrats candidate drops
out before Election Day does that mean
there's nobody who can run
because I don't know that Kamala Harris
no I guess how would that work let's say
somebody answer this question for me
now if kabbala Harris became the
replacement for Biden before Election
Day since she had previously announced
and she was going to run for president
maybe the paperwork's all done so that
she didn't have any paperwork problem is
that true I don't know if that's true
but what about let's say they picked a
mayor so let's say Biden picks a mayor
for his vice-president Biden is replaced
could the mayor who had not already long
ago filled out the paperwork to run for
the top spot is it too late is it too
late I don't know so that's the question
somebody who knows what they're talking
about which would not be me find out if
somebody could run for president at the
last minute as long as the Democrats
wanted that to be their candidate so let
me know how that works yeah and I know
that the delegates the delegates might
want Bernie etc and so I'm not saying
that I'm not saying we'd know for sure
who the person who would I'm saying that
Cuban put himself in the top five for
the conversation at least the
possibility he's in the top five to be a
replacement for Biden and he hasn't
spent a penny that's all I'm saying so
on a risk-management level this is so
smart it was just one of the best plays
I've ever seen now it probably won't pay
off because the you know he just would
be one of five people considered Biden
still has to actually drop out blah blah
blah so there's a lot that could go
wrong but to put yourself in the top
five for a contention without spending a
penny this close to election day I don't
know would anybody else have seen that
play that's all I'm saying I did a
little a Twitter poll in which I asked
people if a computer told you in other
words there's no human voice
a computer that calls you on your phone
and says how do you want to vote for in
the upcoming election would you admit
that you were gonna vote for Trump if
you were a trump supporter so that was
the question I posed on Twitter now it's
a Twitter poll so of course it's not you
know dependable like a regular poll but
I wanted to see if anybody would say it
because it could have been you know that
Trump supporters might say screw you
Scott we're not afraid of saying who we
support so I didn't know how it would
come out so it came out that so 45% of
the people said they wouldn't answer so
you know nearly half of the people in my
unscientific Twitter poll said that if
they were contacted by an actual
scientific poll that they wouldn't
answer now 45% of the people wouldn't
answer you know you've got a trouble
collecting a good enough sample but you
could still do it still do it but
suppose so if those who who answered
they add up to 55% uh so of the 55% who
would give an answer now these are the
percentages I'm sorry I'm confusing you
with the percentages so let me just give
them to you straight forty-five percent
said they wouldn't answer at all thirty
seven percent said yes they'd say they
were going to vote for Trump and
remember these are only people answering
this poll who already said they would
vote for Trump so 37 percent said they
would admit it
only 37% would admit it to a computer
they're not even talking to a real
person they're talking to a computer and
only 37 percent of the people who follow
me on Twitter who are also Trump
supporters who also answered answer this
poll said that they would admit it and
18 percent in my little unscientific
poll said that they would lie and say
Biden's now remember the 18 percent is
is only 18 percent of the total people
but only 37 percent said they would say
Trump
and 18% would also answer said they
would say Biden so you should really
look at 18 being half of 37 roughly so
roughly let me do my math better here
roughly one-third of the people who
would answer would lie 1/3 can you
believe that
1/3 of the people in my unscientific so
you shouldn't take this too seriously
poll said they would lie and actually
say Biden no be careful because I have
primed my Twitter my Twitter following
is not like any other you know generic
group of people there they're pretty
self selected and they've been primed
for this prank so it would be a higher
number and my presumably in my group but
let me ask you this as unscientific as
this was deeply deeply biased and
unscientific does it not still does it
not still show you that there's a fairly
massive problem with people being honest
on these polls I feel as if it's
indicating there's a problem like a
bigger problem than ever before and let
me put it in in starker terms I don't
think in 2020 it would be smart to
answer a poll honestly if you were a
trump supporter because there might be a
day keep this in mind if the Democrats
win they've said they've said directly
that they're coming after Trump
supporters have you not heard that have
you not heard people on the left the
team that could win that they would
actually come after supporters and there
would be in theory some database even
though a computer made the call
somewhere there's a database of this
phone number had these responses so you
could kind of piece it together would
you want to be on list when you knew
people were going to be using the list
to hunt you down and make you pay now
probably that what will happen
but it feels kind of scary and people
people respond to the risk as much as
they respond to reality so I was
thinking that the worst was behind us in
terms of the economy and coronavirus and
and maybe even the protests were losing
a little steam and I was thinking you
know finally are we getting past that
2020 has been pretty rough I feel like
we're behind it and then I saw the
headline that says Tennessee police
warned of flushing drugs that could
create hyper aggressive alligators so
apparently if you flush your meth down
the toilet it can get into the water
supply and then your alligators will be
on meth and we'll be living in a world
with hyper-aggressive meth alligators
now you might say to yourself I don't
want to live in any kind of a world with
hyper-aggressive meth soaked alligators
that doesn't sound good but you know I
don't like to admit this I don't like to
say this in public but I'm gonna do it
anyway if we don't get any
hyper-aggressive alligators I'm gonna be
a little disappointed not proud of that
I'm not proud of that but if we got no
hyper-aggressive alligators none not a
single hyper aggressive alligator I
don't know if I'd be okay with that we
live in a world where damn it I need
some hyper aggressive meth meth tup
alligators because I don't know about
you but it's getting harder and harder
to watch the regular news the political
news if I watch one more black man being
killed by police on video I think I'm
gonna shoot myself well I could
definitely watch the news about some
hyper aggressive meth alligators I could
watch that all day long there is a new
story end of town in Florida hyper
aggressive alligators have attacked Main
Street for fatalities now I'd say to
myself nobody's happy about fatalities
you can't be happy about that I feel
sorry for the families but I could watch
a few more of these stories about
hyper-aggressive alligators I'm not a
good person apparently apparently
there's something deeply wrong with me
but I could just watch more
hyper-aggressive alligators that's all
I'm just all I'm saying
you know I've told you about my game
that I play when I see a name trending
on Twitter if you see a celebrity's name
you play the game Kovac canceled or dead
so you say to yourself oh why is this
person's name trending and before you
know the answer before you click on it
you say all right do they have kovat are
they canceled or are they dead and so
this morning I saw a jackdaw Sabich
trending on Twitter and I was like oh no
poor jack what is it and you know is he
is it Kovac is he canceled is he dead
well he's still alive and he's not
canceled days well no more canceled than
any conservative would be and we don't
know anything about covent but the story
is that he attended without a disguise
and without any security he attended the
antov rally right in the middle of it at
emancipation memorial last night and as
you might imagine he was recognized so
he was recognized by some a little
anti-fur guy who and well he was he was
well disguised so imagine they let's say
a fire hydrant with red goggles so just
so you have the visual the fire hydrant
it's got this got a little hat on with a
hood and red goggles and it's yelling at
Jack Posada who towers above it in
height but the the little fire hydrants
remember and getting in Jack's face and
it looked like I don't know look like
maybe somebody threw water at him and
they were all
crowding around and getting in them and
there's lots of video of it it's really
fun to watch because I don't think
you've ever seen anybody in so much
physical danger who didn't seem to be
bothered by it so you have to watch this
thing it's it's kind of fun to watch
because he's surrounded by really angry
and violent people who any moment are
getting ready to you know attack him and
the right in his face and they're all
over him and they're jostling him and
the Eddie's just and he's just sort of
looking at him like alright alright yeah
who's next and he gets he gets escorted
out made news I don't believe any other
national reporter got anywhere near the
the center of the other thing but you
know there were a lot of cameras
watching the entire event so you've got
some views from different places and it
looks like it looks like Jack was
willing to take one for the team if you
know what I mean it looks like he was
willing to take the punch now I don't
think he was asking for a punch because
that looks different yeah you've seen
you've seen the anti found people were
just asking to get punched you know
they're getting in the cops faces and
stuff it was nothing like that
he was simply asserting his right to
stand there in public think about it
just think about that Jack the Sabich is
trending today just think about this
this is like a pretty massive thought
he's trending on Twitter and he's a
national story because he had the
temerity to simply stand there in a
public place and just and just have a
different opinion than the other people
were there that's it he wasn't
assaulting anybody he wasn't he wasn't
wasn't doing anything offensive
whatsoever he was simply asserting his
right I mean obviously I don't know what
he was thinking internally but in terms
of you know physically what was
happening as an observers perspective
not his internal thoughts which are only
his own
he asserted his right for a lot of the
people who are watching this he went
right into the middle of it and asserted
his right to be there in a public place
peacefully now if he had been punched
would the conversation have changed I
think it might have I think it might
have so I really appreciated what Jack
did because I think you know all of us
have to sort of make sure that we're
pushing the envelope a little bit
because otherwise the walls are gonna
close in as the left likes to say they
would like to squeeze any Trump
supporting or conservative opinions into
nothingness and the only way that that
doesn't happen is that there are some
people who are willing to risk taking a
punch if you don't go that far the the
wall will just keep closing in so
yesterday Jack took a stand for freedom
I would say again who knows what his
internal thought process was but in
terms of what it meant to me what it
meant to me is that he stood there and
said all right
we've reached we've reached the point
where you either have to punch me or
shut the up because that's where we
are now right you throw the punch
because there are a lot of people who
are gonna watch this punch
if it happens now to their credit the
protesters did not throw you know any
kind of a let's say a hospitalization
kind of a punch but there was enough of
an assault collectively there was enough
of an assault that I guess the police
have been informed and there may be some
illegal action which would be completely
appropriate now let me ask you this if
there's a civil lawsuit which I imagine
there could be I don't know that there
will be but there could be and let's say
that that fireplug with the red goggles
is identified
already on Twitter you can see his name
and picture but I would not say that's
necessarily the right guy yet so I would
caution you that although he has the the
assailant or a alleged assailant has
been identified on Twitter you give that
a couple of days you know you don't want
to get a false false identification so
just give that a couple of days to make
sure that we're talking about the right
person but suppose he got sued and lost
does that guy ever get insurance again
who would ever give insurance to the the
fireplug with the glasses I don't know
I'm not sure if insurance matters in his
case but that's going on alright so I
have been trying also to stretch my
boundaries of free speech and I've said
there's this weird thing going on where
some of us are actually slightly getting
more free speech at the moment because
of the weirdness of things so while most
of you are giving less of free speech
you know if you if you stick your head
up you're going to get cancelled and
that's that's a real risk and I don't
recommend you do it if you are a
civilian let me say that again if you're
a civilian meaning you're not in it
professionally and you're not doing this
in public the way I am I would consider
myself a professional in this context
but if you're not a professional you
might want to keep your head down you
might want to keep your head down
because it's not safe for you but there
are some few of us who are professionals
who are actually weirdly getting a
little extra space and the reason we're
giving a little extra space is that
people don't want to engage with that's
because the experts are too dangerous it
would be too hard to cancel me at this
point because I'm too vocal and I don't
think people want to hear what I have to
say but let me give you some examples of
where I'm stretching my rights of free
speech so a couple days ago I did this
tweet which I already told you about but
I want to just give you an update on it
I said that quote white privilege is a
racist term in my opinion
anyone who uses it is either racist an
idiot or an but I then I went on
to say that rich privilege is a thing
obviously now that got close to 10,000
retweets alright so if you get that many
retweets it means that a lot of people
not only agree with it in fact there
were almost 28,000 likes now for my
account that's about 10 times more than
a than a viral tweet so based on the
size of my Twitter account if I get a
thousand retweets on a tweet I consider
that one one of the bigger ones you know
that's a thousand for me is a lot rarely
although lately has happened more I'll
break mm what is rare this tweet had
almost 10,000 retweets
so that means it is massively agreeable
to people there they're putting
themselves behind it and I actually said
that white privilege is a racist term
10,000 people retweeted that so this
clearly people are not only agreeing
with it but they're willing to say it in
public all right the the willing to say
it in public is the interesting part and
I didn't get cancelled for that because
and simply because it's obvious that
white privilege as a term is a racist
term if you actually get into the
conversation it's gonna go my way
because it's a racist term it's not even
a hard argument to make right which has
nothing to do with whether you know
African American people are
discriminated against and there's legacy
of slavery at all that it has nothing to
do with those questions just by itself
white privilege is obviously a racist
term it minimizes white people so that
didn't get me cancelled so I thought
well I'm gonna have to push this a
little bit further
so yesterday I tweeted this they said if
I ever find a baby trapped at the bottom
of a dry well I'm not going to help
until I know whether or not the legacy
of slavery had a role
if yes I'll help if it's just an unlucky
white baby it's on its own and then I
said am i doing this right now you can
see what I've done is I've simply taken
the point of view of black lives matter
and I've taken the point of view that if
if you had a legacy of slavery that's a
special condition which generates in
their view of the world special
privileges and or payments reparations
and or accommodations maybe there are a
compensation for that that evil and that
wrongness now nobody of course disagrees
that slavery was the the ultimate sin
you know the ultimate evil
you know except maybe the Holocaust was
worse but it's still in that category of
ultimate evil so everybody agrees on
that and here's the thing it doesn't
make a lick of sense so it's the most
dominant agreed-upon thing even by both
sides I would say both the right and
left are both under the opinion that
slavery had a ripple effect of course it
did how could it not really had a ripple
effect through time and that it affects
people today but here's the thing that
nobody wants to say out loud who
cares why does that matter now when I
say who cares let me be very clear I do
care about the people of course black
lives matter of course
so I care about all people but that's my
point
I'm left of this do you get that I'm
left of the left on this black lives
matter says we need to do something
about people who were that let's say
victims of slavery as it rippled through
the generations
and I say how about we extend that how
about we say that you're not left enough
how
but I say there's something very selfish
about that because you're excluding
let's say for example a
filipino-american who's not doing well
you're excluding for example an Hispanic
American who is just not doing well it's
not their fault they they were born into
a bad circumstance you're excluding a
Chinese American again I'm just using
these phrases as they're all Americans
so in my example they're all Americans
one way or another but why why do they
not get help because they have a
different reason that they're in bad
shape does the baby have any
responsibility for what the parents did
that got the baby in this poverty
situation no no so if you're trying to
carve out a special class a victim there
is no rational logical or moral support
for it and we've all just swallowed this
big fat lie because we've been
beaten into submission because we know
we'll be cancelled if we push back all
right black lives matter is way too far
right for me way too far right because
left to them is you help everybody who's
in trouble left of black lives matter is
where I am
remember I told you I'm left at Bernie
well I'm probably not left at Bernie of
this one
if Bernie thinks that only poor black
people need help because there's
circumstances I will eat my chair I will
eat my chair if Bernie Sanders doesn't
say some version of what I'm saying
which is no black lives matter your your
issues are a hundred percent valid there
are lots of people who need help or
black and there are reasons we can
identify which are certainly factors not
they're not the only factors but they're
factors but are you telling me the
Hispanic kid who didn't do anything
wrong was just born into a bad situation
that's it they were just born into a bad
situation and you
give them any help how is that right so
how did i do on this tweet so this one
got 388 retweets 388 compared to the
other one which i thought was about
about white privilege being racist which
got 10,000 retweets
so their bait they're both pushing
pushing the envelope of what I'm allowed
to say without getting cancelled but one
of them only got 388 retweets and the
other one got 10,000 what it tells you
is that the one who only got 388 Tweety
retweets is too dangerous it was
actually safer to say that white
privilege is a racist term apparently
than it was safe to say that all babies
who are in a bad shape should be helped
think about that think about the fact
that people are afraid to say you should
help a baby regardless of how it got in
trouble it's amazing I mean it's amazing
so I think that tells you that's sort of
the the edge of where people are
comfortable with their freedom of speech
but not me I'm gonna push a little
further as I did yesterday I want to
hear what I did yesterday and I'm gonna
extend it a little bit today I made the
following tweet and which is 8 points
that I I claim everyone and follows
these steps to success does well now
when you make a public statement like
everyone for the benefit of people who
are very particular impendent it never
means everyone so if you ever see if you
ever hear me use the word everyone does
this just in your head translated - oh
he means most of the time or you know
it's generally that way it never means
everyone okay but I say it to be
provocative everyone who follows these
steps to success as well
so listen to these steps see if you
agree number one focus on useful
education I put any useful you know fine
find an educational path
that by its nature is useful so maybe
not be a art historian for example maybe
be a mechanic so it doesn't have to be
regular school just useful education
number two stay on illegal trouble
number three stay away from drugs number
four don't become a parent too soon
everybody knows what too soon is right
before your economically the set number
five build the talent stack so put
together talents that make you useful
number six be useful to others and this
has to do with reciprocity if you are
seen as being useful to other people in
a variety of ways everybody wants to be
with you
they want to marry you they want to be
your friend they want to hire you they
want to buy your goods so being useful
to others in a overt way amazingly
powerful for success number seven favors
systems over goals you all know what I'm
talking about right it's not good enough
to have a goal you need a you need
systems that can get you ready for a
variety of goals I write about that in
my book had it failed almost everything
is so ending number eight learned the
basics of risk management and here I
mean learn that diversifying your stock
portfolio makes more sense than buying
one stock learn that you might have to
try ten startups before one of them
works learn that if you're making an
investment with other people's money
it's better than using your own very
basic things yet people don't know them
until they're taught so there are a lot
of basic things about risk management
that people don't know that it's easy to
imagine well wouldn't they know that
just common sense and the answer is no
no diversification as a concept isn't
common sense until you hear it the first
time and then you say oh okay I get that
so it's not hard stuff so here's my
provocative thought of the day if you
want to measure racism I would say that
the only way to measure it or the best
way you can't really ever be sure you're
measuring it perfectly would be to
compare the people who follow the AIDS
steps
in different groups so rather than
saying you know just all the people look
the same or in this group compared to
the people some visual way you know
their their melanin is the same over
here that kind of comparison just feels
useless all the time to me it just feels
like somebody's trying to cause trouble
when they compare people unjust well
these are black and these are white how
they do it feels like you're just asking
for trouble how about if you compared
the people who use the same strategy
because I think everything on this list
is available to everybody you know
everybody could have a useful education
now I know it's gonna be harder in you
know if your school systems of mass
etcetera but there are you know I think
that when let's say colleges look at
that they actually factor it I think
they take into consideration that you
were from a bad school but let's say
you're an african-american student so
they're gonna say well you know I think
we're gonna give this this person the
chance so I think everybody could get an
education and if they can't well that's
what you effects that's where you focus
so I'd like to see the the in comes the
people who did all the right steps
compared to the other people in any
other group
you know white Asian or whatever who
also did all any steps if you compare
the people who use the right strategies
to each other then what's left might
indeed be racism and it could be a big
deal and I'd like to know what that is
because if if that still exists for
people who do everything right wouldn't
you like to know that I mean seriously
wouldn't you like to know that that
everybody who did the right steps did
well now I see some provocative people
here asking about IQ and I know what
you're gonna say you're gonna say hey
isn't it just that IQ is predictive and
the answer is not really in the way that
you think is it's a popular thing on the
right
say well isn't it just all like you and
you know and the answer is not really
because IQ is highly influenceable for
example did you know that IQs have been
ripped have been going up for decades
well how is that possible how could I
Q's go up for decades if IQ is just sort
of baked into your DNA it's not like
we're evolving are we evolving that
quickly I don't think so so there is
something about the environment that
operates with whatever your natural
capability is that is very important so
I don't think uh let me extend this
further I've said to you that you should
think of your brain to include your body
because when I let's say when I'm
cycling through ideas for jokes for
example I feel them in my body like I
laugh or whatever and that's part of my
mental process so I think of my brain in
my body as one unit likewise I think you
could extend that that your brain and
your body and your physical surroundings
are all part of your brain or your IQ if
you will for example if you spend time
in dirty dingy poorly lighted areas how
good is your brain you've probably
experienced this right you go to a
well-lit happy bright place where
there's no trouble and no no physical
risk nothing to worry about how well
does your brain operate pretty well you
got it you don't have a problem in the
world
I got light I feel good I've had a good
meal my brain is good now take you five
minutes later my dog is to sleep barking
if you hear some weird sounds from there
now take you same person and put you in
a just a really bad environment it's
depressing it's scary you've got anxiety
you've got stress how does your brain
work is it good just as good is when you
were in that other situation now because
you should think of your brain and your
body and your physical surroundings
you're a thinking machine those are not
the same machines somebody says nonsense
about light and neatness whoever says
that that's nonsense you've never had a
creative job I can tell anybody who has
a creative job will tell you I think a
hundred percent of us will agree that
your physical surroundings and and how
you manage your physical surroundings
just completely change your attitude
yesterday I was having a bad day and I
was just so depressed and my energy was
just in the basement
I couldn't even work out I just I just
wasn't happy and I said to myself how
long have I been in this dark house
because I don't have good light in my
house I thought what would happen if I
just got on my bike and took a ride I
walk outside into my garage get on my
bike pull it out of the garage the light
hits me and my my attitude changed like
that my entire mental structure just
went boom to complete happiness in five
seconds of changing my environment it
was actually that quick and I and I
realized it at the time so here's what
I'm saying I don't think that IQ is as
accurate as you think but here's my
other provocative example for those of
you who are watching let's say there are
two groups this piece of paper
represents any one group let's say
they're left-handed elbow nians and the
bottom of the paper is the the lowest IQ
of any of them and then you know here's
the highest IQ if any of them at the top
of the paper and then they're then
they're being compared to let's say
right-handed elbow nians so we'll
imagine there are such people and the
right-handed elbow nians have a few more
geniuses you know here's a piece of
paper held nothing so you can see the
one is a little bit higher than the
other but not much to 3% let's say 2% so
two percent more geniuses and maybe 2%
fewer people who need you know let's say
long-term
mental healthcare but if you look at
these two pieces of paper even those
that there's a real difference between
the left-handed elbow nians and the
right hand it almost all the people who
have regular jobs are the same in other
words the only differences that are at
the top and the bottom now the people at
the bottom are all the people who can't
hold jobs in the first place do you
compare those to the rest of the people
you know if some people are literally
mentally handicapped are you just
throwing them in the mix and saying oh
you know throw them in that doesn't make
sense
you can't count them that's a special
category and what about the the geniuses
at the top I have bad news for you
you're not one of them yeah and you know
what neither am I so what does it mean
to you that there exists in one group at
the very top some really smart geniuses
and the other group doesn't have as many
of them in that category what does that
mean to you
nothing nothing you're not in that
category it's such a small group of
people they're literally irrelevant to
anything you could just throw that group
out of the any-any conversation because
they're freaks they're freaks the people
who are in that top like crazy 1% who
invent everything that matters they're
not you well what are you gonna take
credit for that because you're you're
have some DNA in common how does that
help you invent stuff nothing doesn't
help you a bit so the fact that there is
some statistical difference between two
groups is so close to irrelevant that I
don't think it belongs in the
conversation it just doesn't you know
the fact that you might luckily be in a
group that has a few extra geniuses if
if you're not one of them it doesn't
matter it doesn't help you a bit all
right
here's something that should get me
canceled let's talk about black
privilege am i cancelled yet can you
hear me
are you still there yes I'm going to
talk about black privilege the things
that black people can enjoy now
obviously there are huge disadvantages
the black lives matter people will give
you a list you've all heard the list I
do not question anything on their list
so it's not about that
I'm just saying shouldn't we have a
complete picture is there anything wrong
with that to have a complete picture so
we'll see how far I can move the
envelope here because I'm not going to
say anything offensive nor anything that
anybody disagrees with I think and I
think you'll agree that this belongs in
that there's a real useful reason to
include this all right here's some black
advantages do black people have
advantages in college admissions I think
the answer is yes right now unless
that's changed but my understanding is
that black people have an advantage in
college admissions what about college
scholarships would you have an advantage
if you are poor in black versus poor and
anything else and I think the answer is
yes right now again please fact check
this if any this is wrong
it's not I'm not saying it with any bad
intentions you know and wait for my
point before before you comment how
about this do black people have an
advantage in getting a job at a big
corporation so a big corporation that
would have diversity preferences if you
were a black candidate and you have you
know the qualifications and there are
lots of other candidates are do you have
an advantage that works for you and the
answer is yes and it's a big one it's
like really big
it's like guaranteed you're gonna get
the job big it's not statistically well
you've got a two percent greater chance
no you got the job if you don't know
that I'm glad I could tell you
so if you're black and you're watching
this periscope did you not know that
that if you work hard in in your in your
school that your odds of getting into
college are basically a hundred percent
you know as long as you've got good good
enough grades 100 percent and odds of
getting a scholarship if you're poor and
black really really good odds of getting
a job after college at a really good
corporation let's say an apple a Google
Facebook why don't you know a really
good job
do you have an advantage yeah it's
pretty much locked in if you have the
right major if you have the right major
and you're black yeah you can work at
Google if you want to yeah if you want
to but if you have good grades and
you're white can you necessarily work at
Google well obviously a lot of people do
but not just because you want to I mean
you've got to be you know in a very
small select group to get a job at a
company that's doing that well so that's
an advantage here's one that you would
not expect but I assert this to be true
mentoring if you ask
now the fus part is the important part
of this mentoring if you ask and I'll
tell you my personal story of
discrimination and racism too to make
this point so because I'm a public
figure and I talk about success at
cetera I'm often contacted by people who
would like advice or mentoring when I
say often I mean literally every day so
every day I'm contacted big people who
say can we get together can I talk to
you can we have a phone call you know
would you answer some questions in
center it's just an ongoing stream of
those requests now how many of them come
from generic white men most of them most
of them maybe 95%
of the people who would reach out who
don't know me already and just reach out
and say hey can I get some help some
advice and 95% of them white men now why
is that probably because I'm a white man
yeah everybody feels more comfortable
talking to somebody just like them why
would women not reach out for advice
from me well maybe they think been don't
have the right kind of advice maybe
women just a more comfortable talking to
other women they don't want to look like
they're you know interested in you so
they don't want to make that kind of a
contact who knows but here's the here's
the net result of it all right when a
woman contacts me for mentoring they
just once
answer to a question pointed in the
right direction that sort of thing or a
black man or a woman contacts me for
mentoring they go right to the top of
the the top of the pile every time now
am i discriminating is that racist of me
yes totally completely racist it is
completely racist that I prioritize
black people who contact me higher than
white people now it has something to do
with the fact that I can feel the
unfairness of it and I'm responding to
that right there's a deep unfairness
that white people do have a bit of a
monopoly on sort of just knowing how
things work because they're more of them
who have succeeded just as a as a gross
number and if you're in the in the world
where people are succeeding you're just
seeing how things work so white people
are just more naturally on average
exposed to good mentoring and advice
just by living those around other people
who have advice and they say hey Bob
give me some advices right there if
you're coming from like let's say a
situation where there was more poverty
or or you're just locked into your own
social network and it just isn't you
know it isn't as let's say deep as you
wanted to and you want to get some other
mentoring from some generic white people
such as myself if you contact me and
you're you're black you go right to the
top of the
list now I don't normally admit this but
I'm in in the interest of deepening the
conversation all admit it to you now
I absolutely discriminate in favor of
black people always have always have is
this isn't something new
I just want to told you before same with
women if women contact me are more
likely to give them advice same reason
now I and by the way I don't defend this
if you're saying to me if you're saying
to me
but Scott that's inconsistent because
why wouldn't you just give advice to
anybody who asks for and the answer is I
can't defend it I don't defend it I'm
somebody in the comments is saying am I
the only black person in here you might
be you might be no actually you would be
surprised that the the number of black
folks following me on Twitter is is
really is really going up lately and I
hope for the right reasons
here's another advantage all right so
just to put a point on that if you're
black and you don't know this white
people are more likely to help you than
they are to help white people let me
give you the red pill of red pills for
for the one black ok I've saved some
other some other some black emoji hands
going up so great to have you here so
let me let me say this if you didn't
know it this is a big red film you think
that white people are are cruel or I
know uncaring or mean or whatever to
black people you're probably right
here's the part you didn't know white
people are terrible to white people did
you know that did you know that white
people are absolutely terrible to other
white people all the time
of course we need a reason I mean if you
do something that makes me want to treat
you terrible I'll do that how about if
there's a choice between something good
happens for you and something good
happens for me
well I might choose me because you're
all
allowed to do that Oh looking at looking
at all the all of my black followers
were weighing in that's really good to
see that it's good to see it all right
so here's another advantage of being
black free speech you don't argue you
there's no way you're gonna argue with
me on this black people have free speech
in this country white people do not I
don't want to hear any argument on that
if you don't know that's true I mean
really no that's true you haven't been
paying attention for a long time black
people have freedom of speech and I'm
happy for it I would say women have
freedom of speech in general but white
men not so much not so much we don't
have freedom of speech not completely
and then of course there's always that
the weapon which is if you're black or
you're a woman you always have a weapon
to use against white men which is any
accusation because accusations are all
taken seriously and and the accusation
alone or the risk of it as a weapon so
even if you have no intention of being
that kind of person and you say to
yourself yeah I know I could use that if
I if I wanted to but that's that's not
my deal you know I'm about just earning
my own stuff I'm not about you know
trying to use some weird legal thing
just because I can get away with it but
the fact that it just exists as a weapon
does modify other people's behavior
believe me so it does give you a little
extra that you might not be aware of now
that said and let me BookBook end this
by saying I'm not I'm not saying that
black people have a better deal than
white people in this country I'm uh
saying that I'm just saying let's have
the full conversation let's talk about
what's good being white what's good
being black is there anything that needs
to be done about it can we just be
honest can
can can the white public treat black
people with respect for the first time
maybe for the first time because in my
view treating anybody with respect it
means you're gonna be honest with them
even if it's a little bit hard to hear
if you can't do that let's not pretend
we're we're showing respect respect is
you can say what you're thinking but you
don't have bad intentions now I think
one of the reasons I can get away with
more than you can and this is a pretty
important lesson on communication people
will hear what they think you intend to
say they'll never hear what you say they
can only hear what you intend to say
based on their understanding of your
intentions and your motivations I've
tried to create a public record that is
unambiguous that I have good intentions
how much would I like black people to be
more successful in the United States a
lot because it's good for me too how's
that not good for me right of course I
want everybody who is poor to do better
because if everybody's poor does better
well then I sell things there are more
people with more money who buy things
how is that not good for me of course I
have good intentions it would be crazy
not to because the self-interest is the
same direction
all right different topic let's talk
about tick-tock the Chinese government
spy app I call it hotep Jesus was
tweeting yesterday that he's you noticed
that iOS 14 I guess that's the new iOS
the Bey that detects tick-tock was
reading data from user clipboards and
then he goes on and says iOS 14 as a
feature which notifies users of this
kind of behavior so apparently the
operating system is looking for spyware
if you will and it found something tick
tock and tick tock says they will stop
the practice well tick-tock why did you
start the practice what was it you were
doing that made you need to know
the data on a user's clipboard can you
give us any valid reason why that code
existed in the first place so tick-tock
has to go that can't be in the future
that just can't be an app in the United
States is too dangerous here's something
fun so Akira the Don dropped his album
which is if you're new to this this will
sound like the worst idea in the world
when you first hear it when you actually
listen to it it might feel like the best
idea in the world
so keep in mind that how it sounds like
just when it's described to you as a
concept doesn't sound good at all but
you should see the comments and the
reviews that this is getting so Akira
the Don produced some music in which he
he's combined the audio clips from some
of my periscopes I think mostly the one
about the user interface for reality and
he uses my voice and he he does some
minor modifications to it just to clean
up the audio and he puts a musical track
below it and I gotta tell ya it's really
really good all right yeah and he did it
with a Jordan Peterson and he's done it
with I think he did it wasn't evolved
but he did it with some other people who
have the same characteristic which is
they talk about philosophical things in
public now so Akira has invented this
concept and it is really fresh like it
feels like a new form of art completely
and it's better than the old forms of
art I actually like it better than any
any popular music that's playing today
so now I may be biased because I'm part
of it
Oh for a full disclosure I'm not part of
it financially so some people ask me
Scott are you making a profit from this
because I've been praised again so much
the answer is No
I'm not I'm not going to ask for any
obviously so if you wanted to find it
you would google my name and the user
interface for reality and you'd look for
none Spotify and Apple music but there's
a fun thing on here and it's by Akira
the dog a K I RA so if you google any of
those little pop-up you can also see it
in my Twitter feed here's the fun part
there's a hook on there something that
is my voice making a statement that
repeats a part of it and here's the fun
part it's one of those audio illusions
it's when somebody says it's just your
ego now I thought that until I saw the
comments because the first thing
obviously would be oh it's just because
I'm involved that's why I think it's
good that that's the obvious thing that
I thought about myself as well
so I actually asked the Kira when I
first heard it I had to actually ask him
are other people having the reaction I
am and he confirmed it and then I and
then I checked the comments myself and
yeah it's people or people are loving it
that is objectively true you can check
yourself so there's this one statement
that sounded to me like if nobody works
and it repeats if nobody works if nobody
works and and I heard it the first time
that when I listened to it I thought you
know that's weird because I don't
remember ever saying that sentence it's
it's such a unique sentence and I
thought why you know why is it that I
would not remember that and it's clearly
me talking and then I saw the I saw a
tweet in which the actual words were in
text and it did not say if nobody works
what it did say is it feels like it
works now do those sound the same to you
I will say both sentences see how
different they are if nobody works
compared to it feels like it works
you would never mistake those two
am i right you would never mistake them
but like the Laurel and Yanni example
the audio thing when I when I didn't
know what it was going to be and I heard
it I heard it as clearly as you could
hear a word if nobody works listen to it
over and over again it was always the
same once I read it I went back and said
how can it sound like that when it
really says it feels like it works so I
listen to it again and it's very clearly
it feels like it works
clear as day and then I said to myself
what what's going on here and then I did
this experiment I played I repeated in
my head the phrase the wrong phrase if
nobody works and then I listen to it
again and it is just as clearly obvious
that when I'm repeating the priming
statement in my head it sounds exactly
like it and that I can change it in real
time I just can't okay change the
recording in my head too it feels like
it works and the audio changes in real
time instantly to a completely different
sentence while you're listening to it
rock freaky now I I tweeted this but I
made a hypnotist mistake which made it
not work for most of you I think a few a
number of people said they also could
could hear the phenomenon but here's
what I did wrong I primed you by giving
you the correct one first it feels like
it works if you're primed by that it's
hard to get out of it because it's
actually the correct one but if you're
primed by the wrong one as I was
accidentally then you can hear both so
if I had set it up right and primed you
right you would hear both so try that at
home
all right and I tweeted it if you want
to find it in my Twitter feed let me
give you an update on some of the
Twitter twitter or business so you know
that carpe Noctem was
temporarily locked out of his account
for DMCA takedown notices and a little
more information on that
so DMCA takedown there's a website you
can go to and you can claim that
somebody on some platform is using your
copyrighted material without permission
now here's the bad part of the process
the process is automatic meaning that
Twitter doesn't have a choice if if the
DMCA process is followed even if it's a
legitimate even if you just say uh my
name is Paul McCartney and I'd like them
to take my song down you could make up
anything and the process just doesn't
check it it just says well okay we got a
complaint so we've got to take this down
now normally that would apply to only
the material not the person who put it
there
so that would not cause their account to
be locked but apparently Twitter has a
three-and-out rule which carpet was not
aware of and I've never seen either I've
not seen it in writing
were any of you aware that if you
received three DMCA takedown notices
that your account would be locked did
you know that how would you know that
how in the world would you know that all
right now actually some people say yes I
don't know if you're answering that
question though but here's my point if
somebody it makes perfect sense to me
that Twitter would block somebody who
intentionally used copyrighted material
three times in a row I actually agree
with that don't you because if somebody
took my let's say they took the Dilbert
cartoon and just started publishing it
in Twitter every day well I might
complain once or I might ask them to
stop doing that you know this first the
first thing you do is just ask so the
first thing I'd do is say hey you know
I'd like people to go to Dilbert calm
because it's advertising support it
would you mind not putting this on
Twitter most of the time that works if
they continue to just help
list my cartoon in competition with me
by the third time they did it and had it
taken down would I be mad that Twitter
said RA you're just a bad user you know
you're not gonna follow even by the laws
of the United States maybe you don't
belong on Twitter
would I be concerned about that not that
much because that's somebody who
violated a rule that should be a rule
they did it three times in a row they're
not going to stop okay so but what about
carpe dunked him he produces parodies a
parody is protected a parody could be a
matter of opinion meaning that if it
goes to court you don't really know
which way it goes necessarily so you've
got this big gray area where Twitter is
being put in the position of being a
stand-in or a proxy for the for the
court because only the court can decide
did Karp a dunk them do something wrong
do you know do you do you know if he did
something wrong if he took somebody
else's video made an obvious parody you
know by changing it in ways that are
clearly apparent he is that against the
law is that against the law I don't know
do you know who else doesn't know
Twitter it's not their job they're not
the court in fact nobody knows until it
runs through the court system so there
is something very broken about this
process that karpay dunk them can be
taken down just because somebody
complained without any without any
without any let's say confirmation that
anything was done wrong right don't you
have to establish that something was
done wrong before your block from
Twitter especially if being on Twitter
is your primary occupation as it is for
carp a in a sense so I would say that
that process is completely broken and
that Twitter should get out of the
business of being the court they should
just get out of the business
if parody is even on the table
they gotta let it go I say I say they
have to let it go if they need to block
the content that's another conversation
because they might need to block the
content until it goes to the core system
but blocking the person blocking the
person who may have who has let's say
there's no there's no verified evidence
that the person did anything wrong
blocking the protesters wrong let me let
me state on carrion categorically that's
a Twitter mistake that just needs to be
fixed now I think they are looking at it
actually so my my information is that
Twitter is aware of this as being a
problem that Twitter needs to fix so we
hope that they do but it hasn't happened
yet that I know of
now let's talk about Rahim Kassim who
also got blocked on Twitter he had a
video that showed the time of death of
somebody so it was the moment of death
captured on video and of course your
first thought is wait a minute don't we
see that all the time on Twitter haven't
you seen people at the moment of death
like in the last month a bunch of times
I mean George Floyd I mean all of the
George Floyd videos are at the moment of
death so why would Rahim Kaseem be
singled out for having a moment of death
video that he just tweeted it wasn't his
video it was just it was just the tweet
and the answer is that the family had
asked it to be removed so apparently the
rule is if the family asks for something
to be removed then Twitter will act on
it in the George Floyd case the family
did not ask because that I think yeah at
a larger political benefit so they
wanted that up there
now do I disagree that Twitter should
take down a video with a showing
somebody's death if the family requests
it I do not disagree with that I think
that's perfectly perfectly reasonable
rule that they should take that down but
again
why would you block the person but why
would you block the user just block the
content the content is the problem did
do you think that Rahim Kassim wants to
hurt somebody's family I mean I don't
know I I don't know I haven't read his
mind so I don't know what's in there but
I gotta say that blocking people instead
of content there's just no way that that
that needs to be a long-term solution
but here's a little red pill for you a
lot of people are going to parlor or
parlay I don't know how you pronounce it
parlor sort of a alternate Twitter if
you will but here here's what you gotta
run into the parlour rules you know
they're the rules for users are gonna be
the same it's gonna end up very similar
so the trouble is that did I said that I
say go see him instead of Kasab did I
pronounce his name wrong somebody's
saying I pronounce his name wrong
probably did somebody says parlor is a
trap
well the trouble is that if you go to
parlor you're gonna be all alone with
conservatives what's the point did you
want a conservative platform I know you
just be talking to yourself so I don't
think parlor will ever be a competitor
in the sense that both points of view
are presented because people on the Left
will just stay with Twitter why wouldn't
they and you can't really get rid of
your Twitter if you're you know if it
has any value to you at all
business-wise you can't really get rid
of it you know I would I would have no
intention of ever not being on Twitter
it's too important but in the long run
parlor is gonna have exactly the same
DMCA problems are going to have the same
moment of death problems it's going to
end up being exactly like Twitter in the
long run and I think people will figure
that in maybe not exactly but there's
gonna be a lot of the same issues all
right the thing people would not
SPECT is the if there's any algorithmic
stuff going on at Twitter or there any
human moderators who are being biased in
their decisions you would not have that
on parlour but you'd also be talking to
yourself because you're mostly just
talking to people who agree with you so
I don't know if he gained anything but
you know I always appreciate revels so
anybody who is rebellious ly looking at
parlor I'm emotionally on their side I
don't know that they're gonna get the
benefits they want alright let's see
what else we got going I think that's it
we have talked about everything did
anybody do any research on whether the
president who could beat up the other
candidate or the candidate who could
beat up the other candidate usually
becomes president I would like to see
that probably it probably only matters
from from the television age onward you
know because if you don't have
television maybe you don't care so much
about the physicality of it and
certainly if you go back to you know
anybody in a wheelchair it doesn't apply
yeah basement Biden is good good
persuasion all right that's all for now
and I will talk to you all tomorrow