bum bum bum bum bum BA bum bum bum bum
where's Dale Dale
get over here so Eric welcome to coffee
with Scott Adams
featuring no coffee today I've already
had Michael shoot
let's go on so here's why it's a bad day
to be CNN today the first piece of news
the big news is a president Trump has
canceled the North Korean summit here's
what's interesting about that the people
who were on president Trump's side his
backers have been saying for a long time
hey gotta be tough with these North
Koreans gotta be willing to walk away
from the table we expected it might
happen in fact we thought it would
happen and then he walked away from the
table just about there perfect time to
do it
so Trump supporters saw his walking away
from the table as good news a positive
thing meanwhile Trump's detractors were
sure that North Korea was pulling a fast
one that they were flattering him and
they were going to they were going to
lead him on a little bit just to pull
the football away as they have all in
the past so many times and this dumb old
mr. Trump he doesn't see it coming oh my
god he's dumb he's so dumb he just can't
see what they're doing to him and then
he canceled the summit which is exactly
what they wanted because they didn't
believe it was real so I don't know how
often this can happen but he managed
with one act canceling the summit to
please both his biggest critics and his
biggest supporters pretty good trick
right so how does how does CNN and the
traditional critics how did they handle
the fact that he just did exactly what
they thought that what they thought he
should do and also slightly different
reasons but pretty related exactly what
what is proponents think you should do
there's not much to complain about right
but it gets better in the same week that
we saw some big progress with prison
reform which the people have been
calling the president a racist for ever
say whoa that's hard to be against given
that even Democrats like it now it's not
past I guess it went through the went
through the house with a big majority
but we saw we saw Van Johnson being part
of that process we see that it's clearly
you know it's a it's a nice diverse
group exactly like you'd want they're
working towards solutions that just make
sense you know they're not they're not
Democrats solutions they're not
Republican solutions prison reform just
make sense and so he got that done and
then you also saw information about
urban renewal we haven't seen enough
there but the fact that it's in the news
plays against this big old Trump racist
guy and then we saw today President
Trump
approved the pardon I believe it is of
Joe Jackson Jack Jackson what's his name
let me look on the homepage of see it in
because I'm sure that news is there hmm
hmm I don't see it Jack Johnson okay
yes Jack Johnson sorry so a
african-american boxer who was accused
of taking a white woman across across
state lines and went to prison for that
he's long dead but this was apparently I
guess Sylvester Stallone was behind this
you know raising the idea and this is
something that even President Obama
didn't do and President Trump did it now
how do you how do you swing that so that
the
the Jack Johnson thing looks like it's a
racist thing like that how could you
possibly twist this into a negative what
it doesn't when it's not well let me
call in the expert Dale what do you
think about the pardoning of Jack
Johnson is there anything bad about that
I'm glad you asked because it's obvious
it's pretty obvious you saw the way he
signed the the thing you saw the way you
signed it big letters you know what that
means
narcissist narcissist Thank You Dale
also shut up Dale there's nothing to
dislike about that now there's a there's
a slightly larger picture and you also
saw that the the Reuters poll had
gathered up a cross over the generic
Republican now beats the generic
Democrat in a in a poll which I believe
is probably deeply related to the Kanye
and Candace effect more more Candace I
think I would give her more credit for
being the you know the the intellectual
spark they caused all this there does
seem to be a big movement if it if it
proves that with other polls a big
movement in which the African immunity
African American community is starting
to like president Trump's production for
them specifically unemployment is good
and you know the other things I
mentioned are moving in at least in the
right direction but here's what I think
is the big big picture maybe
and maybe a turning point I'm probably
getting over my skis a little bit here
because I tend to I skew optimistic so
I'm gonna I'm gonna give you a piece of
optimism that you know is not quite as
certain but it seems to me that when we
had this situation where the president
called ms-13 animals and the entire
world watched as that was first taken
out of context to paint him as a racist
and then slowly because it had - it just
became obvious that's not what he was
talking about that he was talking about
a gang I believe that's the first time
that his critics wait for it saw behind
the curtain right because when the
Charlottesville hoax happened his
critics bought into it completely they
actually the the critics of President
Trump literally believed he was talking
about the actual white supremacist as
good people now anybody anybody who's
listened to anything I've said or who
was not predisposed to think that knows
that he was talking about both sides of
the statue question yes there are good
people who want the statues taken away
he doesn't agree with him and there are
good people who want to keep the statues
just for you know historical reasons not
because they're racist that's what the
president said but who could hear that
well only the people who already
believed that's that's who he was he
that he would not say that such as me
when he was asked later can you explain
these comments are you saying white
supremacists are good people he said
clearly and unambiguously now I'm
disavowing that group that's not what I
was talking about
so Charlottesville and many of the other
things such as calling Judge Carrie Ella
Mexican and and talking about rapists
coming coming across the border when his
supporters hear those things
they say things like well he's not
talking about every Mexican and he's
just saying there's too much crime
coming that could not be more obvious
but his haters can't hear that you know
they just hear I think you must think
Mexicans are very rapey and when they
hear them called Judge curial you know
Mexican his supporters hear Mexican
heritage obviously and that is a
legitimate question about bias in a
legal context which is what it was
because you always ask those questions
in the legal context but when we got to
this animals thing this one once it was
put back in context it was a lot more
obvious that the media had tried to
screw him and I think that was the first
time that even his critics could see it
there all those other things were sort
of invisible in their confirmation bias
and you know they just read them the way
they read them but when it got to the
animals part that's the first time they
could see both movies at the same time
they could see why people said he wasn't
saying animals and they could see the
people who thought that he was talking
about him and they could see why they
saw it clearly for the first time so we
could be on the edge of something big in
terms of the way people are thinking
about it now the reason I jumped on this
periscope is I was watching Jake
Tapper's show on CNN just a moment ago
and they were talking about this
so-called gang of eight meeting in which
the Democrats and the Republicans mostly
Republicans in this case we're going to
be put in a room and they were going to
look at some top-secret information and
they were going to get to the next level
about what's happening with Russia and
spies and you name it I don't even I
don't even know what the what they
expect to see in those secret documents
but but
I just saw your comment about Hawk
Newson I'm gonna have him on the on the
show again on the periscope again and
we'll talk about that so so the
criticism on CNN is that the Trump
administration invited their lawyer I
forget his name but it's the lawyer that
is working on the the Russian collusion
stuff and you're not allowed to have a
lawyer in the top secret meeting and
normally you would not invite a lawyer
it's very unusual but here's the thing
the lawyer wasn't there for the
confidential stuff it was never planned
that he would be there it was planned
that he would make some statements kind
of frame things and then leave which is
what he did so yeah it was the flood not
cyclo and yet I watched I don't know
minute after minute of criticism about
the fact that something unusual had
happened which is the lawyer had been
invited even though nobody mentioned any
reason why that's an actual problem that
was the best they had today was that a
lawyer sat in a room let me put this in
context the biggest criticism of the
president today is that the president's
lawyer sat in a room that was the same
room that later on when he wasn't there
they would talk about confidential stuff
that's it somebody just said keep
supporting Israel Scott I don't even
know if that's sarcasm so the the
interest think they oh yeah and you also
saw that Elon Musk is doing a little
startup we think he's serious called
Pravda which is funny there would be
sort of a Yelp for checking the
credibility of journalists and news
organizations now apparently he's been
such a victim of fake news in his
opinion that he's he's sort of sort of
moving sort of moving closer to the
the Trump supporting side of the world
because here's the thing about Elon Musk
I don't care what criticisms you have
about him I don't care what you think he
did or didn't do could have Duncan
didn't better or what he did wrong
I don't care about any of that stuff for
this point here's the point he's really
freaking smart all right like really
smart and he's engineering smart meaning
that he's not going to be as susceptible
to he's gonna say well did my
is the economy going up or down up you
know so I think he's gonna look at the
details so while we would not expect
Elon Musk to support any of the
provocative things that President Trump
says I think it's a fact that he notices
some things that are important heading
in the right direction there's no way he
could miss that now I was thinking of
sarcasm which I just mentioned a moment
ago
I keep getting comments on Twitter and
it's more in the last few weeks than any
time I could remember in which people
can't tell sarcasm from a real point and
I'm not mocking those people because I
can't tell anymore
and I mean that completely seriously and
it's not I'm not using hyperbole to make
some bigger point I can't tell anymore
when people are joking because things
are so crazy and our worlds are still so
separate that somebody could be mocking
the other team by just mimicking their
style and I'll look at it and it'll go
well yeah that's a ridiculous thing to
say but I can't tell if you're mocking
the ridiculous people or are you one of
them I actually can't tell some of you
know I got busted for for forwarding
some satire some
parody from Comey so it was not it was
satire of BALCO me so I was writing that
somebody was doing in a humorous sense
you know as if he wrote it in his book
and I couldn't tell the difference
I really couldn't that's why I forwarded
it I thought it was well he probably did
say this the sounds just like him and I
recently did a few tweets in which I
used sarcasm and I got some replies that
I couldn't tell if they could tell I
don't know all right um
go on Howard Stern and Duke it out I
don't know why I would I'm just looking
at your comments right now somebody said
that Trump and musk are the same person
with different hair I've called I've
called all the people who came out of
the so called PayPal mafia I think
they're either all of them or most of
them are master persuaders because they
can all operate on that same level and
it's just a level above other
entrepreneurs you see it fairly
consistently you said you saw with Reid
Hoffman you see it with you see it with
Elon Musk see you with Peter Thiel all
right I think my afternoon periscopes
get more more attention it might be
because more News has broken by then I'm
gonna get off now I've got some other
things to do I just wanted to get on and
if you have a chance today to check out
the CNN it's going to be like a comedy
channel all day long because they're
gonna be trying to criticize them for
all the things that they agree with you
know pardoning Jack Jackson yeah
pardoning Jackson
backing off on North Korea before we get
played
you know prison reform
good economy it's gonna be tough tough
day for CNN so make sure you enjoy some
of that while it's fresh cuz tomorrow
tomorrow it could be another day