I'm gonna switch over to see it in just
to watch us to freak out so the the
reporting that Muller says he did not he
does not exaggerate it but fake news
it's true that Muller did not exonerate
him but it's also true that bar and
Rosenstein did fakeness fake news they
leave out the most important part I just
love their unhappy faces I'm gonna show
you some unhappy faces as they happen
total vindication he says I give him
credit
III give Toobin credit he's he's saying
like it is total vindication let's see
what MSNBC is chattering about I'm
innocent BC the victory lap has begun
they're saying on MSNBC I'm waiting for
the first presidential tweet nothing yet
so I've got the president's a Twitter
account nailed up I'm just waiting it's
gonna be the tweet of the century and
he's probably sitting there thinking oh
this is gonna be a good tweet
all right I think we've heard what we
what we're gonna hear so I'm gonna I'm
gonna give you my take on this as we
know people do not change their mind
just because the data changed so
probably there'll be not a significant
difference in how the and how the public
actually thinks about this
so cuz David doesn't matter but it's
it's a huge embarrassment for CNN and
MSNBC and Washington Post in the New
York Times and BuzzFeed and anybody else
who's been reporting on this
ridiculousness
I honestly I can't stop I can't stop
smiling I'm not gonna say I'm not gonna
say that this is as good as election
night because that was really good
but this is almost as good as election
night and so Chuck Todd Zog Chuck Todd
does he look happy he doesn't seem happy
I don't know why is Chuck Todd not happy
when there's such good news for the
country is that Chuck Todd's happy face
you should be very happy about all the
good news for our president and for our
nation maybe that's just as happy as he
could make so let me refresh here
because I do not want to miss the
president's first tweet on this but let
me let me say this if the way the
president plays this is to underplay it
it would be just the greatest thing so I
think he's gonna on there's a good
chance he might under print out playing
a little bit longer of course he's gonna
hit it pretty hard
you know when it's 2020 but I think
people are expecting him to take a
victory lap I think they're expecting
the president that just grinded in and
here's the question
ask yourself remember he's he's the
showman what if he doesn't what if he
doesn't so far he hasn't you know but
you could argue that was premature so it
made sense both legally and lots of you
know logical ways they would hold back
until he actually had the Lea report but
now he has the report it would still be
frickin genius to just hold back just
not wait and just let the news do it do
it for him because normally when he
tweets he does it to change our
attention right but he doesn't want to
change anybody's attention the whole
point of tweeting is to make you stop
thinking about whatever else it was and
to think about whatever Trump wants you
to think about that's why he tweets do
you think he wants you to stop thinking
about this no he does not
so the worst thing he could do is to
become part of the story by tweeting
he's obviously you know there's the
central part of the story but the tweet
should he should he do one would not
help him it would actually move the
attention where it's so good right now
for him to something that would look
silly and small all right so he's got he
just won the Superbowl
he doesn't want to kick a dog on the way
out so the tweeting at this point would
be sort of like kicking a dog on the way
out after you won the Superbowl yeah
there's just no reason for it so you
know I'm not I'm not providing any good
content here at all but I love the fact
that there are so many of you who just
want to sort of share the moment and
it's great that we have this technology
that we can do that I'm I'm just getting
endless joy
watching your comments goodbye I can't
tell you how much I enjoy just reading
the comments as they're scrolling by
here there they just made me happy now
let us talk about the good news
I mean the good news other than the
president is not a Putin spy there are a
number of things that have gone very
right it is just worth pointing them out
one of the things that went very right
is that Muller's team apparently never
leaked for like two years think about
that Mahler's team as far as I know
maybe maybe there's some minor exception
but they kind of didn't like that which
is amazing so all could all credit to
the professions you did that next the
Muller conclusion appears to be just
good work
so again kudos that I mean maybe we'll
learn something different later but at
the moment it looks like Muller did good
work next let us compliment the
president's legal counsel yeah I know
the names have changed a little bit but
overall they allowed the President to
stay away from a perjury trap and they
got a good result so to the president's
legal team good job let's also say that
the system designed by the the founders
of the country took another stress test
so we had yet another stress test to the
to the Constitution and the Republic the
way it was set up 240 years ago or
whatever and it was a pretty tough test
how did the system do a plus so you know
we have a system where things can be
ugly in the short run but you know in
terms of how it ended up nobody violated
the Constitution the process worked the
way it's supposed to
ultimately the President did allow the
the investigation to continue both the
Democrats and the Republicans are asking
for full disclosure it's all good the
only thing that's bad is the behavior of
the media the press and the behavior of
the Democrats which I think you can say
at this point is beyond despicable so
yeah we're gonna focus on the top-line
stuff and what did the report say and
who wanted who lost so that's where the
focus is gonna be but don't lose sight
of the fact that there were some really
good things that happened here
you know we tested the system and it
held nobody violated the Constitution we
have a president who is not a spy for
for Russia we have a check series of
checks and balances which worked
we had a special counsel who was asked
to solve one of the biggest really
issues in America and that council did a
great job apparently as far as we can
tell did a great job didn't leak took
their time produced a credible report
damn you know what's better than that so
while you could certainly say you didn't
like any part of the you know the
Malheur process you have to say he was
appointed to solve a specific problem
which is the trust of the citizens and
especially in today law get violated and
is the country at risk
those were big questions Muller seems to
have s have answered them all right now
for those people who have been in a
tedious bubble for lo these two years I
wonder how they're processing their
world right now because this is as wrong
as you could ever be and they have to
know that I'm watching MSNBC's
reports they're focusing on the fact
that Muller said that he'd is now
sufficient to establish that the
president committed an obstruction yeah
okay he's actually they're actually
reading bars statement which would be
fair yeah so what now do we make of
clapper and Brennan can they ever go on
TV again as reliable pundits if if
anybody puts either of those guys on TV
again if you ever see anybody put
Brennan or clapper on to simply act as
experts it's time to find a new news
source because let's talk about Roger
stone and now that the president has
been completely cleared do you see any
reason he can't pardon Roger stone now I
don't think he can pardon Manafort
because Manafort did some serious crimes
so you know maybe he waits a little and
thinks about that later I don't think he
could do it right away
but correct me if I'm wrong if the
president wanted to move the news cycle
and I don't think he does like right now
he wants it he's sitting in the pocket
you know that he's he's he's in the zone
the news could not be better for him so
he doesn't want to rock the boat doesn't
want to tweet yeah probably just
guessing strategically you wouldn't want
to doesn't want to change anything
because everything's perfect right now
for the president doesn't want to change
it but if he wanted to he could he could
pardon Roger stone this afternoon and
nobody would give up nobody would care
you know people would jabber about it on
TV but the public would say do what you
need to do right because Roger stone
would probably get just sucked into this
the which have which aren't part
so I don't know if Roger stone deserves
a pardon I don't have an opinion on that
I just know that the president could do
it at this point if he wanted to change
the news cycle which would be unwise at
this moment but he has the option yeah
it Flynn as well right Flynn as well
yeah don't know Moe Manafort is kind of
a special case so you have to look at
that differently so back to my original
point what do the people who believe
this for two years how do they how did
they go on do they change it to another
hoax do they use the fine people hoax do
they use the we need to do the 25th
amendment because the president is crazy
hoax what hoaxes are gonna they gonna
try next you know they're gonna use a
hoax because the news is too positive
so they you know the anti-trump networks
this is interesting the anti-trump
networks have to create bad news about
Trump before they lose their audience
they can't really pivot so a joy read
called Muller of Putin puppet I'll tell
you if the president just lets them keep
saying this stuff they've given up all
credibility at this point oh my my my
will the queue crazy crowd oh can
somebody fill me in is the result that
we're seeing now in anyway something the
queue predicted because he was Pro Trump
so probably anybody Pro Trump predicted
that that there would be no no charges
so I wouldn't call that an accurate
queue prediction if they predicted this
outcome because probably almost
everybody here predicted it you know I'm
guessing that every
watching this said I don't believe the
president did those crimes but I'd be
interested if you had any more of a
detailed prediction so that we could
compare it it would be interesting how
they try the electoral college yeah they
have to try something
so the Southern District of New York
stuff is is that not is there anything
in the Southern District of New York
that we know about other than the stormy
Daniels payments which are a worst case
scenario a fine that's that right we
don't know of anything else I suppose I
think it'd be possible CNN is now
casting doubt on the Muller report when
we go over there and see what that looks
like oh I'm just gonna have to listen to
the CNN report on this all right I just
wanted to share this moment with you
it's it's a tremendous day I mean it
really is a good day is it good for the
system it's good for the country I don't
know what its gonna do for the stock
market tomorrow but I would expect some
buyers what do you think the stock
market is gonna do tomorrow because
wasn't there a gigantic cloud hanging
over the country
I suspect the stock market already
already and I already anticipated no big
deal so probably the stocks won't move
at all
or they'll have a little bump but it
won't last so we'll see who has
predicted indictments but Hugh predicted
indictments of the Democrats right I
don't think they predicted indictments
of any Republicans all right I just want
to go watch the sad faces on CNN and I
will talk to you tomorrow