good morning everybody and welcome to
the highlight of human civilization it's
called coffee with Scott Adams today
it's improved got a new microphone
stand I call my microphone Michelle
don't ask why but if you'd like to take
this up to a new level that nobody can
even understand for this experience all
you need is a or a mug or glass a
tankered chel or Stein a canteen jug or
flask a vessel of any kind fill it with
your favorite liquid I like coffee and
join me now for the unparallel pleasure
the dopamine of of the day the thing
that makes everything better it's called
the simultaneous Sip and it happens now
how's my sound over there on the other
platforms doing
good doing good all
right well you're in for a treat today
wait I haven't done the simultaneous up
go that was extra good because I made
you
wait it's the anticipation really all
right well I've got two themes today
number one places you don't want to
go this is public service and number
two things that Democrats don't know
so it's always better with a theme so
number one on my theme of places you
don't want to go apparently nobody wants
to be fetterman's wife so Senator John
fed's wife Jazelle has reportedly uh
left him she's reporting she's single on
on uh social
media and if there's one lesson we can
take away from this
situation if there's one thing that's
bad for a
marriage it's when a husband can
talk now you know that when a fedan
couldn't talk it looked like their
marriage was pretty solid she was really
supporting him hard but as soon as he
could talk fluently she's like screw
this I'm out of here now this one uh hit
me a little hard because you know my
story where I couldn't speak for three
and a half
years so I did have that little problem
uh
and uh it's really bad for marriages
when you can't speak but apparently it's
even worse when you can you know what I
mean all right another place you don't
want to go is Chicago Wall Street Apes
is reporting on on the xplatform that
the uh Chicago's ninth W Alderman
Anthony Beal is all mad because the the
the immigrants coming in the
migrants I don't know whether I should
call them migrants or immigrants
why is one of them better than the other
I guess I need to figure that out but
anyway they get apparently a voucher for
housing education they get a $9,000
voucher they can drive cars without
licenses and uh the locals think it's a
bad place to be because Chicago already
had a lot of problems you know all the
murder and stuff but now they have uh
extra extra problems because whatever
Social Services they would have had are
being sucked up by the migrants so place
number one no number two don't go to
fed's house as his wife don't go to
Chicago unless you're a migrant and then
it's actually sounds like it's a good
deal next place not to go is Santa
Monica California it has insanely high
crime rates at the moment uh where it
used to be one of the safest places you
could ever be so Mike zich talking about
this today highest uh crime rate so the
Santa Monica is
ruined I'm not sure if there are any
cities in California that are safe to go
to uh or that you'd want to so I think
all the Metro areas in California are
ruined and if you wonder whose fault
that is well they don't have any
Republican power in my state
California so what would it be that
would ruin every single City in the
entire
uh
State it's called Gavin Nome and
Democrats so they'd like to bring that
to the rest of the
country Ju Just think about
that in which every metropolitan area in
the state became unlivable during his
time and people are thinking he'd be a
good president why because there's still
some livable places elsewhere in the
country he can bring his magic to those
places as well stay Santa
Monica um Oregon is declaring a 90-day
state of em emergency to address
Portland's fenadol
issue so finally finally getting some
action you know I I've been complaining
for years since my stepson died from a
fental
overdose that uh serious action needed
to be taken and finally my my dreams
have been uh have come true because
Oregon is taking a 90day state of
emergency good good good you know with
any luck this 90-day state of emergency
fingers crossed I don't want to be too
too
optimistic it could result in a
committee it could could result in a
committee and again I don't want to get
ahead of myself because I've been
disappointed before but if the state of
emergency turns into into a committee
you know that that could turn into wait
for it a
report so we could have a state of
emergency that could lead to a committee
that could lead to a
report finally finally some concrete
action and then what would we do we' I
guess we'd give the report to China and
to the cartels and they would say
something like Whoa before Oregon gave
us this report we thought it was just
perfectly fine to send fenel into the
United States and kill 100,000 people
per year but now that they have a
committee and they've got a report we're
going to stop doing all of that so good
job
Oregon or another way to look at it
is don't go to Oregon Oregon sounds like
a hell hole I wouldn't go anywhere near
Oregon all right so don't go to
fetterman's house don't don't go to
Chicago don't go to Santa Monica don't
go to any city in California and stay
out of Oregon there's still a plenty
places left plenty of places
left uh for example you could go to the
uh rural parts of
California oh wait you can't go to the
rural parts of California because
there's something heading toward us
today called a
pineapple what the hell a pineapple some
kind of explosion or
something that our weather is going to
be so bad that they had to make up a new
name for it they're like we don't have a
name for this what do you want to call
it something with a pineapple I know
we'll get to it yeah supposed supposedly
it's going to look like you know Noah's
Arc
so how would you like to be me with a
long history of having problems with
water leaks and the biggest storm in the
world is heading to my house yeah so
don't go to my house and be full of
water so don't go to the cities in
California but also stay under the rural
areas because of the
rain stay away from Federman Santa
Monica and
Chicago but here's a place you could go
Oklahoma Oklahoma's still good
Oklahoma's oh wait there's a gigantic
gas explosion in Beaver County Oklahoma
Chuck cesto is talking about this if you
saw the picture it looks like a mile
high uh
Firestorm it looks like Satan actually
is coming to the Earth in physical form
and this is just like the portal to hell
is opened it is the biggest Fireball
coming from the ground you've ever seen
in your life and this uh this gas
explosion is it's in Beaver
County now why did I need to tell you
about this well obviously because it's a
gas explosion and it's in Beaver County
you think I'm going to leave that one
alone no because there's an important
question what happens between the gas
explosion in Beaver County what is below
a gas explosion in Beaver the taint the
taint that's right this entire story was
for that joke so stay out of Oklahoma
and uh I'd stay out of Oregon and Santa
Monica also the cities in California
also the uh the other neighborhoods in
California you don't want to go anywhere
near them in Chicago's noo
Zone but at least Hong Kong and China
are still uh good I mean if you oh no it
turns out Kyle bass is reporting Hong
Kong's housing market is uh going
through the
floor um 30% reduction in value uh
because of this enormous real estate
liquidation from every Grand so the
economy is falling apart in China and
Hong Kong so I would stay I would stay
away from there stay away from there
yeah also uh stay away from Beaver
County um Oregon Chicago and California
in every single part of
it but if you like a nice vacation may I
recommend that you go to Jamaica because
I hear lots of good things about Jamaica
oh wait it turns out that the US
Department of travel says that with uh
because of the 65 murders this month
alone and of course the day is Young so
there's still time for a few extra
murders this month um and increased
sexual assaults at Resorts Americans are
urged to reconsider travel plans to
Jamaica so the US Department of travel
says stay the away from Jamaica
wait a minute
why does that sound
familiar it's coming from the US
Department of
travel I didn't realize how racist they
were my
God you think the US Department of
travel wouldn't be racist but they just
told you to stay the away from uh
Jamaica and I don't know how to
interpret that any other way so I don't
know where the ADL is on
this when I said something like that the
ADL said uh I was a holocaust
because cuz that makes sense that's
exactly what you say he's a holocaust
denier no I'm not a holocaust denier the
ADL is not a legitimate
organization so stay away from Jamaica
but you could always go to China well no
not China not Hong Kong or Chicago or
Santa mon or any part of California or
or Beaver County so if you stay away
from those places you'll be fine and
watch out for the Pineapple Express
atmospheric River that's going to hit
California any
moment well Rowan Chong reports that the
uh on the xplatform that New York Times
has reported that it's going to be
teaching AI how to do news so the New
York Times they're forming an AI
initiative to uh prototype generative AI
uses for reporting and presentation now
they say they're very careful to say
that they're not going to use you know
just AI to make news it's still going to
be humans humans are still going to
write the news but they're working on
their own AI you know helper app to make
that easier um and I have a question for
you how are they going to program the
AI to not call them out for their own
fake
news don't they have a problem I I
actually this is a serious question by
the way if if you're if you're a news
organization primarily involved with
just making Democrats look good
how is AI going to know
that isn't it somewhat automatically
going to just say whatever is in the
news yeah so I was going to repeat the I
don't know how Ai and news can ever be
integrated because AI is going to at
least try to be accurate but it will
hallucinate so that's a problem but a
human is not trying to be accurate so
how do you how do you build a tool for a
person who's not
trying you see the problem to build a
tool for somebody let me give you an
example if you want to uh screw in a
screw and you made a tool for it that
tool would be perfect because there are
people who want to screw in a screw but
what if you don't want to tell the
accurate story but you got this tool
that only knows how to do that well how
do you integrate
that it's it's actually a problem you
know not just jokingly that's an actual
problem I don't know how they would
solve
it
um I think it was yesterday I checked uh
I like to check AI to see what it says
about me and Bing's version of AI that I
guess is the op9 version uh says I'm a
racist can I sue
Microsoft this is a serious
question so if somebody were to search
for me that Bing would tell them I'm a
racist now what evidence do they have
for
that now what they say is that said a
racist thing which is the same thing as
saying you're racist now did I say a
racist
thing what I actually
said was that I don't like it when
people are racist against me that's what
I said I never said I didn't like any
other people I love other people I never
said that I said other people seem to be
racist against me and they're part of a
system which is training them to be even
more racist the ESG and the CRT and the
Dei you and if you are around people who
are being trained to be racist against
you literally the system is training
them to be that way you should get as
far away from that as you can now that's
what AI says is
racist so I am branded forever as a
racist by Microsoft and everybody
whoever searches me for the rest of the
time according to Microsoft they'll find
out that I'm racist now is that because
AI is smart and it knew what the truth
was no it just picked that up from
patterns it saw in the news was the news
legitimate no nobody even talked to me
no member of the news Well except Chris
guomo yeah the news was almost
completely silent on my story so never
nobody ever had a chance to hear that it
was the opposite of the way it was
reported I didn't say I don't like black
people I love black people I've never
had a single individual human problem
with a black person or anybody else in
fact fact I was thinking the other
day uh it's fascinating things that some
people have never
experienced let me give you an example
I've never been disciplined for bad
behavior not once not as a
child I mean maybe you know when I was
four years old or something but I don't
remember it but certainly not any
teenage I I mean I never got grounded
never had anything taken away um never
got punished in school never had to stay
after never been to jail I've never been
punished for anything I don't think it
hurt me but it's just a weird
coincidence um but likewise I've never I
was trying to think if anybody ever
didn't like me in
person no matter who I was and I
couldn't think of anybody because in
person I go out of my way to be you know
a reasonable person it's you know a
lifetime practice of just being nice to
anybody in person so to be labeled a
racist by Microsoft a stain which can
never be removed um this is a serious
question can I sue them for a billion
dollars because it would be all my
future potential lost earnings basically
the whole value of the Dilbert portfolio
would be zero under these
circumstances yeah not a billion but you
know maybe a hundred million dollar
something like that I feel like it's a
$100 million lawsuit I don't know if I
could win it but it feels like it'd be
valid anyway um here's more news about
robots um so there's a uh I guess open
AI the same so now ra robots will be
taught that I'm a racist this is
literally true so open AI the software I
just talked about that thinks I'm a
racist is going to be put into
robots how happy am I I that I will get
to live in a civilization which is
largely filled with mechanical devices
that believe worth
living or some version of that because
they'll have a bad opinion of me so
that's
suboptimal uh if the war happens I'm not
going to be siding with the machines
because apparently they don't like me
but so now uh Elon Musk demonstrated his
uh here future robots the Tesla's making
and it showed it
walking so and then this other open AI
they're working with some company called
uh humanoid robotics company called
Figure and so now we're g to have
walking humanoid robots but I have one
question can we make the robots not walk
like they're sneaking up on you to kill
you have you seen a robot
walk they only walk like they're
sneaking up to you
all right let me let me give you my
impression we'll need to adjust the
camera here for full pajama view of my
walking goes like this now well let let
me first do a human and then I'll do the
robot all right first a
human human not too hard to imitate now
let me show you the Tesla robot and this
this other open AI robot
yeah sketchy right sketchy as
hell can you make it look less like it's
trying to kill
me I just want it to look like it's not
trying to kill me I get that it probably
won't kill me right away but I don't
want it to look like it's
trying you know did did he have some
some kid in your class when you were say
12 years old they would do the thing
like they would act like they're going
to hit you it's like H you know they
would they would make a motion like they
were going to hit you just to mess with
you I feel like these creeping robots
are going to be the same thing it's like
what are you doing my God my God have
you turned is it happening is it Sky Net
Oh no you're just bringing me a glass of
water okay fine but now but now you're
sneaking up on me aren't you okay no
you're just vacuuming all right carry on
it's going to be very
confusing robot
news Mike cernovich is uh uh talking
about the well I'll just read what he
said he posted it today a lot of tech
guys and VCS believe the brain can exist
outside the body that's why they're
obsessed with quote uploading their
Consciousness to the cloud is midwit
gnosticism well I I don't had to
untangled midwit gnosticism I only know
what one of those words even means but I
wanted to weigh in with my opinion on
this
topic and So I responded I said it feels
like a definition
thing oh and then Mike also went on to
say Consciousness is embodied and can't
exist without the full human package I
you know I would agree with that I mean
whatever it is that is you is only you
while you're all you
so yeah I mean I agree with the the
general point but still I feel like
there's a definitional thing going on
that's you know maybe on top of or in
addition to you know the observable
obvious part that if it's not you it's
not you um and I said
this uh I think of a
soul as the patterns of thoughts that
are unique to
you your soul is the pattern of thoughts
that you've developed over your life
that are unique to you because nobody
thinks your body goes to
heaven right so so if you have a
something that lasts Beyond you which is
your essence it would have to be a
pattern a pattern is the only thing that
is formless and yet is still you because
it could go into any kind of container
so in my opinion the large language
models which have created some pseudo
intelligence by just looking at patterns
could do the same thing with an
individual so if if the computer the AI
can look at all the things you've ever
written and build a large language model
just based on one training on one
person that would effectively be your
soul because it would be all the
patterns of your thought and activity as
expressed through the way you write and
talk um that would be unique to you now
would it be 100% % no but would it get
the important things it might it might
be all the important things that are the
patterns of
you for example one of the patterns I
just explained one of my patterns is uh
I always try to be nice to anybody in in
person no exceptions that's a pattern
not everybody would do that that's
unique I mean not so unique but it's
it's just one thing that I do that I try
not to vary that's my pattern so I say
that uh if you could put your pattern as
expressed in your language if you could
capture it in an AI way that would be
very similar to
DNA because when we think about
reproducing we think about our DNA right
and DNA is literally just a
pattern it's a pattern so if your DNA
gets into your child you've you've taken
your pattern into them the same as if I
load my all my words into an AI and
knows the pattern that is my personality
in a similar way now in each of those
cases your pattern gets diluted if I put
my pattern in AI it's not the only
pattern in there AI will have its own
patterns in order just to function so
there'd be a little pattern uh maybe uh
overlap or even conflict and likewise if
you put your DNA into a
child uh only half of your DNA gets in
there and you know your spouse is the
other half and then and the child has a
child and then you're diluted further
the child has another child diluted
further so in both Ai and in the human
world you know that thing which is your
unique
pattern can be put forward but it also
evolves after it's done with you so your
DNA involves the same way your AI
pattern would evolve after you're
gone so I think that that's in effect a
soul because it's the only non body part
of you that that is unique and special
to you your patterns and they can be
brought forward after your death now
Consciousness is different Consciousness
is not a soul uh but that's a definition
thing too so I think of Consciousness as
the feedback
loop where you're predicting what will
happen based on what you do and what
other people are doing and then you
experience what happens so your five
senses try to absorb what actually is
happening while your brain is predicting
what will happen next and then you're
comparing it to prediction so the
observing predicting and comparing your
observation to predicting to me that's
just Consciousness that's the whole
thing there's nothing else now that's a
definition doesn't make me right just
those are the definitions I'm working
with uh because it feels right to
me but suppose your Consciousness did
not get uh get transported into AI is
that a problem suppose you can't take
your Consciousness into a machine well
guess what you couldn't take your
Consciousness into your kid either but
that didn't stop you from having one you
don't put your Consciousness in a kid
you might you know teach them some
things that might become part of their
patterns but they kind of get to decide
what patterns they keep you you can't
really program a kid completely so I
would say that whether or not your
Consciousness goes into a an offspring
or into a machine it's not really your
Consciousness right it's not really but
you could certainly teach a machine to
do what I described as Consciousness
predict what would happen under the
current situation and then compare what
your prediction was to what happened and
then stress is usually the difference
between what you want to happen and
what's
happening that's stress you could you
could teach a machine to have something
like a stress response because they
predict ition and their observation are
not quite matching up what do Democrats
have that's making them so
crazy what they observe is not matching
up with what they think they should
observe there's no com there's no
correlation between what they predict
and what they observe happens that's not
the same with conservatives
conservatives predict and then they
observe they were right let me give you
an example um what will happen if you
cut funding to the police
Democrats are like wait a minute why is
this not working right their their
Consciousness is in a point is in a
state of stress because they predict
what will happen it doesn't happen it
happens the opposite of what they
predicted and that's stress and the you
know there's other forms of stress too
but the conservatives are saying if you
take the police away crime will go up
and there it
is you don't like it and there would be
stress if you traveled there but you
don't have any stress about
understanding it that's very
different all right so I don't think it
matters if your Consciousness goes with
you after death because Consciousness
was never important in the first place
it was just a little feature
of how you how you act it's just one
feature of your whole your
wholeness um and then I would also say
that being a Believer I say this a lot
but you can't hear it enough I'm not a
believer
but I think the Believers have an
advantage in life a big one actually and
if I if I had the capacity if somehow I
could do it to be a believer I would do
it because the advantages seem obvious
so that's just a disadvantage I have
compared to some of you all
right how many of you are aware that
last night an individual uh cut off his
father's head put it in a plastic bag
and showed it on YouTube uh as part of
his uh screed about how he's going to be
part of a revolution against the
government or
something now that stayed on
YouTube uh a long time a lot
longer than the time that YouTube was
completely aware of what they had there
so I don't really understand why it
stayed on there so long but I actually
looked at it how many of you looked at
it the video of the the young guy
holding up his father's head and
bag now did you decide not to look at it
because you consciously didn't want that
in your head if you did that was a good
play yeah the smart players don't look
at it because I I looked at it and I
will never forget it yeah that is
permanent that's permanent damage to my
brain it's damage it's just damage there
there's no other way to put it it's just
damage right I wish I hadn't seen it but
I was so curious uh and first I wasn't
exactly sure it was true but apparently
it is so what did the New York Post say
as their headline for it qanon aligned
son decapitates federal employee Dad
shows off Trader head and you know he
called it a trador it's in quotes ahead
in a sick YouTube video q and on aligned
q and on
aligned do you think they're going to
try to sell this as a trump
supporter of course they are because
he's anti-biden but you know his social
media showed he was
anti-trump he's anti-trump he's anti-
Trump and the New York Post decided that
their headline would be that he's Qing
on aligned and by the way I saw no
evidence that he's queing on
aligned I didn't see that I didn't see
it in the story where did they get
queing on aligned and are they
 you know maybe maybe he quoted
it some
place
so just like any other story it's a it's
a schizophrenic guy it's just a crazy
guy but uh the Democrats are going to
try to make him look like a crazy Trump
supporter and uh surely they will push
the Trump supporters or dangerous
revolutionaries insurrectionists and
here's another one but meanwhile he's
just a crazy guy who didn't like Trump
and he didn't like Biden and apparently
he didn't care for his father that
much so another place not to go would be
that
guy's house all
right
um my second theme is things Democrats
are not allowed to
know things Democrats are not allowed to
know they could know them all they'd
have to do is be exposed to the
information but they're sort of not
allowed so this is our secret little
Club where we know things that half the
country they'll never know yeah uh
here's the first example uh Florida will
no longer allow trans people to change
the sex on their driver's license to
match their gender
identity
so Democrats are not allowed to know
that your sex can be identified with
some
clarity I think it's the the confusion
of gender and sex I agree that people's
sexual preferences or even how they
think of themselves could be all over
the place so that's a Continuum so if
somebody has you know male parts but
their brain says they're female that's a
real thing that exists but certainly
their reproductive
organs are either good for one thing or
the other or they're very rare case
where they're they're not a complete not
a complete package of either but that's
the
exception um so that's the first
thing the AP Associated Press is uh
touting the great economy are you
surprised that a Democrat
oriented uh media entity the AP most
people say it's follows a Democrat line
are you surprised that they're telling
you the economy is great and you just
don't understand
it oh exactly like one month ago I was
telling my stepdaughter you know in the
next year the news is going to tell you
the economy is great whether it is or
not so this would be a good time to buy
stock
not because the stocks are good but
because the government's going to
artificially drive up the price as part
of the election
year you know I I don't think this is
just a Democrat thing right this is sort
of the power the party ower does this if
they can get away with it so let me ask
uh what do you think was the evidence
for this strong economy well some good
things here the condu Consumer Price
Index Rose it's actually at a at a
recent High so the consumers have a lot
of
confidence so let let me let me explain
this to
you the media is reporting that the
citizens have higher confidence in the
economy now where' that come
from it came from the media telling them
to have more confidence so then the
media told them to have more confidence
and then they did a poll to find out if
their brainwashing worked
and then they reported the poll as news
it's a wrap-up
smear do do you understand the pattern
now is that you create the news and then
you report it as it affects someone else
and then you report that the effect on
someone else is the news but in fact you
created that news and then you reported
on it and you hope nobody caught it it's
a good trick how about the GDP GDP is up
fairly
solidly year toe uh 3.3 or something you
know nice nice solid you know
non-inflationary growth that's a good
little Target area right there do you
think that they mention the effect of
inflation on the GDP because the GDP is
measured in dollars so if I'm buying
some gas for $3 a gallon uh that's a
lower GDP than if I bought it for $5 a
gallon but let me ask you do you want to
live in a country where you buy gas for
$3 a a gallon that would be a low GDP or
where you buy it for $5 a gallon and
your GDP looks great not you I mean it's
the people you gave the money to but
it's all in the
GDP so if you want the economy to look
good you say things like let's compare
our numbers today to the
pandemic do you think they do that of
course they do of course they can
compared to the pandemic should you
compare anything in the economy should
anything ever be compared to the
pandemic no under no circumstance should
anything in the future or the current
ever be compared to anything in the
pandemic because that would be
misleading not
informative right so that's if you want
to be misleading you compare numbers to
the pandemic and they are then you want
to brainwash consumers into thinking are
great and then PLL them to find out if
it worked and then report on it which
they did and then you want to focus on
the GDP but never mention the inflation
component because it's going to look
really good if you leave that inflation
in
there um but then you'd also say that
the inflation rate of increase is
decreasing which might be true but it
doesn't tell you about the Baseline
cumulative inflation that had you know
caught that had been applied up to that
point cuz because that Baseline goes
Forward
Forever it doesn't matter so much if
it's not growing quickly as
well now suppose you wanted to tell the
opposite story but you also wanted to
use real data because the AP and others
they use real data it's just that if you
don't know how to understand data you
could be misled easily so if you wanted
to tell the opposite story with the same
data you'd say the national debt is so
high that it will kill us all which is
true
I think I mean I don't know how we could
pay pay it off I have no idea I have no
idea how we can survive the national
debt none not a little bit of
idea um how about housing
affordability why is it a great economy
if young people can't buy a house and
don't look like they ever could how
about the cost of
food just just go to a grocery store and
see how you feel about your economy most
of you have of course how about real
wage grow growth if you take the
inflation out of the wage growth how's
it look not as
good um about the inability of any young
person to afford marriage and kids and
therefore our our population will
decline to the point where the entire
country is destroyed because we don't we
don't create a system we don't have a
system where a young person can simply
work hard and get ahead and have a
family and have kids these are these are
devastating facts a better economy in
the AP reports hey we told everything
everybody that things are good and they
believed
us that's your
news that's
news the fact that this is considered
news is just
mindboggling
right here's another one things that uh
and by the way do you think the
Democrats could do what I just
did now most people can't because if you
don't have a background in business or
economics it's not obvious none of this
is obvious well a little bit is obvious
but you'd really have to have some depth
in a little bit of this stuff to even
know what they're doing to
you um The Rabbit Hole account on X I
was talking about a survey from some
somebody called res Resume Builder and
polish and they did a survey of uh
whether people think that reverse
discrimination exists now that would be
discrimination against white men
especially but from a 2022 survey it
said that 52% of hiring managers believe
their company practices reverse
discrimination in
hiring more than
half of all hiring managers say their
company
discriminates and I guess we're just
going to take a pause and talk about the
mysterious glitch in the tech that I
always happens said 34
minutes back to me bring your attention
back to
me it's all about me all
right do you believe that do you believe
that 52% of hiring managers uh say that
they practice discrimination because
reverse discrimination is just
discrimination does that seem high or
low does that seem high no it is
laughably low do you know what's wrong
with the
number is it obvious to you uh without
any other information is it obvious to
you what's wrong with the
number what does 52% of hiring managers
sound like to
you to me it sounds like the exact
number of white male hiring
managers is that a
coincidence don't you think that the
number of white men who are hiring
managers is around
52% so when you ask the white man what
did they say oh of course it exists it's
all over the place I've been a victim of
it when they ask the black woman do you
do any reverse discrimination what's she
going to say and again I'm not making
I'm not saying anything about black
people or women I'm I'm talking about
human beings right if you're just a
human being but you're in this situation
and you're a black woman what do you say
about reverse
discrimination no I got my job because
I'm qualified
and you would believe it and it might be
true in your specific case no you cannot
ask people who are hiring managers if
they're discriminating against other
people the white people the white men
will say of course it's widespread it's
everywhere the black women will say I
don't know what you're talking about I
got my job the regular way and when I
hire people I only look at their
qualifications especially if they're
black that's what they'll tell you and
they will be completely
blind to what the 52% of probably white
men are telling them is everywhere all
the
time all
right so that's something that uh
Democrats don't
see 70% said they think their company
has Dei initiatives just for
appearance
70% yeah that seems a little low too
doesn't
it you don't think 100% % of the people
know it's for
appearance no they do 100% no now by
appearance I say that that also has an
economic value right when when Mark
cubin talks about Dei it's for
appearance but it also has a functional
business purpose which is that if your
company looks good to your customers and
to your employees well you're in better
shape so looking good is actually
important as a as a it's a
function all right rasmuson
reports they asked Democrats and
Republicans and independents whether
they believe most experts were right
about covid in the
pandemic um 73% of Democrats believe
that most experts were right about
covid-19 73% of
Democrats have been watching the news
for three years and 73% of them have
concluded
that most experts were right about the
co
pandemic
what no they're not dumb no no don't say
that this is not a story about
Republicans be smart Democrats be dumb
if you think I'm saying that I am not
saying that now this is a media effect
this is purely a media effect there's no
IQ
difference not not at this level anyway
I mean the the IQ if there is one I
don't think there is but if there is one
um doesn't explain this this is a media
creature but 65% of Dem Republicans uh
uh don't trust the experts don't think
they got it right and the unaffiliated
people the so-called Independents that
are not really independent 44% of them
think the experts got it mostly wrong on
Co
so is isn't this a gigantic uh blind
spot for
Democrats that they think the the
experts in Co got it mostly right Co of
all
things because if they believe that the
experts got it mostly right in the
pandemic wouldn't they also be likely to
believe the experts the next time they
say something such as climate change
this is really dangerous to trust
experts at that level really dangerous
for the country um not that the experts
are always wrong but that level of trust
is is just a red you know it's a red
light going be be beep too much
trust speaking of trust turkey's leader
erduan and I like I
like pronouncing his name correctly
because it makes me sound like I know
more than I
do yes uh eruan who recently visited a
cutter
because you call it quatar or quatar or
something no and you call his you call
him erigon because it's spelled that way
no it's erduan went to Cutter so that's
how you say
it
um anyway uh he's so erdogan is helping
to set up a political party in Germany
wait what the leader of turkey is
helping to set up a political party in
Germany what's going on
well apparently so many Muslims have
immigrated to Germany that erdoan wants
them to uh form a political party to be
more of a pro-muslim party in
Germany uh and as others have pointed
out do you see it
yet you see how this migration works out
you you bring in enough people they
create a political party now if this
political party is big enough
presumably it could be a king maker in
other words it could decide which of the
existing parties get enough to put them
over the top and become the leader they
would they don't have enough to be the
leader but maybe in an Israel like
fashion they could be the king makers if
they have enough people and they might
and if erduan has his
way uh Germany will go very Pro Muslim
maybe open up their immigration further
and become a Muslim country over
time looks like that's going to happen
actually uh Mike Benz who's just
invaluable lately in explaining how the
real world Works especially the blob as
he calls it the Democrats and and
sometimes Republicans and the Intel
community and all that and if you don't
know what a color Revolution is if you
hear me say color Revolution
and you don't know what it is you need
to because it's happening here so a
color Revolution is the set of things
that our intelligence people do to
overthrow a foreign country which we
apparently have
perfected and the the general way of it
is you create all these fake what look
like private entities and then you have
them all protest and do their thing and
influence and it looks like it's coming
from the
people but and and the the people are
involved but the people are being
influenced by the organizations and the
organizations are set up by you know
sometimes foreign
intelligence but that's exactly what is
happening in this country to take down
the magga side of politics in other
words these fake protests the blms the
antifas the and then the fake
organizations that support the Democrats
like the ADL the Southern Poverty Law
Center and the fact Checkers that are
not real fact Checkers so and the media
the Democrat leaning media that's not
real media so
somebody or or it's just a big
coincidence uh we have a situation in
America that looks identical to what it
would look like if an intelligence
organization like an American one was
actively overthrowing the country for
something one side or the
other so uh do we have a country that
has a government that would do such
things well I don't know let's look at
the case of the mysterious January 6th
pipe bomb by the way Democrats don't
know that there's a color Revolution
that and that they're in it Republicans
kind of do it's another blind spot they
have how about that January 6 pipe bomb
the Democrats think that uh somebody
associated with the January 6 protest
left some pipe bombs which is further
evidence that they were violent
insurrectionists but it turns out that
there's no connection to any of the
protesters and the pipe bombs in fact
there might be a mysterious connection
if you know what I mean a connection
such as and Thomas Massie is all over
this um the FBI has now tied the uh the
bomber to a metro card of an
ex-government
official uh but there's a former FBI
agent whistleblower who says they were
blocked from talking to the people that
they know were involved way what the FBI
an FBI official not official a former
agent is saying that yes they knew who
was involved and they were not allowed
to talk to
them what does that tell you it tells
you it's part of an op and it tells you
that January 6 was in fact an
intelligence operation and that one part
of it was the pipe bombs now can I
confirm that no does it have ever
indication that it's the case
yes I was listening to uh saw a video of
Jeff Bezos uh talking about business not
talking about this topic but he said in
business whenever your data conflicts
with your anecdotes do you know which
one he says is more likely to be true
when your data disagrees with your
anecdotes you know just the things you
observe he says trust the things you
observe because data sucks and is often
misinterpreted and they're measuring the
wrong thing so data has a very low level
of credibility compared to things you
see with your own
eyes but you could also be fooled by
things you see with your own eyes as all
Democrats apparently are and many
Republicans so um the genu the pipe bomb
thing looks to be exactly what it looks
like an OP by some form some members of
our government maybe former members
maybe current ones at the time um we
doing something on January 6 that looks
very much like an
op and if if there were no other topics
in the world for politics I would be
supporting whoever the Republican
candidate is who said they would pardon
all the January 6 people you don't even
need a separate conversation about oh
the economy in Ukraine and you know
Middle East and blah blah blah law if
you can't get this one thing right just
one thing don't put your own citizens in
jail for
 for political if you
can't get that right I don't even want
to have a conversation about the rest
you know this this is your this is your
ticket to the ball you got to buy that
ticket first I don't even want to hear
what comes out of your mouth
until you've pardoned the people that
are in jail for for the January 6 don't
care
don't care about anything else you have
to say you got to do that first right if
that's not day one business day two I'm
going to be
incensed wouldn't you if we get if we
get a president and on day one the
January 6 people are not walking out in
jail like walking out not beginning the
process but they better be
walking out of those jail cells the day
that the new president is sworn in and I
don't care about anything else you got
to get that part
right got to get that part right
everything else depends on that
everything depends on it because there
would be no credibility in your
government if you don't do that and I'm
not going to support a I'm not going to
support a Republican president who
doesn't do that if Trump gets in there
and he doesn't free those people
immediately let's say it's Trump no
support I won't support him on anything
else nothing else but botom line you get
you got to get my fellow citizens in a
jail and then we'll talk everything else
depends on that no other
conversations um there's a report now
Michael shellenberger has got a
investigative report and uh Soros and
the FBI are apparently coordinating with
Brazilian people to censor
Brazil's um free speech
so do you think that George Soros and
the FBI are only doing this for other
countries that they they only coordinate
to suppress free speech in other
places seems unlikely seems pretty
unlikely now I'm going to double down on
my um observation without data so this
will be a Jeff basos kind of a play I
have no data that would suggest that
George Soros is is owned or controlled
by any other entity I have no
information no data no evidence not even
lowquality evidence I don't have any
evidence however my observation is that
he acts exactly like somebody trying to
destroy the country and doing it so
obviously that I can't in any way
imagine that he's operating
independently it it it's completely out
of the realm of believable
somebody is controlling the Soros
funding and I assume it's because we're
a black mocracy there's probably some
blackmail involved that that's an
observation based on you know what the
outcome is it's not a it's not Based on
data not based on any evidence that I'm
aware of it's just he acts exactly like
he's blackmailed and that he couldn't
possibly be operating in the best
interest of America there's just no way
I mean it's not it's not even a little
bit
plausible let's talk about the so-called
Taylor Swift conspiracy
theory just for fun now some people have
gone a little further with the
conspiracy theory than
others uh I'm somewhere in the
middle the middle ground is that yes the
government and the Democrats uh have
tried to get Taylor Swift on their side
because she's an important cultural icon
and she can apparently move people to
register to vote and stuff like that so
that part is not
surprising um and uh Benny Johnson's
telling us on the xplatform that four
years ago the Pentagon psychological
operations unit pitched NATO about
turning Taylor Swift into a social
influence
asset so but keep in mind that because
people in the government talked about it
that doesn't mean it happened it doesn't
mean that Taylor Swift like was in on
so there's a lot of stories about people
talking about stuff whenever you hear
these stories about somebody talked
about something such as the report that
RFK Jr was approached by a member of
Trump's team to ask him about being a
vice president running mate now first of
all it's the team and there are probably
a lot of teams you know a lot of people
doing stuff they think would help Trump
and we don't know if Trump was even part
of that right so you you always have to
be very careful when you hear that
somebody talked about something you know
what remember when there was a report
that Trump talked about using a nuclear
weapon to stop a
hurricane that is perfectly acceptable
to talk
about the fact that you know nobody
pursued it because it was a bad idea is
what you want to hear that's exactly
what you want to hear yeah it wouldn't
work bad idea but would you like to know
that if ever there formed a hurricane
that looked like it could take out the
entire East Coast the United States and
it seems like possible that if somebody
said you know what if we nuke this thing
you know once it gets a 100 miles off
the coast or whatever uh we might be
able to stop
it it would be interesting to know if
that's within the realm of possible or
is it completely crazy it might be
completely crazy but talking about
things is not wrong doing them might be
wrong so don't worry about talking about
stuff but then after the uh Pentagon
talked about uh using her for uh social
influence asset in 2019
coincidentally uh about the same time um
George Soros bought her entire music
catalog huh that's because George Soros
likes to invest in musical
assets am I right man there's a long
history of that George Soros he is all
about the cultural stuff he's buying mus
he must have oh so many so many musical
groups he must have bought their catalog
no he he's not a musical catalog
buyer that's pretty far from his his
main line of business why did he do it
well it probably wasn't his idea do you
think George Soros came up with that
idea all on his own I love that teror
Swift music no do you think it was
Alex's idea well you
know maybe maybe he just wanted to meet
you Taylor Swift and be more relevant
but it's a pretty big coincidence that
the think we the person that I think is
not operating under his own uh own
decisions bought that music catalog and
then in 20120 some say she came in as
more liberal Joe Biden supporter so she
got more vocal which seems like a big
coincidence but it could be it could be
a
coincidence um and then her a AIS t tour
whatever it's called and last year was
the highest
revenue I mean it made more than the GDP
of 50
countries and she helped register over
35,000 people and uh
now do we have reason to believe that
her Ultra success had anything to do
with Soros or the government I would say
there's no evidence of
that because the reason the government
was interested in Taylor Swift is that
Taylor Swift already had this power they
didn't have to give her the power the
reason they were interested in her
because she had it so to assume that
somehow I don't know the CIA helped her
make more money in her
tour I don't know how it's not
impossible by the way but they wouldn't
have to do it I mean whether she made
$40 million or 35 million and maybe they
could have influenced that but they
wouldn't wouldn't be worth worth the
effort so I don't think they influenced
how much money she made in the tour but
what about this uh now she's decided
she's dating uh this football player
who's who apparently was promoting the
vaccinations from fizer for pay a paid
spokesperson and uh here Benny Johnson
is saying that he was a some some someh
related to the Bud Light product I don't
know what his relationship to that
was and and uh and he's member of course
the most watched sport and he made it
into the Super Bowl now do we assume
that fizer is behind it no I don't think
fizer can tell Taylor Swift who a date I
don't think so I don't think the CIA can
tell her who to date so I figure it's
probably it's just he's a popular guy
and you know he meets all the criteria
for Taylor and then uh
so that part looks like a
coincidence but if you were a conspiracy
theorist there's a lot of coincidences
aren't there it's way more coincidences
than you would expect but uh I remind
you of the Bible Code have you ever
heard the Bible Code it was a story when
I was a Youngster that if you ran a
program against the actual Bible you'd
find all these hidden messages and sure
enough they they they are you you can
actually check yourself and see that
like it would be stuff like if you took
the third letter in every word you know
they would form a sentence that
predicted something that happened right
now you say to yourself how in the world
could these codes exist and also predict
the future unless God put them there how
else okay how can you explain it any
other way because they are there by the
way the those actual messages are in the
King James
Bible do I have to tell you how stupid
this
is number one they ran the software
against War and
Peace and guess what War and Peace is
full of hidden codes that accurately
predicted the future yeah it works on
any lengthy book basically just you know
you can find all these spous patterns
and connect it to the news so the Bible
Code
became a big thing because people were
not um let's say statistically literate
and they imagined it was impossible to
be a coincidence Not only was it
possible it was guaranteed by the size
of the
book every book of that size and
complexity would have apparent hidden
codes that are just
coincidence so we're very easily fooled
into thinking that um random patterns
are coincident there are a hell of a lot
of coincidences in this Taylor Swift
story there's no doubt about it and it
does look like the blob the intelligence
people did have an interest in her and
we know that the CIA has you know
decades long practice of getting
cultural figures on their side right and
I remind you that if you get vexed by
seeing um people such as Rob Riner or
Stephen King who saying what appear be
TDS crazy things about Trump I have no
evidence to suggest that they're working
for an intelligence operation in other
words in the Steve in a Jeff Bezos way I
have no data that is trustworthy but
anecdotally anecdotally they act like
they're doing it for a paycheck probably
not literally for a paycheck but they
they act as though it's a job like
they're on a mission it doesn't look
like people who care about politics and
just are vocal it looks very
much like there's some coordinated
interests and common something like
that that doesn't mean it's true that
just means that that's it looks exactly
like that and if you imagine the the
conspiracies are true and the worst case
scenarios are true it does explain just
about everything you see and it also
predicts really well if it predicts let
me make another prediction
I predict that both Rob Riner and stepen
King will say crazy about Trump for
the next 11
months it's
predictable so but it doesn't mean it's
because they're being
influenced all right uh Trump is taking
credit for the stock market being up so
far the last few months um
and that's why I bought a stock oh by
the way I have a uh disclosure
because I always talk about Elon
Musk and I talk about Tesla and robots
and all that uh I feel I have some
responsibility to disclose that I own
Tesla stock now I've said that before
but I I doubl down uh this week so I I
did a major increase in my purchase of
Tesla I don't recommend it because I
never recommend that you do what I do
when it comes to individual stocks it's
never a good idea to buy individual
stocks the one time that it makes sense
and you're probably not in this
situation is if you're rich enough that
you can do it for fun basically it's
finding out how smart you are it's a way
to test yourself to see if you know
anything about anything because if you
can you know invest well over time with
individual stocks maybe you do have some
Advantage you know most people don't so
it's a crazy stupid thing to do you
should buy a diversified um
index fund that would be the good advice
be Diversified so the only advice I like
to give is be Diversified but I do I do
feel like I owe you an explanation of
why yeah QQQ would be a good way to
diversify but also make sure you have
some AI exposure because there be a lot
of that in the QQQ which is an index
fund of a lot of tech companies
mostly so here's why I double down on
Tesla it's not for political reasons
just cuz I like uh what musk is doing
it's not that it's because um number one
it's an election year so stocks in
general should do fine this year so that
that's sort of a baseline but it's not
the reason it's a supporting reason but
not the reason the and part of the
reason is because of
robots I think that uh the Tesla robots
if it stays within the Tesla domain will
be the one-time biggest play in the
history of human kind in other words
there may never in the history of
humanity be a second time you can be on
the ground
floor of
robots robots are going to be bigger
than cars bigger than computers bigger
than everything and not just a little
bit they might be 10 times bigger than
the biggest thing we've ever had all
right I think that that's an accurate
statement could be just so big you can't
even imagine it now if you have zero EXP
exposure to that industry I feel like
that's a mistake but like I said if you
have QQQ which is a well Diversified
well it's Diversified within Tech um
you're going to get a bunch of
AI uh so you might get it in an easier
way than I am now the next thing is I
believe that Elon Musk is being targeted
by the Biden Administration and that
that's putting a drag on the stock
indeed to recently just yesterday
Delaware is struck down his pay package
the pay package that t that musk and his
own board negotiated long ago 2018 I
think and would it be worth 56 billion
55
billion if it was allowed to work
through the completion but it got
blocked by some stockholders who said no
you you had too much control over the
board you know they were too much
insiders and they gave you too good a
deal and that's not fair to the
stockholders because some of that 55
billion should have gone to the
stockholders they would
say now without giving you an opinion on
that I mean I I I lean toward the free
market you know let the free market do
what it wants as long as it's fully
disclosed so I I lean toward uh you know
Elon musk's point of view on this but
the you know I understand also the the
the lawsuit from the uh stockholders
they're they're just operating on if it
works it works they make some more money
so I would see that just as a financial
play not any kind of what's right or
wrong
and
uh yeah so
anyway um one of the reasons Stone um
Tesla which is not a
recommendation don't take any Financial
recommendation from me is that the
pressure from the government could be
released if there's a Republican
president so that that would be good and
then he's he's on the verge of uh just a
lot of good things happening all right
so
um do you think it matters that Delaware
is owned by the Biden family and
Delaware is where a lot of play people
incorporate and then they went after
musk do you think it's a
coincidence that the most Biden friendly
state of all states and a very small one
and where they're completely connected
to the political system is it a
coincidence that that's who's trying to
take must down see so you see that the
the big play for Tesla stock besides
robots is uh
government so a trump presidency you
could expect would take the uh the Anvil
off of uh off the head of
Tesla all right Trump's taking credit
for the stock market do you believe do
you buy that because the argument would
be the stocks are going up because they
expect uh that a trump Administration
would be good for the
economy I don't know what other people
are thinking but for me it's a thing I
definitely am I'm heavier in stocks and
buying into stocks specifically because
I think the uh
political situation will improve that
the odds of a republican at least
president are pretty
high so yes I think Trump actually has
some has a um you know a leg to stand
on but to be fair in my prior story I
told you how the AP is telling people
the economy is good and then polling
them and reporting that they say it's
good so the media is also driving uh the
stock market so you've got the media
driving it up this year you've got the
likelihood of a republican Victory which
would drive it up further
you have us coming off a pandemic which
should make all the numbers look
artificially better which people will
take as
confidence so there's a whole bunch of
good things happening um and that's why
I'm heavy in the sock Market but I don't
recommend it you should not listen to me
and that ladies and gentlemen is the
conclusion
of the best live stream you're going to
see
today and I hope you enjoyed my new
microphone state
um I believe it has changed the nature
of the show
completely yeah cuz it's not putting a
shadow on my face in the same way I
guess it is a little bit need to get
away from it a little bit um we didn't
talk did we talk about Joy reads uh off
her uh hot mic moment I think I did
yesterday I might talked about it
yesterday so Joy Reed of MSNBC went to a
clip about Biden and then even though it
wasn't about the war the clip wasn't uh
she said in a hot mic uh starting
another effing War talking about Biden
so that's what MSNBC says when when
they're not on
camera a very very negative thing to say
about a president I can't think of a
worse thing to say about a president
than quote starting another effing War
if you start one war that's optional
because that's the context is optional
you're a bad
president if anybody who's on your team
can use the phrase another Another War
if that even comes out of their mouth
you've lost you don't have a freaking
chance Another War I think he's up to
five Wars if you kep the war against
magga you know the war he should be
fighting is with the cartels apparently
he's more on their side than we'd like
to believe
all
right
um Dem Star Wars Republicans end them I
don't know about
that I think it's worked out that way
but I don't know if it's a political
reason all right ladies and gentlemen
I'm going to say bye to the platforms of
YouTube in Rumble and X thanks for
joining by the way my I think my total
uh viewership per day is up to about
100,000 now that's 100,000 including the
recorded people watching it recorded but
um 100,000 people watching this content
every day on all the various platforms
and uh if I ever get to a
million I'm running the
country so that's my promise to you I
don't think I'll get to a million but if
I ever get to a million on this live
stream I would effectively be running
the country and by the way that's not an
exaggeration and that's your message for
the day I will talk to you
tomorrow