hey Joe come on in dear Tyler good to
see you come on in take a seat it's time
for a coffee with Scott Adams the best
part of your day the part that makes
well everything that much better Jordy
good to see you for a super heart from
Herbert appreciate it
well you're probably prepared because I
know you're you're that kind of people
you're the kind of people who are
prepared before you even click the
button to watch this periscope and you
probably have with you in your
possession already a cup or a mug your
glasses snifter stein jealous tanker
thermos flask canteen Grail goblet
vessels any kind fill it with your
favorite liquid I'm partial to coffee
and join me now for the unparalleled
pleasure the dopamine hit of the day the
thing that makes everything better
the simultaneous said go oh yeah if you
if you can pick up the subtle hints of
coffee and simultaneity they're sort of
mingled in a in a magical way really
speaking of magical the news is full of
wonders and curiosities my favorite one
is that Britain's channel 4 apologized
Friday for mistakenly reporting that
Prime Minister Boris Johnson said he
wants to control the number of quote
people of color coming to the UK so
according to Britain's channel 4 they
actually reported as actual news that
Boris Johnson had said in public and out
loud that he wanted to quote control the
number of people of colour coming to the
UK except that he didn't say that
what he said was people of talent and
it's one of these yummy
Laurel things where apparently people
are listening to the same the same audio
that I am because I watched the video of
him making the statement and I'll tell
you it couldn't be any more clear to my
ears but I'm realizing there's a
subjective nature to this but here's
what I hear I hear him say as clearly as
I'm gonna say it now I'm in favor of
people of talent and people hearing
talent are hearing it as color now the
reason of course is that he says people
of before the the word in question and
when you say people of people fill it in
with their with their imagination people
don't wait for the end of sentences that
is a thing which you should know it's a
element of our psychology people pay
attention to the first part of a
sentence and more than the second part
the reason they don't always listen to
the second part of a sentence is that
the first part of the sentence often
tells you how the second parts going to
go so you listen to the first part you
assume you know the second part and you
start thinking about other things so you
basically are filling in the sentence in
a different way that it's actually
delivered now channel 4 did apologize
because when they played it back and
somebody told them what it should have
said that's probably that was probably
enough for them to hear at the correct
way but this is one of those those
moments where you can see the two movies
on one screen completely clearly there's
no ambiguity whatsoever about what is
coming out of his mouth but you can see
exactly the mechanism that triggered
people into being fooled that he's had a
completely different thing it was the
first part of the sentence so when you
can see the mechanism that triggered the
whole ooh
evasion is a little bit more fun when
you're listening to Laurel and Yanni you
can't see the trigger it's just some
people hear it differently than others
but in this case you can see the trigger
it's right there's the first part of the
sentence people of all right so that was
interesting so I of course tweeted
yesterday that Peabody jej can never be
our president because he crossed a line
that you just can't cross if you're
running for president
and he said that he said quote anyone
who supported this president is that
best looking the other way on racism at
best so he's basically classifying over
60 million people as racist or racist
adjacent or racist let's say soft on
racism that's that's disqualifying you
you can't you can't insult an entire
class of voters now people have been
pointing out to me since I said that
wait wait wait Scott the irony is rich
the irony
may I bring in Dale to complete the
sentence the irony is read Scott the
irony there's long irony all over all
over the place there's irony in the sky
there's lightning everywhere because
president Trump does exactly the same
thing does he as president Trump ever
said that the entire class of people who
vote Democrat are defective in character
has he ever said anything like that no
no he's gone after all of his critics
probably every single one he's gone
hearted them he's gone hearted ideas
like socialism he's gone hard at illegal
immigrants he's gone hard at other
countries China and Russia etc so he's
going at all of his critics
the closest he's gotten is that he said
that the end I think I have the exact
quote somewhere but he in his quote
where he said that the anti-trump ours
were human scum he was talking about
Republicans he specified so Trump was
talking about his own party when Trump
said we'll use the human scum label he
was actually talking about his own party
the people who are the critics of the
president in his own party so again he
was talking about specifically critics
who were doing a specific thing and so
that part I think was I and I think he
was he was taking it out harder on his
own team than he has ever taken it out
on the other team I don't believe he's
ever said there's something wrong with
Democrats am i right now fact-checked me
on that has the president ever said that
Democrats in general have some kind of a
character defect he is not he did go
after never Trump errs who are
Republican and he specified Republican
because there's something different
about that group that is a group that's
acting in a certain aggressive way
toward him and he acted aggressively
back and interestingly well that's
enough on that alright so I probably the
tweets that I might end up getting more
retweets and likes than anything I've
ever done it's too early to tell but
it's heading in that direction is the
one I said if abuse of power is a
standard for impeachment I think we can
agree that once it fails in the Senate
for being purely political you know
which it would be if it's if only one
party votes for it you could you could
conclude it's purely political
that is sufficient cause for impeaching
closest ofin Edler for abuse of power
now somebody tried to
or successfully fact-checked me on my
use of the word impeach for senators and
I'm still a little confused about that I
think has more to do with the word
you're using there there is a process by
which you can remove a senator just as
there is a process called impeachment
for removing a president what I don't
know is what that's called or how
different it is but basically there's
there's an impeachment like thing for
senators now don't you think that that's
a completely fair statement if you see
these three characters Pelosi Schiff and
Ed ler pushing through impeachment when
they know they're not going to get
support on the other side and when
they're on record I think both Nadler
and Pelosi are on record in the past and
in case of closing not the distant past
saying that unless is bipartisan you
shouldn't be done so if he does
something that she says that shouldn't
be done and can't succeed what is it
other than political and what is it
other than abusing her power I don't
know how else you could possibly see
that like I can't see any other spin you
could put on that than abusing their
power now if they had gone this far done
the entire hearings and everything and
then said gosh we don't want to put the
country through this there's nothing
enough there we don't have enough votes
from the Republicans we sure wish there
were we think the president's terrible
but we don't have we don't have enough
to go forward with impeachment then I
would say well that's just politics just
politics but once you go through with
the impeachment vote I think that's you
know especially when you're a year away
from the election and the thing that the
president is accused of is pretty minor
on the scale of things that you could do
if you were being really bad so I'm
completely serious about this
is there no process that could be
started to remove those three
politicians it seems entirely fair if if
abuse of power is a standard if it's not
a standard then I think that in that
case so so here are the two cases if
abuse of power is the standard then I
think you can use it against pelosi
Schiff and Adler easily if it's not as
standard then you should also impeach or
whatever the word is pelosi Schiff and
that allure because they're using
something that isn't even standard in a
political way using the power of their
office to damage the president so there
are only two possibilities the standard
is a real one in which case they would
have to be removed from office as well
same reason where it's not a real one in
which case the president gets to stay
and the people who brought not a real
reason for purely political purposes and
abused their power then probably they
need to be at least voted now let's talk
about the Biden situation where you've
all seen the video by now he confronted
a Warren voter in Iowa and it got heated
and he said some things and I wondered
how CNN would cover it now imagine if
you will I and I I hate doing this but
in this case is just irresistible
imagine if he will that Trump had done
the one who said exactly what Biden said
in exactly the same situation how would
CNN cover it all right I'm gonna read to
you some of the sentences from a CNN
opinion piece on their website today and
I want you to see if you think that's
how they would have described Trump if
he went off on this voter at the same
way that Biden did they said that of
Biden they say he answered the man's
booba
yeah he just talking about Biden on CNN
their website he says he answers the
man's attack on his age and his mental
agility by showing the streak of
unvarnished masculinity that has long
been part of Biden's public persona do
you think if Trump had done this they
would make a call out to his unvarnished
masculinity and then the article goes on
to call it a mano a mano mano a mano
moment there was Papa Papa and then they
went on to say it was reminiscent of the
time he accused somebody if having a
lower IQ than his then later in the same
article he said it also had the
red-blooded ring battle Biden's
challenge to trump when he said that
blah blah blah that he'd taken behind
the gym and beat the hell out of them do
you think that if Trump had said any of
those things that and and it's it's
worth calling out that I believe the
writer is a woman I forgot to write down
her name oh
but do you think that a woman would use
these words to describe Trump in the
same situation that it that it was a
case of unvarnished masculinity it was a
mutt mono on my amano how do you say
that mano-a-mano a moment and then it
had a red-blooded ring of Biden's
challenge to Trump blahblah anyway so
that's funny also funny is that at the
same time that we're having these votes
on impeachment Rasmussen is coming out
with some poll results this show among
other things that 26% of National
Democratic likely voters approve of the
job that Trump is doing
now if 26% of the Democrats approve of
what Trump is doing and you know
something like 95 percent of Republicans
do is that really the time you want to
impeach that president probably not the
best time let me ask you a question I
don't know why this came up I think it
was because I was thinking of polling
but how many times if you heard in last
four years from people like Dale Scott
Scott can you explain to me try to
explain this to me Scott all right good
luck with this but try to explain to me
why there's so many racists who support
president Trump go go let's watch you
flail on this a little bit explain that
explain that to which I say how do you
explain all the african-american voters
who support President Trump and which
group is more just asking I don't know
the answer to that but I making an
assumption of the answer I haven't seen
members but don't you think that there
are more black supporters of President
Trump than there are races supporters of
President Trump to which I say in detail
how do you explain that nail explain it
so it's just one of those interesting
statistics to keep in your keep it in
your pocket when you visit your
relatives for the holidays when you
visit your relatives and they start
giving you a hard time and they they
like to ask that question say well
explain all the black people to support
the president
explain that didn't we just have some
poll numbers that show there's a pretty
high favor higher than we expected
favorability ratio among black Americans
explain that what are they seeing so
that's just a fun statistic so professor
Turley who did his gave his opinion at
the testimonies apparently he was
inundated with threatening messages and
demands that he'd be fired before he
even got done testifying
so his employer was being was was being
attacked oh my god he's a Democrat and
by the way I think it was yesterday the
day before I said that Turley was a
Republican who didn't vote for Trump but
I was wrong he's actually a Democrat
which he clarified
speaking of thoroughly getting in
trouble for simply having an opinion
there was a survey or a poll and I
didn't see who ran it but it was I heard
it on Fox News and apparently it says
the survey said that one in five
left-leaning bosses won't hire Trump
supporters which would be easy to
determine who is a trump supporter
because you just check their social
media one in five left-leaning bosses
won't hire Trump supporters what would
be the percentage of bosses just bosses
in general who would not hire an
african-american it's a lot less I mean
I don't know what the number is but I
don't think it's one in five do you mean
racism is real that exists I get that
but do you think that you would have as
much as one in five bosses wouldn't hire
a qualified black applicant do you think
that's do you think that number is that
high because I don't think so I don't
think so I mean I don't know what the
number is but I feel like it's way lower
than that but one in five left-leaning
bosses won't hire a trump supporter and
you know what I think I think the
numbers much higher than that I think
one in five were willing to say it
don't you think that the real numbers
lie so we have this weird situation
where Trump supporters are at least in
terms of employment more discriminated
against than black Americans I'll just
let that sound a little a little bit now
I can't prove that it's based on an
assumption that if you did a poll of
bosses that you could never find as much
as one in five bosses who would say they
would not hire a qualified qualified
being that you know in all cases we're
talking about qualified people do you
think you could find one in five bosses
who wouldn't hire a qualified black
applicant I don't think so I don't think
not even close I literally I don't think
I've even met or heard of or talk to any
boss who would have that opinion I I
don't think I've ever even encountered
it in my entire life because everybody
starts from the same point which is well
are you qualified but yeah of course the
sort of what bosses ask very qualified
what boss would not want to there here
I'll get a little in a little bit more
trouble what boss let's say what white
boss would not want to hire more black
employees who are also qualified same
qualifications who wouldn't want that
most white employers want to get their
diversity numbers up because it looks
good so I don't think you get anywhere
near the amount of employment
discrimination that this poll suggests
there is four Trump supporters as you
could even be in black in America now
I'm not going to say I know this will
all be taken out of context there'll be
an article somebody writes about this in
which they paraphrase part of what I
said but not all of it so it'll make me
look like
I'm a bigot of some sort which I which I
suppose is the problem here problem that
people think mega people are all bigots
but that's enough on that that's enough
of it alright but let me just put that
out there bait if this survey is true
then it is harder to get a job as a
trump supporter than it is to get a job
as a black person in America I mean I
think that needs to be fact checked but
I don't think it's even close I think I
think that in the weirdest way possible
you know I've been saying this for a
while well I'm gonna double down alright
I don't plan these periscopes too much
so even I don't know where things are
gonna go but here here's where I'm gonna
go on this I've been saying for a long
time that Republicans and black
Americans are natural allies Republicans
and black Americans are natural allies
why well number one the well here's
here's the main thing the main thing
that I think identifies conservatives
and Republicans if I can use them
interchangeably just for this purpose
the main thing that I think identifies
them is that they like a well-defined
agreed on set of rules and the rules are
for Republicans and conservatives the
rules are the Constitution which says
everybody should be treated equally the
law which says everybody should be
treated equally and in many cases the
Bible which as it's popularly
interpreted says everybody should be
treated equally
so conservatives and Republicans have by
philosophy our rule-followers as long as
we're all following the same rules
that's as good as we can get
you can't get equal outcomes you can
want it but you can't get it but you can
get a similar set of rules that
everybody thinks is fair so here's my
belief I believe that the black
population in this country are natural
allies of Republicans because
Republicans say here's the question that
Republicans ask are you a legal American
yes or no if your answer is yes you're
on the team that's what the team looks
like if you're Republican the team is
people who respect the Constitution if
you love the Bible that's a little bonus
but it's not necessary and follow the
rules if you're a black American and you
respect the Constitution obey the laws
and optionally just nice but not
required
you you buy into the Bible or any
religion that's kind of compatible
Republicans are gonna like you they're
gonna hire you they're going to here's
the part that I wish black Americans
understood if you want a leg up if you
want if you want to be mentored if you
want a favor you want a job you want
somebody to give you a little extra help
a little little advantage in the world
ask a Republican because Republicans do
that just automatically what does it
take to get a Republican to like you
enough to hire you mentor you help you
give you a little boost give you give
you some business recommend you what's
it take respect the Constitution follow
the laws and optionally some kind of a
religious belief is nice but not
necessary you do those things
Republicans love you like you cannot
imagine being loved you don't do those
things and then you get a problem all
right so it's very simple
now and then weirdly because Trump Trump
supporters have become the new maligned
group weirdly we're having an experience
I say we because I'm I'm in the group of
I'm not a Republican but I'm in the
group of people who are maligned for
saying good things about wrong we feel a
continuous social discrimination now
it's not comparable to you know the
black situation it's not comparable in
any way to coming out of slavery and you
know having the legacy and institutional
bias and all that but at least in the
sense that you can understand other
people there's this weird coming
together of much maligned groups yeah
and I think if if the black vote for
Trump he had some kind of a record
territory and I think it might
I think Trump's gonna get more black
voters in this next election than any
Republican era ever has that's my guess
and and if that happens I think Candace
Owens deserves some kind of a you know
Nobel Peace Prize or something pure
Kanye's and Kanye's certainly a force
that has something to do with this as
well all right let's talk about the jobs
reports so the job gains were you know
great unemployment 3.5% great and a 3.1
percent annual growth in average hourly
wages that's the really good one all
right the other ones the the other ones
are what gets you the higher wages so
you can't get the higher wages until
unemployment has gotten so small that
the people are competing for employees
so it makes sense that eventually you
would get the unemployment down to the
level where wages go up and then they
did somehow wages went up three point
one percent but I haven't seen a updated
inflation number but I don't think
inflation x' anywhere near that right
when was the last time you even heard a
news report on inflation I don't even
think it's are we even tracking it
anymore
it's like it that it's like it didn't
matter so what happened to inflation
that used to be a thing
Joel Pollock pointed out in Breitbart
today that Pelosi is using a quote taken
out of context to totally misconstrue it
as a reason for impeaching the president
that's right
Pelosi is saying repeatedly in public
that the president should be impeached
for a quote that she took in a context
and which is easy to demonstrate because
you can just look at the original quote
from Joel's article in Breitbart and you
can see the original you can see what
she says about it and they're different
different enough to be completely
illegitimate so specifically what we're
talking about is there was a quote where
the president in the past says something
about article 2 which is the part of the
Constitution that gives the executive
branch its power allowed him to do quote
anything he wanted now he actually did
say those words he used the words that
the that the article two part of the
Constitution allowed him to do quote
anything he wanted and that's the part
that Pelosi is quoting to say he says
he's a king now he's a dictator because
he thinks that the Constitution allows
him to do anything he wanted except if
you look at the actual quote and you
look at the context he specifies very
clearly that he's talking about
specifically only the question of
whether he had the right to fire Comey
or not so the only things he was talking
about is firing
call me or not firing co me and within
that context he said an article to
allowed him to do anything he wanted to
fire him or to not fire him that's it
that was the entire context just to do
that one thing hire and fire and Pelosi
is is speaking to the world and telling
them that their President believes that
article 2 allows him to be a dictator
never happened never happened and it's
easy to prove you just look at the full
context it's obvious I think she needs
to be removed from office for gross
incompetence may be hallucinating but at
very least
abuse of power so have you noticed that
the at least online I've made this
observation before but as the jobs and
economy numbers have come out and
they're so positive it's even more
obvious that I tweeted it again that
when will Democrats notice this pattern
that everything everything that is easy
to measure such as economic health is
trending in a positive way but
everything that you can't measure such
as what people think the president is
thinking is all is all our disaster look
at the comments that you're seeing on
Twitter today do you know what the most
frequent criticism of the president that
I've seen in the past week is women I
want to see if you can guess this in the
comments see if you can guess what is
the one criticism or family of
criticisms less a because they're a
little bit different but it's all the
same family
what family of criticisms of the
president are you seeing this week more
than you've seen in a long long time
somebody's saying he's a liar a dotard
that he's inappropriate at a bully abuse
of power but that's in the news racist
liar yeah so I'm I'm seeing more
accusations about his alleged sexual
improprieties now if the Democrats and
the trolls if they feel like their best
attack of the president is allegations
from people who unfortunately because we
live in a world where these types of
allegations are not credible again
whenever I say credible this is just me
talking but whenever I use the word
credible it means that I don't know
what's true and what's not true that's a
different topic but there's something
about some people in situations that are
more credible more believable by their
nature so if the best the best you have
to criticize the president because all
of the things that you can measure are
trending positive most of them except
for the debt what do you do yeah so so
they've they've turned it to just insult
words so the entire Democratic Party is
turned into triumphs the insult dog
it's like he's a he's a dotard fat liar
conman coward corrupt he is a sexual
abuser a coward corrupt liar con man
doesn't care about anything but himself
and all of those all of those
accusations have the same quality you
can't measure them and they exist
primarily in the mind of the person
who's saying it they don't exist in the
real world they're almost entirely based
on being brainwashed now once you get to
that point where all you have left are
the Flies that are you know buzzing
around inside your empty skull that's
like all they have left right now
that's a good place to be that's a
that's a healthy country if the worst
you can come up with are things you're
imagining alright let's see what else we
got here oh I want to talk a little bit
more about Joe Biden and his
confrontation with a man it was reported
initially that he called the man fat you
know but he he actually used the word
too fact as in a true fact and I think
he actually said it was FA CT I think
that actually is true so that was some
fake news about to Biden which should be
noted was not true but he did he did
suggest that the guy maybe was a little
too sedentary and then he can beat him
when push-ups and he might have a higher
IQ now what do we make a Biden going
hard at his critic somebody says bull he
said fat I don't think there's a
slightest chance he said fat I know a
lot of you believe it but I believe that
that is your bias making your yani and
Laurel situation that makes sense
because if you look at it in context
it's a it's a phrasing he's used before
where he says look facts and then he
tells you the facts
so it's his normal way of talking so
that's that's how you know and and he
wouldn't say look fat
that's not even an insult all right yeah
if you believe that he actually used the
word fat you'd have to check your own
cognitive dissonance here because I
think the odds that he actually said fat
are so low that you should question your
your perception on that all right but
here's my overall take on it he was
super aggressive against the voter and I
liked it I liked it because I'm not
I don't want to fall into the the
hypocrite bucket if you had seen Trump
go after a critic like this when she
kind of liked it be honest you know if
Trump had gone after a critic in the
crowd just as hard he would he used
different words right but if he had gone
after him just as personally and just as
hard you'd kind of like it you know you
would and it wouldn't make you dislike
Trump or not vote for him and I have to
say watching Joe Biden go hard at this
guy I kind of liked it
kind of liked it and I don't mind at all
that you know that he pushed that hard I
don't think it'll hurt him at all so
there's that I think we've covered
everything that's interesting
oh let's talk about Hillary so Hillary
said once again that she had not ruled
out running for president but that times
time's running out and if she had to do
something she knows that the timing is
is shortening now I'm going to triple
down on my prediction that she is not
running for president do I think that
she's fantasizing about it
yes I do do I think that she is
seriously considered it yes I do do I
think that she would be dumb enough to
do it
no because you can say a lot of stuff
about Hillary Clinton but I don't think
you could call her dumb Kenya I'm you
could dislike her politics or ethics you
dislike anything you want but is there
anybody who ever said you know that
Hillary Clinton her brain does not work
very well she's dumb nobody says that
because she's really smart do you think
that a really smart person doesn't
understand what would happen to her if
she got in the race now
remember the Democrats have fallen in
love with their own candidates what
happened to the the Bernie supporters
when Clinton won and they thought oh
that didn't seem fair because they
didn't think it was fair they were not
loyal to her if she were to jump in
let's say now or sometime after somebody
else was at the top of the polls how
would the people supporting whoever was
already at the top of the polls how
would they take it when she came in with
her fat foot and took over Democrats
would have a revolution there would be
an internal revolution so the fun part
has nothing to do with how Republicans
would react because we know a hundred
percent of Republicans would vote
against her there's not even the
slightest chance the Hillary Clinton
would get a vote from a Republican it
just wouldn't happen I'm exaggerating
somebody will always cross over but the
real question is what it would do to the
Democratic Party and it would just be an
internal revolution it would it would
tear it apart so I think she's certainly
smart enough to know that even if she
imagined she you know that she was the
more qualified candidate that going in
under the current situation which has
caused an internal revolution and I
don't think it would allow her any
chance of win and I don't think she
would go in if she thought she had a low
chance of winning which i think is the
current situation all right
that's just about all I got to talk
about today I see many of you are
disagreeing that Scott is wrong on fat
so you believe that he said what was the
word he said before allegedly factor of
fact look he said look I think look look
facts
blah-blah-blah-blah-blah here's some
facts sounds perfectly natural now try
this look fat did anybody ever say to
somebody look fat it's not even a sense
of
look facts is a sentence so if you
believe he said the thing that isn't
even a sentence
look FAC look fat I think you have to
you really have to examine your own your
own cognitive illusion there because I'm
pretty sure that is one yeah so Hillary
had another coughing fit was interesting
that a physician was on dr. Carlson show
talking about it and of course no
physician can diagnose somebody it was a
stranger that they just see on TV but
the doctor did give some possible
completely innocent reasons for the
coughing and one of them was actually
interesting the physician said and the
physician is known as sort of that fox
news pundits so it's not a Hillary
supporter but the physician said yeah
one of the things is stress if you're in
a stressful situation and you're you
have a propensity to coughing the stress
can trigger a cough I thought that's
good to know because if she's giving a
speech or she's on Howard Stern as she
was for the last coughing attack it does
seem it does seem to me I see some of
you are trying to try to protect your
cognitive impression by saying that
Biden said looked at fatso except
nobody's claiming he said fatso
somebody's saying that he stopped
himself before the so look fatso I don't
believe that I don't believe for a
minute that he was gonna call this guy
fatso do you know I don't believe that
Biden was gonna call him fatso he was in
Iowa are there any are there any fat
Democrats in Iowa it's the Midwest one
of the things I learned as the Dilbert
cartoonist many years ago I made
joke about one of the characters wait so
it was a joke but I think the boss about
the boss being overweight or something
and somebody emailed me and said Scott
do you understand the two thirds of your
fans are overweight and I said to myself
huh that's probably true and I also
don't believe in free will so I don't
have a bad feeling about people who have
weight problems because I think we have
different brains and if I had the same
brain as a person with a weight issue
I'd be eating more than eight so I don't
personally have any negative thoughts
about people of weight problems because
I think it's like every other addiction
you know you sometimes your your brain
is not working in your favor the reason
I can maintain my weight is that I just
am not that hungry compared to other
people apparently it's not because I
have good willpower alright okay my yes
Cristina and I are looking to record
something this weekend and we'll see how
that goes
I'll let you know more about that when
it actually happens oh I somebody asked
me what's the deal with the push-ups I I
challenged Joe Biden to a push-up
competition because I think it would be
fun now let me say in advance Joe Biden
has said a few times they can be people
in push-ups I don't think you say that
in public more than once
unless you can do some serious push-ups
now when I say serious push-ups I mean
for his age and here's the thing about
push-ups if if you do push-ups every day
you can do a lot of push-ups even if you
don't look like you could do a lot of
push-ups because you you just get good
at doing the specific thing that you do
every day for a while I was practicing
my push-ups cuz that I was actually
gonna have a push-up competition with
with somebody at one point a few years
ago so I was practice
my push-ups and I was just doing more
push-ups than other you know weight
training and sure enough you know I
could get up like 65 push-ups without
without a break but if I tried to do it
today because I don't practice push-ups
very often much less even though I'm
just as fit as I was when I could do 65
of them you have to be doing this
specific thing to be to be good at it in
the moment
now if Biden does push-ups you know
let's say every day which would not be
unusual he could probably rip off 25
push-ups now could I do 25 probably yeah
I mean I could probably do 25 without
practice it would hurt but I could
probably do 25 for that practice so I
think it would be close the reason it's
interesting is because one of the things
that I really appreciate about Biden
which I also appreciate about several of
the other Democrats especially Elizabeth
Warren Elizabeth Warren and Biden are in
really good shape just physically they
seem fit I think it would be good for
the country to see Joe Biden do a
push-up competition with me especially
if he wins how cool would that be well I
mean come on you you would think it was
entertaining no matter who won you know
if he could do more push-ups than me
that would be a great a great story I
would love that
because if if his age he could do I
don't know 25 push-ups that's great
that's great that's that's nothing but
positive so politics aside fitness is
important Joe Biden if you would like to
do a push-up competition with me it's a
real offer we can do a buy Skype and we
can even do it asynchronously you could
do yours and then I'll do mine
separately and we won't see the other
one so we both have to create a video
that's continuous showing it and then
we'll just compare them but not until we
you know you so
do as many as I can I could do it at the
same time on skype which would be even
better
but it's a real offer and it's and the
real offer is but not because I want to
embarrass Biden it's actually the
opposite
I'm much younger than Biden and I should
be able to be at him at push-ups but I
think he might be me which would be
terrific good for the country good for
people of a certain age good for good
for fitness so it's a it's a genuine
offer a push-up competition and I'll
talk to you all later