so hold on a second while we get going
hey everybody pom pom pom pom pom pom
Joel you can enjoy the theme song
alright I'm here today with Joel Pollak
senior editor at large at Breitbart whoo
hey Joel say hi say I
Joel join me in the theme song bum bum
bum bum look the stereo gets better
every time alright
I asked Joel here to give us a brief
tutorial on the Iran nuclear deal trying
to figure out is that a good deal is it
a bad deal if it's a bad deal what's
wrong with it can we fix it just as
briefly as possible to sort of educate
us get us up to speed Joel could you
could you run us through that just give
us the Iran nuclear deal idiot version
conclusion but to answer your question
yes it's a bad deal it's in fact a
terrible deal but that doesn't
necessarily mean that we should tear it
up because when you're looking at your
options what matters is what's happening
now what your alternatives are now not
what they ought to have been if you had
done a better job getting yourself to
this point so let's just explain briefly
why the deal is bad so before the Iran
deal the situation that we had was Iran
had been trying to build nuclear weapons
for decades that were working up to
doing this and the United Nations
eventually caught on and passed a series
of resolutions banning Iran from doing
any kind of nuclear enrichment and what
was extraordinary about these
resolutions was that they were unanimous
in some cases and Russia and China let
them go through remember Russia and
China tend to veto everything that we
want at the UN Security Council this
time they actually agreed so we held all
the car
all the leverage we were passing
sanctions the international community
was on board and Iran was really
suffering economically because of their
regimes pursuit of nuclear weapons the
Obama administration then decided to
reach this agreement where essentially
we gave up all of that leverage in
exchange for some very flimsy promises
from the other side and you can explain
that at any number of ways you know why
Scott likes to say there are different
models that explain the fact one model
would be that Obama was secretly an
Iranian plant who wanted to give the
store away I don't agree with that model
but that does explain the fact but you
could also explain the facts with a more
sympathetic approach to Obama you could
say he's a patriot who believed this was
the best way to divest ourselves of war
in the Middle East if we made Iran
strong and we made here on a dominant
power in the region then maybe there'd
be more stability and we wouldn't have
to send troops over there and get
involved in messes and I think that how
many of the members of the Obama
administration sincerely felt they
really thought they were doing the right
thing
now Joel did you ever hear anybody
explain it that way let's can we kind of
quickly get into what's the detail of
the deal that works or doesn't work okay
so the idea is on our end we give up the
sanctions that we've had on the Iranian
economy
plus we unfroze hundreds of billions of
dollars in Iranian assets that we had
frozen for many years and we also gave
them over a billion dollars in cash as
part of the transaction now the official
explanation is that some of that was due
to some old weapons purchases but in
many ways it was also a ransom because
Iran was holding four Amer
Ekans prisoner effectively holding them
hostage and we delivered this cash to
them on pallets in the middle of the
night on a cargo plane all look very
very dodgy so we gave them all of these
benefits in return they slowed down some
of their nuclear centrifuges they slowed
down their development of nuclear
materials they slowed down any research
and progress on nuclear weapons programs
and that Sun sets out after six years
eight years ten years they're different
Sun sets in the deal but those aren't
permanent commitments they're mostly
temporary commitments although the Obama
administration tried to say well the
Iranian parliament passed a resolution
they're not going to seek nuclear
weapons for 25 years and that sort of
thing but that's all just on paper
effectively Iran can start to resume
some of the activities that it was doing
before the deal after about a decade or
so so a big complaint was we gave away
all of our leverage we gave you Iran all
of this cash some of which was arguably
there we had control over and we only
got these commitments to stop nuclear
enrichment for now because eventually
they can know do we also care about the
the missiles that was that ever part of
the deal or we should have been right
great question so the Obama
administration actually misled itself
there were people involved in the
negotiations who believed the deal was
going to include missiles but it didn't
what happened was the actual text of the
deal does not include missiles but the
UN Security Council resolution that was
passed alongside the deal does include a
restriction on missile research but it's
not binding language it's very
suggestive language you know Iran should
not do this but it's not legally binding
so but are they are they doing it do we
see them doing yes okay yeah so they're
launching all kinds of missiles we
complain about it and we say this is not
in the spirit of the deal sometimes we
say this isn't in the deal you know the
Obama administration was
more lenient than the Trump
administration has been but essentially
the deal was written so badly that the
Iranians can make an argument that
they're allowed to do it now let me ask
you this what why do we care that this
is sort of sounds like the dumb question
why do we care if Iran has good weapons
who are they going to use it on it
sounds like a dumb question but it's not
well it hello but let's not pass through
that one what what are the odds what do
you think of the odds that Iran is
unstable enough to destroy itself just
to destroy Israel because of course Iran
would be evaporated small area would be
worth whatever retaliation Israel would
send because Iran is a big country and
it would be harder to wipe out Iran so
there have actually been Iranian leaders
who've said this there's all hell but
but you you know Iran does have a big
brother you know or Iran would be
evaporated
well that's literally the messengers of
God that they would try to bring about
that kind of confrontation that sort of
conflagration because then the end of
the world would come and that would
bring about the arrival of the 12th
mighty or whichever prophet they're
waiting forward to come and save the
world and know normally you know you
wouldn't necessarily think that this
would be a consideration but there are
some pretty crazy people running Iran
and especially the last President
Mahmoud Ahmadinejad was pretty nuts and
so people feared that Iran was so
religiously fundamentalist that this
would actually be a desirable outcome
they wouldn't actually care give Israel
retaliated because they would be saved
in the religious salvation that would
follow this war to end all wars now I've
always been deeply curious about
and let me say that if I were Israel I
would treat those threats like they were
a hundred percent certain because you
don't take any chance of being
completely annihilated so Israel has to
treat it like it's a certainty but from
our sort of you know Aries safe place
over here
do you believe there's anybody in Iran
sending a room talking to each other
saying you know it's okay with me if we
get blown up because we got that
religion thing working for us we got the
afterlife because uh honestly I don't
believe there's any human in Iran who's
having that conversation and actually
literally believes they'd be better off
under that scenario feel they can't take
that chance like the Saudis who are also
in the flight path of the Iranian
missiles in some of the other smaller
Gulf countries and then there's Western
Europe and the Iranian missiles that are
being developed would have the range to
hit Western Europe there's also the
question of what kind of life you have
when you're in that range you might not
believe it Ron is actually going to do
something but when Iran can hit you it
might constrain what you're able to do
just an ordinary course of business Iran
can threaten shipping can already
threaten shipping through the Persian
Gulf it can threaten the Mediterranean
especially now that it's involved in
Syria which has a coast in the eastern
Mediterranean so Iran is using missiles
not just to make threats but to expand
its reach as a power not just in the
Persian Gulf what but also get to the
Mediterranean well you know I've always
been puzzled by the fact that you know
the u.s. and Iran we feel we can't be
friends and we feel that the religious
difference there's got to be the you
know the big part of that because
they're driven by you know irrational
forces that we can't understand and you
can't deal with but how is it that they
get along with Russia Russia is not
exactly the most Pro Islamic place in
the world and it seems like if they can
get along with Russia
is there no scenario that they can ever
get along with us and what you know
Israel's a tougher question but at least
America well by some measures the
Iranian people are actually the most
pro-american people in the Middle East
outside of Israel because the American
people and the Iranian people have a
long relationship going back many
decades and Iranians admire America
ordinary Iranian people admire America
very pro-american in general it's the
regime that's the problem and there's an
argument I would recommend people read
an essay today by Eli Lake in Bloomberg
who says that Iran is so unstable right
now because the people are so fed up
with their regime that perhaps the best
option is not to do anything but just to
keep this uncertainty around Iran and to
let the regime collapse because once the
regime is gone there's no conflict with
Iran there's no reason to fear what
might come next so that and that also
argues that a 10-year deal that would be
bad if it you know at the 11th deal it
would sunset and turn bad might be very
close to a permanent deal because nobody
knows what's going to happen in 10 years
and it feels unlikely that the Iranian
regime would be anything like what it
looks like today and boy here's the
interesting thing so you might say we
have a couple of options on most of the
Republican candidates said they wanted
to do but it's not sure how you would
then deal with Iran's nuclear program
because they would just go on producing
nuclear weapons or nuclear material or
whatever you could enforce it rigidly
which is what Donald Trump said he would
do during the election and I actually
thought that was probably the most
interesting position because there are
provisions in the deal that allow us to
inspect their military sites if we
actually enforced a deal the way it's
written we could do a pretty good job of
making sure they weren't producing
nuclear material and nuclear weapons
unfortunately the Europeans are very
skittish about actually enforcing the
deal because they like the deal they're
doing a lot of trade or they could
potentially do a lot of trade with the
Iranian regime and then there's the
option of this fix
they're talking about a new Iran deal
which the French president mentioned
yesterday with Trump but there's a lot
of fears that that new fix could make
things worse for a variety of reasons
and even ilayk makes the argument that
look Iran has failed to benefit from the
deal in one of the ways we thought they
would yes we gave them billions of
dollars yes we removed the sanctions but
because Trump was elected because Trump
is bringing all this uncertainty now a
lot of countries are fearful of
investing in Iran and that investment
that they thought they were going to get
the big economic windfall hasn't
happened so their currency is in
freefall and the people are furious
because their government keeps sending
all this money to fight wars in Syria
and pay terrorists in Africa and other
places so it's possible that Trump's
best position could be to increase the
uncertainty and to do what he's done
with his Twitter account which is to
encourage the Iranian protesters to keep
rebellion against the regime and
eventually pressure them to such an
extent that they have to come to us for
a tour to benefits and that's when we
have additional leverage to get them to
improve the deal or we just wait for
them to collapse and then you don't even
need a deal
so no the framing let me test this
framing you're obviously far more
knowledgeable about this whole area so
let's see if this makes sense you know
I've said it the best argument with Iran
is that as long as the internet exists
and they have this big population bubble
of young people who are you know
pro-western pro-us or at least not anti
in the US that the Iranian system is
going to change and probably in the next
10 years no matter what there's nothing
that the US does you know it'll just be
internally the internet plus young
people equals change and that we could
either be part of helping them get to
that next level or part of the problem
so this seems to be the Iranian regime
if they want to maintain anything like
their theocracy needs to start getting
flexible now because they don't have any
path to the future there's there's no
you can't you can't write on paper
okay this is how the Iranian regime in
its current form last ten years there's
no plan that works like that yeah the
other thing is by investing in better
energy technology in the United States
we've managed to lower the price of oil
so Iran has failed to benefit from the
windfall they thought they were going to
get with continued high oil prices I
think their national budget depends on
oil being something like a hundred and
fifty dollars a barrel Wow you know and
we've basically just undercut that by
investing in fracking and shale and all
the things we've been doing so oil is
about a half that sixty something that
their economy is badly run but the
people there as you say they're
interested in the internet the Internet
is very highly censored there but the
young people there are very smart very
bright they're interested in building
new technologies of their own they want
to be part of the broader world and the
more we make that world attractive and
the more we show them the benefits of
doing it I think the tougher it does get
for the regime okay so if you had to
predict do you think the president Trump
can get an improvement in the deal or at
least a better understanding with Iran
through his Trump like talents I think
he will find a way to create more
uncertainty so that he wins either way
as you pointed out two ways to win the
problem with a new deal fix and this has
been explained to me by experts to
really understand what's possibly coming
in the fix one of the things they're
thinking of doing is finding a way to
stop Iran's missile program so the
Europeans will agree to that they'll say
okay let's have New Deal where Iran
agrees to stop developing the long-range
missiles but that's not really so good
because Iran doesn't have any long-range
missiles they're not giving anything up
but they still have all the short-range
and they will continue to develop those
so if Trump agrees to that he could give
sanction to he could approve of
effectively Iran developing short-range
missiles so the fix might be worse than
what we have now even though the
intentions might be good so what I think
Trump will do is find a way to apply
American sanctions to certain Iranian
behaviors that don't necessarily require
Europe to cooperate with us and that way
he will add to the pressure on Iran
without blowing up the deal entirely so
that if the deal gets broken it will be
broken by Iran and in that case we will
have more diplomatic clout with Europe
to either get a better deal or to
reimpose all the sanctions and really go
for broke against the Iranian regime
what is the track record of the current
Iranian regime when they make a let's
say a public pronouncement that says we
will do this or we will not do that and
have they been or what are there any big
examples let's say the last 10 years
where they said we will do this and then
they just we know they didn't do it
we have that track record wait let me
clarify the question those are the
things I do expect they would lie just
like every other country but there's a
different category because there are a
theocracy so if they pass you know a fog
wah or that or if the supreme leader
says no matter what we do we're never
going to wear a yellow hats you know is
there anything where they've said this
is our the I'm putting my leaders word
on the line you know I'm taking the
credibility the credibility of the
theocracy and this is we're not going to
do this in those cases have they ever
not done it you know it's hard to think
of an example where they've stepped away
from something and kept that commitment
but you can think of examples where
they've made threats and they've
delivered I mean they banned the Satanic
Verses the the novel by Salman Rushdie
and they had a law on him for many
years and he took that seriously enough
to live in hiding for
decades they threatened retaliation
against the United States and Israel for
various things and they they carried out
a terrorist attack a couple years ago in
Bulgaria against a busload of group but
Israeli tourists so they do keep their
word on threats to the extent that they
can that's one of the reasons they're
dangerous to the United States they have
good relations with a lot of our enemies
or our rivals with Venezuela with Cuba
and that sort of thing so they they're
projecting a threat into our hemisphere
as well why what why do you think they
want to project a threat into yeah is is
a defensive the bad guys but we are in
their view and the theocrats view we are
the embodiment of Satan on earth and
they got rid of Satan in Iran by having
this revolution in 1979 but to make the
world perfect for their religious
purposes they've got to rid the world of
us entirely that's why even though Obama
was giving them everything they could
have wanted billions of dollars and so
forth they kept having rallies saying
death to America in the streets and
Obama had a hard time people but that's
part of the regime that's why people
like me are very skeptical of the deal
because we do think that Iran is crazy
enough or at least the leaders are crazy
enough to do crazy things for the sake
of their religious beliefs so you may
have heard me talk about what I call the
Golden Age and the Golden Age is where
we realize that our problems were more
psychological than real and this is sort
of a classic one now I like to stay
skeptical on anything that matters that
it hasn't been just proven to me beyond
you know a reasonable doubt if because I
like to keep my flexibility and one of
the things that I could believe I could
easily believe but has not been
demonstrated to my level of skeptical
you know I guess my it hasn't hit my
threshold is that there really are other
people in the arraign
in leadership who are this crazy yeah
I'd love to it I don't know how you
verify that because remember the the
thing that held us back with North Korea
is the assumption that he was crazy and
then as soon as we put it to the test
he's acted nothing but rationally and
right and I believe the current thinking
is that Kim jong-un went from let's say
a year and a half ago oh definitely
crazy there's no doubt about it look at
all the proof - oh yeah we were a
hundred percent wrong about that he's
just he's just completely rational so do
you think there's any chance that we
could have that kind of realization with
Iran to mutual benefit I think so
and the proof for that would be what
happened when George W Bush invaded Iraq
whatever the rights and wrongs of that
war it scared the Iranian regime into
thinking we were crazy enough to invade
countries that had these weapons
programs or even pretended to have the
weapons programs
so Iran actually stopped its nuclear
weapons research and development for a
few years after we invaded Iraq so they
are capable of acting rationally when
there is some threat of annihilation
again this could be a matter of
disagreement among the ayatollahs some
think it's worth risking annihilation
something it isn't but if we could
project a threat again to Iran it
doesn't necessarily have to be military
but remember what what Donald Trump did
with Kim jong-un was basically counter
his craziness with craziness and
unpredictability of his own to the point
where Kim jong-un realized he had a
partner
byron fury I think was the phrase term
used to describe what would happen in
North Korea and people believed him or
enough people inside the regime believed
him but but it hit but a did snap snapt
everybody from crazy to uncrazy
yes yes so there's a possibility we
could do that again with Iran I think
the problem is we've sent them so many
signals over the last 15 years that we
retreat in the face of threats george w
bush back down obama pulled out of iraq
premature
the Donald Trump hasn't decided yet what
his policy is in Syria even he attacks
the chemical weapons facilities which is
nice and crazy and unpredictable but he
also says I want to get out of there as
soon as possible so Iran think so okay
we just have to wait this guy out so we
have to I think apply some of that magic
that Trump used with North Korea to Iran
and they're watching us very closely
that the foreign minister of Iran made a
remark earlier this week that if we
pulled out of the Iran deal it would
hurt our relations with North Korea he
basically said if you pull out it'll
show you can't keep your commitments why
would Kim jump on and agree to do
anything with you if you don't follow
through on the deal with us so they're
watching everything we do and triangular
fries and everything you said is is
rational behavior on their part so so
here's the thing I I like to challenge
assumptions as somebody said the
difference between North Korea and Iran
of course there's lots of difference but
a key one is that Iran is operating from
a religious base therefore they might
not have the same you know rational
decision-making process that we would
imagine is rational but look look at the
recent example we had of the religious
right embracing president Trump who saw
that being okay but my point is that and
he thought that because they have a
religious framework can't get them to a
good common sense
rational safe place is an assumption
that could be tested I think now you
know what you don't want to test it by
giving them a lot of stuff and saying
hey be our friend now you don't have to
put out in the pressure but I feel like
there's some place we can get there that
that would work for for them and us that
would not endanger Israel or the rest of
the world don't even discuss but it's
the fact that the supreme leader
quote-unquote of Iran the Ayatollah the
Ayatollah Ali Khamenei is very gold and
not healthy yeah and we may just need to
wait for someone else to come along who
says you know what we got to do things
differently so
change in leadership and time is on our
side yeah that's what I'm thinking
I a speaking of time I'm Way over the
time that I asked you to be with gay I
appreciate that
are you out of time I don't know I don't
know if you had a all right I think I
get most of my questions let me ask you
just the final question do you think we
can reach a stable point with Iran in
which Israel would be safe and we've
accomplished our our objectives for a
completely new Iranian regime and so
that's why I think Trump has taken the
right approach in being vehemently
against the regime even while he's being
very careful about what he does
practically so I think we can get to a
more stable place because there's
nothing inherently inherent to the
Iranian character there's nothing about
the Iranian people themselves it means
we have to be at odds with them it's
just the nature of their theocratic
regime it's one of the most repressive
totalitarian systems you know Kim
jong-un has a cult of the leader but
with Iran you've also got this essential
religious cult running the country and I
mean they beat people in the streets for
not wearing the right clothes and things
like that I mean it's it's really a
problem and the people are sick of it so
I think we can get to a more stable
place but it requires us to see the
regime as the problem and I think Obama
saw the regime is the solution because
he said well they have absolute control
therefore they can deliver on a deal and
I just think he thought the nature of
regime was amenable to stability but
their destabilizing everybody including
themselves I think with with some change
there we could see more stability
no keep in mind we also said that Kim
Jong gun was the problem and we wouldn't
be able to work as long as he was there
well Dennis Rodman showed us
we do the Iranians play basketball
because maybe we have a we have the way
forward there at Dennis will will visit
the Iranian athletes forfeit matches
against Israeli athletes rather than
compete they would give up matches I
don't think North Korea has ever
forfeited a match you know they may hate
all these other countries they may hate
us they may hate Israel who knows they I
don't think they've ever given up a
basketball game or anything else whereas
Iran will literally forfeit wrestling
matches and fencing matches and chess
matches and everything not to recognize
Israel and other countries so that's a
different level of a weird and I think
once you have an there once the Iranians
get tired of losing because losing by
forfeit I think then you might have an
opening all right well thank you so much
Joel for joining us
hey everybody thank Joel and this was
really good III really I really needed
all of that that that background really
helps me a lot so this was tremendous
and and thank you all right take care
Joel all right so that was a little test
a little tutorial on the Iranian deal
that helped me a lot you know when you
watch TV or read an article you always
think to yourself but I have questions
you're talking about the thing that I
want to ask you a question about another
thing and so it was it was really fun
for me to be able to make sure that I
got the questions answered that were my
you know my blank sponsor on a slightly
different topic I saw a bit in Zero
Hedge the publication Zero Hedge today
and
I woke up late and got right into this
so I'm a little behind on the news is
the news that the three places we we
missile attacked in Syria
did not have any signs of chemical
weapons is that a confirmed story yet
is anybody seeing that oh wow I'm just
looking at your comments and people like
this a lot huh yeah I need to have a
better technology set up here but I
thought the the delivery of information
was tremendous use an iPad next time
well I probably just needed a better
system in general all right yesterday
shirt no it's not yesterday shirt oh so
so it is true that the Syrian attack
does not seem to have hit anything they
had nuclear weapons well do you remember
what I said about the attack on Syria
does anybody remember my comments on
periscope because what I said was can
you explain to me why we were why we
knew three weapons met why we knew that
there were three chemical weapons plants
in Syria and we knew exactly where they
were enough so that we could bomb them
and remember I said that sounds a little
suspicious today that we know exactly
where these plants are and oh by the way
we don't mind bombing them and sending
up a you know a big plume of deadly gas
into the into the civilian population of
Syria
so let's wait to see if that news is
confirmed I don't want to give you fake
news on here but if it turns out that if
it turns out that the the sites that we
bombed or missile in Syria did not have
any chemical weapons that will be an
interesting story sources yeah I think
we have to wait for sources on that so
look so so I would ask you not to assume
that what I just told you is actually
factual I'm just telling you I read one
article I would need confirmation in
that doesn't matter if they had weapons
there that is correct
I believe the calculation was probably
that we needed to send some some bombs
over there we needed to show that we
were not playing around but there wasn't
anything we really deeply wanted to do
or it could do we just need to make a
make a show of it so I think that we
made a show of it there may or may not
have been any chemical weapons in those
three sites who was Joel again uh Joel
 senior editor at large at
Breitbart and a friend so the sound was
okay was it I didn't see anybody are
complaining about the sound when I was
talking to - Joel all right well I will
try to do maybe some more interviews did
he change my strategy in winning over
Iran well I don't know that I have a
strategy per se but I have I have talked
about framing it as if Iran thinks that
the framework now is how do we stay the
same without letting the United States
change us I think that framework can be
changed because Iran as Joel said Iran
is going to change Iran doesn't have a
no change option the only thing that
they can control maybe
is what they changed to because the the
young people there plus Internet equals
change and you know if we have a you
know if we have a 10-year deal I don't
know if you can predict 10 years into
the future whatever and even looks like
alright that's enough for this morning
I'm going to shut it down for now and
I'll talk to you again sometime soon