bump hey everybody hey Thomas hey
everybody I keep waiting for another
name to come up on the comments and that
it paused good morning Mustang girl GG
Brett come on in here
you know what time it is it's time for
coffee with Scott Adams and if you have
your beverage and it's in a cup a glass
of Stein a mug any kind of a container
this is the time to lift it to your lips
and enjoy the simultaneous scent that's
the good stuff
so let's talk about some of the things
in the news oil prices are crashing
that's right the price of oil is way
down it's good if you're a consumer it's
bad if you're in the oil industry or a
few owned oil stocks as I do so I can't
I can't tell you this is great for my
portfolio however it does tell you that
whatever we're doing with Iran isn't
going to hurt oil prices if you know
what I mean so Iran is in a lot of
trouble right now because not only are
we giving them economic sanctions but
whatever little oil they can sell is
going to be sold at the lowest price and
so suddenly we have all this economic
leverage because the US has such a
strong economy that oil up oil down it's
not going to make that much difference
to us but it will make or break Iran so
while you are looking over here at
caravans and Jim Acosta and all that
stuff things in the Middle East are
starting to line up here's the here's
the first thing that's lining up
the Saudi leader needs to do something
to shall we say partially redeem himself
from this killing of khashoggi at the
Turkish embassy and I would not be
surprised to find some announcements
some progress some really big deals
coming out of the Middle East might
involve Iran it might involve Saudi
Arabia certainly would involve Israel
whether directly or indirectly but I'm
feeling like the elements are all
distorting to drift in the same
direction
you know it's feeling like it feels like
North Korea felt a year ago which is
that there's more heading in the
direction of good than bad people are
prompting me to talk about the alleged
alleged I say election fraud in at least
Florida I think that's a wait-and-see I
believe that if you're looking at the
anecdotal evidence yeah they're stories
of somebody found a box of votes and if
you're normal you say to yourself they
found a box of votes two days after the
vote I'm not sure that's real so but
anything you hear at this point is still
a fog of war stuff so I'm discounting
almost everything I hear except that we
should definitely get a handle on this
at the very least law enforcement of
some nature should be surrounding that
place just to protect the Republic now I
have a question for you
it's well understood I think by most
people in this country most smart people
that there's no such thing as really
voter fraud in this country that you
hear stories but overall overall our
system is you know very reliable over
all give or take some individual cases
but why is it that everyone has a
recount
everybody has recounts built into their
system right they have different laws on
recounts but why do you need recounts if
your system is so good
those are two things they can't exist
simultaneously either the system is not
reliable possibly because of ordinary
mistakes bugs in the system you know
things that don't get recorded but also
because of the potential for playing
with it yeah so even though even though
the recount doesn't kick in until about
a 1% level you know most of them have a
threshold things have to be this close
before the recount if you are going to
do something fraudulent at least in this
country where everything is polled and
measured the only way you're going to
get away with it is if the natural
difference was around 1% so if the if
the natural difference is sort of than
that 1% range then I would think there's
a lot of a lot of potential for fraud
once you get that close you know I I
don't see in this country anybody
getting 40% more votes than they belong
then they deserve that's probably not
happening
so I do not have an opinion about
whether the Florida stuff is crooked in
Broward County
but like you my antennas are fully up as
a what did Marco Rubio just say what did
rick scott just say about their own
state why what what all right so I'm
like you I'm on
got 20,000 about how important it is
that we get this right but it's a little
early to know exactly what's going on
there so I'm just being a little bit
cautious but like you got my suspicions
now see mmm it was reporting as you know
both CNN and Fox News like to add a lot
of each other you know they both talked
about the bad behavior of the other and
Chris Cuomo and Don Lemon were talking
about how on Fox News the story of the
caravan suddenly when suddenly went from
this dangerous invasion to not even a
story and well they do have sort of a
point there don't they but I would add a
few things to that number one as I've
said from the beginning nobody on either
side of the discussion believed that the
caravan was a big problem nobody had Fox
News thought it was a big problem
everybody but understands that if the
caravan did whatever it wanted to do and
in got its way no matter what that
looked like to you but if the caravan
got its way and most of those people got
into the country the real question is
what happens next well the next thing
that happens is more caravans right so
when CNN talks about Oh Fox News you're
making a bigger deal about this it's no
invasion it's just a few hundred people
that's falling apart there are hundreds
and miles from our our border and all
that that's all totally valid but it's
also not the right point the point has
nothing to do with this care event
because this Caravan is not really a big
deal when you look at the whole world
the whole country it's what happens next
so we'll see what happens next I would
say that the president has done a good
job of making sure that what happens
next turns into a non-issue because he
moved the military down there he's
making whatever changes he needs
- he has threatened them sufficiently
that apparently they've backed off he's
also worked with Mexico to you know make
accommodations within Mexico so I think
the president has carved away on the
caravan in all the right ways and
psychologically legally militarily
security wise to make it a non-issue
which also pretty much guarantees that
there won't be another string of
caravans coming through as long as
there's a president Trump because
whatever happened this time is going to
inform them what the next one looks like
so it's not a coincidence
the caravan left the news because once
the election is over it actually is less
important and it also has been largely
dealt with so it did shrink from big and
scary to nothing nothing we should worry
about at the moment but it does have to
be dealt with I'm I love watching CNN
when they label the Fox News a wholly
owned subsidiary of the Trump
administration so the the CNN framing of
their competitor their mortal enemy Fox
News is that Fox News is just in the
pocket of Trump and the Trump
administration now if you watch the news
you would know that clearly Fox News is
a pro Trump Pro conservative editorial
slant and CNN and CNN consistently is
sort of a Clinton democrat kind of a
slant so as either of them accused the
other they're both largely right but
I've said this before and I'm going to
say it again there does seem to me a
difference in how Fox labels its opinion
versus its news when you're watching you
know Shepard Smith for example if you're
watching him it looks like news and he
does not seem to be in the pocket of
Trump
right if you watch why am i blacken on
his name neil cavuto he sometimes loves
what Trump is doing sometimes he doesn't
and that feels fair you don't really see
that on CNN right you don't see anybody
on CNN who's an on-air personality who
sometimes agrees with the president and
sometimes doesn't on a fairly regular
basis Bret Baier is another one you know
he's hard news seems to stick to the
facts it does not look like opinion when
he when he presents it but that he take
Hannity Hannity is just clearly an
opinion show and he labels it as clearly
as you would ever want it labeled he
says it as clearly as you want one to
say it as often as he wants to say it at
the end he tells you these personal
friends with the president so when I
watch Hannity like I can put that in the
right context but here's where it gets
dicey when I'm watching let's say
Anderson Cooper's show Anderson Cooper
is most well known for being a hard news
guide most of his career he was the guy
in the hurricane the disaster of the war
zone you know and and when he was
reporting you weren't getting opinion he
was telling you there's a flood here
this you know this is happening I mean
he did the hard work of real journalism
but at the moment his current job is
sort of this weird hybrid where he's
sort of the serious moderator and the
pundits are doing the job of the opinion
and because it's him
I think our minds give it more weight as
being news because when you see Anderson
Cooper you say well that's a news guy
and then you hear one of his pundits say
and and the president's obviously a
white supremacist or whatever they
whatever they say on CNN and you will
see P you won't see anybody disagree
with it so don't you don't you process
it
as though you heard news when in fact it
was opinion I think that's a difference
but I'd be open to a counter-argument on
that so the only point is that Fox News
seems to label its opinion more clearly
than CNN and I don't know if any of
that's intentional it just could be the
way things roll down now you're
wondering will Trump fire Muller now
that he's got Whitaker in place and
here's my take on that my take is that
the president doesn't make decisions
until it's time to make the decision but
he does walk right up to the line so
that when it's the perfect time he can
make the decision so if you're asking
yourself has the president already
decided to fire Muller or not my best
guess and again we can't read his mind
right but my best guess is that he has
not made that decision but he has quite
intentionally walked right up to the
line and put a toe over it so that you
know it's it's in the air it's possible
here's what's happening because of that
number one were in a period where people
are sure he's going to fire or at least
the opponents his opponents are sure
he's going to fire Muller and so they're
protesting etc at the same time he's not
firing Muller so all the protests are
hey you can't fire Muller you can't fire
Muller while the reality is Muller still
in this job so there's a strange
situation where the president has
created a situation in which his
opponents are punching themselves out
they're exhausting themselves on
something that is completely imaginary
right now which is not to say it
couldn't happen there's a very good
chance it will happen but at the moment
they're flaming out punching themselves
silly on something that they are
imagining might happen
what will happen if he lets them do this
for a while let's say they go to maximum
you know protest maximum excitement
maximum emotional whatever they're gonna
get used to it here's here's the great
persuasion level that's a little bit
invisible unless you study this stuff as
I say often you can get used to anything
humans get used to their situation is
very quickly and so anything that's
terrible and even anything that's
amazing if you're exposed to it too much
and for you know to consistently you
just get sort of blind to it it's
emotional value just starts trending
down so trump has created this situation
where he's not done anything wrong he he
has not fired Mahler at the same time
his enemies are going nuts using up all
their energy against the thing that
hasn't happened should he decide in the
future to make it happened all of their
outrage will have been siphoned off oh
yeah they'll still make a big deal about
it I'm not saying they won't make a big
big deal about it but the level of
intensity is going to be totally lower
because people just got used to it and
bored by it and are we still talking
about Muller Muller was so last week we
already protested Muller don't tell me I
have to protest Muller again so the
president is creating this brilliant
situation of advantage without making
the decision and my guess is he has not
made that decision that he's just ready
to make it should he need to now here
are some other points on the Mahler
thing I believe there is zero chance
zero chance that we will never hear what
Muller has found out about the president
specifically all right I want to say
that very clearly
I think there's zero chance under any
scenario that we won't find out
any bad news about the president that
came out of the Muller indictment or the
Muller investigation and the reason is
that there there are always leaks there
are leaks there are legal you know there
will be legal things there will be
documents left and Printers there will
be there'll be assistants who flip there
isn't the slightest chance the slightest
chance that the public will be denied
whatever it is that Muller found do you
know who would leak it
well somebody close to Muller if not
Muller himself if it mattered imagine if
it mattered imagine if Muller had the
goods you imagine if Muller had
something that was like really good
stuff first of all we probably would
know it by now because leaks right where
people would have seen the signs of it
you would have seen you know lawyers
Laureen up in places you didn't expect
and that would give you a tip-off that
sort of thing so although although
Muller has been excellent in preventing
leaks and I gotta say you have to
compliment the guy whatever a Muller's
group is doing do not have leaks is
really impressive it's very impressive
so you can't take that away from but my
guess is this that there is a real issue
about how many of the small trails
Muller takes before he wraps it up you
know does is he bleeding out into fields
that he shouldn't be such as the
president's taxes or other people who
weren't involved with a campaign and
that sort of thing
so I think that's a real question and
here's how I suggest fixing it they are
ready for this I don't believe in goals
I believe in systems so what would be a
system that would make the people on the
Left happy while also ending the Muller
investigation on a timely in a timely
basis and it would look like this
if one of the issues is budget and the
critics of the president are saying no
you put Whitaker in that acting AG job
because he's already said in articles
before he was in this job he said that
maybe Miller's budget should be shrunk
to constrain him and so people are
worried oh no it's a backdoor way to
control Muller by his budget so I would
suggest the following appoint a budget
judge a budget judge an actual judge a
setting judge who is the only person
outside of Muller's team who is allowed
to look at what Muller's doing and the
budget judge would never talk could not
tell the president what he finds can't
tell Whitaker what he finds but he can
get into all the details and say okay
Muller what do you have and Muller says
okay we've got this and this and this
and that parts done but we need this
much more budget to look into these
extra things and then the budget judge
says I judge that you should have more
budget or half a budget or you should
wrap it up just budget wise just budget
wise we'll get rid of all the people who
say I'm blocking all the people who say
it's boring here we go I'll block all
the people who say that did you and I
know I know you don't mean well people
were telling me the topic is boring but
I'm blocking you anyway because I don't
need that kind of energy here and so a
budget judge because then the budget
judge will be accountable for it later
because later everybody will know what
the situation was eventually we all know
what the situation was and they'll be a
cannibal let's talk about some other
systems I'm gonna think outside the box
now all right I'm thinking outside the
box on guns
you know that we've had obviously huge
gun problems in this country and it
doesn't seem like we're ever gonna get
to the point where we ban all the guns
and nobody's ever going to be happy with
allowing guns the way they are so we
have two situations that can't they
can't last we can't have the current
situation go on and we it's hard to
change anything because the gun people
so here's my out-of-the-box suggestion
for solving the gun problem are you
ready
make it mandatory if you own a gun
mandatory membership in the NRA it takes
a while to think about why that makes
sense
but let me tell you what's the first
thing that the NRA is concerned about
they're concerned that there would be
some kind of a national registry of who
owns guns but do you know who already
has a national registry of who owns guns
the NRA the NRA has a list of its
membership pretty much a hundred percent
of those people own guns there might be
somebody who gave away their gone and
still wants to be a member but for the
most part the NRA does have a national
registry of who owns guns and who cares
about guns now on top of that the NRA is
the most proactive organization for gun
safety as many of you are saying in the
comments right there the most proactive
on gun safety and here's the best part
they also have the most interest in
reducing gun violence whoo but the NRA
has that much interest in reducing gun
violence because it's their entire you
have the reason for being you know you
and I have other things to worry about
gun violence is just one of the big
things we're worried about but we have
lots of other things to worry about the
NRA has one thing to worry about keeping
guns safely it's the safely part the
they need to figure out so what if you
just take government out of the job and
say look here's the deal
if you want a gun at the same time you
have to sign up for the NRA because the
NRA is going to be trying to educate you
there couldn't be trying to figure out
more about their members they might even
come up with wait for it
the NRA might come up with its own gun
control measures why because as soon as
you take the government out of it and
you say ok it's a private organization
we all get to vote within this
organization let's decide how we want to
handle guns but the government is not
part of it the government won't be part
of that so the NRA could collectively
say ok now that the government is out of
the decision-making we're not worried
about the slippery slope anymore because
we're making our own decisions gun
owners are making the decisions nobody
else gun owners are making the decisions
for gun owners not the government now
suddenly you're flexible because you're
saying there's no slippery slope the gun
owners are not going to screw themselves
the government might screw us but the
gun owners are not going to screw
themselves so if the gun owners say
let's have this kind of a check let's
have this kind of a requirement let's
you know let's let's try this somewhere
it's going to be a lot more a lot more
palatable
now you also don't want people to have
to pay dues to the NRA so you might have
to have some kind of dual membership
level you know if you had a higher level
ship a level of membership maybe you get
some more benefits but you at least
needs to be on the mailing list and at
least need to be part of the
organization all right now this is an
out-of-the-box idea and so I do not
present it as a suggestion it's not a
suggestion it's just an end of the box
idea because when you first hear it
didn't you have the experience of why is
that a good idea it's not a good idea or
sighted by it idea and then it starts to
settle in with you that when you've
taken the responsibility away from the
governor
which is where all the constitutional
questions are and you put it in private
hands and you empower them and you make
it their brand make it their brand to
take care of this kind of stuff these
these shootings maybe you have something
here's another idea I have a hypothesis
which could be tested suppose you have
an app or some kind of a social media
add-on idea in which anybody could
report any other citizen that they
believe is a gun risk so so here's the
idea an app that anybody can report
anyone they think is a gun risk now if
you report your your your personal enemy
and there's only one of you and it's
just one report well the app just lets
us sit there and it doesn't do anything
because you don't want people just
report people they don't like
but suppose your app shows that the
mother reported the son the friend and
the girlfriend have all used the app to
report him and it's all confidential
then it starts beeping and then the
government starts asking questions holy
shoot we've got three people who are
confidential
so the girlfriend can say I didn't
report you the mother can say I don't
know what you're talking about
they just use their app and then it
starts gathering other information maybe
maybe once somebody has you know risen
up the line then maybe law enforcement
or other people start seeing their
social media posts and then you're
looking at their social media posts you
see that they've got somebody saying
that's a terrible idea I'm open to why
it's a terrible idea by the way you
could there's plenty of room for reasons
you know you don't have much room in
your comments but just just make a
reference to the category of reasons
false negatives there would be false
negatives but they would be rare
because you'd need multiple people from
different positions coming in and
reporting somebody and it would not
automatically mean that you lose your
guns so it wouldn't mean that it would
just mean that you've been flagged
so you're way off on your last three
ideas if you don't like those ideas
listen to this one it's about health
care I'm trying to understand and there
might be a reason for this by the way
but I'm trying to understand why there
can't be two separate healthcare tracks
in this country one that's a
single-payer type of situation but only
the people who sign up for it and if
they sign up for it they're also the
only ones who can ever be taxed to pay
for it now or in the future and then the
separate one that is completely private
you know sort like the current systems
but you can never get the benefits of
being in the other one so you can switch
sides anytime you want and and then
things would be adjusted or impro rated
whatever but they would be competing
plans the country is so big that the you
know half of the country would account
for you know bigger than a regular
country right so why are we arguing
about which way it should be
isn't that argument what dumb people do
if you can test it why don't you just do
it
what would stop people from volunteering
to be in the system
there was also competing against the
somebody's calling me a socialist is it
a socialist system to have two competing
systems that are both public and you can
freely go between them is that what
socialism looks like to you the because
that looks like pretty much not
socialism to me some of you are saying
yes yes yes I know a lot of my
the followers here have a sort of a
reflexive feeling about the socialism
but if socialism is optional I don't
know if that makes it socialism you know
if you personally never have to pay for
somebody else's choice is that really
socialism
that's a weird definition of it you
saying auntie firewood flag all their
enemies if there was an app that could
point out crazy gun people I think there
would actually be very little of that
but here's the thing those of you who
are saying that my app idea is terrible
you are not thinking right independent
of whether the idea is terrible because
it could be tested anything that can be
tested small should be tested there's
very little risk if you build this app
and let's say all bad people use it and
report all the wrong people and it
causes some problems well you just
cancel it like a month into it it's like
well we tried it for a month ant if I
used it to make a bunch of false claims
can't tell what's real what's it was
isn't so we'll stop using it that's it
if you have a problem this big you
should be trying a whole bunch of stuff
see what you learn from that what works
what doesn't it could be the building
app simply teaches you about something
else that does work and then you pivot
to that but those of you who are saying
that it's a terrible idea and they're
therefore should not be tried don't
understand how anything works everything
that works big God tried small so if
you're not trying stuff small you're not
really part of the you know the reason
the reason debate on anything all right
yeah there could be penalties for abuses
we can figure it out as we go but doing
nothing doing nothing would certainly
not make sense now
if you were so do you notice here that
for each of my ideas there seemed to be
people who hate them the the people who
are yelling socialism about any of these
ideas are probably the least credible
people in the conversation because if
all you're doing is labeling it with the
first word that comes to mind you're not
really engaging in the idea
you're just saying sauce all of them
social them that's more like Tourette's
syndrome you know sort of yeah if every
if every idea for how to reorganize or
organize better you know the society we
live in if your first response to all of
it is socialism socialism then you're
not really part of the serious
discussion you go and try first lol on
what is alright that's a ridiculous
comment now let's talk about some other
cool things happening in health care I
bought yesterday at my local CVS a
device to take my temperature by
pointing at my forehead have you heard
of this so I've got it downstairs but
it's about this size it's a little
device the $40 or something and instead
of sticking it up your bod or putting in
your mouth or sticking in your ear or
where you've got all these sanitary
problems you just hold it like an inch
away from your head push a button and it
tells you your body temperature without
even touching you I was trying it out
last night I think it works I think it
works you know at least they gave me a
body temperature this seemed reasonable
and then I also saw there's commercials
all over the place for a little device
you clip to your phone and it can give
you a FDA quality EKG yeah EKG so you
can test your heart
with your phone just putting your thumbs
on a little device that sticks into your
phone this stuff that's coming is really
really big we're very close a lot of you
don't know this background but after
9/11 when there was a lot of fear of
poisons from terrorists the government
tasked industry and there the government
labs especially to come up with a way to
test blood very quickly in the field to
find out what kind of poison the
terrorists had used so we went from a a
place 15 years ago or whatever where
where we couldn't easily test anybody's
blood to shrinking it down to handheld
devices we now have handheld devices
that can test just a little prick of
blood all kinds of stuff and I believe
you could probably stick them to your
phone and get an answer pretty quickly
so we're right on the right on the verge
of being able to do your own blood test
your own EKG test your you know test
your temperature there's also a I have a
small investment in a company that will
test your skin cancer with basically
something like a piece of tape you so
instead of having to carve out the the
suspicious mole and send it to a lab and
two weeks later you hear about it it's
literally a piece of tape you put it on
your suspicious thing that you go you
rip off the piece of tape you put it in
the Machine and it tells you if you got
skin cancer you know right there
now that machine was desktop it was sort
of like this big but I believe the
active part of it probably can shrink
and shrink to the point where you're
sticking it in your phone pretty close
right so we're gonna be so close and I
also think that there are apparently big
cost I've read articles where people are
getting the cost to say hey I think it's
a cat scan or a PET scan the Cask and I
think
that if you organize differently you
know you do some things differently if
some laws change the cost of a cat-scan
will come way down to you know a
fraction of what it is so if you start
combining all of these little bits of
technology that are coming online from
all these disparate sources we're very
close to being able to piece together
almost a self health care situation will
be having doctors to myapp the interface
by wind hub app I'll give you more of an
announcement of that at some point but
where we will be onboarding some doctors
so that you could call up you know use
the app and for a low price you can get
a doctor immediately you just pick one
that's online at the moment
boop-boo-boo-boop
and you have a video call with a doctor
now the doctor says well maybe you
should test this or that and you use
your devices of your phone or maybe your
neighbor has a device you don't have one
but you go borrow your neighbors and
suddenly you've got the best advice in
the world you've got Google to check
things you can you can get a second
opinion also on the app you can you know
test your blood test your skin and you
can sign up for you know a cat scan
that's 10% of the cost so it seems like
we're very close to where we could get
something like 80 percent of our health
care needs taken care of somewhat
locally with outside of any kind of a
health care system then you need
something like a catastrophic coverage
just for hospitals and such and I'm sure
that there are many many health care
costs which could come down and that I
know I noticed that the government is
also talking about lowering
pharmaceutical cost how do you lower
pharmaceutical costs I don't know what
the idea is for that
are we just telling the pharmaceutical
companies to lower the cost how does
that work well I hope it works
but it seems to me that our
pharmaceutical companies should be
giving us great deals in the United
States and overcharging other countries
to pay for it I don't know if that's an
option but I'd like to see it doctor
will say need to make an appointment the
the telemedicine doctors don't say that
because they don't make appointments so
obviously there are cases where you do
have to have somebody go in for the to
be checked out in person but the
telemedicine model is not built that way
the telemedicine model is trying to fix
things on the phone yeah whenever that's
practical I also wonder about the cost
of insurance let me ask you this have
you ever heard of the phrase
self-insured it refers to big companies
that are so big they don't need
insurance for a building for example
because even if the building blows up
the company itself is so large that it
can afford to pay for a new building so
self-insured it means that you're such a
big entity that any part of you can fall
apart and you still got plenty of money
to fix it yourself you don't have to pay
an insurance company for that and it
seems to me that the government has that
going for them if the only thing you did
with health care was remove the profit
from the insurance companies and say the
government will pay for whatever you
need because the government is
essentially the insurance company - but
there's no profit in insurance from the
government they simply print more money
or raise your taxes or whatever they
need to do if they need more money but
there's no insurance industry profit if
the only thing you did to healthcare is
say okay this half of the country
doesn't need insurance because the
government will act as though they are
they insure even though there's no
insurance involved wouldn't that take
down the cost of health care 30% am I
wrong how much is the insurance cost on
top of the actual service it's law right
just 30% high or low I don't even know
but I would guess that there's there are
lots of gains that could be made anyway
[Music]
I'm just looking at your comments right
now that is universal health care yes I
just described a single-payer system but
what I'm asking is why doesn't the
single-payer system automatically take
30% off the costs because it gets rid of
insurance somebody's saying 50 percent
[Music]
more than 30 percent people are saying
somebody's saying 70 percent I'm not
going to buy that the government is not
competent to execute I wonder if the
government even needs to be very
involved if you have a single-payer
system what how much does the government
actually get involved except for writing
the checks and they need some kind of
auditing to make sure they weren't
getting screwed but if you had the
single-payer system running parallel
with a private system wouldn't you
always know who's getting screwed if you
had those two systems they could both
look in each other and say wait a minute
where are these single-payer people
paying less than we're paying over in
this free market and then suddenly
things would would adjust all right
Brian Danes
there's your shadow anyway I want to
frame everything I said in terms of
ideas today as just out of the box
thinking I'm not presenting them as good
ideas there may be perfectly good
reasons why nothing I said is a good
idea but I don't know those reasons if
somebody does let me know and I will
talk to you later