oh we're almost ready
here what a show what a
[Music]
show good morning everybody and welcome
to the highlight of human civilization
it's called coffee with Scott Adams
because that's what it is and if you'd
like to take this experience up to
levels that nobody can understand with
their tiny shiny human brains all you
need is a cuper micro glass a tanker
chaler Stein a Cantine Jugger flask a
vessel of any kind fill it with your
favorite liquid I like coffee and join
me now for the unparallel pleasure the
dopamine here the day thing that makes
everything better it's called the
simultaneous sip happens now go
so
delightful well let's start with these
silly stories and we'll get to the VP
choice and all the politics and the
funny nicknames and all
that uh there's some some guy named
Nigel
Richards from New Zealand who memorized
the F every French word in the French
Scrabble dictionary and he managed to
win the French Scrabble Championship
without speaking any
french well that was pretty good
feels like
cheating but I will will uh tell you
that the Scrabble dictionary is
different from a regular
dictionary so memorizing a regular
dictionary would be really hard
memorizing this Scrabble dictionary
would also be really hard but not as
hard as a regular
dictionary but uh still pretty
impressive uh let me tell you what I
believe about this story nothing
[Laughter]
do you believe he really didn't know
French at all and just won the French
Scrabble because he memorized the book
how about we just say that's probably
not true it's in the news but it's
probably not true I'm going to say no on
that anyway I could be wrong but it
looks like fake news to me um there's
Alex Finn is reporting on X that uh
looking at some of the code developers
code for the X platform itself
that we're getting close to crypto
payments and so you might be able to tip
people he's speculating so imagine if
somebody did a good post and you say wow
that's good instead of just liking it
you could tip them 10 cents crypto
that'd be kind of cool so that's coming
could that can actually change
everything imagine if the people on X
who uh have the most value were also
tipped there there's some people that I
follow that I have more followers than
they do yeah just cuz just cuz um but
they should be making a lot more money
than I do because I end up retweeting
them all the time so if they were
getting
tips maybe they could make some serious
money so I'm I'm liking
this apparently those two astronauts
that went up to the space station on on
the Boe
rocket uh we're hearing that the reason
the
Starliner is having difficulty coming
back is let's see will this sound like a
Dilbert comic what do you think it's a
story about a big company that did
something that didn't work
out let's see if there's a a dilber
angle to it let's see so the story is
that the reason they're stuck up there
is that Boeing hasn't been willing um
now let's say cuz they didn't finish
their
software they didn't finish the flight
software on the
Starliner preventing the Space Capsule
from unlocking and returning to Earth
autonomously
so apparently they didn't want to bring
them
back because they didn't finish the
software that would allow them to
[Music]
return so does that sound true
true do you think there was somebody who
knew when the rocket took off do you
think there was somebody sailing in a
cubicle who was saying something like
this I told my boss I told my boss that
we haven't completed the return
software I I told him I sent him an
email he never answered my email my
email very clearly said that the
software is not complete they'll never
come home you're murdering them if you
send them up there but my boss no he
never even responded to my
email I feel like something like that's
happening right now there's somebody in
a cubicle who's saying I tried to tell
you I tried to tell you you weren't
listening so that's
happening do you remember uh Wonder
Woman Linda Carter back if you're if
you're my age you remember uh actress
who played Wonder Woman Linda Carter and
she was
talking about uh how angry she is that
if uh Trump gets elected that women
won't have control of their bodies if
those darn Republicans get in control
women will not have control of their
bodies to which I
responded women are a voting majority in
every
state why are you talking to
us you don't need to talk to
me you don't need to talk to anybody
women have complete control of what
happens to their
bodies now in rough terms I don't know
the actual number but let's say let's
say half of men are divided on abortion
I think I think men are maybe 60% or so
in favor of abortion
nationally it's somewhere in that
neighborhood so if men are already about
60% in favor of
abortion and women want it they can have
it they can have anything they want if
women as a group said hey we want to
control our own bodies and 60% of men
agree how could they possibly stop it
they could get anybody elected for
anything because they would have a
gigantic dominant majority on the issue
that seems to matter the
most so I realize that you know it'd be
easier if you didn't have to go through
the work and there's going to be a time
lag
but I absolutely don't buy the argument
that men are controlling women's bodies
when we live in a in a system where
women can vote anything they want in
their state there are more women than
men and 60% of the men already agree
with the women all you need is a good
dominant political movement you get
anything you
want so stop complaining to men men have
already agreed with you enough that you
could have anything you want 60%
agreeing with you is really you'd be
lucky if you could get that on any topic
so men are more supportive on that topic
than any other topic as far as I
know well a company has uh created a Joe
Biden robot they just don't call it that
but it is proof that Joe Biden is a
robot and has been for some time it's
the it's called the figure two or figure
O2 and we're going to see it soon but
it's it's going to have an AI
conversational mode and it can run for
up to 20 hours and well I think they're
trying to get it to 20 hours but
apparently it's got full full
controllable
fingers and Ai and it can walk around
and do stuff now I don't think it's
quite available I haven't seen a price
for it but here it comes and but with
all kiding
aside is it a coincidence that Joe Biden
walks exactly like the
robots and I'm not
joking how in the world did robots get
invented at exactly the one time ever
we've had a president where where we're
not even sure if he's alive and maybe
has body doubles and then when he walks
he looks exactly like a
robot and that's a lot of a coincidence
really I've never seen anybody walk like
that you know I I've heard it's some
kind of standard way to walk if you have
a certain condition but I've never seen
it I never seen one person in my entire
life who walk like that exactly like a
robot even with his hands out like even
the hands out you know where he puts
them out like like he's a
robot I don't know how to explain that
in my in my reality that's a
puzzle well let me tell you I'm getting
so bored with all the lawfare and legal
cases but just in in case you haven't
heard it uh attorney general Ken Paxton
from Texas had some big triumph over a
Google apparently Texas has ruled in a
federal court that uh Google uh well
Texas wins but it was a federal court
ruled that uh Google illegally
maintained a monopoly by exploiting its
dominance to squash competition and
hamper
Innovation I don't know what that
means does that mean they pay a big fine
and then they just go back to doing it
or do do they change their their
business practices in some way that's
going to make a difference to me here
here's my problem with all the legal
stories whether it's the law fair story
about Trump or it's this story about
Google these stories always start in the
middle and they don't give you they
don't give you the background because
it' be too boring to explain the whole
thing again and they don't tell you what
it's going to lead to because they're
not really sure
so these stories all look like they
should be important to me but I can't
tell oh I guess something about Google
happened that might be Unwound in a
future case or possibly they do
something different I don't know and
there's a there's a trump story too
about his s sentencing has been moved
and I look at that story and I don't
know if you're having the same reaction
I am I go all right which which judge
which which case wait so it's not it's
not the trial it's the the sentencing
for the the thing but he could delay the
sentencing but if it's after he gets
elected but if he doesn't get elected
and and like I can't even I don't know
how to even put a bite on
it that these stories are the kind that
can't seek into my head so they they're
not making any impact in my mind because
I don't have a a framework I could
easily attach them to I think you'd have
to be like a working lawyer to keep keep
half of this
straight so my point is that as a
consumer of news who is not an expert on
the law or these specific cases it's
weird that they're so
non-effective they just sort of wash
over me like ah another legal thing ah
I'm so bored
all right Apple released some kind of
new Safari feature Safari being their
browser that hides what they call the
distracting parts of your web page so if
you got a lot of popups it will stop the
popups and hi the distracting things
that are trying to cover up what you're
reading at now I wonder is that because
they want to make the experience
better or is it a way to stop the
Independent News
sites do you know which news sites do
the most outrageous popups right if
you've gone to any conservative
Independent News site one you know not
one of the big names but one of the ones
that I talk about all the time the the
popups are
outrageous you you can barely read them
it's just like popup popup popup and it
makes me wonder if this is just a way to
demonetize the independent news people
but they're making it look like Hey
we're getting rid of distractions but
all those popups are how those sites pay
their bills as much as I hate them so I
guess this is a story where I think huh
the way it's presented is as a a benefit
to users but does it have some sneaky
other benefit to it because I don't know
any other class of websites that have as
many popups as the conservative news
sites so it looks like maybe that's
something that's going to hurt him we'll
see no no just speculating
there um what about Elon Musk versus
Great Britain how does Elon Musk become
the center of every story I have a
theory I mean part of it is his impact
on the world he's the richest guy he
owns big companies like X but some of it
is also that he's willing to say honest
things out loud
if you're just willing to say honest
things out loud now when I say honest
that doesn't mean he's right on every
single topic right that wouldn't be a
standard anybody could meet but it
always looks
honest it it never looks to me like oh
he's saying this so that he can get over
on people in this way it never looks
like that to me to me it looks like a a
well-informed person who's giving you
his opinion might be right might be
wrong maybe you agree maybe you don't
but it always looks like it's his actual
opinion and that is so dangerous you
know if there's anything I I've told you
before too many times the governments
cannot survive
honesty the reason that the news is fake
is not because something went wrong in
America all news is fake everywhere it
has to be because no government could
survive real news the real news would
just peack them to death and criticize
them until they couldn't wouldn't
function it wouldn't matter what kind of
government it was it wouldn't matter if
you Lov the government wouldn't matter
if they were Democrats or Republicans or
anything else a a actual Free Speech or
Free Press with no influence from the
government would destroy every
government because you would see all the
all the
negative which you know they can hide
better if they control the news
so here's what's happening with musk
versus Great Britain um so as you know
Britain's in the grips of what some call
race riots meaning a lot of the migrants
are getting mixing it up with the what
they're calling the far right I'm not
sure they've characterized that group
correctly but that's what the news is
saying it's the far right so it's
basically a bunch of white people who
are getting into fights with a lot of
brown people from uh other countries who
have recently come
in and
um here's what uh mus said about that
apparently in he must have been in an
expost he said Civil War is
inevitable talking about Great Britain
Civil War is inevitable and that was uh
roundly condemned his statement that
Civil War is Neville condemned by the UK
prime
minister uh starmer he said there was no
justification for musk's comments no
justification let's see it was an honest
opinion so when do we need justification
for your honest
opinion I didn't know I needed
justification for that how about
speaking up about an issue where people
are dying at the moment you know we're
getting beaten up it's an important
issue so aren't you always Justified
when you try to say something about an
important issue something that would be
contribution to the understanding of it
even if you're wrong even if you're
wrong no it's the most justified comment
I've ever seen in my life you could
agree with it you could disagree with it
but it's very
Justified that that was the that was the
best they could do that was unjustified
now let's talk about whether it's
true I would say that when somebody like
Elon Musk or even somebody like me says
something like Civil War is inevitable
it's really a
warning meaning that it's inevitable if
you don't do anything
differently meaning that you would'
really like to do something differently
so inevitable always means unless
something changes all right the way you
should interpret that is unless
something changes so something should
change and maybe it will however um my
reading of it from the outside would be
similar to um Sim ilar to Elon Musk it
to me it looks like Civil War is
inevitable because where are the white
people going to go They're not going to
leave and they can't live with the
current situation because it looks like
it's you know pure racism as been
imported when I say pure racism has been
imported I mean that a lot of the people
being brought in have a strong cultural
background that they're not going to
want to get rid of and I'm not saying
should I'm not saying they should change
I'm saying that if you build a system
that brings together people from
radically different cultural backgrounds
and the way they want a world to run is
completely different and not compatible
it's not like you can meet in the middle
what else could
happen I I don't know how anything but a
ofil war could
happen so you'd either have to
immediately close the border and start
you know massively deporting people but
that doesn't look like it's going to
happen or you would have to somehow
convince the people who were raised in a
completely different culture that they
should give it
up and just join your
culture that's not going to happen so
can anybody describe me any scenario in
which there's not Civil War and the I
think the white people will be largely
driven out of Great
Britain that's what I would expect I
would expect a fairly
massive
um what would you call it just people
leaving Great Britain to get away from
the Carnage so I think the United States
should think a lot about opening up
migration from Great Britain uh for
Asylum because I think a lot of white
people are going to leave Great Britain
in the next coming years because it
won't be safe they'll just feel it's
it's too safe it's too unsafe to live in
Great Britain if you white so I think
there'll be maybe
millions that are going to try to get
out of the country before it goes under
so to me it looks like it's going to go
under I I don't think the country is
going to survive at its current Pace but
you know the the thing to look forward
to is that everything changes and world
is unpredictable so it's unlikely that
anything goes in a straight line the way
it's going this or anything else nothing
really goes in a straight line so again
I would agree with musk that if nothing
changed it's Civil War it's the end of
Great Britain and it would be massive
Asylum requests to come to this country
and other
countries so that's what's going on
there
um so the big uh Market selloff uh the
last I checked today looked kind of
stable what's the market doing right now
can you give me an update in the
comments because I go live about the
same time that the markets get
active so I think it was sort of flat
today a little bit
flat all right so here's what to expect
and uh this is one of those situations
where old people can be useful I'm
putting myself in the old people
category you I've seen a lot so if you
haven't seen a lot you can rely on old
people because we've seen a lot it when
the stock market does a 10 or 20%
pullback that's just normal business you
you can make up the reason for it you
can say oh the reason is let's see the
reason is uh uh we decided that AI was
maybe a little
overdone okay sure uh we decided that
the debt was too high interest rates uh
there's a there maybe a war maybe yeah
that's it that's it there's may be a war
so the stock market should go down
uhhuh but I would point
out that the stock market took a at
exactly the same time the polls showed
KL Harris was roughly a tie with
Trump you think that's total
coincidence do you think that the big
money people the smartest people because
they have all the money uh do you think
that they all said to themselves huh uh
I think we better worry about whatever
Iran is going to do over there in the
Middle East or do you think they were
more worried that a drunken idiot is on
the doorstep of the White House well
already in there I feel like the fact
that we're electing a drunken idiot to
replace a dementia riddled
cadaver might affect your confidence in
the
future but when you re you open the news
the news gives you all these reasons why
the Market's going down those reasons
are Never Real by the way did you know
that
there's a whole industry of financial
reporting where they give you reasons
that the market moved those are never
real
reasons that they'll just look at
whatever the news says is like okay the
Market's down 2% today all right so
what's the news uh let's see oh there's
some bad news today like every
day like every day there's bad news and
every day you know there might be a
little good news but they'll just pick
up the newspaper and go oh let's see uh
oh there's some bad news here so that's
why the stock market went down trust me
I'm an expert I saw that bad news and
that's why the market went down well why
didn't you tell me before it happened
well yeah most financial reporting is
fake news they try to tell you there's a
reason for what you're seeing but
they're just guessing we don't know why
anything's happening
really all right so the the selloff is
just normal business um my technique
when there's a big sell off like this
because I've been through a lot of them
is to not look so I've managed to not
look at my portfolio even once since the
Carnage started and I'm not going to
look at it again until we have a really
big up day which might be a few years I
just won't even look at it because it's
just going to make me feel bad and it's
going to make me think I have to sell it
and that would be the wrong decision
because where am I going to put it so if
you're worried about the stock market
you know just continuing to crash I
would ask you this
question where are you going to put your
money if you take it out of the stock
market you can put it in real
estate I don't know you can put it all
in crypto maybe some of it gold you're
going to buy guns and ammo what are you
going to do with your money if you take
it out the stock market the the big
money people are the ones who don't
really have options you're going to park
it in cash
that seems pretty
risky anyway but I think the mar market
sell off also showed how ridiculous it
is the Democrats were looking to tax
people on unrealized profits in other
words you'd get taxed for just having
money and then it would go down 30% and
then you wouldn't have money but you got
taxed for having money that you didn't
really have because you never got to
cash it out and it just went down again
so the dumbest ideas you could ever have
in the whole world world are the
Democrat economic
ideas and there's a there's new uh
compilation clip of KL Harris explaining
that she doesn't want equal opportunity
in this country she wants that too but
she wants Equity equal
outcomes and she's very clear about it
and has been clear about it for years in
multiple uh interviews there's there's
no taking out of context here she says
it all the time or had and and if you're
pushing equity and things like taxing
unrealized
profits you're destroying the whole
country if not civilization itself the
most dangerous mammal in the world right
now is a drunken Marxist
president there what would be more
dangerous than that a drunken Marxist
president with a low IQ for president
not low for General people but low IQ
for being
president that there's nothing more
dangerous than that I mean even Biden is
less dangerous than that because there's
no thinking going on but KLA Harris will
do something like
thinking and God knows what's going to
come out of
that I when you see all the all the
opinions that you
reversed they're really big
ones yeah the really really big ones
like defund the police oh I reverse that
and whole bunch of others that you've
probably heard a bunch of times but if
she's reversed most of her major policy
preferences just to be a a candidate
that the Democrats can
back what exactly are you
getting so here here's the thing that um
I think the Republicans are missing the
Republicans are trying to frame kamla as
a
flip-flopper somebody who didn't have
you know let's say she wasn't attached
to her own opinions and that what is
happening is you're seeing that she
immediately changed all of her
Progressive opinions to be more
electable so that what she really cares
about is power so the way the
Republicans are framing this is as power
it doesn't matter what the policies are
we only want power so therefore we can
just move to whatever policies give us
power now that's not
wrong you know the the power element is
clearly dominant in this situation but
you know what it does is it covers up
the bigger
problem let me say what the bigger
problem is there were a set of things
that KL Harris used to believe and would
say often in public and now she's says
she is supporting a whole different set
of things which are actually the
opposite literally the opposite of the
other things now the story is not that
she's a
flip-flopper the story is that the first
set of things that she believed was not
when she was 20 years old these were her
lifelong adult beliefs and they're
stupid defund the police you know and
the rest of them so the part that the
Republicans are missing is that she
spent her
lifetime supporting stupid ideas
now do you know why I know they're
 stupid even the Democrats won't
accept them right Nancy Pelosi and you
know the leadership are like uh no you
can't really get elected president with
those ideas they have to change them all
so we're giving her quite a pass to say
she's a
flip-flopper that is quite a pass here's
the real story for most of your adult
life your ideas were stupid in a
way that even Democrats can clearly see
because they don't even support
them so we're not even talking about oh
you don't like Democrat ideas Scott you
like Republican no I'm saying that
Democrats don't even like them they're
so stupid and it's not like one
thing she's got like a whole portfolio
of stupid things and we're
acting like oh she's a flip-flopper no
she's a person with stupid ideas
her whole life and now she's
pretending she has different
ideas well she picked a vice president
it looks
like oh well let's talk about the Marcus
a little bit more so Democrats are
saying uh they can't possibly win if the
market is in the toilet and it looks
like there's a
recession is that true that was
certainly true in the Bill Clinton era
where it's the economy stupid you know
James Carville famously advised Clinton
to focus on the economy and you'll do
great and sure enough that worked but I
think we're in a different world now you
we all got to watch KL Harris the worst
politician in the history of politics go
from it's ridiculous to imagine she
could ever be president all the way to
Madam president the most courageous the
the first this the first that the first
this oh my god do we love her let us
dance on Tik Tok come on Dance with
Me Goa
Harris we love her
so I'm sorry you had to see
that so we live in a world where the
brainwashing is so strong that Democrats
took the worst politician in the world
completely kept her away from
reporters so that she wouldn't
accidentally talk to
anybody the Democrat process for getting
K Harris elected is pick somebody that's
brown looking female and don't let them
talk in
public and the polling shows it's a
tie do do you really think she has to
say smarter
things do they need a better
candidate apparently
not apparently the brainwashing is so
strong now and they've demonized Trump
to the point where where anything but
Trump makes sense to
them that we're just in crazy town now
so I disagree that if the economy looks
like it's in the toilet it will make any
difference to
voters because the voters will say well
Morning Joe told
me that the market is down because of
something Trump did Morning Joe told me
the The Bard situation is bad because of
something that Trump
did and they will believe it so I I
would reject the
idea that if the if the uh stock market
and the economy are in the toilet that
you can't elect a Democrat I don't think
we're in that world because that would
be a rational World a rational world
would say oh you know the economy is so
important I'm going to have to go with
who's strongest on the economy and that
at the moment that's Trump according to
polls I don't think it's going to
matter let's talk about the VP Choice
Tim
Walls well you
know I'd like to uh introduce the first
dad joke of the news cycle unless
somebody beat me to it you know they've
been telling us that the walls are going
to close in on
Trump and then she picks Tim wall
well the walls is closing in on Trump
now I'd say I just had to be the first
dad Joker to say
that well let's uh look at this Choice
uh he's a 60 years old bald ugly guy
from uh uh Minnesota governor and he's
uh he's got a long record of uh being
quite Progressive and liberal so he
sounds good and he might be a state that
they need to capture
and uh here's why I think he was
chosen because he doesn't have
presidential
qualities my here's what I thought would
be the the big problem you know the
president always needs to pick a vice
president who is less
capable because if you see the vice
president as more capable then everybody
says maybe that person should be at the
top of the ticket and it's just
that's awkward so she did succeed in
picking somebody who looks less exciting
than her he might be
smarter but because the way he looks and
he just looks boring and old and white
and bald and fat he just doesn't look
like a presidential
anything um in our biased way that we
analyze these
things but here's maybe the most
important
part remember remember I said in other
shows that uh KLA Harris has got a
problem because if she picks a strong uh
white male vice
president then that person would be
maybe first choice to be the next
Democrat presidential candidate but I
didn't
think
[Laughter]
uh I I just saw a funny meme go by on
the locals platform they can they can do
images in the comments on the locals
platform all right I'm not going to
repeat that one because it was unkind
but it was funny
uh anyway so if you pick walls here's
what you
do you guarantee that the most likely
person to run for president next time
will not be the vice president because
he just doesn't have that presidential
Vibe about him you know for all the
wrong reasons because his look
mostly so I think what she did was she
made it safe for whoever wants to run
president after her that could be
another woman or another person of Coler
or both and they don't have to worry
that the strongest candidate
accidentally was the vice president who
did such a good job that everybody says
well maybe you should run for president
so she picked somebody who couldn't
possibly become president through El
I don't think because again just the
physicality of it we we don't
pick fat bald guys for president
probably never will probably never will
I'm not saying that's a a good reason
I'm just saying it is what it is so I
think it was a brilliant Choice
politically because it keeps the door
open for uh a future diversity hire
candidate next cycle no matter what
happens with Harris
well Trump has a new nickname for uh K
Harris and I don't even understand it
but he's called her kambla kambla kambla
he's adding BL a not H but just bla to
the end of her name now some people say
it reminds you of Obama but I don't know
how blah reminds you of Obama and some
people might say it sounds like blob but
I don't think it's that comea blob would
be
funnier and some say it's because she
goes blah blah
blah and some say it's cuz she's
boring does anybody have any idea where
this nickname comes
from I have no idea why this nickname is
a nickname but I will also tell you it
made me
laugh so it was funny when I first heard
the nickname I heard it in a context and
I didn't know that uh Trump had assigned
it so when I first heard it I was like n
that's weak that's weak comma blah
that'll never catch on and then I saw
that it was part of Trump's official
statement and he just sort of randomly
calls her comma blah more than once and
it made me
laugh it made me laugh it only made me
laugh because he said it so it's not
it's not what you say it's also who you
are when you say it it just made it
funny just the fact that that uh well
here's what makes it
funny so you've all heard that if you
mispronounce her name you're called a
racist so he's introduced a nickname
that is nothing but a mispronunciation
of her
name so if we all call her K blah we'll
all sound racist but it will just be a
joke so I I think it's it might be
brilliant it might be like I don't know
if it'll catch on it doesn't really feel
like it would catch on I don't when I
say it I don't say to myself oh I can't
wait to say it
again all
right Scott Scott predicted a soft
Landing I still predict a soft
Landing I I think we had a soft Landing
whatever is happening now is some new
cycle uh and by the way I predicted that
the vaccinations would not work there
there's a whole set of trolls now that
are coming after me because they
believed what they saw in forchan odan
Davis is is back
again
uh all right so I've got my drunken
trolls have come back in Dean Davis the
the drunken troll I don't know if he's
drunk but he acts like
it all right so um Trump had a big event
with a
podcaster streamer I guess live streamer
on the kick platform and Aiden Ross is
his name I guess he has a gigantic
audience and so he met with uh he live
streamed it and he met with Trump in
marago and then he brought Trump a gift
which was a uh Tesla cyber truck uh
wrapped with the image of trump you know
holding up his fist after being shot
and uh so then he he didn't think that
he could of course go for a ride you
know you can't just put the Pres you
know can't just put Trump in a car and
go for a ride and Trump's like hey let
let me let me get in that car and he
gets in the car and so that they're
they're filming him as they're like
playing with the radio and picking songs
and stuff and uh so as a as a way to
sort of humanize
Trump and to get him bonding with I
think there are probably more young men
who watch that live stream I'm guessing
than women but uh it was
perfect and then I saw somebody suggest
that that should be the way you
campaigns he should just give up on the
mainstream media and just have one
podcaster after another come down and
talk to him at Mar Lago and when I heard
that idea I
said is that the best idea I've ever
heard and I was trying to think if I've
ever heard a better idea than that like
in any
realm it's one of those when you hear it
you go wait a minute that would be easy
to execute could be done immediately the
podcasters would like it it would expose
him to the people who don't yet
understand all the news the exact
audience he wants it might be the best
idea I've ever
heard would you agree
there there's there's nothing that would
stop you from doing
it it would be cheap it would be fast it
would get exactly the right people you
want it's just the best idea I've ever
heard so I forget who said it I think I
wrote it down somewhere but I'll I'll
tell you if I
remember it's not my
idea all right um there's a new poll
asking people how if they thought they'd
be better off under Harris or uh Trump
economically how many people who are
registered voters believe they'd be
better off financially under President
Harris I'd like you
guess what percentage said they'd be
better off under Harris
economically
25% now if you're new to this live
stream uh the Adams law Adams 25% law is
that every
poll 25% of the respondents will have
the dumbest
answer and it's a different 25% it's not
I don't think it's the same people but I
love that the trolls are using all caps
now because I know what not to read I'm
reading almost all of your comments
going by but the the trolls do this
entire like uh a full paragraph in all
caps so I don't have to look at it it's
like don't look at me don't look at me
I'll tell you how to not look at me so
that's pretty
good thank you keep using those caps
trolls you know what would be great is
if I I wish the rumble um
Studio would delete comments that have
all
caps just not to show them it should be
optional you know it should be optional
but if somebody wants to do all caps all
the time you should just have an option
to turn it off so you don't see
them so fewer
drunks well every single day we hear
something worse about that assassination
attempt and the Secret Service
protection H how is it even possible
that every single day there's new
breaking news that makes it sound worse
than you thought it was and you already
thought it was bad how is it possible
every
day well here's the newest
so uh Senator Holly says that
whistleblowers tell him that the lead
agent we still don't know who the lead
lead agent was that day on the Trump
Butler job was not enforcing the normal
security protocols that day and she
wasn't having IDs checked that
day and The Whistleblower described it
as a
free-for-all and
um uh the lead agent is still doing all
of her duties so so there was a lead
agent who intentionally relaxed security
that day but only that day and is still
on the
job and it's described as a she so the
lead agent was a
she now that's not
important stop stop I know you're going
to make a Dei joke but we don't have any
evidence that would suggest that Dei is
any part of the problem
um it's a
question I think it's the right question
and and if you tell me it's not the
right question I would say why not if we
have a system which guarantees fewer
qualified people in management and the
problem was an unqualified person in
management isn't that a reasonable
question how' that happened was it a Dei
situation maybe but maybe not no way to
know but it is the right question and I
didn't invent
Dei so don't blame me if Dei raises
questions that's not my problem it's a
reasonable question and I didn't design
the
system so I get to ask
questions anyway here are some of the
things we know
now CNN Live streamed a trump rally in
Butler which is completely opposite
their normal
method almost like they expected an
assassination attempt because why else
would they stream the entire thing there
was really no reason to do it and it
broke with their tradition for
years there was the first time ever
there was a counter sniper team huh
that's interesting first time ever you
had a counter sniper team and what did
the counter sniper team do did they stop
the sniper no they killed the sniper so
he wouldn't be a witness
later I mean that maybe that's not why
he did it they maybe they killed him
because he had a gun and he was pointing
it at the president and
shooting but it did have the effect of
taking away that source of
information so interesting first time
CNN Live streamed it first time there
would ever be a counter sniper
team first time the lead person didn't
do the normal Security checks
first time there was an assassination
attempt and it's the first time I've
ever heard of a criminal who had no
social media but he had lots of
encrypted uh Communications that they
can't get into
huh that's a lot of coincidences so the
people looking for the conspiracy theory
that it was all a setup to kill
Trump I I still think it could be a
hybrid
a hybrid would be they didn't care
enough to keep them alive so they just
did what everybody in the corporate
world does which is the minimum amount
to do your job and then go home and get
paid so it might be just that they
didn't care enough could be could be Dei
problem could be there's there's no
screaming indication of it but the
system guarantees incompetence
eventually so maybe that
happened yeah but that's a lot of
coincidences uh I'm I'm going to stop
short of saying that the government was
in on it but uh can't ignore those
coincidences Laura lumer reminds us that
there's there's a new story that she was
uh among the first to break and she's
reminding us of that and I think that's
that's worthy worthy of being reminded
so here's is it's a story about uh Rasin
and
swell planning to use the Congress to
declare Trump as an insurrectionist on
January
3rd which would remove him from the
presidency should he win so in other
words see if I can explain this
so they believe that the Supreme Court
misrepresented I guess some Insurrection
14th Amendment thing but they believe
that they are correctly uh interpreting
it and if they had the votes they would
simply vote that Trump is an
insurrectionist and then they would not
confirm him to be president even if he
won the
election what would you call that what
would you call a plan which they you
know they're speaking out loud about it
it's not hidden a plan to remove the
legally elected president based on
simply voting that in your opinion it
was an
Insurrection in their opinion because
because no court has found any
Insurrection so it would simply be the
opinion that an erection happened
Insurrection
happened I knew I was going to say
erection instead of insurrection
eventually I mean that had to happen so
there it was I'm sure there'll be more
but uh to me that looks like an
Insurrection looks like a coup and the
Democrats can just say they're going to
plan a coup they can tell you exactly
how they're going to do it and they can
say that in public because they own the
media so thoroughly that they can tell
you they're going to do a plan they can
just tell you it's legal it's legal so
we can just do it and everybody's okay
with
it but yes and then I guess uh Rasin was
saying that you know they'd have to gear
up for what he would expect would be a
civil war if they did it meaning that
the Trump supporters might get violent
he believes
and uh that you need lots of security to
take care of
it now all of this puts me in an awkward
situation you're probably reading that
right now because I say all the time
violence is never
recommended right I say that almost
every show I want to make sure everybody
hears it I do not recommend
violence violence is not
recommended so my opinion there's no
violence even in that
situation it is however objectively true
that violence is the only way to solve
these
situations so I advise against it and I
think that you should quietly allow your
country to be stolen from you to avoid
the
violence so that's my recommendation
just Let It
Go just lean back and let it
go so no no violence
please let's see um some guy named
Edward loose made a little noise on X um
and he an associate editor for the
financial times and he posted this he
said can't say this enough Elon musk's
menace to democracy is intolerable
he's using the largest and most
influential Platforms in the Democratic
world to stoke racial conflict and civil
breakdown in his own posts and what x
promotes democracies can no longer
ignore
this so I said can you give me an
example of that well why is it that I
don't know any examples of that I follow
musk I talk about him literally every
day and why have I never seen an example
where he was uh stoking racial conflict
and civil
breakdown what what is it what is that
even
about so remember I told you that if all
all you know is the news you don't know
anything what you need to know is the
Players Mike Ben helpfully tells us who
this player
is apparently he's part of The
Blob uh and he'd been against you know
uh so he's one of these people who uh
thinks America should be very
influential in the governments and the
workings of other
countries and he's just a blob guy so
once you know he's a blob guy um
apparently even when Obama so I didn't
know this but Obama was not so much in
favor of overthrowing other countries
did you know
that that that's good on him I mean
we're we're learning that he was Obama
Tri tried cutting the budget of the
National Endowment for
democracy now according to Ben's the
National Endowment for democracy is some
kind of a CIA cut out for overthrowing
other countries so Obama wasn't so big
on overthrowing other
countries it's kind of good to
know I kind of like knowing that but it
also tells you that the blob is not so
much Republican or Democrat The Blob
wants to do what the blob does which is
control the rest of the world probably
for economic reasons and uh Obama wasn't
totally on board with that at least for
the budget for the National Endowment
for
democracy and uh loose also said that a
civilized society does not demonize
Outsiders he did a follow-up post he
said that it seeks to integrate them um
or where they have no right to be here
to turn them
away so a civilized society does not de
IED
Outsiders do you agree with that
statement that's stated as an assumption
that we should all agree with a
civilized society does not demonize
Outsiders well I had to respond to that
and my response was uh all civilized
societies must demonize Outsiders to
survive demonizing
Outsiders is essential to
survival there's nothing more important
than that if you don't demonize
Outsiders they're just they're going to
come and take your let me ask
you Edward loose do you lock your door
at night do you lock your
car and if you don't lock your door at
night
why because doesn't that kind of
demonize The Outsiders the people who
are literally outside your house why why
would you assume that some too high a
percentage of them might try to get in
your
house what's the difference between
locking the door in your house knowing
that most people are fine but there are
some people who are not fine versus
locking your borders knowing that most
people are fine but some people are not
fine how's that different no you
idiot you have this completely backwards
a civilized Society has to demonize
Outsiders now you could argue about what
demonize
means but you have to block
them now if if what I say is not letting
him in the country because I don't meet
some you know bar of acceptable
civilized Behavior that's
demonizing you could call it vetting
people you could call it uh you know
making sure you've checked on people you
could call it making sure that we're
bringing people who would assimilate
faster or you could call it demonize but
if you don't demonize Outsiders you are
 dead you're GNA die now I don't
I'm not in favor of racism of course I'm
not saying
racism and I'm not saying that um you
should demonize a
culture I'm saying that you can't just
assume that every group of people mixes
with every group of
people now as I've often told you if you
have not had much experience with the
Hispanic immigrant
Community they are really good at
assimilating right really good the
Hispanic Community comes in with a
family preference comes in with a work
ethic comes in with religious
belief and they want to make it work
they want to learn English they want to
live here they want to help maybe help
their family back home but they are
really good at
assimilating
now if I say that a uh group from Yemen
who has a different
culture is more adamant about making
their culture the dominant culture
wherever they move to is that something
that demonizes those people I don't
think so in fact I might even compliment
them say you know your culture is really
strong
that the Islamic culture is really
strong and it does have a you know a
family kind of a sense to it and it has
a sense of you know a very
well-developed sense of morals and
ethics and what you should and should
not
do if I were to criticize it I think I
would be going too far I think it's a
very successful system filled with very
capable people in most cases
so I don't have anything against their
system but what's true is it doesn't fit
our
system you you can't it's too strong the
there their their culture is so strong
that it's a non assimilating culture if
you go too fast if you go
slowly probably works
fine there's just some rate at which it
can't possibly work
so this this uh Edward
loose he doesn't seem to understand
really basic stuff about how anything
works if it were if we were refusing you
know three families of Muslims from
coming into the country because their
Muslim and their culture doesn't work
too well with our culture I would say wa
wait a minute wait a minute you're
talking about three
families in the whole United States
of course that's fine oh maybe they
don't assimilate so great but you know
by second generation no
problem so it's the
rate it's always the rate it's nothing
about the people it's nothing about the
culture it's nothing about Islam it's
just the rate you can have a higher flow
of Hispanics coming into the country
because they assimilate like crazy
really really good at it and they
add and if you have a group that by
their
preference by their preference is not to
assimilate but rather to make you
assimilate that can't work but again if
it's three families no problem if it's
Millions you got a civil war so when
Elon Musk says you know Civil War is
inevitable that is purely about number
and rate it's not about anybody's
culture it's not about demonizing
anybody in you know some kind of a jerky
way it's simply a system design problem
he's looking at it like a
machine all right just like a
machine if if this machine gives you
small number of people who are hard to
assimilate no problem the machine
handles that fine if you overload the
machine with not enough fuel and too
much dirt in your engine well okay I'll
I'll take that back because then it
sounds like I'm calling immigrants dirt
that's opposite of what I mean so you
can have full respect for the immigrants
which I do and their culture which I
do but you can still say that the rate
of flow has to be adjusted based on the
assimilation um
likelihood
so um I'm going to demonize this guy
Edward loose I don't think he should be
anywhere near our country because he's
got bad ideas that are bad for
civilization so I demonize you I
demonize you Edward
loose member of The
Blob well Israel allegedly took out the
commander of some Elite Hezbollah unit
with a drone strike some people say well
that guarantees some some
War uh and likewise the in the situation
room I guess the vice president was
there and Biden was there and all the
situation room people were there talking
about what's going to happen with
Iran and uh let's put some context on
this uh courtesy of Morgan
Ortegas so she had a long thread today
that was really interesting yeah it it's
not that often that you you read
something that completely Alters how you
think about a big situation but here's
one so this is Morgan oras and I it's
not the whole thread I just took out
some some parts I like the most she said
the Biden Harris Administration has set
a new record for the most Embassy
evacuations of any presidency in US
history topping Obama's eight now I
didn't
remember that under Obama there were
eight embassies that had to be
evacuated but uh apparently we're now up
to 16 under the Biden Harris 16 Nations
have faced coups or had governments
toppled
since Biden's been in office as
president in multiple instances military
protection and escorts were necessary to
protect US citizens in Haiti Sudan and
Afghanistan uh but their Global
instability hardly stops there so she's
also naming um Mayan Myanmar Chad Guinea
Sudan Mali burina Faso Niger Haiti
Tunisia Sri Lanka and the Central
African republ repu
Somalia Gabon Guinea bisu Bangladesh and
Venezuela have all had coup efforts or
toppled
governments do you think do you think
the United States had anything to do
with any of those
coups I think we're assuming so I think
we're assuming
so but I don't know the
details
um yeah so from Tran to Caracus the
Biden foreign policy B ER foreign policy
has delivered fresh cash infusions to
repressive regimes while undercutting
America's energy production now that's
sort of a big picture view so if you
think of the United States as
continuously meddling in other
countries um you don't really see it all
happening at the same time but when you
hear this statistic that
16 16 embassies had to be evacuated
in other
countries that's not looking so
good all right
so we don't seem to have any uh real
presidential leadership I don't know
who's running things but it sounds like
the it sounds like the people in the
state department or the CIA are just
sort of doing their own thing and
overthrowing anything they can
overthrow anyway there was a some kind
of a attack in Iraq that injured uh some
us
personnel and I don't know if that's
part of the beginning of a wave of
trouble or a oneoff or what but that's
happening now I'll remind you
again that uh here here's my take on the
whole Israel Iran
situation
um I don't think Israel has a
choice I think they have to destroy
Hezbollah if they can because Hezbollah
will just keep getting stronger they
just keep adding rockets and adding
resources
and there's going to be War
eventually so wouldn't they be better
you know mowing the lawn now when they
have a chance of knocking it back a
little bit now I don't know if they have
the military capability to knock enough
of the the missile launchers out of
action before they take too much of
Israel down so I don't know if it makes
sense completely militarily the only
thing that's obvious is there will never
be a better
time I don't know if it's a good enough
time you know that they could get what
they wanted Israel but when will there
ever be a better time because they're
under attack so everybody says okay it
looks like you're not the one who
started it now when you're in that part
of the country everybody argues about
who started it well there wouldn't have
been in October 7th if you hadn't done
this well there wouldn't we wouldn't
have done this if you hadn't done that
so there's no such thing as who started
it that's the dumbest conversation in
the Middle East who started it everybody
started it and everybody's invested on
keeping it going apparently forever so
here we are so I don't think that Israel
will ever have
a situation where reasonable people will
say yeah you really did have to do
something in that
situation and they're already geared up
so they don't have to you know make war
a a new idea they just have to expand it
quite a bit
um and I think Netanyahu wants to stay
in office and some say that as soon as
he winds things down in Gaza he'll be
removed from office because he's not
popular so maybe that has something to
do with it but even if Netanyahu didn't
have personal political
incentives when would it be a better
time to take care of this problem they
they can't let Hezbollah just keep
growing and having more and more
military power just aimed exclusively at
Israel so to me it seems like there's no
way around
it I think it's
guaranteed what do you
think and and you could argue that
America doesn't have a strong president
at the moment to put any kind of guard
rails on there
so it looks to me like war is guaranteed
but I think Iran is trying to make sure
that whatever they do isn't big enough
to give Israel a full green light to do
everything they want to do and when I
say everything they want to do I'm
talking about just taking care of
Hezbollah once and for
all although you couldn't really finish
him off but you could you could degrade
him and knock him back you can knock him
back 10 years
maybe all right
so Scott do you support
Sharia Mary do you have only dumb
questions do you have any more dumb
questions think of a better question and
come back to
me um they could take the British plan
and let themselves be destroyed
passively yeah yeah they they could let
themselves be destroyed in a variety of
ways but I don't think Israel wants to
be destroyed so I would expect full out
war and uh we'll see what
happens there's no way around it is
there how many of you think that there
will not be full out war with
Hezbollah which basically is you know
Iran
proxy I think it's
guaranteed so so Iran has a problem in
which they have to do something but not
something so big that Israel will have a
free pass to do anything they want
and I think they can't hit that Mark
which is why it's taking so long I think
Iran has a big conversation internally
it's like uh yeah we do want to maybe
punch them in the nose but if their nose
bleeds they're going to kill all of us
so there's no way to for Iran to win
this I don't
think here's a weird stat in a
completely different topic 74% of Ohio
police officers report having head
injuries 30% of that happened on the
job 74% of the police have head
injuries would that be true of just any
group of people head injuries are like a
way bigger deal than we make of them
because I think a lot of personalities
get changed by head
injuries I've seen it happen in my own
life um anyway I don't I'm not sure I
believe that statistic but that's pretty
alarming
uh open AI has some software that
allegedly could detect uh AI writing
with uh almost perfect accuracy
99.9 so you're saying to yourself oh
that's good so we'll be able to
tell AI writing from regular writing
nope they're not going to release
it do you know why they might not
release
it well uh it turns out that the people
people who use Ai and also use it to
help them write don't want to be spotted
as having used AI to write so the people
who produce content really don't want to
see the the writing being identified and
the people
who um see the content would rather be
identified so at the moment open AI has
a problem because the producers of
content won't use their products if it's
it's going to ID them as using their
products so that's interesting I feel
like we'll just get used to AI
writing and that we won't care if AI
wrote the whole
thing I think it's just a just a short
period of time where we think that
matters but if there's a human being who
pushed the button to send the message
it's fine with the human being do you
really care if the human wrote it or if
a computer wrote it and the human said
yeah that looks good what's the
difference I don't
know um yeah eventually it will be
destigmatized and I think eventually
could be next year I mean it's not going
to take long to destigmatize that once
everybody's doing
it all
right so that ladies and
gentlemen was all that's happening
today um
uh
wow I'm seeing some bad news in the in
the
comments people
personally all
right uh is there any story I missed
today so we don't know too much about
the vice president yet but we'll find
out don't care what human use a
calculator yeah we don't care if a human
use a calculator to to figure out what
something cost yeah that's exactly like
that uh more than a real demon
yeah all right ladies and
gentlemen um if if you uh if you're not
following the Dilbert reborn comic that
you can only see now on the X platform
by subscription see my profile or the
locals platform which has more than the
comic uh you would not know that Dilbert
will soon be uh writing some software
for a uh Boeing
like Boeing like trip to the space
station and uh it's such a perfect Dill
bird situation it writes the whole week
yeah I'm just going to have them
somebody say you know the software is
not done but you know we really have to
hit this window but you know the
software is not done yeah but we have to
hit this
window a real life situation all right
that's all I got for now X and Rumble
and YouTube I'm going to say bye to you
and I'm going to go talk to the
subscribers on locals privately because
they're special and I will talk to the
rest of you tomorrow thanks for
joining
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e for