up a little bit temporarily not looking
too
terrible but the good news is we got a
[Music]
show good morning everybody and welcome
to the highlight of human civilization
it's called coffee with Scott Adams and
I'm pretty sure there's never been a
better time in your whole darn life but
if you'd like to take this experience up
to levels that nobody can understand
with their tiny shiny human brains all
you need for that is a cuper mug or
glass a tanker Chels or Stein a canteen
jug or flask a vessel of any kind fill
it with your favorite liquid I like
Coffey and join me now for the
unparallel pleasure the dopamine hit of
the day the thing that makes everything
better it's called this simultaneous zp
and it happens now go
ah so good so
good I hope you all
participated well is there anything
coffee can't do there's new study that
says it's good for your liver that's
right you may have noticed wow look at
that podcaster Scott his liver looks
excellent and it is it is now a lot of
people will just drink the coffee but I
like to take my liver out and just
sometimes soak it
just soak it right in the coffee put it
back in go about my
business well here's a little update I
told you that Amazon was being difficult
with my book wi
bigley which is all available now a
problem was that they were okay with
publishing the hard copy but said that
they would not publish the soft cover or
the Kindle version does that make any
sense to you that they said yes to the
hard cover and it was already available
and they said no to the Kindle and the
soft cover like nope we'll not publish
them and wouldn't tell me why and
wouldn't answer anything personally and
there's no way to call them what do you
do if you're working with an entity and
you can't call them and they won't
answer email with anything but a canned
response what do you
do so what I did was I posted to my 1.1
million followers on X that Amazon was
thwarting me for what could be a
technical problem or it could be
political meaning that they just don't
want that content because it's very it's
very prot Trump it's called wind bigley
the second edition by the way if you
look for it it is now available
completely in all of its forums except
audio book I'll follow up on that but
you can get it on
Kindle um and then Amazon KDP which is a
subset of Amazon that's the Amazon KDP
allows you to um publish as an
independent
publisher they said that they reviewed
reviewed my request and uh there was
nothing wrong with it whatsoever so the
other two forums were approved now does
that tell you that they knew in the
first place that there was nothing wrong
with
them because I didn't have to change
anything all I had to do is complain in
front of a million people and
tell them that it looks political to me
and all of a sudden there was no problem
with it at all went right through so
what's that telling you well I don't
know there's no way to know for sure
what that
means
but I'll tell you what it
suggests suggests they need a little
work on their user interface there but
also did you know and this is not on
Amazon only at the dilbert.com
where you can find the sales link you
can get the 2025 dilber calendar it's
the page day one that goes on your desk
but this time it's got comics on both
sides of the page twice as many Comics
that's right shipping is still expensive
but if you get more than one it's kind
of reasonable please do that soon as
possible it's good for
me there's a uh study and study
finds that uh maybe the best thing you
can do for your brain as you're aging is
to limit your
glucose that's right the less sugar you
eat the smarter you'll be when you're
older I've got this feeling that eating
too much
sugar is responsible for I know 80% of
all of our health problems it feels like
it's most of it I'm not you know there's
also the fertilizers and the you know
the in inflammatory things but I just
feel like the sugar might be the big big
thing we'll see all I know is I don't
eat much sugar and I just keep getting
smarter every year as I age so
anecdotally it's very compatible with
us um according to the CDC there's a
record number of
kindergarteners which is a funny word
kindergarteners they had a vaccine
exception exemptions according to just
the news the news site just the news um
now here's the interesting part so you
know RFK Jr and a lot of folks have said
uh hey I think maybe autism rates are
caused by the vaccination schedule for
children um but how could you possibly
test that it was an untestable
proposition because it would be
considered uh medically
unsafe to not vaccinate a child if
you're a doctor you probably think oh
it's unsafe to do that so you can't
really put together an
ethical um gold standard you know trial
with a with a control group because it
would
be sort of unethical according to
current modern medical standards it
would be unethical to say all right you
group we're going to pretend to
vaccinate you but they're not real
vaccinations so you can't do that kind
of experimenting with humans especially
children so how would you ever know if
you're getting a better result with the
vaccination versus not the vaccination
if there's no ethical way to test it
well what happens if a record number of
kindergarteners decide not to get
vaccinated
vaccinated uh you've created a natural
control group so how long will it take
before we know for sure because we just
studi the unvaccinated compare them to
the vaccinated control for demographics
because that's the hard part you know it
might be that the rich people are doing
the the antivaccine stuffff so you'd
have to make sure that you could control
for demographics and socioeconomic
everything uh but we should very soon
have all the data we need to know if the
vaccinations are causing autism or
anything
else so it's like bad news good news at
least we'll have the
data I'm sure some of you will lie about
the data anyway so Trump continues to
talk about his idea of using federal
land to build new cities new cities and
he's also using the phrase the golden
age that if you elect Trump he can Usher
in a golden age you might remember that
around I don't know 2018 or so I kept
saying the golden age is coming but
instead we got a
pandemic and the country went crazy
because they couldn't handle Trump being
president so that didn't work out the
the first golden age not really as good
as a could have been but could we have
one well it's possible um I'm going to
volunteer to design a city if it if
Trump gets elected and if this idea of
building new cities comes to fruition
and here's how I would do it uh I would
not be necessarily the designer because
you know I don't have those
skills but what I would do is I'd put
together a team of people to help me
design a city and the first person I'd
add to the team would be an AI expert
somebody could build a chatbot man of AI
that would be the organizer for the
project so that if anybody had an idea
about any subset of how to build the
city for example let's say you add an
idea for a new type of sewer system or a
cheaper form of providing Internet to
the city whatever it is so you'd go to
the page and you say hey chatbot I got
this idea here's some documents so so
I'll upload my documents which are my
argument for why you should use this new
system in your new city and then the
chat bot ask some questions you'd be
like okay do you know what it would cost
uh has it ever been tried before would
it be possible to get Craftsman in every
location that could use this new
technology how long would it take to
train somebody to implement this new
process if it doesn't work is it harder
to replace can it be upgraded so you
could imagine that the AI would ask all
the qualifying questions and then you
could get all of the all the best ideas
for every subset what's the best way to
build a roof what's the best kind of
Windows just everything and then it
would pick the top one to three best and
then probably you'd want to get some
human experts to look at the topics just
in case the AI didn't do it perfectly
and then you put together a team that
says all right here your requirements
we'll build this
thing now I've got one specific idea and
this is the one thing I think I could
add to the
process I think you have to design the
Physical City with some processes and
systems and let's say assumptions about
the people who live there and imagine
this imagine that you build a 100 homes
and then you introduce the idea and of
course everybody would have to know this
in advance before they moved in that uh
that the rest of the homes would be
created by uh effectively Barn raising
so the the city would get together some
night everybody would pitch in maybe the
homes are made by Lego type snap
together things and they just build a
home and that's your Saturday night
party so people really Bond when they
have a common activity and they're doing
a a project so you basically Al create a
project that isn't too much work because
everybody just does a small part of the
work and you build a house and in the
process the person whose home you're
building maybe is serving sandwiches and
making sure that you've got beverages
imagine how much you would bond with
somebody if you helped build their house
and they fed you that's like the
ultimate bonding
experience and so you would get to know
all your neighbors it would be optional
nobody would would be forced to help
right if you're if you got a bad leg you
don't have to help it's fine and you
would just keep building the city based
on you know some set of Standards but
now now that's just one idea the other
idea would
be that you design it so that any school
systems and you probably have multiple
schools just for the different ages uh
that school systems would all be
connected by a network of bicycle paths
so that you could always get from any
school to any neighborhood and to any
other school without going on a public
road it would all be just bicycle paths
nice well lited well lit imagine uh if
any of you are parents or have been
imagine not having to drive your kids
anywhere the kid just gets on a bike and
goes to their friend's house they go to
school it's well lit it's safe you just
design it with lots of security cameras
everybody's safe so you could design you
could design for oh here's another
one how many of you have bicycles and
enjoy riding bicycles quite a few but
there's no home that's designed so it's
easy to store your
bicycle imagine how easy it would be if
you had a a little ramp up to a thing
where it's easier to put air in your
tires because it's on a ramp you don't
have to bend over you imagine having you
know your own little garage that's just
for your bicycle stuff it would be
ebikes mostly Matt imagine having a
house that has an automated dog door
with a little gated area that's just for
your dog to do its business imagine
never having to let your dog outside it
can let itself out now these are just
examples but if you were to design a a
little city where the living style and
the way people interact with each other
is sort of programmed into it and you
make everything easy and
cheap the the potential for a golden age
is absolutely there there here's what we
usually do we usually build cities
around to
technology that's wrong so somebody will
say um I built a company that makes 3D
printed houses so I'm going to make a 3D
printed houses Community well it might
be kind of awesome but if you're
building it around the technology
everybody who's ever worked in a big
business that does any kind of product
design knows you don't build products
around to
technology you build it around people
want and then you figure out what
technology can get it to them that's
that's the success
method so yes golden age for new cities
the most exciting thing I've ever seen
in the United
States personally there's you know I
mean there are lots of things that are
bad in the bad exciting way but in terms
of positive
excitement building actual cities that
are just awesome like nobody's ever done
before like no country could match
oh that's exciting that's really
exciting so maybe a golden
age uh Google has an AI that you can use
uh they got a tool called notebook LM
and apparently it's going viral because
you can use it to set up a podcast where
the podcasters are AI so you'll have two
artificial AI podcasters and they have a
whole show you could upload a document
and say all right do a show on this
topic and then the two of them would
have this whole banter and they'd be
joking around with each other and you
create a whole podcast now I'm going to
say the same thing about that that I say
about all AI art nobody's going to care
after you check it out just to see if it
can do it oh wow that sounds like a
little podcast there you're never going
to listen to it for fun because you do
not care what the AI say we don't care
about their opinions we don't care about
their art we don't don't care about
their music because why we care about
art or AI or anything else is although
we don't say it consciously it's all
part of our mating Instinct so if
somebody can paint better than you or
sing better or dance better you're
activated because you think oh there's
some genes I'd like to get into my my
bloodline but uh the AI won't trigger
you that way well there's a report
unconfirmed that uh uh country's big
star G Brook has been accused of sexual
assault uh some woman says he raped her
in an LA hotel in
2019 now I looked into the details of
the story because it's so
important and you again the claim which
by the way I have no reason to assume
the claim is true remember G Brooks is a
citizen of the United States and there
is one rule above all other rules
innocent until proven guilty has he been
proven guilty he has not he's not he's
been accused so he's
innocent unless something changes in the
court
but the story is that he was traveling
and took somebody that worked for him
and said he wouldn't get him a separate
hotel room and then at one point he just
appeared naked and started you know
pressing himself upon her now how many
times have you heard a story about some
rich celebrity person who convinced some
adult woman to go to a hotel
room and then the the first part of the
story you're already like wait what how
did you get somebody to go to your hotel
room when obviously 100% of everybody in
the world knows that's trouble and you
still got somebody to go to your hotel
room alone sure enough turns out if
you're a celebrity you can get an adult
woman to go to your hotel room and be
inside the hotel room for extended
periods knowing knowing that nothing
good could come from that and there
there's there's not the slightest chance
that something appropriate is being
planned and it still happens if you've
heard the Harvey Weinstein
stories it's always some actress goes to
his hotel room I mean already you're
like what you went to his hotel room
there was nowhere else you could meet to
talk about your movie
prospects and then the story always goes
that the next thing the whoever it is
it's they always appear
naked like who does that if if you were
going to if you got somebody to your
hotel
room and let's say you weren't a
celebrity and you were going to you know
you hoped you could get busy with them
would your first
move be to come out of the bathroom
completely naked would that be your
first move
but apparently there there's all these
celebrities we keep hearing about who
get a woman in their hotel room and the
first thing they do is take off all
their clothes you know the guy who does
that have any of you ever done that have
you ever had somebody that you've never
been physical with and then your first
move is to take off all of your clothes
and then appear standing there fully
aroused and like hey baby how about some
of this
now I don't know what gu Brooks looks
like without
clothes and I also don't know what
Harvey Weinstein look like without
clothes but it it can't be your best
look like I don't like I don't see that
that's you know what she she doesn't
appear to be into me with fully clothed
but wait I've got an idea I know how to
get her into me I think I'll take all my
clothes off and show her my big old fat
belly yeah so there's something about
all of these stories that I don't
understand either all of them are made
up and and and nobody ever did
that or here's the weirder
part sometimes it works do do we only
hear the stories where where somebody
complained is is it so common that the
celebrity just strips and says all right
let's you know let's get going this is
so
common that there's just the one time
you heard about it that somebody didn't
like the outcome but all the other times
it worked out and everybody was like ah
that was a pretty good time it makes me
very curious about the whole
situation but we don't know what's true
hurricane Helen is now U the deadliest
storm since Katrina death toll is over
200 um I saw reports that there may be
way more dead people than we know cuz
communication is bad and the mudslides
are going to be
really hard to clear to figure out
what's who's at the bottom of them but
on top of that apparently we have 370
substations for the power grid that were
underwater or at a
service
370
substations but thank goodness we keep a
reserve of extra parts for the uh the
substations so you know in case there's
an emergency and you had like a big
problem with lot of your electrical grid
you would just take the stuff that you
hold in reserve in case of emergencies
and you'd move it into the
grid so uh we'll be going to Ukraine and
taking it out of their system because
apparently our excess Transformers and
such have been shipped to Ukraine do you
know why Ukraine had an emergency with
their Network because of the war and we
wanted to back them up so we gave them
our emergency Reserve
and then a hurricane hit and now we're
not going to have
electricity
so as much as I uh am always wowed and
impressed by American Ingenuity I'm
going to tell you something that just
feels right based on having lived in the
world and and seeing how things work and
don't work and I've been part of big
companies with big projects you know
installing networks and things like this
if you tell me that there are 370
substations that and of that are knocked
down by water water
especially and you tell me that we don't
have spare parts and it could take years
to build a spare part just like
one I don't think they're getting
electricity
back I if your impression of what's
going on is wow this is going to take
longer than normal to get electricity
back I don't think that's what's going
on I think that the residents are going
to have have to
leave I don't think they're going to get
electricity because everything's covered
with mud and 370 substations are
gone how you can't fix that if you don't
have the spare parts already in the
warehouse you can't fix
that I don't even think there is a
path so I I'd love to be wrong I hope
I'm wrong like I'd love to hear oh we
just we just found another source for
them or we use a different vendor or we
pay it a little extra and they'll make
them faster maybe maybe but if you told
me 370 substations were knocked out and
we don't have spare parts my first
thought is you better
move like if you can get to any kind of
Transportation because that's not the
lights aren't coming back on I don't
think now I would love to see ideally
today somebody in the news business
talking to somebody who actually knows
what the they're talking about
somebody who's working on the grid and
ask them 370 substations around is the
power ever coming back and you know of
course eventually it will but we could
be talking
years we we could easily be talking two
to three years I'm just guessing before
they have
electricity and it might have been 4
months if they had
Parts still it would have been hard I
mean 37 many stations they can't even
have that many people who know how to
fix a substation how how many people
even would know how to repair a
substation it can't be that
many so I have a feeling that the
situation is way way worse than we're
being told way
worse um there was a great thread by
Owen Gregorian you can see it on my my
feed or Owens on uh the number of times
that we've transferred electric
Transformers and that kind of equipment
to Ukraine so if you're wondering if I'm
speculating about that equipment going
to Ukraine it's pretty well documented
you can see all the instances in the
thread all right Mark Cuban went on the
Allin
pod um I haven't seen it all I've Just
Seen clips from it
and um you know one of the questions was
how do you explain kamla Harris being
open border
the the most open border person of all
time then suddenly going to oh I'm going
to be tough on the borders and it
happened kind of instantly when she L
looked like she was going to be in the
VP job
and Mark Cuban's responses to it and the
other things um here's my
take as much as we like to talk about um
public figures and their opinions on
politics so that we can mock them or say
that they're right or wrong or say that
they have TDS or say that they're coming
around I don't know that any of that
applies to Mark
Cuban because honestly when I see him
talking about politics it doesn't look
like he's trying to be useful and
honest it doesn't even look like TDS it
looks like whatever he's doing
is he has Reasons I'm sure but we don't
know the reasons but he's definitely not
being in let's say a uh I don't want to
say dishonest because in politics
everybody's shading everything uh so
that would be it would be too far to
call somebody dishonest in politics
because it's kind of
everybody um I don't know what his game
is but it's definitely not playing it
straight what he's definitely not doing
is trying to educate you or I don't know
so I mean obviously he has a preference
for wins but I think all of his
reasoning just follows from the
preference of who wins none of it looks
useful it doesn't even look a little bit
useful to even understand what his
opinion is or why he has it
so
recreationally he is certainly fun to
watch so I recommend him recreationally
but I wouldn't even get into the I
wouldn't even get into the weeds of why
he's responding the way he is I mean it
just looks like trolling to me and and
it may be trolling with a purpose but it
doesn't look like he's trying to get
into a logical and useful conversation
about politics to help us all sort out
what is true and what is not it doesn't
look like anything like that so but I
don't think he has TDS I think he just
has a preference and he good at
trolling well this is fun uh OMG um had
an in the OMG group um got a producer
for MSNBC to go on a date this is how
O'Keefe and his OMG group like to
operate they meet all these people that
they'll get on hidden cameras by
pretending to go on dates with them so
they found uh so one of the OMG
journalists went on a date with basil
hamen who's a producer for MSNBC show
Aman
um and when he talks about MSNBC he just
says
directly uh that uh what her Harris's
message of the day is is their message
of the day in other words that msnbc's
job is simply just to boost the
Democrats and that MSNBC actively pushes
Harris's narrative to help her
win and he said that MSNBC is doing
quote all they can to help Harris get
elected
uh he says the network is operating as
an extension of the
campaign and he went out to say that
MSNBC is indistinguishable from the
party um but here's the best part he
said the producer said
um that MSNBC has made their viewers
Dumber over the
years he actually said he's a producer
he's the one who decides well he he
helps produce what gets on the air and
he says
directly my network is making people
Dumber because it's just lying to them
and telling them it's the
news now you knew that
right if you watch MSNBC CNN and then
Fox
News you get sort of the whole
landscape um I would say that MSNBC is
in the bag for the Dem rats in the same
way the Fox News is clearly in the bag
for the
Republicans uh CNN weirdly at least this
election has been the most balanced U
network is not anywhere near balanced
they clearly lean lean left but they are
allowing CNN at the moment is allowing
contrarian voices and they're giving him
time uh Scott Jennings is just tearing
up the network I mean he's the he's
their uh voice of
Republicans and since they ever since
they uh fired Steve Cortez for being
correct Steve Cortez had been sort of
the Scott Jennings role but Steve did
too good a job so they got rid of him he
did too good a job of Defending
Republicans now I think maybe the
management has changed because Scott
Jennings is doing as good or better I
mean is just killing it with viral
videos of of responses and they're
letting them talk they're giving him
time and they're giving him time on the
most visible programs in in their prime
time and I'm going to have to I I'm just
going to have to be honest and say I
appreciate it so at the moment CNN
is it's hard for me to say at the moment
CNN is the least biased Network
isn't that
weird but you have to give them credit
it looks like they intended to find the
middle they don't always do
it but even even Abby Phillip uh
somebody that you'd sort of identify
with being in the bag for the Democrats
has said directly that it didn't even
look like Tim wal was prepared for the
debate now when you when you have an
opinion like that he doesn't look
prepared
that's not the
news the news is people say he didn't
they didn't like him the news is there
was a debate the news is the moderators
did or did not fact check him but to say
he doesn't look prepared that's an
opinion and that's a very negative
opinion
about one side that you wouldn't expect
so there's something
happening that's a little bit
positive um
anyway so it's fun to see the msnpc at
least the producer and don't you assume
that most of the people who work there
are completely aware of
this I think so like do you think that
this is the one producer who knows what
he's doing and all the rest are in some
kind of fog I don't think so I think
they're all completely aware of what
their mission is and it's just helped
the Democrats by pretending to be a News
Network anyway
um my most fun story of this October is
Candace Owens trying to determine if
Comm Harris has any black
relatives now I want to be clear I'm not
embracing this as
true so Candace apparently contacted one
of uh kamla Harris's
uncles and gave him the name of the
person who was supposedly KL Harris his
grandmother and the uncle said he never
heard of that name doesn't even know who
that is
now if that grandmother was supposedly
on the same side of the family as the
uncle then that would certainly indicate
there's something strange going on maybe
some lies about Heritage or something
but since I the the part that I read
didn't specify if this Uncle was on the
same side of the family as the
grandmother because if it's a different
inside the family you could easily not
you know not recognize the name so I
don't know if Candace has the
goods um I'm not convinced I'm not
convinced she has the goods but she's
gone pretty deep and she's got a story
that hangs together you know it doesn't
have any holes in it I just don't know
if it's
true wouldn't that be the most amazing
October surprise to find out she has no
black DNA in her at
all that would be shocking do you think
anybody's ever asked her if she's taking
the 23 in me
test
oh oh I got
it somebody should ask con Harris if
she's ever taken a 23 and me
test
or have her
children wait she doesn't have natural
children that doesn't work
um wouldn't you like to know hey KLA can
you show us your 23 in me
test because that would answer it right
there would be no ambiguity if you had
the
DNA so do you think that uh well let me
ask how many of you have ever taken a 23
in me test it's quite a few
people I have I've done it so wouldn't
you love to
know if she's ever taken the test she
could put the whole thing to rest like
Pocahontas did maybe not the way she
expected anyway I'm going to put this in
the recreational beliefs and anything's
possible but I am not
convinced I'm not
convinced that that Candace has the
goods she
might if she does it would be just one
of the greatest independent journalist
groups of all
time so I'm rooting for her because I
like Candace so I'm kind of rooting for
her to be right but I wouldn't bet on it
yet wouldn't bet on
it well according to Joel Barry who's a
managing editor of the Babylon B but he
had some serious things to say um here
are some things that we should know
about overseas ballots as you know you
can vote in an American election if you
uh
overseas and you just have to go through
a process to get a ballot and send it in
from overseas
and of course we're all in favor of that
because if we have military or
ambassadors or people whose job it is to
be out of the country we don't want them
not to be able to vote so of course
we're all in favor of American citizens
being able to vote no matter where they
are but is the system that is set up to
do that does have any
holes well according to Joel Barry
managing editor of the Babylon B here's
some things you may not know so it's
called the
UAV vaa so that's the name of the
program for the overseas
voting did you know that you can
register to vote online without
providing an ID social security number
or proof of
citizenship or even an
address now I don't know how to
understand that except that anybody
who's not an American citizen could
easily sign up to to
vote is there any other way to interpret
that all right here's some other things
you might want to know about those
overseas votes you can register in any
state at any address and nobody
verifies so you could say you live in a
swing
state even if you didn't even if you're
not an American citizen and the vote
probably will just SL slip right
through did you know that many states
allow you to send your ballot via email
email not even physical
email so does this tell me that in order
to create fake
votes for any swing state you wanted you
could just get some foreign people to
sign up on a website and send some fake
emails it looks like it
now I don't know if it's happening but
what would stop it are there any red
flags that they might actually be trying
to use these problems in the system to
cheat well we'll get to
that um did you know that a recent
Democrat memo this again according to
Joel Barry a recent Democrat memo
announced that they're plan to collect 9
million overseas Democrat
votes out of how many so they want to
get 9 million but out of what what do
you think is the total possible that
they could get that are overseas and of
9 million well um according to federal
government report there are only 2.8
million eligible voters overseas so the
Democrats have announced in writing that
they want to get 9 million votes out of
2.8 million
people now remember what I always say
about
data you can't really trust any data is
it true that there are only 2.8 million
eligible voters I don't know but I'll
tell you what I definitely don't
believe that there are 9
million do you think there are 9 million
voters living around the world who could
who are eligible to
vote
maybe maybe I don't
know 9
million so that's a red flag that they
plan to get more votes than there are
people eligible to vote in 2020 the
number of Civilian votes so in 2020
remember that election that we weren't
sure who
won what do you think was the change in
the number of people who voted overseas
through this program in 2020 do you
think it was about the same as always
you know kind of a baseline normal same
as always or do you think it
doubled it
doubled
inexplicably
so it doubled it
doubled is that because they did a
better job of informing people how to
vote
maybe maybe I don't recall them bragging
about their successful attempt to get
people to legally vote overseas seems
like you'd be bragging about that if you
doubled it somebody should be getting
some kind of reward or you know a
feature article about how they really
change things with all their good work
to improve the ability to vote but I
don't remember that story it doubled huh
it was a red
flag the Democrats have also spend six
figures on the vote for aora program to
make sure that everybody knows how to do
it did the Republicans spend any money
on that not that I've heard of H money
can make anything happen did you know
that in 2020 remember we're talking
about getting 9 million extra votes 9
million um in 2020 just 44,000 votes
across three states one Biden the
presidency so we're we're within a few
tens of thousands that will determine
the entire race in all likelihood and
the overseas voting will overwhelm that
number by what 10
times and none of this looks like it
could be easily checked
do we have an election
system
what all right let me give you the
hypnotist uh take on the elections now I
would be the hypnotist in this case now
I have uh an unusual Talent stack now
this doesn't mean I'm better than you
because your talent Stacks would be
awesome for other things that I can't do
but just by coincidence I have a
background uh working in Corporate
America on pretty large projects that
had lots of moving parts and so you kind
of get a sense of what's possible and
what's not possible in the real
world on top of that being a
atist um a little more keyed into
brainwashing and propaganda so I'm just
sort of primed to spot it so here's how
I see the world terms of our
elections uh and I posted this if you
want to see it it's on my X account it's
and so our national brainwashers those
are the people in let's say MSNBC they
would be
brainwashers um are so talented that
they made most Democrats believe that we
can know who won a national
election if you stopped any Democrat in
the street and said after an
election do we know who won I think
Almost 100% would say yeah I mean there
might be some cheating but we'd probably
catch it you know we could always audit
if it looked weird we'd catch it in the
audit so yes you know you could have
individual you know little little
imperfections but basically yes you can
know who won an election is that true
how many of you think that our system is
designed in a way that it's possible to
know who won it's not even
close now I'm going to give you some
some uh argument for it and I want you
to fact check me because I might be
wrong on one of them or more right but
just fact check me see if these sound
real to you so uh I say our election
systems are designed to make it
impossible to know who won
intentionally now again when I say
intentionally that here's the standard
you use for that if something is
designed poorly in the short run that
doesn't tell you anything it just means
oh we didn't nail it this time we better
fix it if you if something is designed
poorly in the short run and then you
check back 20 years later and it's
exactly the same at that point it's
intentional because you know what it's
doing and you could take it out you had
you do have the ability to change it out
so if in the long run you don't change
it out well then that's why you want it
you wanted it the way it is so I would
say it's somewhat obvious and I'll give
you more backing for this opinion that
our systems designed to make it
impossible to know who W and that
probably most of the systems around the
world are the same it wouldn't be unique
to the United
States um Democrats have been
brainwashed to believe that the courts
can find problems with
elections how do they find things that
nobody
found because courts are not
investigative they can only judge what
is brought to them what if the nature of
the cheating makes it hard to
find Democrats believe that all cheating
can be detected and then courts can
effectively rule on it to you know to
make it right nothing like that is even
remotely close to true I mean the the
the direct opposite that is very
supportable but the fact that a court
could tell you if an election was true
it's not even the right
tool it it would be like trying to uh
you know be a carpenter with a piece of
paper instead of a hammer it's just
wrong tool the court can only judge what
is brought to them but if the cheating
remains concealed so that literally
nobody can tell somebody cheated what is
the court going to do about that and yet
and
yet the Democrats in this country
believe the courts can tell you if an
election was real no they
can't if somebody could
somehow collect all the facts and do it
on time and they had standing and no
deadlines had been missed
yeah in some real special case a court
could be involved in fixing an ele or
you know repairing an election that had
been
rigged but not in any realistic way all
right here are the problems with why the
court isn't really a
solution would you know if a postal
worker discarded mail in
ballots yeah I assume at some point in
the process the mailin ballots end up in
one
box um you know close to the time that
they're going to be delivered to their
destination so everything would come in
from you know various places but then
the post office is job is to sort out
the incoming mail and put it in
literally boxes or bins and then when
it's already so so when they go to your
house they've already sorted your mail
same with the ballot so at some point in
this system there're are big buckets of
ballots and nothing else just ballots if
a postal worker decided to throw them
away just literally just drop them in a
lake somewhere in a remote place where
nobody would find them how would you
know would the person who mailed them
know I don't know would is there any
system to know that something got lost
in the mail I've never heard of it how
would you know and it wouldn't be hard
to know if a certain zip code was going
to be more for Trump or more for Harris
so you just throw away only in the zip
codes where you want to make a
difference how anybody know how about
uh how about if millions of overseas
ballots come in through that system I
just told you and let's say five million
of them were
fake how would you know well you could
know eventually because you could get
people to search each vote and you know
do some sampling to find out how bad it
was but the election would be long
certified before that happened long
certified so that's not going to stop
anything we're not going to take
president out of office after they've
been certified that's never going to
happen so that can't work how about
um how how would you know if some State
actor whether it's CIA or some other
intelligence unit had co-opted an
Insider in any of our electronic
systems and that they' figured out how
to tweak things so that they could
change it without anybody noticing now
that might require you know having a
Confederate on the inside of something
you know as well as outside but how
would we know we wouldn't
know no we wouldn't know if any there's
no way we would know if if some things
got changed and then there was a
somebody on the inside to make sure you
couldn't tell it got changed we never
know um how
about if someone printed fake
ballots and then just in inserted them
in the system how would you
know well there some kinds of audits and
some kind of observers that might say
hey those look alike and we have those
reports in 2020 there are
credible uh I believe signed under oath
reports of multiple people who saw what
were definitely according to them
photocopied ballots that have been sent
through the machines so was the election
reversed
no do you know what the uh the people
who were accused of having photocopied
Bellas did they locked it in a
closet and then when the court said you
have to unlock that they just
didn't and then people went back to the
court and said hey you told them to
unlock it and they didn't so let's get
serious and the court said yeah yeah
yeah yeah and nothing happened so we
have we have the new election coming up
that's four years later and and the
request to open one closet just open the
closet can you just unlock this door
it's the only thing we're asking we know
where the door is we're looking at the
Lock we have a cord order that you can
open this door and we can just look to
see if those ballots look okay to us and
it didn't happen in four
years so do you think if there are fake
ballots that the court is going to sort
that out no the court told them to
unlock the door and they just decided
not to and nothing happened and here we
are now if you live in the real
world there's no way that the court
could really help you tell if the
election is fair they're just not
involved yeah and they can be
ignored how about
uh would you know the extent of ballot
harvesting in states where it's not
legal to do it some states it's legal
but if it were an illegal Place how
would you know if one group did more
more illegal ballot harvesting than
another how would you know how would the
court know if the people who did it
don't talk how would anybody
know you would get the the worst you
would get like individual stories like
oh this person collected a hundred of
them from the rest home so you will take
the 100 out but what if thousands of
other people got a 100 a piece you
wouldn't
know um how about if uh there are
migrants in the comp in the country who
because they signed up for their um I
guess driver's licenses and got
automatically
registered how would you know if they
voted well again you could check each
one individually and then you could do a
sampling to find out if you know you'd
have to check each one to make sure they
are or are not a resident but if you've
checked enough you've got a good sample
and then you could say oh it looks like
the illegal votes change the election do
you know how long that would
take I don't know how long it would take
but the election would be over and the
president would be office and it in
office and everything would be certified
so you couldn't do it on
time even if you found a problem you'd
be like well better luck next time we
already got a president that's certified
we're not going to take him out of
office all
right so with all of these things this
brainwashing this is how the
brainwashers can tell you that January 6
was an
Insurrection because the vital part of
the Insurrection narrative which is
totally made up it's just a hoax the the
vital part is that the people
involved knew that the election was
accurate that's the opposite of
reality the people who protested were
sure that they didn't know the election
was accurate in fact it looked like it
had problems just on the surface
and then more
importantly Trump's entire uh
Jeopardy has to do with him
knowing that the 2020 election was fair
and believe it or not there's something
in this Jack Smith
thing the new Jack Smith
indictment uh somebody characterized it
somebody on the left characterized it as
having proof that Trump knew the
election was fair
do you know what the proof
is um I'm paraphrasing but apparently
there's
documentation that says he said to
somebody close to him family member
staffer that he didn't
know um he didn't know for sure that the
election was rigged but that you should
always fight like
hell and they said okay there there he
there he knows that the election was
fair and I say wait a minute
your your explanation of what he said
doesn't match what he just
said if he said I don't know if it was
fair or not but you should always fight
like
hell how do you hear
that I I hear it like normal language
here's how normal language works we have
an election system that you can't tell
if it's fair or not the unstated part
which is important the unstated part is
that it doesn't look Fair on the surface
so if something doesn't look fair and
you can't tell what is the smart thing
to
do
surrender is that the smar thing to do
is that what the uh what is that good
for the country is that patriotic that
you're not sure if an actual election
happened and it looks like it was
cheating on just on the surface it looks
like it's cheating and you're just going
to let that go if there's no way to know
for sure
that that doesn't even make any sense so
I predicted that the Jack Smith thing
would make his case based on the fact
that you can brainwash
Democrats to believe that ordinary
language is being used in a different
way than it's ever been used in the
history of people talking and that only
Trump uses words opposite of what he
says so that when he says go protest
peacefully he really means means
fighting when he says find the votes he
means manufacture them as opposed to
it's obvious that something got
miscounted and now they're going to do
that if you don't know if the election
was rigged you should fight like hell as
proof that he knows that they were Fair
where is that in his
statement that the quote doesn't have
anything to do with an opinion about
knowing an election was fair knowing you
don't know is reason to fight it so what
Trump said makes complete sense to me
and and more and more to the
point and honestly this is the part that
affects me the
most you know so this is not the logical
part of the argument but it's the part
that affects me the most who did you
think you elected in
2016 did you did you elect the give up
guy did you elect the president who as
soon as there's trouble he's going to
roll
over no no no Trump got elected because
he's this guy he doesn't give up if
there had been a way to know for sure
that the election had been Fair do you
think he would have
fought I
don't if you knew for sure that it looks
suspicious but you couldn't know if it
was fair do you want somebody who
surrenders I
don't I very much don't want somebody to
surrender if it looks like they got
cheated and you can't tell if it looks
like you got cheated it feels like you
got cheated it doesn't match your
anecdotal experience in life and there's
something that's just glaring as a like
wow this looks a little weird you know
like maybe some victories in places that
a Democrat never wins or never wins by
this much you know suspicious
stuff you want the person who would
fight that to the death
and he's that guy do you like how he did
it maybe not do you like that he doesn't
give
up yeah he took a bullet in the air he's
going back today today he's going to be
back in berler where he took a bullet
Elon musk's going to join him reportedly
that'll be
interesting anyway uh Liz Harrington
reports that Dominion has been using the
same basic pass password since 2008 if
you'd like to hack their machines the
password is DVS c r p 08
exclamation not
only do we know that they've been using
the same password since 2008 we know the
password so if you'd like to hack them
that's the
password now I I can't believe they
haven't changed it since this became
public so probably it's not the password
but
uh anyway way and as a bonus if you've
been brainwashed into thinking we can
know who won an
election um you probably also think that
scientists can accurately measure the
temperature of the planet even though
the mechanisms they've used to measure
the planet over time have changed
continually do you know why the
mechanisms for measuring the P planets
change
continuously because they're not happy
that the old methods were
accurate so how do you compare the new
temperatures to the old temperatures if
the reason that you updated the way you
measure the temperature is that the old
ones weren't
reliable well you adjust the old ones
that's right you adjust
them anybody who's lived in the real
world knows exactly what that means if
you don't have experience in say big
organizations or governments or
corporations and you heard that well we
use new instruments to measure the
temperature now but to make sure that
they were also right in the past when we
didn't have good instruments we're going
to use an adjustment based on you know
the algorithm and the averages and you
the assumptions and no if anybody ever
tells you they're doing
that that's just such
 now can can I get an
agreement those of you who have extended
experience in any corporate you know big
project world you back me right that if
you've changed the measuring devices
over time and then adjusted adjusted the
estimates in the past to make sure it
all worked out you're not dealing with
serious people I that's just a
scam
anyway as uh the amuse count on X and
musk was agreeing with this um that
apparently a lot of these migr that are
shipped into the country coincidentally
get shipped to the states that have the
closest elections the ones where getting
a few more Democrats voters into that
state would make the difference flipping
it to Blue and once you see that it's
very clear that they have targeted the
swing
States if this is true by the way this
is a claim I haven't I haven't
researched it myself but if it's true
that they move the migrants into the
swing States
to basically turn the country blue
forever then uh it's exactly what it
looks like it's a it's an attack on the
country and a
takeover anyway uh National Review has
an estimate that says we spend $451
billion a year on
illegals I've taught you how to look at
Data before
this data agrees with your preconceived
ideas that we're spending too much on
immigrants so it's accurate
right it's accurate because it it agrees
with your point of view and it would
help your
argument
yeah again I've lived in the real world
too long I haven't looked into how they
calculated it but I'll make an
assumption I'll make an assumption that
they're measuring the shortterm cost and
they're not looking at the 20 year 50e
outcomes because if you bring somebody
into the country and they're in a bad
shape and they need a lot of help
they're just an expense if simply you
added up all the expenses of people you
brought into the country and needed help
it could be 451 billion or some big
number maybe not that but some gigantic
number but how did they calculate how we
turn out
as a country in our GDP in say 20
years you can't ignore that because if
if it's being done as sort of an
investment and by the way uh immigrants
are an investment because if you don't
bring in all criminals you get a lot of
people who end up paying taxes they have
children who are citizens uh the
children grow up and they pay taxes
they're better educated you know the
second generation is doing well
so uh
if you've watched me enough you know
that I'm completely against open borders
it's insane I mean it's it's just
criminals that we have open borders 100%
against you know the unrestricted
borders but I also don't think there's
the slightest chance that the National
Review did the did the calculation
correctly I don't think there's any
chance now that's only because it
wouldn't matter who did it right if the
Democrats had come up with a number it
wouldn't matter what the number was I
wouldn't believe it so this is not
really the sort of thing you can
calculate but it might be true that
we're spending a God awful amount of
money in the short run and nobody thinks
that's a good idea would you
agree yeah I I think we could still say
yeah spend too much money but 451
billion I don't know not buying it well
hb's had a bad week how bad well worse
than any we you've probably ever had um
so as you know Israel blew up all their
pagers and took out a lot of the
leadership and then they bombed the top
guy and they took him out and a bunch of
his generals and they keep bombing other
people they took out the now they hit uh
some guy who's in head of communications
and then um I don't know how confirmed
this is but it looked like the person
who was going to be the replacement for
the head of Hezbollah um got his
lieutenants together the surviving ones
and they all met in an underground
bunker um do you know how the rest of
the story
goes the leaders of Hezbollah got
together in an underground
bunker it didn't work out for them yeah
Israel bombed their bunker so we don't
know how many layers of Hezbollah
leadership has been taken out but I'm
going to introduce to you what I call
the
thre layer
hypothesis I just made this up it's the
three layer hypothesis it goes like this
if you have some you know terrorist
group or bad entity and they've got a
leader like Osama Bin
Laden that might be the best leader so
maybe they're doing so well because
their leader is so good so you take out
the leader ah but unfortunately the
number two guy really worked with the
number one guy and is pretty good as
well so you got to take out the number
two guy number three guy goes in and
damn it the number three guy was trained
by number one and number two also pretty
good pretty not as good not as good but
pretty good so you kill the third
guy now you've got the fourth best
[Music]
terrorist in order to be like a
worldclass terrorist I don't think you
can be fourth best I I think that doing
something as spectacular as Al Al-Qaeda
did you know in 911 if they did it um
you need sort of your highest end
persuaders smst people and there aren't
many of them you know that that's why
there's there aren't a lot of al-Qaeda
because it's hard to get that
charismatic brilliant leader and all the
parts come together so here's my thre
layer hypothesis if you can take out the
top three layers of good Managers from
any entity
The Entity will
collapse so you could do it to Apple
computer so you take Steve Jobs and of
apple and oh it's it's good that uh Tim
Cook is very good he's very good so
they're not really innovating much but
making a ton of money doing great
upgrades are looking good now suppose
Tim Cook decided to retire
early well probably there's a number
three that's solid like a good solid
person who's really made a mark in the
industry what if what if the third one
left down
unexpectedly and you got down to the
fourth best leader of Apple probably
would be better than most people at most
things like if you're the fourth best
Steve Jobs you're still pretty
awesome but are you good enough to bring
that company into the future probably
not because it's so rare you know the
the Steve Jobs capability is not normal
take Elon Musk if Elon Musk decides to
retire tomorrow would his businesses
continue probably probably because he's
got really capable leaders in each of
his business obviously otherwise he
would have no ability to run them but
what if they retired still third best
might be good enough to get you to Mars
what about the fourth best well at that
point it probably all falls
apart so hezb uh down to Fourth best
leader I don't think you come back from
that that that may be complete
destruction it just takes a
while so we'll see um but I would also
encourage you to remember it's fog of
war and our
brainwashers uh tend to be from one side
of the spectrum so it could be that
Israel is not as uh incredibly
professional and successful as the news
is telling
you they might have some
flaws maybe not everybody's dying as
fast as they think maybe they're having
a little more trouble getting those
rocket launchers than maybe the reports
will tell you so I wouldn't believe too
much of the news coming out of there
unless it's confirmed by the other side
such as the death of their lead
leaders anyway Nicole Wallace on the
propaganda brainwashing Network
MSNBC uh asked representative ISO
Lofgren um I guess she's a Democrat uh
if she would uh update her passport
because if Trump gets into office he's
he said that the January 6 committee
upon which she served should be in
jail and she said quite
smugly uh that Congress is above the law
and that Congress is uniquely exempt
from the kind of attack that Trump would
want to use to put anybody in jail to
which I thought
H because I watched that j6 committee
and to me that all looked
criminal that looked criminal it looked
like an actual Insurrection it looked
like treason because they they were so
obviously
hiding information that could have you
know been useful I mean the whole thing
was corrupt from the top to the bottom
so I just assumed there was something
illegal going on because how could you
have such bad behavior and there's no
law that got broken by that trying to
put somebody you know out of office take
power by just
lying how is that legal but it probably
is so the next time somebody says
nobody's Above the Law here's your
answer well that's not true Congress is
Congress passed the
law did it Congress pass the laws or in
the
Constitution must be Congress right
Congress must have passed the law to
make them Above the Law Am I Wrong
Congress is the only entity I know that
has a fund for paying off sex abuse uh
complaintants and they just just sort of
chug on like like his business as normal
why I guess are above the law must be
above the law how about Adam Schiff
telling you that he went into the skiff
and that he saw the you know stuff that
would say the Russia collusion thing was
true and then we find out he didn't see
anything like that he just made it up
how is that legal I mean these are
things which have gigantic consequences
in American life I mean really things
that affect you
personally and he can just lie about it
but he's in Congress is above the law
now probably there's no law against
lying uh in that context but nothing
else seems to be illegal either so yes
we do have a system in which our elected
uh Congress people are literally above
the
law all right Melania has a new book and
apparently in it she comes out in favor
of abortion she thinks only women should
make decisions about their bodies I say
the Republicans are crazy
because they should say that women get
to make all the decisions now because
there are more Women Voters than men and
now that it's in the states Trump is
taking it away from himself a man and
taking the decision away from the courts
mostly men and given it to the states
that are mostly women so to me one of
the most compelling arguments is I moved
the decision from a domain that was
mostly men himself Trump and the Supreme
Court mostly men I took it out of the
domain where mostly men were deciding I
put it into a domain where women are the
majority
now to me that's a solid
argument but I have been told by
somebody very smart that it doesn't work
for
everybody does it sound good to you
because I think there's some research
that says that's not exactly the one
that's going to break
through I think the real the real
keywords are well here's how here's how
I might want to go about
it
um why does he not say that I don't know
I think it maybe doesn't test well or
something I'm not sure
but here's maybe what uh Republicans
need to be better
at because of the abortion question it
seems like Republicans have um accident
acally created a brand that can be
easily looked at as
anti-woman now it's not or anything like
it but it can be easily you know
reframed that way by the Democrats so
maybe you need to
lead with we want what's best for
women because if you lead with we want
what's best for The Unborn then all the
women who vote say um that's the wrong
order the correct order is I'm
first The Unborn is
second now there's probably a way that
you can say that without changing your
views on
abortion in other words you can say
something like our primary concern is
the women involved and we know it's a
terrible situation to be in uh and it's
a very hard choice and we' like to do
everything we can to support that woman
having the best
outcome I know some people think the
best outcome is uh is
abortion and women are the majority in
the states and they'll make that
call but we think we should be
supporting women more through
IVF um through better adoption processes
in some cases through education and
maybe you know improving our standards
for who's getting pregnant who isn't and
uh we think that we could work um hand
inand with the uh the Democrat rats
because we all like
IVF uh we all like better abortion I'm
sorry better adoption we'd all like that
and we'd like um more people so we'd
like these women to have those children
and we also think that the people who
are happiest are in a stable family
relationship so there might be a lot of
situations where they would have been
happier having the child um but we want
to make sure they have all those options
so there's some way to sell this where
you've put the woman first but you
haven't changed your mind about whether
or not there should be an
abortion a lot of it is just the way you
the way you frame it so um it might
seem creepy to
Republicans to basically take the chance
of throwing away a baby as you would say
to support some green-haired
feminist
but I think um it's not it's not immoral
or unethical to say that you care about
the adult
woman you you can make that the first
part of your
message and still not change your
opinion on abortion so it' be a little
better framing I don't know if it change
anybody's opinion but there's a better
way to say everything all right
um apparently Scott presler got another
win he's been registering people in
Pennsylvania and he alerted us to the
fact that although Trump is going to
have his rally there in Pennsylvania in
Butler the same place he got shot um and
of course it'll be a big event because
it's being held there uh
and I guess Scott Pressler was hoping
there would be a lot of voter
registrations because it'd be a lot of
attention on that and he'd be able to
use that to boost his voter registration
stuff but then the uh the people who run
the systems in the state decided to do
maintenance on the voter registration
system the evening of the uh
rally which looks uh first of all
there's some reports that that would be
uncommon that normally they would do it
from let's say you know midnight or 3:00
a.m. they wouldn't do it as 6:00 p.m. to
midnight the exact time that people
would be likely registering because they
got inspired by the by the rally and
that got
reversed so Scott presler took it to the
public and embarrassed the people who
were in charge and the people in charge
said oh we'll do maintenance at night
like we always do good job Scott
Pressler I'll tell you if if Trump wins
and Pennsylvania is the state that makes
all the
difference Scott presler needs some kind
of national
recognition I don't know what it would
be what do we what what's available like
a I know some kind of metal of
something there got to be some kind of
an award for that
he he's he he's really representing the
best of the American Spirit in so many
ways in so many ways you know he's got
the hard work he's got the supporting
the system he's got the trying to do it
right you know lots of people are trying
to do their weasel thing a lot of people
lying in politics and hiding things he's
just trying to do it right just how
about how about we sign you up to vote
that's doing it
right so congratulations Sim I hope it
hope it works out all right medal of
freedom there you go the medal of
freedom why not metal of
freedom I mean he certainly would have
saved the country I mean maybe it could
be he's saving the country I mean it
could be that close that his his work
makes the
difference all
right
um a bedazzled Medal of Honor yeah let's
make it special
all right ladies and gentlemen I'm going
to say hi to the subscribers on locals
that's all I have for the rest of you if
you're on exor rumble or YouTube thanks
for joining and I will see you same time
tomorrow
and locals I will be with you in 30
seconds
privately
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e e