I do bump up um yes I'm back you can't
get enough of me we've got lots going on
one of the things going on is our
situation with Iran so I'm going to talk
about that in a minute after I have a
beverage with you do you have your
beverage lift your beverage so how many
of you saw the photo that was on social
media of how many if I'm pronouncing it
right come an e at a book fair and he's
browsing through a copy of what appears
to be the Farsi version of fire and fury
Michael Wolf's book that was very
anti-trump and gossipy and made a big
big splash now here's what's here's
what's interesting about this it took me
a few days to believe that this was a
real picture first of all because I
thought to myself oh that's just obvious
Photoshop but then apparently it's on
his I just checked it's on his Instagram
page I think that's his real Instagram
page there's you know over over a
million followers and if it's on his
Instagram page assuming this is really
him it means he approved the picture
because nobody would take a chance of
you know posting a picture that would
get them in trouble
obviously he personally approved the
picture now what does this tell us
now you remember there was a I think it
was a tweet not too many days ago in
which he insulted the president and
president Trump and said something about
the he will be worm food
and the Iranian nation will go on now
when I first read the tweet I didn't I
didn't quite know how to interpret it
because there's a there are cultural
differences you know it is a warm food
the worst insult you can say you know is
it like throwing your shoe at somebody
you know is it is it does it have any
special meaning or is this something you
say at a party because it sounds funny
it's like I is worm food so I know I
couldn't tell was it almost a joking
kind of insult or was he just talking in
a sort of a serious way with colorful
language was hard to tell and so you
know I jokingly but not completely
jokingly I tweeted that oh it looks like
there's an opening now I was harking
back to Kim jong-un's Twitter or at
least public exchange with President
Trump and how when it became personal
and joking it probably personalized
their relationship in a weird way and
may have actually contributed to the
summit so I said to myself is come any
trying to do something like that because
he saw that it got a good result and I
thought well maybe but you can't really
tell from that one tweet and then this
comes out you know the picture of him
reading fire and fury now there's no
doubt that that's a joke
now it's meant to you know be kind of a
trolling poke at the president but it's
so non-traditional to do it this way
it's obviously he meant the people who
would read this you know maybe his
followers more than the presidents would
sort of laugh at it and say oh that's
pretty funny that he picked up that
particular book to learn about the
president now somebody may have handed
it to him you know
I doubt that he planned it but he
certainly approved the picture so he
approved the message that it was going
to send so what does that tell you well
at first I thought to myself president
Trump's going to have trouble dealing
with this guy you know because you've
got the you know the Ayatollah who's you
know serious all the time and then
President Trump just sort of the
opposite of that so I'm thinking I don't
know how that's ever gonna work
whereas it was obvious to me when you
saw pictures of Kim Jong on he was
always laughing and having a joke and he
was friends with Dennis Rodman and from
from the first minute you could say well
I think those two could get little get
along all right so it was a little bit
more obvious with Kim jong-un but it
feels to me like how many is sending a
message about his human side if you will
and I don't know any reason that you
would do that other than to lighten the
mood and and to at least test you know
in a very small very small incremental
way could we be walking toward each
other instead of away from each other
like is there anything here you know
there's a lot of reading between the
lines I don't think I don't think you
could conclude with any certainty
anything at this point but this is very
unusual that he would respond to you
know us getting out of the nuclear deal
you know a life-and-death top-priority
important issue totally serious with a
jokey kind of social media response
unless he was trying to humanize it and
I don't think he would try to humanize
it just for maybe strategic stalling
reasons or anything like that it feels
like the carrot and stick offer that the
president has put it on the table which
is you know it's going to be very bad
for you if you don't play well with us
but it could be really
really good for you if you do we like to
make other countries successful we've
got a pretty good track record of doing
that if they're nice to us
so yes so somebody's saying he's trying
to bug Trump and and certainly you know
it's meant in a troll ish way but
because he's trolling with humour and
that seems a break with the the dark
gloomy you know posturing we've seen
before if feels like he's trying to
humanize the situation which could be
good now check this out that just
happened moments ago on social media so
I'm going to look up Khomeini again
kaj how do you spell his name me all
right let me not try that there's things
you shouldn't do while you're live how
can I not find anything in my phone when
I need to
all right moments ago here we go so his
latest posting was just a close-up of
him yeah I know how well you can see it
are you smiling all right
that's interesting because if we look at
his the rest of his page recently he's
doing a lot of smiling so you know and
then you don't have to go back too far
to see the the stern look so it looks
like the the smiling stuff is pretty
recent I haven't looked at it enough to
see if there's a pattern but if he's got
a sense of humor that's good news all
right
he has this is a weird thing to say but
I think some of you will know know what
I'm saying yes more eyes Kamini does he
looks like a smart guy and if he's a
smart guy with a sense of humor and he
wants what's best for his country three
assumptions that I feel I can make we've
got something to work with here
hmm all right so that's all I wanted to
say on that topic let me bring up a
second topic so you know the the summit
with North Korea is going to be in
Singapore and here's an interesting fact
about Singapore a few interesting facts
number one there are a small you know
city nation tiny little dot on the map
number two they're super rich they got a
crap ton of money and they have a lot of
money to invest and I know this from I
know this from my sources that Singapore
wishes to invest some of their some more
of their vast wealth in the United
States but they have a problem
Singapore wants to put money into this
country but it's hard do you know what's
holding things up we don't have a we
don't have an impasse
or yet to Singapore mind blowing what's
holding it up well the Democrats and you
know just slow walking everything we
don't have an ambassador to Singapore
Singapore is hosting the most important
summit of my lifetime critical to
everything the what do we want to
accomplish in Singapore we want to go to
Singapore and make sure that North Korea
knows that we'll keep our commitments
whatever whatever a week we promise that
we'll keep our commitments and and we're
set to go to a place that we haven't
even kept our commitment to put an
ambassador in place seriously that is a
terrible look we should put the
ambassador of Singapore front of the
line you know if there's anything that
the Democrats and the Republicans can
agree on
it's that the meeting in Singapore is
super super important and you want to
get it right in every way you can get it
right and one of the ways would be to
show Singapore some respect by putting
them to the front of the line they're
doing this a solid favor here
Singapore's step it up I don't think
it's cheap and I don't think it's easy
to do what they're going to do for us
which is to help hosts which is a lot of
security and everything else and we
can't give them a an ambassador so that
they've got a connection to invest their
vast wealth in our country more
efficiently this is free money this is
low-hanging fruit this is nothing but us
just deciding to do the smarter thing
and pushing their ambassador to the
front of the list instead of wherever
they are
let's give Singapore an ambassador let's
show North Korea that we can take care
of our friends all right let's show them
how to make money we've got stranded
money that could be coming to this
country in the form of investments that
the Singaporeans are saying
we don't quite know how to make the
connections you know can can you give us
an ambassador to sort of be a Rainmaker
for our investments so here's my
suggestion to Trump administration just
raise us raise this issue a little bit
see if you can get the Democrats to
agree on just this for national security
this isn't like every other little
ambassador to a smallish nation the
world's washing Singapore everybody is
going to be in Singapore and if if
that's not good enough reason keep in
mind that when the summit starts there's
going to be a whole lot of news coverage
before there's much news so you need
somebody to be on there talking up your
side and the key people are going not
going to be talking they're going to be
in the meetings so there's going to be a
whole lot of secret meetings and a whole
lot of news cameras with nobody to talk
to for a while let's get him an
ambassador even if it's his first day in
the job or her the ambassador should be
the the voice of our Singaporean
relationships and should be part of this
story so it frustrates me when I see
something this obvious that's an easy
fix
just move it from the back of the line
to the front you make the summit go well
you open up those investments that they
want to make you treat a you treat a
trusted ally the way you would want them
to be treated and the way you'd want to
be treated it's a win for everybody does
anybody disagree with that it feels like
that's something that no one disagrees
with right
yeah there's no disagreement so let's do
that I'm gonna be I'm gonna push on that
point a little more you know one of the
interesting things about the the Trump
age I guess is that I have this feeling
like it's audience participation all the
time don't you do it don't you feel more
engaged in the sort of the political
process you know far more than you ever
did before and here's another example
where I think you know we the people can
directly ask for something that's not
controversial it's easy to explain we
the people can say give a give Singapore
an ambassador all right treat them with
the respect that they are clearly
earning let's let's let's step up our
game a little bit let's let's put a good
look on this so I'm going to be pushing
on this topic a little bit more than
today but that's all I have to say for
today and well I might be back later
today we'll see I'll talk to you later