[Music]
oh hey Kevin come on in here good to see
you
everybody come on in come on it's time
hello London
enjoy your election there we'll be
talking about you this morning but not
until we've enjoyed the unparalleled
pleasure of the simultaneous sip we're
going to do this international version
simultaneously sipping across the pond
that's right Great Britain joined with
us the rest of you countries I know
you're there all over the world all you
need is a cup or a mug or glasses
snifter stein challenge tiger thermos /
canteen Grail goblet vessel of any kind
fill it with your favorite liquid you
know what I like yeah coffee join me now
for this unparalleled pleasure of the
dopamine hit of the day the thing that
makes everything better you know it does
the simultaneous it go well so we got
some news today it happens every day
seems like every time you wake up look
there's news so our Great Britain had a
little vote and decided that Boris
Johnson and his party the Conservatives
would would rule the day and therefore
they would get brexit done in a few
months and what do people say about that
they say oh my god even Joe Biden is
saying it's evidence that the far-left
can't win so even Democrats are saying
that there's a perfectly good reason why
the guy who looks like the poor man's
Donald Trump literally Boris Johnson is
the poor man's Donald Trump and he wins
and even Joe Biden kand
understands why because his competition
was too far left just as Joe Biden's
competition is too far left
apparently there's gonna be some massive
trade deal that the US and Great Britain
will do now that brexit or at least once
brexit is behind them and this brings up
the question of code reuse now I'm not
going to say this proves we're living in
a simulation I'm just gonna point it out
for entertainments sake
turns out that Glenn Simpson believes
that maybe there was some Russian
interference Glenn Simpson of diffusion
GPS also known for the steel dossier is
actually saying this without any irony
or embarrassment whatsoever that Russia
interfered with the election in the
Great Britain and Hillary Clinton saying
the same thing oh my god so somebody who
reminds us of the poor man's Donald
Trump meeting Boris Johnson has an
election and the same players are saying
that Russia rigged the election do you
think that Russia do you think that
Russia wanted to rig an election to make
Great Britain more economically sound
because I think that's what's going to
happen I don't even know what to say
about this this Glenn's him some
Russians influence the election thing
because it's so I don't even know what
the word is is absurd coincidental is
that the simulation is a crazy is it
shameless I don't know what this is I
don't even have words to put on this
it's just so weird but it exists I
everyday with that have you ever had
this experience I'm gonna make you an
analogy
just for fun it's not for a persuasion
just for fun you ever have that
situation where you're you're sitting at
a stoplight next to a bus and for
whatever reason the bus next to you
starts moving backwards a little bit and
then it makes you slam on your brakes
because it makes you feel like you're
moving forward but it's only because the
the context changed it's one of those
like weird illusions of life you've all
had that well there's an illusion that
I've had a few times where I've kind of
I've got an app on my phone for watching
the news or well for watching TV but I'm
usually just watching the news now
flipping back and forth between you know
CNN and Fox News and everything every
once a while MSNBC and all every now and
then I'll have the following experience
where I think that I hit the Fox News
icon but I really had to MSNBC or CNN
and I'll be sitting there listening to
the news thinking that it's Fox News and
I'll say to myself what the hell's wrong
with the news what what am i hearing
because it'll sound just batshit crazy
and I'll say to myself what happened to
Fox News and then I look over and I
realize that I accidentally hit the
MSNBC button there this happened this
morning and I swear I'm not making this
up
I thought I'd hit the Fox News button
and accidentally hit MSNBC and while I'm
doing other things I hear hear out of
the corner of my ear I hear them asking
about Trump's state of mind because of
the impeachment and I thought to myself
state of mind what kind of craziness is
this on fox news that they're going to
be doing mind-reading and talking about
the what the internal thoughts of a
stranger are that would be stupid
how could Fox News do oh it's MSNBC and
then I understood if you don't have
anything good to report for your team
you write about mind-reading and things
that might happen in the future because
they can't be verified to be not true
the problem with the Russia collusion
problem is that when you looked at the
facts it disappeared when you look at
impeachment and you look at the criteria
for impeachment it disappears facts do
not work against Trump apparently but
what does work is imagining that you can
see in his mind I've been waiting for
this just for the the humor element so
the Trump administration passes this I
don't know the technical details but
they they had an anti Semitism thing
that they're pushing through and if
you're Jewish
or you're worried about anti-semitism in
any way it's nothing but good right so
the Jewish community wanted it nobody
really didn't want it too much there's
some questions about freedom of speech
but basically it's an unambiguously
positive thing in terms of a step
against anti-semitism and I thought to
myself how in the world is the fake news
going to complain about an anti-semitism
step that the administration makes how
can you possibly complain about that
like what possible thing could you say
and it looks like they had to reach
pretty deep deeply into their bench to
get somebody who was willing to say that
is really bad they found this guy David
Perry to write an op-ed to say that he
doesn't feel safer because of the
anti-semitism Act and he gave reasons
and here are the reasons
bla bla bla batshit crazy
I'm not even going to tell you the
reasons because the reasons are just so
stupid and desperate and and uh hubris
that they had to go so far into like a
non regular contributor at least I
haven't seen his name before to find
somebody
who was willing to say as a Jewish
person I'm guessing to say that an
anti-semitism act wasn't helping are you
kidding you've got a really try hard to
find out how that's bad okay now if you
if he had been complaining about freedom
of speech there's there's a point to be
made there but not the way he did it all
right Lindsey Graham as you know is
proposing that when the Senate gets the
impeachment case assuming that the house
votes to impeach the Senate takes it up
next and Lindsey Graham very much in
agreement with my opinion might not ask
any witnesses I might just say let's
just vote on it there's nothing else to
say it's a it's a crock and just voted
out of business I have said that that's
brilliant but it needs to be paired with
a statement that is really really brief
and telling why the two articles and the
Pietschmann are not even applicable you
know that they're just ridiculous so I
haven't heard that the Republicans plan
to do the brief statement but I can
imagine something like that will
probably come out of it now some people
have said hey hey hey we want the the
Republicans to be able to call witnesses
like hunter Biden and Adam Schiff and
all that because we'll find out all this
new stuff and it'll be great for the
Republicans here's the problem
and here's why I agree with Lindsey
Graham once you've won the case or made
the sale let's say you don't want to
keep selling you never want to keep
selling after the close if you ever
heard that phrase I use it once in a
while never sell past the close what
that means is let's say your sales
person and you've convinced your buyer
to buy and the buyer says okay I'm gonna
buy this thing the moment the buyer says
yes do not keep describing your product
because if you keep describing it
there's a nonzero chance you'll say
something that will reverse the sale but
if you just shut up once you've got the
yes and you say okay is it gonna be you
know checked or credit card and you just
work on the transaction that's how you
would be trained as a salesperson I
would argue that having watched the
house grapple with the appeasement stuff
that in terms of the public and
certainly the Republicans in the Senate
that the sale is already made
they've already decided to vote against
it because there's nothing there
in their view which I agree with but if
they call witnesses they introduce new
variables and they allow the other team
the fake news to create new stories
about it and all it does is create
possibilities for bad stuff to happen
sure I know you want revenge I know you
want to see Schiff squirming in front of
the questioning but I believe that he
can be brought up separately correct me
if I'm wrong but I think Adam Schiff
could if if the Senate wanted to or the
or the house I don't know how that works
exactly but I'm sure they can call it
witnesses for anything they want they
just have to have a reasonably good
predicate I guess so shift could be
still questioned in a separate process
but Lindsey Graham is 100% strategically
lawyer correct he got it right
strategically because once you've once
you've won just Bank the wind so that's
smart don't allow new variables in it's
all good so Lindsey Graham smart those
who say let's keep this going because it
makes the other team bad or will
interview them and make them squirm bad
strategy take the win take the wind so
Lindsey Graham smart
here's the question for you it's so easy
for us to get all wound up with our
brain washing
now I've just I've I've described in the
past patriotism and the feelings that
you have for the country are largely the
result of brainwashing but it's a
productive and good brainwashing in
other words when you send you a little
you know your kid to first grade and
your kid is taught to you know put his
or her hand on the heart and do the
Pledge of Allegiance and and stand for
the flag and all that stuff that this
begins a long process of indoctrination
and brainwashing in order to have a
strong country you need to have a sort
of a strong common you know core base
belief system that the country is good
and you know it's worth protecting and
you should die for it all that so we do
a really good job of brainwashing our
citizens but that brainwashing lasts
forever you know it doesn't go away you
know when you're an adult you're not
less brainwashed you're the result of
that brainwashing but you think that
you're thinking independently you
imagine that you have independent
opinions but nothing like that is
happening so here's the provocative
thing I want to put out there all right
your first reaction to this is going to
be based on your brainwashing okay so
you're going to have a really negative
reaction to what I say next but not
because it's wrong and not because you
have a reason against it just monitor
this in your own mind monitor how you
have a strong negative reaction to it
and then separately look how there are
no reasons all right here it is let's
say Russia in influenced our election
given that the election and let's say
it's a future election so we don't even
have to talk about 2016 let's just say
Russia or any other country doesn't have
to
Russia could be China over somebody else
let's say they do influence our election
and the end the and because elections
are always close you know most of our
elections are going to be close to 50/50
because people just took the party but
let's say that instead of one side
winning by let's say 52 percent to 48
let's say that there was outside
interference and it reversed the result
so that the winner had 48 percent of the
vote and the loser actually had more
votes 52 percent is that a problem
here's the part you're gonna hate it's
not even slightly a problem it's not the
smallest problem in the world it's no
problem it's not a trivial problem
there's no problem at all now don't you
reject that isn't your brain saying of
course that's a problem are you kidding
me that means that Russia or China are
basically in charge of our country
they're the ones deciding who it is
they're obviously gonna pick the one
that's good for them and bad for the
United States it's terrible right well
let me point out first of all the
obvious thing that the the person who
got the least amount of votes actually
won the election do you have a problem
with that no because it's called the
electoral college and we've accepted
that that's our standard so as long as
the standard was met you know we're okay
with the person with the fewer votes
getting elected but let me tell you this
no matter who was the one who had the 48
and no matter which side had 252
reversing it still gets you to something
like half of the people in the country
happy with how it turned out if half of
the people roughly speaking are happy
about the result no matter which way it
goes because it's close to 50/50 who
cares
do you do you think that an election in
which the result is about 50/50 do you
think that the people in I
other side really no which is good for
the country
obviously not we're just not that smart
we're not smart enough to know that the
person who just barely lost versus the
person who just barely won we're not
smart enough to know which one of those
would be a better president it wouldn't
make any difference at least in terms of
predictability it wouldn't make any
difference it would make a difference in
outcome but not a predictable one so
here's the thing of course of course we
should try as hard as we can to get rid
of all foreign interference because we
don't want the credibility of our
elections to come into question I'm just
telling you that in terms of the outcome
not that big a deal in terms of how it
looks or feels or the credibility of
this system all that stuff's important
and you need to you know drive that to
zero but as long as our elections for
president are always something like
50/50 you can't really make a compelling
argument that the one who barely lost
you know is turned into the one who
barely won there somehow that's
destroying the Republic somebody says oh
god it has nothing to do with this well
why don't you tell me bankster news what
it has to do with because I just told
you it has to do with the credibility
the system etc we all agree on that
I'm only compartmentalizing for a moment
and saying that he can't really tell yes
the country is worse off you can tell
that your candidate didn't get elected
you can't you can tell you're unhappy if
your candidate lost the election but you
can't necessarily tell that the world is
better off or worse off alright enough
on that when you saw president Trump's
tweet about Greta Thun Berg you've all
seen it by now in which he sort of
gently mocked her and told her to chill
out and she had some anger man
issues but it was a pretty gentle brush
back I would call it gentle and that's
appropriate because she's not an adult
she's not you know it she it just
wouldn't have been right to go any
harder on her let's just put it that way
and how did the president's critics
react oh pretty predictably crystal is a
big Trump critic on CNN Headline if his
article is we should all be appalled by
Trump's Greta Thun Berg tweet are you
appalled it's funny I don't feel
appalled and I'm willing to say that if
a Democrat had made a tweet against
somebody who was maybe on the right
probably wouldn't be appalled if you're
appalled by this you need to seek help
all right you need to maybe give some
professional help if the president's
gentle tweet about Greta thud Berg who
clearly can take a joke because she she
put the tweet into her profile
immediately now some say that her her
handlers did that but obviously she
would have had to agree to it I don't
know how you can how this could bother
you so much now and and solicitors
making the point there's not a partisan
position that you should be a pole that
the president's tweet it's a moral one
it's a common-sense one now that's weird
because if it's common sense why can't I
see it if it's a moral position why
can't I see it why is it invisible to me
isn't common sense supposed to be common
if it's not common it's not common sense
I would think I would have most of the
common stuff but to me it just looked
like good fun honestly it didn't look
like anything but fun
it looked like the president was having
fun with a non-issue which is you know
who's TIME's Person of the Year has no
importance to the world whatsoever so
the president just has a little fun with
it and then Greta Sundberg has a little
fun with his little fun both of them get
a little bit of attention does Greta
Thun Berg like attention well I don't
know if she likes it internally in terms
of her you know mental cognition of it
but I know it's useful every time the
President of the United States talks
about her she becomes more important so
and then there was a Patton Oswalt you
probably all know Patton Oswalt comedian
who tweeted the president is a stupid
a-hole and if you voted for him you're a
stupid a-hole and if you still support
him you're a stupid a-hole and then he
wrote Ono this tweet is going to make
all the stupid a-holes not like me where
now remember what I said about I feel as
though you could divide the world up in
terms of how people think think about
Trump you you imagine that it's broken
up into people on the left and people on
the right and you imagine that's people
on the right like him and the people on
the left out but there's another filter
on this that I don't think can be
ignored and Patton Oswalt is a perfect
example of it I think people who had
been bullied as children I have a really
triggered feeling about Trump because he
is a bully all right now he's the bully
that half of the country hired with
complete and full disclosure that they
knew exactly what they were getting
because the president offered to bully
the people that his voters wanted to get
bullied other countries China Isis
Democrats they basically signed up to
have a bully do some bullying for them
so I think that there are two kinds of
people in the world those who
have been bullies or we're at best case
have not been affected by bullies who
are ok with it because they they they
just see a strong character who can do
some strong things that they need but if
your patton oswalt what are the chances
that you were bullied as a child pretty
high right everybody who's not six foot
four and ripped with muscles has been
bullied as a child some worths versus
others but I swear it just looks like a
psychological problem now somebody said
my wife called and calls in the bully I
would say also the in addition to
bullying in the you know male-to-male
way there's sort of a perpetual problem
that all wouldn't have if you're a woman
you can't walk outside without some some
male concern in other words you know
you're gonna get whistled at you're
going to be approached it's dangerous
you know just being a woman in the world
is sort of a sort of a tough thing so
it's not exactly like bullying but you
certainly have had the experience if
you're a woman I would imagine this as
close to universal you have the
experience of let's say well I don't
want to say powerful men because that
makes it sound like it's a positive in
some way but men who have bad intentions
and act bad so whether you would call
that bullying or sexual harassment or
whatever else it feels the same probably
so I really think that explains so much
of what we think is politics because
it's so attenuated and of what seems
like normal behavior some of it of
course were a lot of it is the fake news
getting people worked up that was
talking about China
the president has tweeted that there's
some kind of a positive movement on
China trade deal the the leak has
something to do with 50 billion dollars
of agricultural purchases from China and
baby oh they'll tighten up on their
stealing of intellectual property now
that wouldn't be a
complete trade deal there are other
authority issues including fentanyl etc
and you're a few thoughts number one
let's say that this so-called phase one
gets done this one's sort of trivial in
the sense that's the easy stuff you know
it's the the authority or issues that
are holding out but it certainly makes
sense to me that if we we have ongoing
relationships with them
that are going to change right away then
we should optimize them so it makes
sense that if we're already doing this
this kind of business with China then we
would want the best deal we can have to
do more of this kind of business at the
same time I think decoupling is
happening and what I mean by that is
that it would be kind of crazy to to
make new business with China if you're
not already trapped into it so Jim
Cramer has sent it directly now that our
economy is so strong that we could walk
away from China
Steve Bennett has said it I say it Kyle
Bass says that Gordon Chang says it so
you're seeing more and more people who
are associated with both left and right
saying maybe we could just walk away but
I don't think there's going to be a walk
away or a comprehensive Chinese deal
neither those are going to happen in
isolation I think that we'll do some
deals we'll keep trying to improve
things where we can but that new
business just won't go there because
it's too much of a risk it would be
humiliating and embarrassing and also
risky business wise so and yeah I
suppose this will be a test of the
Dilber influence because if you're
willing to do what is so easily mocked
by a Dilbert cartoon you know doing
business with your enemies expecting
that that's going to work out well you
deserve
to get so and then because the China
deal apparently is silent on the
question of fentanyl I I'm gonna agree
with withhold judgment on this so-called
phase one deal because if all it is is
you know at week two business that's
ongoing anyway it is good for our
farmers why not you know it's good for
the farmers why not but we have to
decouple and the fentanyl thing until
their top fentanyl dealer whose name
they know whose address they know whose
face they know they know exactly where
he is until until China kills that guy
and I mean kill him I mean actually
executed until that happens you can't
really get serious about doing business
which I know were continuing to do
business with them in the long run so I
think and then we see hints that China's
might be having a debt issue some
companies over there or two highly
leveraged and they might be in trouble
and that might make things better but is
it directionally positive that were
somebody's asking in the comments
directionally positive well check the
stock market stock market will tell you
let's see what the stock market is doing
today I think the answer is probably up
stock market is close to flat but you
know just slightly up and the other most
of the other things that I track are up
a lot or a little bit so it looks like
the market has decided that China not
that big a thing now I ask you to check
your prediction filters somebody says
what about genocide
yeah there's I think the the Weger
situation is continuing to increase in
visibility as is the flood falou GOG
that they're using for
parts they're killing the flu God
reportedly taking their body parts and
selling them for transplants so I can't
see that China's reputation will do
anything but continue to deteriorate
over time so China is moving pretty much
everything is moving in the wrong
direction
now let me let me suggest a solution for
Hong Kong are you ready
here's a out-of-the-box solution not
Hong Kong I'm sorry North Korea
here's a North Korea peace plan that you
did not see coming
are you ready it goes like this the
United States declares peace and
surrenders to North Korea in the context
of the you know North Korean war that at
least on paper has been going on for
generations they ready so the United
States declares peace you know says
formally that the end of the North Korea
conflict is over maybe it takes a
congressional offer and we surrender to
North Korea do you see where it's going
yet and then we say it in North Korea
well here's the deal in in return for
surrendering because it's not an
unconditional surrender it's a
conditional surrender which is fine
there are unconditional surrender Xand
there are conditional surrenders and
both of them can work so we say it's a
conditional surrender and it looks like
this you get to North Korea wait you
have to wait for the punch line because
I know that the first part of this
sounds terrible to you but wait wait for
the punch line all right it's worth it
so we say to North Korea it's a
conditional what we want is be able to
monitor your nuclear nuclear weapons and
you can keep them are you ready I
haven't got to the good part yet
so we end the war formally
we surrender to North Korea we give them
the victory so while you went we can't
defeat you
we surrender all we ask in return is
that you don't point your nukes in our
direction but if you wanted to point
your nukes toward China we think that
would be pretty smart because China is
your biggest threat and once we've
surrendered and declared an end of Zhai
still these perhaps we can be part of
your defense against our common enemy
China I'm looking at the comments one
says absolutely not and the other says
awesome now some of the Saudis laughing
at me is saying Scott Scott Scott China
and North Korea are partners don't you
understand that they're their Ally he's
Scott
you stupid bastard Scott here's what I
understand do you think that Kim jong-un
is more afraid of trouble or President
Xi which one which one purple which one
poses the biggest risk to North Korea in
the long run in the long run I don't
know if it's China but I'll bet we could
convince of it is so here's the thing
let me let me boil this back to its
essence lots of smart people have said
and they might not be wrong lots of
smart people have said that North Korea
will never give up its nukes there's
just no way it will ever do that let's
say that's true is it also true that
they can't be convinced to point their
weapons at their biggest risk and not at
us who just declared peace surrendered
and maybe in maybe we remove some assets
from from South Korea's and military
assets that may depend on other factors
as well but
what if we just say North Korea we love
you guys why don't we just be friends we
surrender and maybe you could help us
protect against the the common risk that
we both hold which is China and Russia
maybe I don't know how Russia works in
here but so the the the whole idea Brae
boils down to this if you believe it's
true that North Korea will never get rid
of their nukes what's your best outcome
if they're gonna keep them well
attacking North Korea is a terrible
outcome so we don't want to attack them
having them continue to have nuclear
weapons and develop them and point them
in our direction the terrible outcomes
we don't want that but keeping their
nuclear weapons but agreeing to point
them at their enemy instead of us we
might be able to live with that we might
be able to I don't know you know all of
the options are bad right if you only
have bad options you have to pick the
least bad one if you have an option that
is both possible and better than that
I'd like to hear it because you might
have an excellent idea what about all
the starving North Koreans the starving
North Koreans would be fed if they have
peace with the United States because
then the trade sanctions are off so
North Korea gets food they get to keep
their nuclear weapons they just have to
work with us to point them in a
different direction that's all just
point of in a different direction now I
realized that the problem is that it's
easy to retarget your nukes and if they
ever got mad at the United States they'd
have all these nukes they could point in
our direction but isn't that true Great
Britain to Great Britain has nukes if
they ever got really mad at us think
your point about us but we're not
worried about it because they're an ally
Israel has nukes
if they wanted to they could point them
out the United States but we're not
worried about it because their allies
North Korea could keep nukes if they
became allies and what would cook what
would prevent North Korea somebody says
Scott is not very bright well you just
got blocked and remember I I'm
completely open to you telling me why
idea won't work
so that's perfectly good but Scott
slobberry bright Scott is so naive is
not really a reason what about Iran
somebody says I think Iran looks like
it's self solving it looks like Iran's
economy is is going in such a bad
direction and they've got a huge young
population who is going to want their
internet and they're going to want their
capitalism I think so I think Nora I
think Iran is just just wait you know I
love I love what the president has
introduced president Trump has let's say
he's solidified a way of thinking that
we always had but we only used it
periodically and that way of thinking is
if you have an economic option you just
always use that you know use economics
first and military last so that's what
the president is doing with the rand
it's economics first military last is
what he's doing with North Korea we're
not attacking North Korea it's economics
first and the beauty of this method is
let me put it this way
if you only ever did economic sanctions
rarely it's just you know in the rarest
case you would use them I don't think
they'd be as good because if you only
use them rarely it looks just like war
but
if you were to say instead the following
countries are economically let's say
they have a good business record then
you could say we're going to do all bit
we're going to do as much business as we
can with all the countries that are
reliable business partners forget about
military just business if they're
reliable business partners will do
business with you don't care about your
government or anything else but if
you're not a reliable part of the
international economic system you're
completely shut out and I think that's
where we're heading
I think we're heading to a point where
the downside of being a bad actor is
just being shut out of the international
economic system so why hasn't Venezuela
ruled don't forget I have some real
questions about Venezuela right
Venezuela why are we hearing more about
Venezuela that didn't seem to you as if
Venezuela was on the the cusp of
something bad or good happening there
was something was gonna happen and then
suddenly it's just not even than the
news what's happening in Venezuela are
they still eating their pets how come
that just went out of the news so you
have to ask yourself what's going on
there they are almost out of gold
somebody said well maybe yeah and our I
guess our frenemies and other countries
are propping the loops I lights just
went out I wonder why I'm gonna go find
out why I just lost power and I will
talk to you later