pom pom pom pom hey everybody come on in
here Chris it's good to see you it's
been so long
Beth hi baby Tyler Kevin it's all great
to see you and I know why you're here
it's for the coffee but it's also for
the learning and when I say learning I
mean I even put on my professor sweater
to make it extra impactful but first
before we get to that it's time for
something I like to call the
simultaneous F and it starts when you
grab your cup your mug your glass your
Stein your tankard your chalice your
thermos perhaps a flask fill it with
your favorite liquid I like coffee and
join me now for the simultaneous it oh
yeah a little reminder for those of you
who would prefer to watch this content
on YouTube this is the live version on
periscope I do every morning but within
an hour or so or two it will be
downloaded and then uploaded to YouTube
and you can find it by searching for
real coffee with Scott Adams make sure
you put the real on there real coffee
with Scott Adams and if you watch that
it's monetized and that's good for me to
do but if you like to watch it live this
is the only place to do it so we're
going to talk about Ian Bremmer
first and then I'm gonna give you a
lesson on identifying fake news such as
the Ian Bremmer
tweet if you are not up on the news let
me tell you what happened so Ian Bremmer
who is president and founder of Eurasia
group and a political science professor
at NYC also a frequent guest on new
shows has a big big footprint on Twitter
as well so you've probably heard of them
you've probably
seeing him talking about the stuff on TV
so he does a tweet yesterday of the day
before in which he says and by the way
this is not true so this is just what
the tweet said Kim Jong gun
so he attributed this to Trump so he
tweeted as if this were a quote from
Trump wall Trump is over and was over in
Japan or is over there
he said that allegedly that Trump said
Kim Jong gun is smarter and would make a
better president than sleepy Joe Biden
now first of all the first thing you
need to know is that's not true
President Trump did not say that but
what is true so apparently Ian Bremmer
took the tweet down after there was a
some confusion a number of reputable
reputable news sites
apparently retweeted it as if it were
true and the Internet many people on the
internet thought it was true I think his
comment was that it was a sort of a
comment on the state of the news and
social media I'm paraphrasing but but
that's all the embroider said about it I
like the fact that he's not saying too
much about it which makes it kind of
funky so here's my take on this was
clearly now that we know that it was not
real we know I think we can say this was
some some certainty that it was intended
as parody in other words it was a tweet
which was supposed to be sort of in the
let's say in the general field as
something that the president might have
said and that's the joke the joke is
that it's outrageous but it's not so
outrageous given the things that
President Trump has tweeted or said in
the past it's not so outrageous that
it's
obvious that he didn't say it it just
wasn't obvious and so I think as parody
it fell short meaning that it didn't
quite hit the zone now the zone for
parity is anything that even a dumb
person would know is just a joke so so
the line of parity is starts with
everybody can tell it's a joke all right
everybody knows that's a joke no way
that's real it's clearly just for fun so
that's the starting place for parody but
parody can sort of stretch into another
zone that's a little more dangerous and
the dangerous zone for parody is where
dumb people can't tell the difference
smart people think is hilarious because
they say uh that's obviously a joke this
couldn't be true in the real world it's
so funny that somebody made a joke
that's so close to reality that dumb
people can't tell the difference now
that's a dangerous form of a parody but
it's still parody its intended as a joke
the smart people laugh dumb people get
confused and that's part of the joke
part of the joke is that dumb people
can't tell the difference
Ian Bremer's attempt at parody and I'm
gonna call it parody some of you are
going to disagree with me but pretty
pretty firmly confident that it was
intended as parity and the problem was
that even smart people wouldn't
necessarily know that one was supposed
to be a joke
so as parody it was a complete failure
because it was too close to the original
now you should you know we could say
let's give him some credit for being so
close to the original voice that even
smart people can't tell the difference
so there was definitely some art that
went into the tweet the meaning that it
confused even smart people now I didn't
see it until they had already been taken
down and people knew it was not true so
I didn't have an opportunity to find out
if I would have been fool
by it but I think I would have been
fooled by it I think it would have
fooled me if I just saw it in the wild
I liked I'd like to think that at least
a little flag would have going up and
that the little flag would have said ah
maybe I should wait on this one I'm
gonna wait for a little confirmation on
this one I might have been smart enough
to do that but I probably would have
thought it was mostly true so what do we
what are we making this the president
has weighed in and thinks it's
outrageous and maybe the libel laws
should be changed but here's my take on
this I am familiar with Ian Bremmer
from Twitter we've exchanged some tweets
in public so I also know that his
Twitter feed is his Twitter feed is
usually at least tongue-in-cheek
a little light-hearted yes you know
serious topics as well but is it's very
common for Ian Bremmer to be using humor
and I won't you sarcasm that sort of
thing in his tweets now if you didn't
know that and the first time you ever
came in contact with his material was to
see that tweet that would be out of
context because you don't you don't know
that he does humorous tweets so I
probably would have been at least
alerted because I know the context but I
think I still would have been fooled so
I would call this simply a mistake
meaning that he meant to hit the parody
zone missed it by a hair but that hair
is a big deal if you miss it you're
really missed it so it doesn't matter
that he barely missed it he missed it so
he took it down which was the
responsible thing to do he is
acknowledged that it was not real he has
not as far as I know has not apologized
do we require an apology mm-hmm
I don't know it was a mistake now he's
so he has said that it's a it's it's a
comment on the news that anybody would
believe it it's sort of a comment on our
current situation and I actually or
somebody says he did issue an apology I
haven't seen the apology then somebody
else in the comments was saying he
doubled down let's just say it doesn't
matter he did say it wasn't real he took
it down he said it was a comment about
the world which I accept I think it was
a comment about the state of how people
will believe just about anything oh so
just about 10 minutes ago he issued an
apology look let me be current and let's
just search for him and let's see if he
tweeted it so Ian Bremmer says this is
one hour to go he says my tweet
yesterday about Trump preferring Kim
jong-un to Biden as president was meant
in jest okay so that's that's what I
told you before before he said it
clearly this should have been obvious
the president correctly quoted me as
saying it was a completely ludicrous
statement I should have been clear my
apologies apology accepted
apology accepted he did his apology
within the 48-hour window he clearly
said what he got wrong and in this case
it's implied what he would do in the
future
it's a good apology should be sincere
you should acknowledge what you did
wrong what how it hurt people
essentially and then you should say what
you're gonna do later to make it better
now in this case the what you're gonna
do later is just you know not do this so
he doesn't really need to state that
that would be optional in this case I
would say apology completely accept it
not that not that he needed to apologize
to me necessarily so he just said my
apologies
took responsibility told us what he
should have been told us what the
mistake was BAM done right we should be
done with this so remember my standard
my standard at which I recommend to all
of you is that if we judge people by
mistakes we end up hating everybody
because we all make mistakes
and people don't make mistakes like this
intentionally clearly he wasn't thinking
I'm gonna fool the world into thinking
this is real I'll get away with this cuz
obviously it's not something you could
get away with it's you know there's too
much visibility on the president so so
it was clearly a mistake and it was not
one day he made consciously so you can't
judge him by something he wasn't even
aware of he was doing but you can judge
him and I would recommend that you
always take the standard you could judge
him by how he responds to his mistake he
fairly quickly took the tweet down he
clarified he apologized 100% acceptable
Ian if you're watching this thank you
and it was actually a good lesson on
fake news but let's take a sip before I
go to the whiteboard ready sip so I want
to give you a quick lesson on
identifying faint news here's one of the
most important lessons you will ever
have in your life so here's the big
picture let's start with this on this
miss dimension that we have stimulation
just to how interesting something is and
how compelling it is and then we have
time on this dimension so here's you
your normal interest and stimulation in
events will go up and down on your board
you hear your board hear you're
interested here you're really interested
in here your board a little bit now you
get interested so your normal life is
to injure him to interest the real news
is mostly below your boredom line
meaning that if the news is simply gave
you information about what's happening
every day you really probably wouldn't
be interested at all because your life
is kind of interesting the news if it
doesn't affect you personally and that's
most of the news not that interesting
so you couldn't have much of a of a
business model of the news when it's
more boring than anything you're doing
during the day why would you tune into
that now every now and then the real
news is so interesting that you really
do have to tune in there's a disaster a
terrorist attack or hurricane so
sometimes the real news is more
interesting than whatever you were doing
on your own but it doesn't happen often
sort of a twenty to one situation twenty
twenty times it'll be boring and one
time it'll be interesting but fake news
has a completely different graph fake
news is pretty much permanently more
interesting than your life so the fake
news you can't look away it's like what
are you kidding me that happened now
every once in a while the fake news will
be maybe you know less interesting than
whatever you're doing but it's not often
so here's the first rule for identifying
fake news all right you ready now I want
to tell you this is not a hundred
percent rule as in every time this is
true it's fake news doesn't work that
way but it's a really really strong
indicator and it's probably a ten to one
or twenty to one indicator meaning that
if you treated it as if it were true
you'd be right ten times and wrong maybe
once and you would know which that once
was necessarily but if you see a news
story that is so provocative then is
more interesting than your normal life
and you can't look away there's probably
a ten to
chances not true now when you saw the
Ian Bremmer fake quote that was meant in
jest as he explained but before you knew
it was meant ingest because it was
poorly executed it looked like maybe it
wasn't what did you think about that did
you say to yourself oh my god did the
President of the United States just say
that a brutal dictator Kim Jong Il would
be a better smarter president than Joe
Biden did that seem like something that
could be real well unfortunately that
was the problem the problem was it felt
sort of real it felt completely within
the realm of things that are real that
was the problems that's why that one was
hard to tell but generally if you see
something that's extraordinary it's not
true all right so the first your first
reaction to an extraordinary story
should be okay it's extraordinary
therefore there's a ten-to-one chance
it didn't happen okay so that's the
first rule if it's extraordinary there's
a ten-to-one chance it's not real and
that you'll later find out it wasn't
here are some more tips on spots of the
fake news yes I do have a whiteboard
with two sides MVB anything made from my
two-sided whiteboard that I made myself
quite prominent here's the more ways to
tell things that are credible and in
this case I don't mean true
I mean credible meaning that it has the
quality that it's believable even if
it's not true because sometimes you can
be wrong but things that are credible
are disasters if you hear that there's a
disaster that's actually happening or
happened probably true names and places
usually true not every time but usually
you know who was involved and usually
you know where they were
so that kind of news you can usually
depend on that's usually true all right
here's the here's the key one I put it
in a different color reported by both
sides if your news is only reported by
let's say anti-trump media let's say
it's reported as true on MSNBC and
reported true on CNN and reported true
in the New York Times but it's either
not reported at all or reported as false
on fox news and Breitbart is it true or
is it false the answer is almost every
time it's false and it works in the
reverse if it's reported as true on Fox
News or Breitbart but it's not reported
as true on CNN and MSNBC probably not
true so I would look for the four point
check I would say if these four
organizations and these are just sort of
proxies for you know right-leaning your
left-leaning but if these four all
reported the same Breitbart Fox News
MSNBC and CNN if they all report it the
same almost certainly true this could
still be wrong but almost certainly true
if only one of those two sides reports
it as true and the other one says it
isn't probably not true it doesn't
matter which side it is this reporting
it is true which side says it's not true
here's some other indications of fake
news predictions are pretty much always
fake news because people can't predict
some of the biggest things in the world
news wise are based on predictions
climate change is based on predictions
now it might be true that and probably
is true that the science is roughly
right and that co2 is being added by
humans and it has some impact on heat
and we should care about that and make
sure we're checking that out the
predictions though
of you know in this year the the oceans
will swallow us all up or whatever the
predictions are those are far more
likely to be fake news because we can't
really predict that well so the current
reality might be true might be false but
more likely to be true if it's the
current reality if it's a prediction we
don't believe it at all predictions are
terrible very unlikely to be true
mind-reading
you see continuous mind-reading
especially on CNN and the anti-trump of
press the reason you see so much of it
is that the real world is not serving up
enough bad news about this president the
real world is giving him a good economy
and success and defense and trade wars
or at least going in a direction we
think could be productive so the real
world is just not serving up enough bad
news
so the anti-trump press starts finding
bad news through mind-reading and they
will say such things as he as Nancy
Pelosi got under his skin we don't know
that we don't know his internal mental
state because he didn't act like that on
the outside how would you know that on
the inside he's in some kind of turmoil
you don't know that and it's unlikely
that given all the things that this
president deals with consider that the
size of the scandals the size of the
risk the size of the rewards the size of
the issues that the president deals with
do you think that Nancy Pelosi is little
comments got under his skin
it probably is the least important thing
that happened to him all year so
whenever you see somebody saying that
they know what somebody's mental state
is or what they're planning or what they
really thought the first thing you
should say to yourself is I don't know
probably fake news not every time
because we are humans and we have to
make assumptions about what other people
are thinking and feeling in order to
work you know and operate in the real
world and sometimes we're right on the
obvious stuff but when it comes to the
news mm-hmm
mind reading is failures the way people
frame things is not the news because you
can take the same set of facts and frame
them positive or frame them negative
do not be fooled that the way people are
presenting the facts is truth because
people present things to tell a story
even a photographer who is just taking a
picture this is the Peter Duke theory
they even a photographer is not just
taking a picture and pictures don't lie
never that never happens the
photographer is deciding which picture
to show you which picture to take had
opposed it what angle was story to tell
so even a photograph is a narrative even
a photograph is framing something a
certain way so framing is not news
that's somebody's opinion and they're
trying to manipulate you with their
framing quotes quotes I wouldn't believe
unless you actually hear them if you
hear it on video it's probably true but
we're actually entering a phase in which
even that is not reliable because now we
see that we can create these so-called
deep fakes where you can put words into
somebody's mouth that they never spoke
and it's gonna look really real so you
can't even trust quotes anymore even if
you've seen the video I would say at the
moment probably 99% of what you see on
the video as a quote is true but it
might be taken out of context because I
don't have to go too deep into your
memory banks to tell you that there are
plenty of times when part of a quote was
was accurately given but if you leave
out the second part of the quote or you
leave out the context it can be an
accurate statement that somebody used
these words and still completely fake
news because all you did is you you left
out a part you left out of context you
left out what somebody said just before
the answer so even direct quotes should
be regarded
as probably fake news if those direct
quotes are about politics about science
Sciences are probably the most reliable
way to get to truth why do I have
science on the fake news category well
the problem with science is that by the
time you hear about it is filtered
through Liars so the people who write
stories about science and that's how you
hear it for the most part you know you
hear the news talking about science you
don't hear the science you hear people
reporting on what scientists said now if
you talk to the scientists who read what
the news says about their own story
those scientists more often than not
will say well they didn't quite get the
story right it's it's missing a key
thing that I think you should know that
would be the most normal situation is
that even the scientists would say it's
fake news even if the news is about this
scientists science because the news
reporters will get it wrong they'll miss
key things they lose some context
they'll oversell it that sort of thing
so even the science you have to assume
is going to be filtered through liars
and you oft also have to assume that
there are a lot of I think something
like half of all peer-reviewed science
turns out to be not reproducible so half
the time a report about a new study is
telling you something that's not true
about half the time if not more it might
be more and especially if the story is
so so amazingly fascinating that it's
beyond what you would expect that
fascinating element should be a tell
that it might not be true it's a little
too interesting if something's a little
too interesting a little too provocative
a little too outside of what you
expected it's probably not true might be
it could be but probably not all right
anonymous sources you should know by now
that anonymous source means it didn't
happen
far more likely than it did happen when
you hear an anonymous source that says
that somebody did something horrible
behind closed doors you should
automatically think it's not true
automatically the first thought you
should have is that didn't happen
your first thought should not be well it
probably happened it's in the New York
Times so probably happened that should
not be your first thought your first
thought should be anonymous source those
are never true well sometimes they could
be true like it's possible but probably
not laundry list persuasion when you see
the laundry list to come out there's a
high likelihood that there's that is all
fake news so there are some things in
which you could say this list of things
about whatever the topic is are all true
so that it could be true but more often
than not you see the laundry list when
there's no no substance to the claim for
example there's a laundry list of what
the president has done that some people
say is collusion with Russia and some
people say is obstruction it's a long
list of things but the the quality of
that list is that there's nothing on it
that individually has much weight so if
you see a laundry list of reasons why
something is good or bad you should say
to yourself what's the strongest thing
on the list this is a good discipline
ignore the size of the list because
that's that's probably fake news so that
the number of things on the list should
tell you it's less credible not more so
the more things on the list the less
credible it is keep that in mind not the
more credible the less credible because
if you have one good reason you just
focus on the one good reason if you if
somebody says I have one fact one good
reason one good argument it's so strong
here it is well that could very likely
be a good argument if somebody says I
have a laundry list and there's nothing
on this list that individually would be
persuasive
it's probably confirmation bias that
they just collected in the list this
last one is really troubling video we
used to think that if you saw the video
same as the story with the picture that
a video would be even be more true than
a picture because you could tell
yourself well a still picture you know I
get how that can be photoshopped
so you have less belief in a still
picture and you've also had the
experience if you take your own picture
you take a selfie you can take 20
pictures of yourself a nineteen of them
you look like a you know an ugly idiot
and then there's just that one selfie
that you look pretty good and you think
well it's 120 so pictures can really lie
to you
hard we think video is more reliable
because it's just a little harder to
fake but the days of making the days of
it being hard to fake here let's get rid
of this troll whoa anybody who says
apologist just so you know why you're
being blocked now apologist is not a
reason or an argument it is not a fact
an apologist is somebody who's doing
mind reading of me so if you just listen
to this a commenter said that I'm an
apologist and that's mind reading
because you don't know my inner mental
state you can't know that
it's unknowable if you imagine that you
can know my interior mental state
you're probably hallucinating that's not
a good indication of reality anyway
point is that video is no longer
something you can trust the video could
be out of context for example the
Covington kids situation the video was
not altered per se but it was at a
context and that that turns something
false into something that looked true
there we go yeah we'll get rid of
another one who thinks apologist is a
good word to use you don't need to be on
this all right
so and then we have the the additional
problem that video can be can be altered
and if you look at the latest situation
about the slowdown Nancy Pelosi the
video I didn't trust any reporting or
any video from any source so for example
when the New York Times said here's the
original video in the next to it you can
see the altered video and so here's
proof you can look at it yourself
here's the original here's the altered
you can see that they're very different
when I read that story I said to myself
video that's not reliable anymore
probably a year ago I would have said
okay it's the New York Times they're
showing the video side-by-side this is
as clear as it can be I mean there's
there's nothing to doubt anymore that
that the news has been proven today I
would no longer say that I would say
that the odds that the New York Times
could have I'm not saying they did this
is not an accusation but you have to be
open to the possibility that they just
showed you the wrong video or that they
changed a video on their own and showed
it or that they mistakenly got the wrong
video or that or that you only imagine
they're different I mean there are
probably 20 different ways in which that
could not be exactly what you thought it
was so here's the bottom line if you see
something that seems to you like too
amazing to be true in the news it
probably isn't true
and when I say probably I mean ten to
one as in not even close
not even close alright and you saw the
other thing so I won't go over them
again but those are your cues none of
them are a hundred percent the more of
these cues you see the more likely it's
fake and if you'd like to review this
again you can see it here on the
periscope playback or you can see it on
youtube search for
the search for the phrase real coffee
with Scott Adams it will pop up
and if you have not tried interface by
when hub my company's my company's
product which would allow you to make a
video call to an expert on a variety of
topics please try it and that's all for
now you can go to the wedding hub comm
to find out all about that and I will
talk to you later