[Music]
what we're gonna have fun
today is there anything you want to talk
[Music]
about good morning everybody and welcome
to the highlight of human civiliz iation
it's called coffee with Scott Adams I
doubt you'll have a better time today
and if you'd like to take this
experience up to levels that nobody can
even understand with their tiny H human
brains all you need is a cup or a mug or
a glass of tanker chel ofstein a c Jer
flask a vegetable of any kind fill it
with your favorite liquid I like coffee
and join me now for the unparallel
pleasure the dope mean did of the day
the thing that makes everything better
it's called the simultaneous sip it
happens now go
now if you watched the debate last night
which of course we're going to talk
about in some detail you're probably
thinking if you're a trump supporter
this is one of the most fun days you've
ever had in your life and you're
thinking to
yourself how in the world could this
live stream be better than you even
imagined it would be and it's going to
be plenty good how could it Poss
possibly be well there's a study that
says there's a this is kind of
interesting that the main ingredient in
Tylenol a
camenen uh in a test it reduces uh it
may induce risky
Behavior so apparently if you take
Tylenol they test it on kids they will
do riskier things
there's only one thing that could make
this show
better a little extra risky
Behavior shall we fire it
up oh yeah oh I'm ready
[Laughter]
now if you're reading the Dilbert reborn
strip available only on X by
subscription or in locals today's a
crossover with my other comic strip
that's daily robots read news so Dilbert
and robots read news will be a crossover
today if you're
subscriber all right you may know by now
if you saw any news coverage of the
debate it was what I call a complete
narrative
collapse in other words this entire
papered over reality that the corporate
news and the Democrats have given you
that there's nothing wrong with Joe
Biden
I don't even know what you're talking
about well that's crazy talk he's fine
especially behind closed doors he's fine
well if you watched you know that he
collapsed totally and so
totally that you could see the gears of
the machine now that's a total collapse
what I mean was you could see that your
media has been lying to you and had to
know it for a long time and that became
crushingly clear that the Democrat media
had been lying to them and that they
could see this for a long time they
could see it you could see it I could
see it of course they could see it and
they gas lit the country that he was
fine well that didn't work out but
here's the most interesting part of
it my uh my
assumption is that people like me who
were not surprised at all uh but that
maybe half of the country maybe even
three qus are lwi information voters who
don't really follow the news all that
much but they thought you know this
would be a good time to wait in
everybody's going to be watching it I
think I'll see what this whole
presidential race is for the first
time imagine that you were sort of a
mild Biden supporter but you hadn't
really been watching the
news and then you watched the a debate
and it was your first exposure to what's
really going on can you imagine what
that would do to you but imagine what
would happen if you'd been watching it
the whole time and You' been sucked into
the gaslighting that he's fine he's
totally fine what would that do to your
head it's quite a day the the everything
changed in my opinion everything changed
and I don't mean you know the narrow
question of who's going to be president
that might have changed too but I think
this just rips the whole cover off the
the whole game and it's getting
hilarious I don't know about you but the
first thing I did when the debate was
over I went right to
MSNBC and I watched that like I was
watching a comedy show and it was
screamingly funny just watching the
reactions to having their whole game
uncovered uh we'll talk about that all
right so would you like to have the
entire debate summarized
in let's see uh four words but one of
them is a
contraction here's the entire debate
summarized in four and a half words by
nval ravikant who posted on X after it
was
over who's running the
country now as a
Cartoonist uh I'm a collector of great
summarization
I I I love it when somebody can
summarize the biggest thing with the
smallest number of
words this is a
masterpiece it's really all you had to
say everything I say now is just for fun
everything you needed to know four and a
half words who's running the country
that was the big
question and by the way that's not a
joke it's pretty
obvious that we don't know it's not
obvious who is running it it's obvious
we don't know and I think everybody
would agree with that after last
night um here's another great take from
Raul Davis CEO branding expert on X one
of my favorite uh favorite accounts and
uh here's his take after the debate
quote did you hear that
sound it it was the remaining
testosterone being flushed down the
Democrat
toilet winning yields testosterone
production so that's scientifically
proven if you win a game or a contest
your testosterone goes up if you lose it
goes down uh and all the remaining
Democrat men who were were just drained
by the testosterone
[Laughter]
vampire Biden is a is a testosterone
vampire he'll suck it out of your body
uh and uh and R predicts expect tons
more gender
divide
yep yep what I saw was every man in
America abandoning him if they had a
testosterone above a medical medically
viable
level and and you could see it in some
of the uh uh what what do they call it
the when they talk to the average
voters uh there one of the uh panel I
guess there were three voters and two
men and one woman and the men said nope
I just abandoned Biden done with him and
the woman's like yeah still yeah of
course Biden so there there will be more
of a gender divide and it will be
screamingly
obvious I'll talk more about that all
right so here's my take here's how I
summarize it um a little history Trump
destroyed the bush Dynasty with his low
energy
Jeb um kill shot so he took the the
whole Bush Dynasty with energy basically
an energy play Then he won the
presidency because the media couldn't
stop giving him attention and they
blamed themselves my God he just he just
sucked all the energy out of the room
and tored himself so he won because he
managed energy
better then they tried to drain his
energy by keeping off a social media and
ignoring
him and that worked a little bit keep
him in the cage and then they tried to
arrest his
followers to drain their
energy I think it worked a little bit it
did drain some of the
energy then they lawar the piss on the
Trump to try to divert his energy if you
can't if you can't get rid of it maybe
you can divert it over to keeping
himself out of
jail but he used that to raise more
money he took their energy and he turned
it into money with
fundraising the Democrats had one big
problem because their idea of draining
his energy wasn't terrible the the
Instinct was right but they had one
problem the public would demand at least
one
debate they couldn't really say no and
my guess is that Biden himself is the
one who said I'll do it
so they let the energy monster out of
his confinement for one
night for one night we're going to let
you see Trump only one night all the
rest of the time we'll suppress him
we'll show up a clip and of order you
know out of context and we'll just talk
about him but we don't want his energy
to get through to half of the country
the half of the country sees it because
they follow news that shows it but the
other half had no access to him in his
normal
State and so the mainstream media and
the Democrats decided that they could
take one small
chance with the energy monster of all
energy monsters Trump and there for one
night but really just for about 90
minutes they would let let him out of
his
confinement and take their
chances and it took him 90 minutes to
obliterate the entire Biden
presidency and his legacy
y it's
gone he destroyed it in 90
minutes so maybe you should have kept
him in his
confinement cuz he just got
stronger and you gave him 90 minutes and
he just took out one of the strongest
people in politics just like he took out
the clintons just like just like he took
out Bush just like he took out the
entire field of 16 really qualified
Republicans to get the initial
nomination do you think they've learned
their
lesson the energy
monster is not getting
weaker he's getting
stronger and there's nothing you can
do imagine you're a big donor so yeah go
ahead and fact check them that'll
that'll help so imagine you're a big
good Biden donor and and you donated
five
million now you would only do donate $5
million if you could easily afford it
but imagine how you'd
feel if you were co-opted into giving $5
million to a
corpse that his team knew was a corpse
you would feel not just that you had
wasted your money but that you got
cheated if you gave a lot of money to
Biden and then you saw him do that
campaign you wouldn't think oh I got
unlucky no no you wouldn't you wouldn't
think oh I made a
mistake no you wouldn't you would blame
his insiders for allowing you to do it
and they are going to be pissed the
people who gave money and that the
people behind the curtain presumably
knew this was a big risk presumably I
think it's fair to say well you'd all
agree right that there's no way this
came out of no where you know the her
report yeah I we had the Wall Street
Journal had reported it there was uh
there were plenty of
hints um some people talk about the 25th
Amendment which would require both
Republicans and Democrats to say oh we
all see it now uh and it would require
comml Harris to be part of it and I
think the uh cabinet is how how it works
and that's not going to happen
because the Democrats have just handed
Republicans the gift of all gifts
they're not going to bail them out by
25th amendment and then having somebody
strong come in at the last minute
because Trump is so well known that you
could replace his competition 10 minutes
before the election starts and it' be
fine because because people have already
decided you know so if you put any warm
body in there the warm body would
probably give 50% of the vote you know
it would probably be a tie and then it's
up to you know the vagaries of the
election system
itself but I predict that it will be
impossible for the 25th Amendment to
happen number one it will be a little
bit too hard for the Democrats to go
that far and admitting what they've done
to the country because they knew what
they were doing they knew it it would be
super embarrassing because they've been
saying that uh um yeah it'd be super
embarrassing because they' had been
saying that Trump should have been 25th
amendment and there was no sign of
that so it's not going to happen
Republicans won't let it happen and
Democrats I don't think have the guts to
make it happen all right let's look at
the predictions that people made
including me and how it looked number
one uh do you recall that I said loudly
and often before Biden was elected that
he would not last one term that his
health was not sufficient
to be a functioning president for four
years now can you back me that I did say
that in public a lot of times no I'm not
the only one right so I'm not it's not
like a magical prediction or anything so
I'm not taking much credit for it
because I think it would be similar to
what you predicted but it was right uh
the only point is it was right it wasn't
magical it wasn't
hard but it was right and a lot of
people were on the other
side um many of us were were wondering
if the timing of the medications would
be a key and there is some suggestion
that maybe it was because a lot of
people observed the started week but uh
at least the Democrat said he he
finished stronger not strong but
stronger and they and uh you ask
yourself how could he start weak and
finish stronger after he'd been going a
long
time the only way I can think of is that
the meds kicked in and that they may
have mistimed the meds so many of us
thought that would be a risk of how to
time the meds and it was my best guess
is that he needed a week not just for
the you know hiding his infirmity Ed and
you the fact he couldn't handle doing a
job and preparing but I think some of it
was to adjust his med schedule so they
could adjust it a few hours each of
those days for a week until they were
giving the good stuff
closer to the debate time instead of in
the morning when he wakes up presumably
he was getting his meds in the morning
which means he'd have a like a good
several hours and then they'd put a lid
on it and he'd just disappear for the
afternoon but they had to get get his
med schedule from the morning all the
way up to late afternoon well evening
and that's a big that's a big stretch
medically that's pretty hard to do so I
think it was probably his his meds
timing and I would say on top of that he
probably messed up his sleep schedule he
probably knew he wasn't really up to the
job on some level he probably knows and
that must have been one of the worst
experiences of his
life I would imagine because he he had
to know he was dying up
there anyway
um uh my prediction that I got wrong
I'll get but maybe 25% right but I'm
going to grade it wrong is that he would
do well enough
even poorly but he would do well enough
that MSNBC would be singing his Praises
even if he obviously lost what I didn't
count on is that it would be such a
nightmare that even the people who
support him said um no that was a
disaster and they did not all of them
we'll talk about that but generally
speaking I I would say I was wrong to
imagine that it would be scored a tie no
matter how bad it was
because I did not imagine it would be
this bad honestly this exceeded my
expectations so I I got that um I got
that
wrong I did predict that the Biden
campaign would be uh increasingly
incompetent and the problem would be
that's a Dei staff now if you're new to
me Dei does not mean I'm blaming black
people or women or lgbtq
it means that if you have a supply and
demand problem and you have to Brand
yourself as the diverse people and the
pipeline of Highly qualified and
experienced people is not big enough
you're going to hire less qualified
people because you need to be diverse
more than you need to be capable right
away and then you you cross your fingers
and think well I wish I had a you know
axle Rod because he's been doing this a
long time I can't have an old white guy
again so I'm going to gu some young
people and maybe we can you know make it
work you know they'll they'll rise to
the challenge but they didn't and even
MSNBC is throwing the campaign staff
under the bus for letting any of it
happen letting him letting him pick the
wrong side of the debate stage you
they're blaming CNN but uh there is a
general sense that Biden's campaign is
incompetent and uh I'm going to say it's
fairly obvious it's a Dei problem and
again doesn't have any anything to do
with anybody's race or genes or culture
not even not even in that conversation
it's just supply and demand on paper you
could replace the I've said this before
but I like it you could replace the Dei
people with redheads and just say our
new thing is we need to get our our
number of redheads up because we don't
have enough redheads it wouldn't matter
who you're talking about if there are
not enough of them and every big
organization needs lots of them to show
their diversity hey we got enough
redheads you will have to promote
incompetent redheads to fill the demand
that's the only way to work there is no
other way that can work with human
beings
involved so it's predictable and there
it was Plain View total incompetence of
the
campaign and worse if you've been around
any kind of Dei environment you can't
fire anybody for being a bad uh employee
if they're a Dei hire because they'll go
and complain and say it was racism and
you don't need to deal with that so
Biden trapped himself in a little Dei
trap that sprung and you could see what
happened um I predicted that it was
hilarious to believe that Trump could
not control his presentation to be
non-chaotic
of course he
can we we've seen a million examples of
him changing his approach to the exact
situation what does he do when children
visited the Oval Office when he was
president he talked like he was a dad
what did he do when he was talking to
his staff that was not doing things
right according to him behind the scenes
well every report says he goes off on
him hard exactly as he should yeah
expect that from a strong leader so we
we've been watching for years I would
say decades watching this man change his
performance performance that's the right
word to match the situation so who
thought he couldn't do it this
time to to imagine that this would be
the one time he can't do it who made
that prediction no the obvious
prediction is he would do what he's been
doing for 70 years which is he'd modify
his approach to to match the situation
maybe Nobody Does that better he's sort
of a master of
that and he did um many of us predicted
that that No Interruption rule that was
supposed to work against Trump would be
the very best thing that could ever
happen to
him and I I think uh you know a number
of people noted the same thing I I think
even Michel and black said that the
debate rules favor TR
because they basically forced him to be
a non-interrupted and I have to admit
the interrupting would have been a
negative so they forced him to not do
the one thing that could have caused him
to lose the debate they forced him not
to be able to do the one thing that
might have caused him the debate being
too chaotic and be too
interrupting they took away their one
chance of
winning nothing nothing could have been
better for Biden than to have said I
couldn't get a word in edge wise he kept
interrupting that would have been his
perfect result given that he wasn't up
to the
challenge
um all right and then so let's talk
about uh we'll talk about the media
reaction which is hilarious l in a
minute but let me talk about the good
and bad points in the
debate um if you looked at who won it as
a debate and you just say it's a debate
it's a contest in front of people who
won
well Trump won more than I've ever seen
anybody win anything it it's very
unusual that both sides say the same
person one and won by a lot I've never
seen that so that was amazing so if you
judge uh Trump on whether he's you know
had a winning strategy winning energy
winning confidence winning
presentation killed it killed it
absolutely
it
um and then when Trump when uh when uh
Biden did his first big Mumble where he
went into the and you don't know exactly
what he's saying and then they went to
Trump and Trump's first comment was I
don't know what he said at the end of
that sentence I don't think he knows
either and then he just went on that was
good that that was that was slipping the
shiven because then you were tuned to
the fact that he was going to be
somewhat rambling and stuff any
Wass um the other great thing the thing
that really got me was when Trump said
that Biden has never fired
anybody I wish he'd gone just the next
step which is that hiring people is the
easy part firing is the real
skill and nobody's going to argue that
Trump doesn't fire at least more than
Biden and nobody is going to say that
Biden staff is doing a great job and he
hasn't fired them that is a really
really strong point that I think he came
with a I think he got an A minus on that
but oh that was so close to an A+ the
slight twist would turn that into an
A+ all he has to do is say the one frame
hiring is easy firing is the hard part
of leadership by the way that's from
nval also
it's one of naval's observation that uh
firing is the hard part all right then
of course the we're all waiting for the
fine people hoax to come up and sure
enough Biden promoted the fine people
hoax a week after it had been debunked
in public and Snopes had debunked it and
he went with it
anyway and then Trump said it had been
debunked recently it's the most debunked
thing and then he went
on uh I'm going to give Trump
a D+ D isn't dog D+ for handling that
that was a layup that was a layup and he
missed it here here here would have been
the three-point
play you know there's a factchecking
site called
Snopes and uh recently in the last few
months they they fact checked that as
false now that's a fact checking site
that is a very well known to be Democrat
leaning and if even the Democrat leaning
fact checking site has debunked it this
is the biggest uh lie in American
history it divided the country and it
drove political thinking for years and
it was never true the media knew it was
true and they showed you an an of
context uh edited piece and most of you
believed it because the way they
presented it made it look like it was
true you have to understand that Joe
Biden told the biggest most destructive
lie in American politics I do expect
there'll be some factchecking and
they'll say I got some wrong they'll say
he got some wrong but there has never
been a lie at this level nothing like
this has ever happened to the country
it's the worst lie in the country and
Joe Biden did it and the media supported
it but now finally I'm glad the truth
has come out right that's what an A+
would look like um Trump basically let
it lay there like a turd and then Dale
Daniel Dale the CNN fact Checker fact
checked the fact
Checker and said Snopes got it wrong and
that the fine people hoax was
real that's CNN's paid professional fact
Checker decided to go with the LIE which
I'm I'm going to give him credit and say
that he's lying
because I think it would be more of an
insult to say he's that stupid he
couldn't possibly be that stupid he's
looked into it he knows it was a lie he
knows it and he decided to go with a lie
so Daniel Dale you're the biggest
 piece of of the night you
had a chance to do something good for
the country and you decided to be a
traitorous piece of I could
not hate you more you piece of
 what you just did to the country
by supporting that lie the biggest lie
in American politics in my opinion worst
one ever and you piece of
you decided to back that you should be
ashamed of yourself that that that might
be one of the worst things you'll ever
do in your whole stupid life let
me be clear about that meanwhile the uh
X accounts went crazy uh because they
all knew the truth you know turly Etc
we're mentioning that this has been a
well debunked hoax
and I don't think it penetrated the
bubble on the other side so I'm going to
give Trump well really I don't know D+
might be generous might be a failing
grade on that one uh then there was the
suckers and losers
hoax um where Trump did the correct
setup which is who would say that now
that's a good approach the the good
approach since you can't debunk it as
factual since it was just some something
somebody claimed there's no document
there's no way you can actually debunk
it you should say why would you believe
that you actually believe I was standing
next to generals and I insulted
servicemen as suckers you should know
that that's not true just by listening
to it have you ever been watching me for
the last 70 you know whatever years of
my life have I ever said anything that
would be in that category of course not
I made fun of John McCain once but that
was just about John McCain I just made a
joke about him maybe I wouldn't mention
that so I think he got a you know B
minus on that one uh but but then again
then Biden got a little shiv in by
saying oh so then you fired them after
they said that and Trump tried to fix
that later and say no I fired them
because they were incompetent and that's
one of the reasons
so uh let's see what
else um I if I were Trump I would have
tried to frame all of Biden's lies and
give them some kind of a brand because
he's like the juicy mle candidate where
literally everything he does is a hoax
if you just say he tells a lot of hoaxes
you're not there you need to brand it
you need you need to say he's the juicy
smle uh of candidates and that it's
really all hoaxes so if you brand it as
all
hoaxes then you make people ask well is
it all hoaxes and you make them talk
about whether or not it's all hoaxes and
that's a win because it's all hoaxes the
main things are mostly
hoaxes um let's
see uh January 6 of course came up I
would give uh uh Trump a C+ on handling
of that
um he said all the things you say you
know I said go peacefully Etc he didn't
say the most persuasive thing which is
how did you imagine they were going to
take over the country or what did you
think I was thinking Joe Biden with your
rotting little brain did you imagine
that we were going to trespass our way
into controlling the nuclear Arsenal was
it the moving of the Lecter that made
you think that the Republic was going to
crumble was
it you know that that's the way to go he
should have done what he did with the
suckers and losers hoax he should have
said why would you believe this have you
met a republican show me a republican
who thinks he's going to an Insurrection
and leaves his gun
home that I will I will ad he would have
had to admit that there were some bad
characters there are there as there are
in every group as there are in every
group and by the way black lives matter
protests were also violent but most
people
weren't which would have been fun to say
most of the BLM people were there
sincerely there was just too much
violence same with January 6 most people
were there sincerely to try to protect
the Republic that they thought they had
just lost but they were sincere there
were some bad actors but let's not focus
on that the legal system does what it
does for those now there was an A+
answer he didn't find it and I I I was
very disappointed in
that then there was the election
fraud um which he didn't spend much time
on it I guess he's got some kind of big
event coming up he better deliver but he
did claim it was
fraudulent um that didn't help him that
didn't help him he would he would have
been better to say you know what we're
going to keep looking into any claims
but it's time to look look forward
because we've got an election to
win there there was a way he could have
been a lot better so that wasn't A+ uh
when he was asked if he would accept the
election no matter what the
outcome I give him a
d on that
answer um he said that if it's a good
election
yes here's the A+ answer let me let me
understand your question if uh Joe Biden
got 99% of the votes and nothing changed
between now and then do you think I
should accept that
election that's the A+ the A+ is you
turn it back to the people who asked and
of course they don't answer those
questions because they're they're debate
hosts they're not there to answer
questions so I don't know what they
would do but that's the right question
are are you asking me one of those you
know do you still be your wife questions
because it seems like you're trying to
get a you're trying to get some some
kind of a quote you can use the reality
is that nobody would accept any outcome
for anything that was obviously fake now
if the election comes out looking like
it's fair according to reasonable
observers I'm a reasonable Observer too
and if it looks fair I'm going to accept
it the the election because possibly
because of the distortions of the
pandemic gave a result that nobody
nobody thought was fair there's probably
not a single Republican who thought that
was a non- rigged election that would be
an
exaggeration um but you could say there
were so many anomalies that good people
had real concerns about whether that was
legal now you might argue that all those
anomalies were because of changes
because of the pandemic and more voting
and that's something that we need to
understand but don't stop me from asking
questions don't stop me from trying to
find out if our system is stable and
good don't stop your president for
asking as many questions as he needs to
about The credibility of the system upon
which everything depends that's an A+
answer Trump was a
d uh then Biden went with the injecting
bleach into your arm I think even Daniel
Dale fact checked that but of course
those fact checks usually go it wasn't
bleach it was you know some other
disinfectant so it's just as bad no that
didn't happen either he was was talking
about light is a disinfectant so they
they get they get to win by saying they
fact checked it but still keep the win
of that it's a little bit true which it
isn't um on the question of fenel I
think both candidates
failed what I heard is two candidates
who don't have any idea how to do
anything about fenel now you could say
well that's a failure of the candidates
I used to think
that but it's so obvious that nobody can
solve this and that there must be forces
within the country that want it to
continue I.E are it seems to me obvious
I can't prove it but I would say it's
obvious based on the facts that the CIA
partners with the cartels allows them to
do their business in return for helping
control other countries because the
cartels in other countries are
powerful that's what I think um on the
deficit in the economy both of them told
a bunch of Lies
probably not one of them told anything
that was true about
anything now here's the thing that I ask
you um shouldn't the fact checking the
Daniel Dale fact checking by the way
afterwards he he said there were I
didn't count them but it felt like there
were about 20 lies that uh Biden told
and maybe there were 40 lies you know
twice as many I'm just guessing from
listening to it that they said that
Trump told now that might be
true might be it might be that Trump
told twice as many verifiably incorrect
things but here's the thing we've been
fooled into thinking that counting the
number of them is how you judge this it
shouldn't be if you took every lie that
Trump has ever told in his life not one
if you took them all and put them
together and you could weigh the the
weight and the power and the influence
of them the negative influence
and you compare that to the Fine people
HS all the lies he's ever told don't
come up to that standard of that one lie
because that one lie changed the country
he never told one that that changed the
country and I will argue that Trump's
supporters have learned to understand
his hyperbole now you could call it lies
you could call it not passing the
factchecking you could call it BS you
could call it sales but we
understand it when Trump says I lower
taxes more than anybody in the history
of the world what do you hear well the
fact jaer hears well that's a lie there
was this one time somebody did a more
that's not what I hear I hear I'm more
likely to lower taxes than the other guy
I hear I'm less likely to support
raising taxes than the other guy what do
you hear that's what I hear I don't
listen to his specific claim because I I
figure those are all exaggerated when he
says you know I did X for the deficit
and uh you know he did more to make the
deficit worse what do you hear I don't
really hear that that's true because one
had a pandemic spending that's pretty
big deficit and the other didn't now he
should have said here here's what Trump
also should have said and I give him a I
guess a d on handling
this
um he should have said
well I'll get back to
that so other things uh let me build
back to that I want to hit it from a
different angle
um oh yeah let me do it now
so what Trump should have said is that
Biden's claims about his comparison of
his economy to mine are all based on one
obvious lie the lie that you can compare
a pandemic year or going into a pandemic
with coming out what what you if you had
switched presidents it would be the same
Biden would have been the one who put a
trillion in Trump would have put the one
four trillion in neither of them are
good nobody's got anything to brag about
but if you're Trump and you don't frame
it first if you listen to all of his
claims they're all based on picking the
wrong starting point or the wrong
comparison you can't really compare a
recovering economy to a current pandemic
economy all of you know that everybody
listening tonight knows that wouldn't be
a valid
comparison but he's doing it why is he
doing that he's doing it to lie to you
because lying is what he has if he had
true things he could tell you that
didn't require him to compare it to the
pandemic which is ridiculous if he
didn't need to do that he wouldn't do it
if he had actual accomplishments he
would say those and you know it you know
he'd tell you if he did something good
but he can't he has to make a fake
comparison that every one of you sees
right through now that's closer to an
a all right uh then it went off the
rails I think when uh Trump at the end
started talking about his golf prowess
compared to Biden Biden told some lies
about his professional golfing life and
their Biden lies I I treat I treat uh
Trump's lies in many ways like I treat
Biden's personal life
lies so I I just got used to the fact
that Biden will tell stories that we all
know are not true about his life I was
the highest in my law school and uh you
know I once won the Olympics and they're
just crazy stuff but I also think well
it's kind of harmless he's just harmless
old school you know tail teller and I
don't I just take it
directionally he he's directionally
telling you that he's tough or that he's
done something or that he's smart or you
know directionally but I do the same
thing with Trump just just sort of a
directional vibe that I don't mind at
all all right um when you looked at the
list of Daniel Dale's lies for both of
them and he did them very quickly I
didn't have time to sort of register
them all because he ran through the list
so quickly which was fun by the way
listening to him list the lies for both
candidates was really kind of fun
because there were just so many of
them but uh it did seem to me that he
left out some of the Biden lies like the
fine people Oaks for example that he
just decided to lie about the lie and
that he added some things to the Trump
lies that I wouldn't have called lies so
if you took out if you added to the
Biden ones the ones that I I believe
Daniel Dale got wrong or should have
been added and then you subtract a few
that not all of them but just a few that
you know were on the Trump side that
that 20 compared to 40 kind of quickly
gets to 25 compared to
30 not that different if you actually
were objectively scoring it but like I
say um they're not all
equal one of them is an OP to say that
the other one is an insurrectionist and
should be in jail that's not equal to um
I lower your
taxes these are not the same and to
imagine they are is a real good trick uh
one of the things that Biden said was
that the border patrol Union is
endorsing him the border patrol Union
posted on X immediately no that has
never happened and
no so the border patrol itself fact
checked him in real time while he was
going that's good
stuff oh yeah I'm seeing in the comments
that bill tomorrow show is
tonight oh my God all
right um there is a fact check biden.com
site started by the uh Republicans and I
would recommend that you bookmark it
because you might need to refer to it
now I don't think it's done as well as
it could be because I think it needs to
start with the hoaxes right at the top
and then link off to you know the
debunks of the hoaxes the other stuff is
just normal lies and when the normal
lies are a mile long you're just sort of
not going to look at them but if you had
like a little headline it says the top
five hoax lies and then you debunk them
you you'd probably look at the top five
and then you'd have something to refer
to so the name of that site again is
it's all one word fact check
biden.com
all right um so let's talk about the
reaction of the news media which is the
funny part so as I said the narrative
dissolved and all the people have been
lying to you for a few years
now uh had to deal with the fact that
everybody found out they' been
lying and they had to deal with that now
normally you'd expect cognitive
dissonance cognitive dissonance is when
your image of yourself or what you know
becomes totally falsified by direct
observation in other words reality is
not matching what was in your head and
then that normally triggers you to
hallucinate but that didn't
happen I was fully expecting the media
to be something closer to
Crazy nope the opposite
happened Biden was so outrageously
bad that they couldn't even hold an
illusion in their head they couldn't
even hold an illusion that maybe it was
closer that he won so it actually was
such a bad performance it broke
Illusions now that might not mean a lot
to you but as a hypnotist that's
gigantic that is so unexpected that you
could get past the cognitive
dissonance you know it's like a brick
wall it it it's really really hard to uh
violate somebody's you know
understanding of reality so much much
that they don't
hallucinate I'm not even sure I've ever
seen another example of it it's so rare
but that happened anyway so what did
they say they did of course have to
offer some excuses but uh they didn't
they put the uh the blame on the
campaign some on Joe Biden but mostly on
the campaign here's what they did not
blame as much as they should I think I
think a few of them did
but they didn't blame
themselves they act like the campaign
gets to decide if that debate happened
it wasn't the campaign that was the
media the media supported Joe despite
knowing he couldn't handle it they they
had to know uh and they got all the way
to this point because as long as the
media kept saying he's great he's great
don't worry about it the public was
thinking well the media keeps telling me
not to worry about it I guess I won't
worry about it
and they were so far from reality which
is you should have really worried about
this that when it
happened they they somehow they couldn't
take the blame now I don't think that's
cognitive dissonance that's just
covering their ass it's just normal
stuff but it's it's kind of gutsy it's
kind of gutsy to imagine that it wasn't
you know Morning Joe and MSNBC that
caused this situation they 100% are the
cuse everything else is subsidiary to
the news because the News tells you
what's true and then you operate within
that world the campaign was operating
within the world that the news created
the news was not operating in the world
that the campaign created nothing works
that way so to imagine that the campaign
is the problem when they were operating
within a world that was entirely created
by the by the fake media and the fake
media didn't give them an escape path
there was no Escape path they set him up
the campaign had no chance no chance now
I think the campaigners also were
competent but they didn't have any
Escape
path Good Work Media CNN poll said 33%
said Biden won the
debate
33% said Biden won that debate even
while the biggest supporters of Biden on
all the major networks said oh he
totally lost that debate like he lost
that hard and still 33% of the public
said yeah I think he won looked good to
me so I might have to raise my number I
used to say 25% of the public gets every
question wrong it's a different 25% for
each question but you can rely on
25% getting anything
wrong so I might have to raise that to
33% if they're
I feel like we're getting
Dumber all right so uh I immediately as
I said turned to MSNBC to watch the uh
the show and Rachel mow madow was up
first and she had not yet checked in
with all of her colleagues who had
decided by that time that it was a total
disaster and there was no way they could
sell this as any kind of a close debate
but Rachel didn't know that yet so she
started out before she had you know the
other people weighing
in trying to make it sound like it was a
little bit closer to a
tie she got talked out of it pretty
heavily by her Co her co-workers and
co-hosts um but here here are some other
uh
comments oh there's a user on X who goes
by Litecoin underscore bow who had a
observation that is so good I'm angry
because the the folks on MSNBC and even
CNN were talking about possible
replacements for Biden you know that
conversation is Raging now and one of
them is of course Gavin Nome governor of
California but as Litecoin forb points
out
Nome sounds like
noose
M like putting a
noose on
him and if you're a white guy in the
Democrat party it's going to be hard
enough to be taken seriously but if
you're a white guy whose
name evokes
lynching you don't have a
chance why did it take me so long to
know that his name sounds like
noose the the worst thing it could
possibly sound like if you're running
for a Democrat office why did that take
so long I'm so I'm so mad at myself
anyway even van Jones said that Biden
did not meet the test of restoring
confidence the uh his supporters were
working hard to set the bar low that Joe
just had to show they had enough energy
to complete the job they said he just
has to show that he is you know vital
enough and he can do it and he did not
and everyone agrees he did not cross the
very low bar
so very few people are are trying to say
that he won I don't think anybody really
anybody in the professional
World um I did notice that at first the
MSNBC men were trying to resuscitate Joe
you know coming up with some some reason
why well he didn't lie as much and the
the the funniest rationalization I heard
was
that uh he had a bad night
he had that one bad
night so maybe he could rehabilitate
himself by having good days and then
people will forget the one bad day
because I mean really as they explain to
me anybody can have one bad
day I call this the OJ Simpson
defense OJ only had one bad day if you
think about it just one bad
day same with Biden I just won he had
this long career he just had one bad day
can you judge somebody for one bad
day now here's why this is
hilarious these are smart well-informed
people if I'm looking for a
president here's who I don't want
somebody who can even have one day that
looked like that if it was possible for
Biden to have that one day even just
possible for him to
it that's pretty
disqualifying especially since as Greg
Gutfeld pointed out on X that uh it
makes the it puts the her report into a
new frame doesn't it remember before you
thought well you know it'd be nice to
hear what the her report says that was
the special prosecutor or whatever he's
called that uh decided that they
wouldn't prosecute uh Biden because he
came across as a confused elderly man
and and the jury would be sympathetic
and so the Republicans said we've got to
hear that you know the transcript might
be hiding how bad it was we got to hear
the video or the audio and uh that was
not
allowed
so puts that in a new light doesn't
it so it goes from you know just a
little bit of a you know one of these
technical things that you're following
with half a brain it takes it all the
way back to something terrible means
that they knew and they were covering it
up the Democrats were
willing to put whatever Biden is now
into office knowing it knowing
it whoa we have a decision on January 6
Ryder's
case we have a
decision can anybody confirm that
there's a decision about the
uh January 6 all right we're waiting for
um the Supreme Court ruling is in
they're overturn
54 favors
Trump Supreme Court just favored Trump
and what was this
decision remind me what the decision
was
um give me the update on
this uh it overturns the January 6
convictions holy
seriously it's the immunity
one holy
cow
wow well Trump
having a nice third
act this might be the third
act this might be
it wow all right we'll have to catch up
with this uh after the show let me let
me talk more about uh the
debate um so somebody who's good at
things on the Democrat side decided that
the response to having a bad debate
would they be that Biden would say it's
hard to debate a liar now if I'm going
to evaluate that as technique is really
good it's a nice reframe for the
Democrats I I can't it's hard to debate
a liar I mean doesn't explain way his
performance but it's the best you can do
so somebody professional came up with
it's hard to debate a liar that's good
work p persuasion
wise anyway uh Jill his wife uh totally
humiliated himself humiliated Biden
after the debate so he's meeting with
his supporters Biden is immediately
after the debate and Jill Biden gives a
rousing but awkward introduction and
then she turns to her husband and she
says you did great Joe you answered all
the
questions
really you did great you answered all
the questions that sounds exactly like
you ate all your
Cheerios that's how you talk to a
child she talked to him like a child
right in front of the world
I was I was just flabbergasted did you
really say good job you answered all the
questions oh my God my God that's
terrible all
right
um so Eugene
Robinson said it was a really really bad
and significantly bad night because it
reinforced Biden's biggest
weakness um and he said uh he doesn't
have a problem being president he just
has a problem running for president so
really you know if you look at how he
performs it's been great but you know
what they never
say Joe today is not the Joe that got
elected if if they say he did great for
the first year I would say well okay you
know if you got things you wanted and
there are things Democrats did want and
some legislation got passed I would
say yeah that that's a supportable claim
that he seems to be operating at least
getting stuff done you know maybe not at
100% capacity but things are happening
but you can't say that today you can't
watch that debate and say he's the same
person who even got elected it's
ridiculous you got a little update there
Eugene so they're saying he's better on
substance they're saying Trump benefited
by the design of the debate uh but also
Biden looked Dead when he wasn't talking
did you see the camera angles when Biden
wasn't talking he was just
listening he had one eye that would
close every once in a while and one eye
that would get wide and then when he
would tell his big lies he would go wide
eyed and he would look animated but but
when uh Trump was talking he looked like
he was going to
die like he was just going to fall over
and
die it it's just the scariest weirdest
look
anyway um Michael Ian Black who I had a
long conversation with many of you saw
recently um he fact checked the fine
people hoax during the uh during the
debate so he referenced me and he said
that um the fine people hoax is a
hoax without any
caveats no caveats it's a
hoax thank you so I responded that I
have a great respect for that because
you know when we had our conversation we
didn't you know nobody's Minds were
changed and it it looked like we had
trouble communicating but um I had been
sending him sources that I didn't think
he'd seen you know sort of dming each
other and some stuff
and what it looks like is he had access
to information that maybe he had been
denied from his new sources and when he
took them into account he says
unambiguously the fine people oax as a
hoax good
job thank you Michael Ian Black all
right um Joel poock had an interesting
observation he said to me what stands
out the morning after is the fear in
Biden's eyes he looks
scared and that and that fear may be
what is frightening the media as well
how many of you picked up on that how
many of you would say Biden looked
frightened I agree with that I didn't
see it like I could see it after Joel
said it but once you hear it you think
oh you're right he did look afid now the
thing is that when he's talking you know
he can do his Biden act but when he's
not talking he has a frightened and
Confused look on his face because he
kind of doesn't know what to do with
himself I guess so that confused look
look this is a great reframe by the way
and an accurate one I think when you say
to yourself Biden looks uh lost and
demential likee and confused you could
see his face like that but if I tell you
he's
scared you can instantly see it that way
can't
you it it's one of those Illusions where
the moment it's reframed you go oh I see
it now it's instant as soon as you say
that's not confusion that's fear and why
wouldn't he have fear he is completly
aware of his declining capabilities he's
very aware that he's the president and
he's in front of the world that had to
be the scariest most awful experience of
his life you be besides people dying of
course he did have some bad experiences
in his life I will acknowledge that but
in terms of politics that had to be the
worst moment of his life and he had to
be scared to death because he would have
known by then whether he was up to it
and probably thought he wasn't
blank stair yeah the blank the blank
stair it's all that's all dementia
looking well uh even The Daily Show uh
John Stewart uh he was had a reaction he
he could see that b lost and he said
they both need performance and dancing
drugs and if you can't give them both
performance enhancing drugs can you
please give me some recreational ones
that pretty funny now the question comes
now that we see how the debate went why
did he debate early some say they
debated early so they'd have time to
replace them I say if that's what they
were thinking it was a bad plan because
as others pointed out on
CNN um the only person who can say I'm
going to quit is Joe Biden what are the
odds of that happening low they're low
cuz today his campaign is telling him he
did a good job and all he has to do is
brush up on a few things he'll kill it
next time Joe Biden is not going to
admit
defeat to Donald Trump he's too too
invested so it doesn't matter what we
think it doesn't matter what the
Democrat fundraisers think only Biden
can leave the race and he's not going
to now if he were to uh let's say have
more of a medical problem or get 25th
amendment it which I'll talk about um
who would be his
replacement there are very few things I
can uh predict as confidently as the
following it's not going to be
Newsome everybody thought that Nome was
a
possibility it's not no the the
Democrats are way too invested in Dei as
bikari sers said on CNN this morning you
can't have the white guy skip KL Harris
and you know cuz she's already close to
the office you can't have the governor
Skipper as a white guy the the greasy
slimy white guy no there is no scenario
in which if KL Harris is still you know
considered for the office there is no
scenario which the Democrats can allow
the white guy to to skip her can't
happen it's literally not you can just
take that off the list
the only way could happen if you know
let's say kamla decided not to run or
something happened to her some new
Scandal or something we don't see coming
but in the normal course of things no
there cannot be a governor Nome as a
Democrat and I'm going to go a little
bit
further Governor Nome if you're
listening you became a republican
yesterday you don't know it yet but I'm
pretty sure you did I know you're
flexible on all the policies stuff
whatever is going to get you elected but
you just found out that your own party
can never promote you because you're a
white
man now that's not an
exaggeration Governor Nome you just
found out and maybe you suspected it
before but you know it now that you will
not be considered because of your race
and your gender you are part of making
that happen a big part you were a big
part of making that happen and now it
came back bit you in the ass
you still have time to become a
republican you could you could
recover but if you stay with a party
that won't have you in the party well
you're a
idiot and by the way I think you're a
good candid you're a good uh politician
you know good good at job good at
speaking
smart but you need to make a change
and I think you might actually find some
friends and the Republican Party the the
most surprising people the most
surprising thing that people find when
they move from Democrat to Republican is
that the Republicans are good people and
they accept you
immediately nobody sees that coming
because it doesn't work the other way if
I if I suddenly decide to act like an
actual Democrat say all right I'm out
I'm going to back this Republic I would
not be accepted not even a little bit
no but but Republicans have Simple Rules
all right are you now in favor of the
Constitution yes all right we're good
we're good you just passed all the tests
do do you obey the laws I'm going to try
all right we're good very low
bar all
right um I think that uh one of the
reasons the debate happened early is
that Biden was the only one who could
decide I think they thought that if they
could um that here's what I think I
think that the people closest to Biden
knew know he's failing fast but he still
has good moments if they could get one
good debate where they juice him just in
time for the debate and they get one
good debate out of them they can cancel
the second one right easy to cancel the
second one so they probably thought the
sooner it is the sooner they have more
chance of getting a few good hours out
of them during the day they may have
known if they waited till October
there'd be nothing left they may have
known that um but I don't think they did
it because they thought they'd have time
to change amount because I think within
the Democratic party they have to
understand that's not going to happen
because only he can decide and he's not
going
to and I think the Republicans will
probably play politics and not go along
with any kind of 25th amendment thing
because they're going to say you
you picked him you knew you were doing
it you're going to have to ride this
horse all the way to loss I am hearing
whispers that even Democrat insiders
believe that they lost the house and the
Senate and the presidency last night do
you think that do you think that Biden
cost them the house the Senate and the
presidency last
night maybe totally
possible all right uh why do men like
Trump and all of his energy um I think
it's natural if you're a man you're
drawn to strength and we saw a weak
person and a strong person and I'm going
to contradict myself a little
bit I think but I think U Trump made a
mistake talking about his golf
game but it still works for
men I I think as a man as a man watching
it I was aware there was a wrong to
bring up but I also liked it because men
do respond to winning and sports and
strength and how do you how do you swing
a golf club we actually do but it's not
going to move any
votes so here's where I'm going to agree
with my first take on it the the men
would like it but they're not going to
vote for him because he golfs well it's
just a feeling you know makes you feel a
little better that he's got some maybe
some Youth and vitality that Biden
doesn't have but I think women look at
that exact same exchange and say you
narcissistic
jerk why are you bragging about your
golf during a debate so my guess is that
it it Hur more with women than it helped
him with
men but no way to know his instincts are
you always go for the energy and the
strength and he's been right right his
his results would suggest that he's
better at anticipating these things than
I am but my take is maybe that doesn't
work with
women all right
um Mike Johnson says he's uh G to file
lawsuit to see if he can get that the
Biden her tapes that we talked about I
don't know if he'll get it but it'll be
interesting a few more
things um rason did did a poll that says
4 5% of likely us voters trust Democrats
more to handle
abortion while
43% trust Republicans
more that that's almost the statistical
tie between who's going to handle
abortion better did you see that
coming I still think Trump could have
Trump's abortion answers are a a solid b
b is and boy um but it could be an A+
just with one little tweak and the one
little tweak is when I moved it to the
states can you and I both agree that you
want me to be less involved in the
decisions about your body because that's
what I gave you you're when you ask me
if I would do a national ban or I would
do a national anything you're asking me
to be involved in your body that's the
opposite of what you want I think you
should be more involved in your body and
if the state State doesn't do what you
want they don't have the write laws I
think you should get involved and you
should vote the way that you think you
need to vote but can we both
agree that you don't want me making
decisions about your body I'm not your
doctor because I think that would be
just a killer killer argument so people
think that he's he has control over
their bodies when everything he's done
is the opposite when they asked him if
he was okay with the abortion pill he
said yes which is another way to say I'm
not going to get involved because yes is
the current
situation so he's not going to change it
so every time he says I'm not going to
get involved whether it's just agreeing
with something or saying that he already
moved into the states that's really
strong you want your fate of your body
as far away from me and every other
president as you can and as close as you
can get it to you and the people who are
close to you and care about you the most
that's what I did for
you all right uh the house Judiciary
Committee was going to hold the Biden
ghost riter guy in contempt to Congress
for not giving him his information I
guess we'll see if that returns
anything and
uh well I was going to tell you that
Julie Kelly thought that the Supreme
Court was waiting on the um decisions
until after the
debate well what do you think do you
think the Supreme Court was being
political and they released their most
important decision till after the debate
I think so but you know what I'm going
to back him I do think if they had armed
Trump with a decision right before he
walked on stage he would have used it to
you know beat Biden to death with a
decision because it was a big one you
it's if it's the one about January 6
it's a big
one but the but the Supreme Court has
sort of a standard
which they don't want to be the ones
controlling the outcome they want to
make sure that they're just doing their
work and not doing the work of
politicians so I'm going to say if they
intentionally held that back for
political
purposes I'm going to back him on
that because I think I think that the
situation was too hot going into the
debate now it's just news so so it takes
the heat off it it's still hot
but imagine if it had been the biggest
news in the debate now we can simply
look at it with a little bit more
objectivity now you might say to
yourself Scott just gave G gave birth to
a rhino now you may say to
yourself but Scott they should just do
the things in the schedule they're going
to do them and they should be oblivious
to how it will change politics I don't
think so I don't think so I think their
instinct to have the smallest imprint on
politics is what I respect most about
the court and if you lose that I think
you're given up a lot so if they held it
off and they maybe they'll even tell you
maybe they'll say it was a little too
hot to I didn't want it to affect the
debate but we do want everybody to know
of course I know you can disagree with
that and I won't argue with you there's
evidence that Google was rigging the uh
the Trump website results if you go to
look for the Trump website if you wanted
to it's hard to find Biden comes up
right away
surprise so now we have uh two
situations which are clearly I think
pretty verifiable election rigging so if
it's true and I'm sure it is that Google
is gaming the search results that would
be rigging an election it's just pre-
ring it just rigs the votes but the
votes might be counted correctly they
just would be rigged ahead of the
election
and then you add to that the lawfare
against Trump I would say the lawfare is
really obvious election interference
that's the only reason they're doing it
so you have two cases that are both
obvious and observable everybody can see
it that we do not have a fair election
now I'm done with the argument about
whether or not is rigged because it's
it's just so obvious and R we don't have
to do any research you just have just
have to be familiar with the news if
you're familiar with the news you know
that both the left and the right leaning
legal analyst said that the lawfare case
in New York was lawfare that it was
political there's nobody who disagrees
that's now objectively true CNN says it
Fox News says it it was a
case right so you don't have to wonder
if that one was election interference
the only thing you wonder about that is
how involved the white house was but
that doesn't matter it doesn't matter if
it's somebody who donated to Biden or if
it's Biden saying to go do it it's
election interference because the
purpose of it was election interference
the purpose of it so yes we cannot claim
we have uh free and fair elections or
even close to it even if he count it
right even in the unlikely event that
you count it right it's pre-rigged
which doesn't mean that Trump can't win
by the way because uh he's going to have
a
commanding preference from the uh the
voters I think all right uh just a
little teaser here the real story at the
Washington Post Brian stelter is writing
for the Atlantic about what a uh garbage
pit The Washington Post has become I
could not enjoy it
more uh by the way I'm making fun of the
Washington poop and the Dilbert reborn
comic that you can only see by
subscription on X or on locals
and uh they're talking about how the
world's greatest businessman uh Bezos
drove his newspaper into a ditch the
world's greatest
businessman
Bezos I wonder if there's any other
American who you might put in the mix of
the world's greatest
businessman I don't know I might have
ranked him
second but all right you could call him
first um but I would like to point out
that everything Democrats touch turns to
 so the Democrats uh running the
Washington Post it went to hell the
Democrats are running CNN it went to
hell the Democrats are running MSNBC it
went to hell Biden is running uh his
campaign is run by democrats it went to
 the uh country itself run by
democrats
it's got some issues I will by the way I
will agree with Biden on one major
point if you don't count debt which is
kind of a big
problem we're kind of doing okay now I
know that prices are way too high I
don't want to minimize that um and your
dangers and you from Ukraine and all
kinds of stuff but except for that we're
a very resilient country you know you
forget that you need to step back every
now and then and uh you know as an
American pat yourself on the back we
have one hell of a resilient public
better than the you know our public is
way better than the
government way better for whatever
reason we've managed to attract a kind
of people who don't say no to
obstacles and if you're going to put
some you know tax obstacles I'll find a
way around it you're going to make it
hard for me 10 different ways I'm going
to find a way anyway so that's very
American and it helps us out of almost
every scrape that we just we just don't
quit we're just not quitters we we will
just you know bang on that wall until we
knock it down and uh so here we are with
one of the stronger economies but um I'm
still waiting for an answer whether we
can just create a crypto that's pegged
to the dollar and pay off all the debt
with a crypto that we made in nothing so
long as the people who get that
crypto uh can spend it any time they
want and still worth a dollar as long as
the United States is willing to accept
it for tariffs and taxes there'll always
be an exchange in which you can exchange
it for a dollar so I haven't heard yet
why that doesn't
work there must be a reason there must
be a reason why it doesn't work but it
might
it might and it's a once ever there will
only be one time in the in the
civilization when we can go to crypto as
a government only
once so if the only thing you did is
make some weak little crypto or replace
the dollar that's a mistake you don't
want to replace the dollar you want to
augment it but at the same time since
you're creating money at of nothing why
don't you just make all the dollars that
were in the debt paid off the same day
and if somebody gets crypto they say hey
I've got crypto what am I I can't I
don't know how to cash this crypto well
then the government creates an exchange
and they say here just cash it right
here here's your website now will that
work here here's why I'm uh here's why
I'm a little sheepish about
it I'm sheepish about it because it
seems too easy which is usually a you
know an obvious signal for something
that's a bad idea that looks a little
too easy um but I haven't heard a
counterargument and by now I should have
yeah now remember don't confuse this
with a free floating crypto you can't
use you can't use a um Bitcoin for this
uh you'd have to Peg it to the dollar so
it's always worth a dollar and the
government would have to say We'll
always accept it so these are special
cases it's not like anything that ever
has happened or could ever happen again
we might have one and only one chance to
eliminate $35 trillion of
debt
painlessly my biggest problem with that
is that the Democrats would run back the
debt to 35 trillion in 5 years so if you
didn't simultaneously get your spending
under
control which by the way would be
greatly helped by getting rid of all
interest payments now that the interest
payments are uh almost the biggest part
of the debt by the way all right all I
need a fact check on this if you
eliminated all interest debt on our
would that balance the budget or is it
so far off balance that even that
wouldn't do it even if you took away the
biggest expense our interest payments
would that balance the budget I have to
look at that for some reason I don't
know
that so the the counter is
hyperinflation so here's my counter to
the counter nobody created money there's
no money created in this idea you
replaced uh dollars with crypto and when
you were done you had the same amount of
money as
before once you pay off the debt You're
simply releasing the money that already
existed that anybody could have released
on their
own liquidity would be fine as long as
they could immediately change it for
dollars if they wanted to oh but if they
exchange it for dollars okay okay you
might have me you might have me here if
too many people exchange it for
dollars then you would have
inflation would
you or or would it it would just
immediately throw too much money into
circulation and take it out of a holding
place so maybe it would make the money
too hot that that could be the problem
it would make the money too hot there
would be the same amount
but it would be freed from you know
being locked up and then it would be
buzzing all over the place and that's
yeah that could be the problem I wonder
if you could do it fa in a phased way
suppose you say it's a 10-year plan and
we're gonna introduce this much crypto
over 10 years and then we could absorb
it all right so here's here's what I'm
going to end with at least on that topic
um I'd love to hear I'd love to hear a
smart person tell me what's wrong with
it just so I can stop thinking about it
but I feel like there's something there
even if I'm only in the neighborhood I
think think there's something
there all right ladies and
gentlemen
um that is my show for the day I'm going
to say uh say uh see you later to the uh
YouTube and x and Rumble viewers so I
can spend some time with my beloved
subscribers on locals I hope you enjoyed
the
show I feel sorry for everybody who has
to wait till the afternoon to do their
shows because I got to say all the good
stuff
first so all
right uh ladies and gentlemen thanks for
joining I'm going to go talk to locals
now you're all wonderful what a fun day
it
was
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e e