pom pom pom pom pom pom pom pom a
everybody get in here are you watching
the Sham Pietschmann interviews going on
right now they're quite exciting what
whoa wake me up it's time for a coffee
with Scott Adams where we'll be talking
about that and much more much more oh my
god so much more but first we must enjoy
the celebration it brings us all
together it's called the simultaneous
hip and all you need is a cup or
Margaret glass snifter stai Angelus
tanker thermos flask and team grail
goblet vessel of any kind fill it with
your favorite liquid and get ready for
the dopamine hit it gets everything
going it makes your whole day better go
ah so good so good alright well so if
you've been watching vind mins testimony
today here's what he said
now remember of enmund is sort of one of
the most key witnesses and he had he had
reported that the Ukrainian phone call
was quote inappropriate inappropriate
and why was it inappropriate while he
explained that thing he said that a
bipartisan or having a having any kind
of a partisan investigation by Ukraine
in other words it would look partisan if
they were looking into Trump's opponent
in the election he said that that would
put them at risk for not being supported
by Congress and if Congress doesn't
support Ukraine and Ukraine is a bulwark
against Russia that could be bad so
which part of that is impeachable
none of it none of it he he's sort of
their key witness and it just turns out
that inappropriate is a difference on
policy and a different song priority now
let me ask you this if your job is to
make sure that Ukraine policy gets done
right if your job is to make sure that
Ukraine stays a good ball work against
Russia and by the way if you were born
in Ukraine gentleman who was I believe
he was born in Ukraine so they were it
was during the Soviet Union and his
father left the Soviet Union with him
but so he's got a real he's got a real
dog in the fight here he's sort of anti
Russia so here's the thing how often in
your experience has a subordinate of
said that the boss doesn't have his
priorities right because the boss's
priorities are not the same as the
employees priorities how often does that
happen probably if any of you are at
work it's happening within ten feet of
you probably every one of you has
complained about your boss having his
priorities wrong and and the nature of
those complaints they're always along
the lines of you know I think the boss
should put more priority on my project
because if the boss puts more priority
on somebody else's project
well that's inappropriate because mine
is the good one now the thing the
Vinland well and let me say that all of
this suggests the fitment as good as his
job all right
so if it sounds like I'm throwing
venneman under the bus I'm doing exactly
the opposite the vindens a guy you want
on your staff he's fighting for his
project he's saying you know let's make
my project a priority you know I know
you got some questions about Ukraine but
let's keep my project the priority
because it's the important one good
employ
I would keep that guy uh-uh wouldn't you
I remember I'm gonna tell you a story
true story
one day in my corporate career my boss's
boss who was like vice president I guess
who needed to go to a budget meeting in
which all the different departments were
arguing about who should get to how much
budget and of course the nature of the
budget budget conversation was that you
were each fighting to get as much of the
budget as you could because it was a
limited pool you just wanted to get your
chunk so the boss's boss couldn't make
it so he sent me so he sent me to argue
on his behalf for the importance of the
budget for his department they got in
the meeting and whoever was running the
meeting said well you've asked for this
amount of money how important is this
and I'm sitting there and somebody asked
me about this big budget item that I'm
supposed to be defending and they say
how important is this compared to these
other things we're doing and I sat there
and I thought it's not it's just not
sorry I'm here to defend it but I
wouldn't you compare it to these other
things they look more important to me
how happy was my boss's boss when I left
that meeting and he learned that I had
given away his money because the thing
he was asking for was less important
objectively speaking than what the other
departments said they needed the money
for well let's just say it wasn't the
happiest day of my career so here's the
thing vindens job is to fight for the
priorities that he believes are true and
they're in there about his project and
he did i I think ven-ven's an A+
employee venden never said the president
should be impeached Vanneman never said
the president didn't do his job
never said that he basically complained
about the priorities and the policy now
the president apologist 101 that's a
that's a block word so I block people
who use that because it's it's it's just
such a low level of comment you're an
apologist you're an apologist so here's
the here's the thing so the president
thinks or thought that Ukraine's
involvement in the election 2016 and
maybe a future involvement and Biden's
connection over there were worth looking
into now that's a different priority
than Whitman's venneman was think he had
a few moves who was right who was right
was vinden right then it was a risk we
shouldn't think because they could
affect bipartisanship bipartisan support
in this country for Ukraine was he right
or was the president right that we
should put it's okay to put a little bit
of risk of that bipartisan stuff a
little bit because we need to find out
what's going on over there with the
corruption with the election with Biden
etc whose right doesn't matter
does not matter number one it already
happened so arguing about what was right
after the fact doesn't make much
difference now was vinden right because
the president asked Ukraine to look into
this I think Ukraine kind of said they
might has Ukraine lost bipartisan
support I don't think so right was
vinden right that Ukraine would lose
bipartisan support because the president
asked Ukraine to look into it now they
didn't really look into it as far as I
know and they didn't announce it but was
vinden right well he he was not right
about how it turned out because there
seems to be no difference in support but
he didn't say
it's definitely gonna go wrong he talked
about it in terms of risk so has written
been right that it introduced some risk
well I would say some I think that's
fair
and I always advise people you know
don't think in terms of you're
definitely right or you're definitely
wrong with a lot of this stuff it's all
about risk and risk management vindens
risk management said protect your
project protect your priorities protect
your job protect the country you know
even been legitimately was talking about
a priority that is important to the
country so again I'm probe indignant so
far it looks like just a guy who was
protecting his turf doing his job and
legitimately thought that Ukraine was an
important priority for the country all
good no problem with that at all but it
kind of comes down to who gets to decide
where the country puts its risk and his
priorities for international stuff and
as it turns out it's the president so it
doesn't really matter that vinden had a
different opinion about which way to
play this in terms of risk management
probably lots of people disagree with
their boss on risk management decisions
so I would say the vinden has basically
ended the conversation because if the
conversation from the main sort of the
main guy who said it was inappropriate
if the main guy says they were sort of a
policy difference a risk management
decision the president gets to make that
decision and so he did and we don't know
we don't know how it would have gone if
it'd gone the other way etc all right so
there's that now here's here's a
question I've been struggling with and
maybe some of you can fill in some
blanks I tell you in my book loser thing
which I don't have with me that you
should decide what is true in the
political realm by looking at the
reporting of both sides
so if the reporting on the left says
something's true and the reporting on
the right says something's true it's
probably true but if only one of them
says something's true it doesn't matter
which one and the other one says now
there's nothing here
probably nothing better just a good
general rule of thumb doesn't be just
right every time
but a good general rule of thumb if that
brings us to Ukraine's involvement in
2016
it seems that reporting on the right
let's say Fox News etc has concentrated
on the work of John Solomon and I'll
tell you my impressions I would watch
John Solomon giving his exclusive
reports on stuff and I always have the
same thought which is why is he the only
one getting these scoops well what's the
what's the what secret sauce does John
Solomon have that he keeps getting all
this good stuff and other people are not
and so I said to myself I'm gonna put a
little asterisk next to this and tell
myself to make sure the reporting is the
same on the other side is it it's not if
you go if you go to CNN they they report
on John Solomon's reporting as nothing
but conspiracy theories that got him
fired from the hill is that true I don't
know but that's a pretty big difference
Fox News says these are scoops and maybe
there's something there or at least they
have said that in the past and and then
apparently the hill agreed to let him go
or he moved on but apparently there's
some indication that the hill was not
happy because they moved his reporting
from reporting to opinion they started
labeling his reports on Ukraine his
opinion that was his own publication
so I'm seeing the comments just so you
know that I've seen them I'm seeing that
you're saying that there are other
people reporting stuff Sarah Carter
strand and I think you mentioned
somebody else I'm not seeing any events
so I watch I continuously watch the news
and I'm not aware of one credible
sounding thing about Ukraine why is that
why is it that I can watch the news all
day long
and I'm not personally aware of any
credible story about Ukraine doing
anything why is that well it's not being
reported on the left as even being
credible so here's a good test for you
George Webb somebody saying stossel
somebody says since Fox ever lied to you
well here's the rule if you see the
stuff reported on the by the news people
on Fox you should treat it differently
than if you see it reported on the
opinion shows right so you know is Bret
Baier reporting on the Ukraine stuff as
true or is it only being is it only on
the entity those are the questions you
must ask yourself so I'm going to give
you my tentative opinion that this is
reported as true on the opinion side of
one side it looks like now I'm open to
that being revised by the way somebody's
saying Tim Poole the blaze okay why
don't I know what those things are let
me ask you this you're all aware of some
kind of reporting which obviously some
of you believe is credible what in in
the comments tell me because I think you
haven't enough room in the comments tell
me a true fact about Ukraine that you
believes is an important fact
that's been reported by multiple sources
that somehow it matters go in the
comments tell me the fact give me any
fact about Ukraine and 2016 because I
can't even tell you what the rumor is
somebody says you're relying on MSM nope
I'm not and I'm gonna block you for that
because I just said the opposite of that
I literally sent the opposite of that I
said that I don't rely on either side I
look for when they agree to say that's
true and when they don't be I reserve
judgment all right so whoever just came
in here and said you're relying on the
mainstream know you get blocked for that
cuz that's literally the opposite of
what I just said
somebody says you've always lived in
your bubble and resisted other news
sources you get a block because I just
said the opposite of that I just said I
wrote a book telling you to do the
opposite of that so when you say I'm
living in my bubble I just asked you to
tell me what I'm missing it's the
opposite of that you create help Clinton
no detail so the linskey reported no
crime chalupa helped the DNC get money
corruption nobody has you don't want
anything via chalupa tried to get dirt
so wasn't there chalupa lied to Solomon
about something that's the story right
source for the dossier now so so look at
the comments how many of you are
convinced DNC employee Alexandre chalupa
TSA worked with Ukrainian government for
dirt on Trump
and and what found nothing conviction
for meddling I don't think any of you
know anything well I shouldn't say that
I'm only looking at your comments I
don't know what you know I could only
read the comments all right
the hundred dollar buying the stuff we
already know about that's that's not
what Trump was asking about with
CrowdStrike etc all right so can we
agree so everybody's saying it's chalupa
it's chalupa that's it so there was
there was one guy who made up some stuff
that's that's the Ukraine involvement
have you watched the Glenn Beck
whiteboard I did I watched a little bit
of it I would worry about something
that's so complicated it can't be
explained and so I but I want you to
watch what just happened so there were
many people following this who said oh
yeah there's there's a verified lots of
reporting on this Ukraine situation and
I asked you what it is just a simple
statement
what is the Ukraine thing and it was
just it was just word salad in the
comments there's not one of you who has
anything except some guy named chalupa
talked to somebody that's it somebody
named chalupa talked to somebody that's
that's the Ukraine stuff somebody says I
saw the audacity a guy going
there's no reporting on that Politico
wrote an article Ukrainian efforts to
sabotage Trump a backfire and what are
the facts nobody has a fact did somebody
actually do something all right so let
me leave it here there are enough of you
who are saying there's something there
and referring to articles there I'm
gonna guess
there's there's more to this than what I
know all right you happy are you happy
if I admit that I need to find out more
about it so you don't have to yell at me
because I've been building I need to
find out more about it but the fact that
you're all pretty sure something's there
and yet you can't you can't state it in
a simple sentence and if it's a really
really strong tell that there's nothing
there doesn't mean there's nothing there
but when you see this many people are
sure of something that they can't
explained in the sentence somebody says
you cannot reduce this to one sentence
you can't if it's true here's how you
could reduce it to one sentence somebody
blyat bribed somebody somebody planted a
story in the press somebody put some
money someplace that wasn't supposed to
go it's easy if there's something real
there it can be to explain it in one
sentence the fact that you need Glenn
Beck's whiteboard to explain it might
mean that there's something swampy there
and everybody's connected but but I
don't know if you can't if you can't if
you can't make it make the point briefly
it's probably not real that's a good
lesson too now let me say with complete
clarity I'm open to learning that
there's something really there I'm open
to that why haven't I heard it yet you
gotta ask yourself how much news do I
have to watch before I can hear anything
about her - one thing on all right
that's enough on that I know what you
want to talk about representative Eric's
wahwah if you're not familiar with the
story
Eric's wawel appeared on hardball with
Chris Matthews and there was a loud
noise that most observers said was
Eric's well well emitting shall we say
now I've listened to it and my first
reaction was that's not real that's not
really that was exactly like it and it
looks exactly like it but my first tank
was man it's not real now the official
explanation is that Chris Matthews back
in the studio dragged his his hardball
bug against across the desk and it made
a sound like that's was poorly timed
with Erics Wawa's comments and so I just
looked like it or sounded like it but I
think that's another case of hashtag
Gaslight I guess yeah I said that
gaslighting I also noted that Eric's
wawel has more experience with gas than
hunter Biden yeah I said that somebody
else said that this is a case of jumping
the shark I thought that was clever I
didn't say that one and then I also
tweeted that you know your interview on
hardball went badly when scientists have
to revise their climate models
afterwards yeah I said that I said that
so it's not the biggest story of the day
but it's the funniest so let me say
again I don't think that was an actual
an actual for national television I
think it was just a weird coincidence
that sounds like it all right there is
questions about Trump's health because
apparently he went to the some medical
facility which was unplanned and
apparently his schedule has been light
recently and so I said to myself well if
there's something wrong with President
Trump and first of all if it's if it's
something minor let's say he has the flu
or something like that I I would
understand why you wouldn't want to
share it you know just sort of lay low
until he feels better so I wouldn't be
surprised if it's just some ordinary
thing he just doesn't
doesn't need the public to know about
that would be my guess but I went over
to his Twitter feed with the following
question I wanted to see if he's been
tweeting in his own voice lately
you can kind of tell the tweets that are
have gone through staff because they
tend to be you know just retweets of
things with maybe one sentence can apply
yes rate the really edgy provocative
stuff the stuff with misspellings
especially you can tell this directly
from Trump so I went over to his Twitter
feed to see if there's any direct stuff
or does it all look like staff and it
kind of all looks like staff tweets
today so david pakman quite quite fairly
asked the following question he said
where were all the people you know
getting on Hillary Clinton for her
health where are they now you know
talking about presidential well nobody
talked about Hillary's health more than
I did and Here I am so David Pakman and
for all of those who say to me Scott
Scott Scott why are you so partisan here
you go I think I think there's probably
a health issue with the president I
think his tweeting with his lack of
tweeting suggestion is lack of
appearance suggests it I have no reason
to think it's a serious problem and
certainly we didn't see any signs of it
in his public appearances in my opinion
but it's a question it's a fair question
and I hopefully get an answer to it and
I hope he's I hope he's fine of course
but it's more likely something minor
than something major we would have seen
signs of it or we would have heard
something
all right here in in messages from the
other movie here are some things on the
CNN website
I love reading their commentary
especially the opinion pieces because
they're just so different
than what you see on the right it just
feels like you've entered a new world
it's almost like going to another
country or something
so here the sort of things it doesn't
even matter who's that there they're all
of their opinion people are the same
person at least in how they sound and
they were talking about the president's
visit to the health to the doctor I
guess and this opinion person says any
human being would suffer seriously under
such stress and because and becomes
subject to all kinds of symptoms panic
attacks stomach woes headaches anxiety
does that sound like Trump you know I
told you when I met with him in person
and in the Oval Office last year one of
my takeaways was he was the most relaxed
person I've ever seen in any job he
didn't look like he had a problem in the
world I've never seen anybody less
stressed than Trump in the Oval Office
he just seemed like he was taking
everything in stride and he said before
he can likes the fight so while I don't
disagree that he probably yells and
stuff behind closed doors I think he
kind of likes the job I just don't think
he's worrying himself to death about any
of this but then the CNN opinion priest
goes on and said last week was one of
the worst of his presidency and and
they're talking about the impeachment
stuff and I thought to myself really I
thought last last week nothing happened
the worst of his presidency he couldn't
possibly be worried that this
impeachment things is ever gonna reach
any kind of completion and actually
remove him from office he couldn't
possibly be worried about that could he
I suppose if it's you you'd be worried
about it right if you were the president
it's hard to be objective if you're in
the job but was it really one of the
worst weeks of his presidency last week
I don't think it was even close I don't
think anything happened last week
[Applause]
let's talk about so I saw Newt Gingrich
talk about the she impeachment as the
theater and you know I've been saying
that for a long time it really is
theater and if you see it that way it's
kind of fun if you see it as some kind
of a serious political something
something well then it's it's alarming
if you took any of it seriously it would
be alarming I don't I don't take any of
it seriously let's talk about China I
just tweeted something that is
mind-blowing have you ever heard of the
epic times let me just I want to go back
to my home page here and look at it yeah
so the epic times they they're a
publication in the United States and in
Hong Kong as well and they publish lots
of stuff that China doesn't like so I
don't want to say it's an anti China
publication but that those are its roots
so its roots are in sort of anti Chinese
leadership just the leadership's are
against and they actually have video
camera of the Chinese obviously Chinese
military or police coming in and masks
into their facility in Hong Kong while
the employees are there and setting it
on fire
let me say that again it's pictures of
mast obviously Chinese government people
coming into the actual printing facility
of the epic times in North Korea while
the employees are there throwing
flammable stuff on the floor and
lighting it on fire and setting the
whole place ablaze and let me say again
while the employees are there they're
all in the video the employees are like
what's going on
boom the whole place goes up in flames
and the massive people run out the door
now apparently the employees must be the
bravest employees in the world because
they put the fire out it was a big fire
and it was a serious fire and somehow
they got it out and looks like they
might be able to get back in business
but that's freedom of the press Chinese
style Posada interview just yesterday
with ash Carter former US defense
secretary who was talking about
decoupling essentially and how China's
internet will probably just be a another
Internet and that they in the end we
won't be able to connect to China for
any technological reason whatsoever
because we can't trust them think about
that we can't connect to China and then
the technological way because they'll
steal our stuff what kind of country is
that where you can't even connect to
them on the Internet
seriously that's bad so I've been saying
that China is doing a triple Holocaust
it was happening right now
Holocaust one the floon gone folks who
were apparently being harvested for
organs there are 10 to 70 million of
them there's less people so that that's
gonna be a big number next there's the
we Gers who have been rounded up and put
in prison camps that's your second
Holocaust that's happening right now
this is not a historical to Holocaust in
progress right now and then the third
one is is the fentanyl that they're
shipping to this country I listened to
the Joe Rogan interview with I forget
his name the reporter would actually
went to China and visited he offended
the lab tried to undercover etc and one
of the things I heard that I didn't know
about is that China actually has tax
incentives for fentanyl precursor drugs
so in other words the government is
paying the drug dealers in effect with a
tax rebate for making and I
supporting fentanyl precursors the
chemicals that you easily turn into
offense at all and that about the same
time this according to what I saw in the
Joe Rogan podcast and about the same
time that the president was getting
President Xi to agree to crack down a
fentanyl at the same time China improved
their tax rebate they made it more
attractive to ship the fentanyl stuff so
if you have any question about whether
China is serious about stopping their
fentanyl trade they are not they are not
serious and that is Holocaust
three-three Holocaust by China and I'm
not even counting hug huh there they're
burning buildings with people in it they
literally just did that with the app of
times they're working on their fourth
Holocaust right now and we're talking
about doing a trade deal with them not a
chance in the world we're not
going to do a trade deal with China if
you need to I'm sorry yes was bad
Westhoff was the the reporter who was on
Joe Rogan talking about the fentanyl
thank you for that so they're there at
three and a half Holocaust right now and
we're actually we're negotiating with
them are you freaking kidding me
you don't negotiate with somebody who's
got three and a half Holocaust going on
right now
and you happen to be the victim of one
of them all right we're the victim of
one of those Holocaust so there's no
chance we're gonna have a comprehensive
deal with China there's no chance we
might have some smaller smaller tariffs
you things but there's no chance that
we'll ever have a comprehensive trade
deal decoupling is going to happen all
right
that's enough of that repeating myself
too much in the last 10 minutes as
anything happened in the champagne
theater
somebody says Americans choose to use
fentanyl well that's that's one of the
things I point out in looser think so
whoever just made that comment I'm gonna
make an example of you sorry one of the
worst forms of loser think is to pair
the problem with the solution so if with
the fentanyl the situation people say
hey the problem is that people were
taken that's the problem if they would
stop taking it we wouldn't have a
problem well that's true if people stop
taking fentanyl it wouldn't matter what
China does but it's loser think because
addicts don't stop taking drugs that
means some do but it's not realistic
it's not practical one should not expect
that the users will just stop taking
fentanyl stop taking drugs it's
ridiculous to even make the comment that
the problem is the individuals yes true
it's true that the problem is to people
taking the drugs but that's not where
the solution is the solution is going to
be maybe something with treatment
something with legalization something
with cutting down on the demand now
personally the reason that I want to
crack down on China and their their
dealers is not because it will stop
fentanyl in this country I don't think
it will it's because they're mass
murderers if you thought that bin Laden
wasn't going to kill anybody else would
you say well he's not gonna kill anybody
else let's just let it go let's let him
live I think he's done killing he is
sort of done with that we'll just let
that go
of course not if somebody's a mass
murderer and and the fentanyl dealers
have killed tens of thousands of this
country and continue to kill tens of
thousands every year
you don't say well oh they I guess I
guess they're done down because China
decided that they're not going to do
that anymore
oh you killed him anyway you still got
to kill him because the mass murderers
I'm a very let's say I'm very what's the
right word very interested in the idea
of complete drug legalization in this
country if we legalize drugs we would
get rid of the Chinese fentanyl problem
but and the cartel problems all at the
same time now you say to yourself wait
wait Scott legalizing marijuana is one
thing but Lisl legalizing everything
from meth to heroin to fentanyl well
that's just plain crazy Scott but that's
why you can test things yeah people are
mentioning Portugal apparently has
success with with that but I always warn
you that what works in another country
doesn't mean it will work here because
there are enough variables that are
different you still need to test it how
hard would it be to get one state or
even one city to test it can we not find
one city or state there wants to test
complete legalization combined with your
medical treatment etc not one there's
nobody in the United States who's
stepping up and saying dear federal
government if you let us if you let us
we'll test this for you nobody nobody
seriously one of the biggest problems in
the country its fentanyl is killing more
people than guns and there's no there's
no state that's willing to say I will
test it for you
well we'll just do a limited test we'll
see if that works if you're not testing
it you're not doing you're not
working on it you don't care you're
doing nothing people ask me hey Scott
stop being such an apologist for the
Trump administration etc well let me let
me crush you here for a moment and say
the Trump administration is not offering
to do not offering in any way they're
not proposing to have a drug
legalization test a little trial if
they're not doing that they're not doing
the minimum thing for to demonstrate
competence in that area is that clear
enough the minimum requirement to
demonstrate competence not even not even
being great but just minimum competence
would be to be floating the idea of
let's let's be able to test somewhere to
see if this legalization thing makes any
difference see what it does if you're
not even looking at a test I'm sorry
that is incompetent there's no other way
to there's no good spin you can put on
there that's just that is absolutely
incompetent likewise you're seeing the
Democrats coming out and saying hey
let's legalize marijuana the Trump
administration is just sort of quiet on
that that too is incompetence there's no
other way to spend that the Trump
administration just has to say let the
states deal with it we're gonna take
that off the federal dockets it's not
going to be illegal federally we'll just
get out of that business leave it to the
states easy
politically socially criminally in every
way that would be the smart thing to do
and a hundred percent of the people
watching no it's the smart thing to do
you wouldn't even get I don't think
anybody would complain and yet you don't
see the Trump administration doing it
incompetent so I would say in the
domains of health
and drug policy the administration is
incompetence and I'm starting to think
that on the question of nuclear energy
even though the Department of Energy is
doing great stuff so at the at the non
presidential level I would say that you
know the Trump administration is really
doing well promoting generation three
and four nuclear stuff but it's not
coming out of the president's mouth and
that's a big difference so I would say
that on energy and on climate change
whether you think it's real or not
nuclear energy is still the the solution
you'd want to pursue so I'd say that the
president is not competent on that topic
because confidence would be for him to
say on a regular basis let's push all of
our energy sources because it doesn't
matter what you think of the Paris
Accords it doesn't matter what you think
climate change we need a lot of energy
and we need the clean kind and the only
way we're going to get enough is if we
push all of our sources nuclear is a big
part of that if you see the president
say that then I say oh okay that's a
good job but short of that that's not
competent all right have I lost all of
my audience yet I think the audience
went down by a third because I
criticized the president all right let
him do what he said he would yeah I'm
just looking at your comments here
there's an upcoming Richard Jewell movie
that would be interesting when has Trump
changed his position on something
politically well he changed his position
on punishing women who get illegal
abortions in 24 hours he changed that
opinion pretty quickly he
changed his opinion on deporting 14 or
however many million the immigrants who
are not documented so I would say there
you have a number of examples that he
needs coal voters in West Virginia in
Pennsylvania if we started today
building nuclear power plants like crazy
it would still take so long for us to
have enough of them
that most people would just finish out
their career as coal miners and retire
before before there was enough nuclear
energy to make any difference that this
criticism is good somebody says vaping
yeah you know I have not commented on
the vaping thing it is because I'm too
biased I'm too biased and I'll tell you
why I watched my stepson go through his
problems with every drug you can imagine
and he vaped like crazy and he would
argue with us that the vaping was
keeping him from smoking regular
cigarettes except he was also smoking
regular cigarettes so basically the
vaping was just so we could do it inside
as well I think that people and I don't
know this so somebody you know maybe dr.
drew or somebody knows a lot more than I
do about addiction can answer this but
it seems to me that vaping is a drug and
it makes people who were trying to get
off drugs maybe that much harder
I don't know but it seems to be that
being a smoker and trying to get off
drugs would be confusing because it is a
drug now I'm not an expert on that and I
I've heard plenty of I've had heard
plenty of addicts say that they're glad
they have cigarettes because you know at
least they have that and it helps them
stay off the other stuff maybe I'm no
expert it could be it could work both
ways it could be for some people having
a little bit of
ice even though they might get lung
cancer is better than being an addict
might be the first other people if you
have a little bit of anything you know
it's just a slippery slope but here's my
opinion
I hate vaping I hate it like deep in my
bones
I hate it and I have to admit when
people do it around me I have a reaction
that makes me need to leave the room
it's just personal emotional hatred but
it's because of my experience it's not
because of the vaping so I don't have a
scientific opinion I don't have a legal
opinion or a policy opinion on it I hate
it I don't want to be around it and if
it got you know if it were if it became
illegal I would listen to the griping
about it I would understand that
certainly there's an argument to be made
that it helps you get off of regular
cigarettes I think that's a fair
argument
I wouldn't criticize that at all but I
can't help how I feel
so trying to separate for you my opinion
you know how I feel with what makes
sense from what's logical logically
logically I get the argument freedom is
good logically I get the argument that
could help you quit regular cigarettes
logically I get the argument that the
problems probably will be isolated and
it's the secondary market stuff for the
black market stuff I get all that that
doesn't change the fact that I hate it
so just being honest
all right I believe that's all I got to
say vapors are exhaling nicotine in me
is that true I don't even know if that's
true somebody's saying that the comments
somebody says legalize drugs except
vaping or remember
[Music]
yeah if vaping were illegal I suppose
we'd be getting it from the cartels so
yeah there's no point making and illegal
is that loser think well I think if you
know that that the science or the facts
are on one side and yet you feel a
different way as long as you're aware of
that difference
I think you've you're in reasonably good
shape you can't change how you feel
sometimes nicotine is higher in vapors
yeah I just don't know if you can get a
secondhand vaping from it all right
that's all I got for now I'm gonna go
watch watch the champion theater
see if anybody says anything interesting
but I counted out it kind of doubt it