[Music]
good morning everybody and welcome to
the highlight of human civilization it's
called coffee with Scott Adams and I'm
pretty sure you'll never have a better
time and today's going to be extra
special good because I got up early and
I'm feeling great and the News was funny
so stay with me today is going to be fun
best thing you'll see on a Saturday
morning when everybody else is taking
the day off
lazy and if you'd like to take this
experience up to levels that nobody can
even understand with their tiny shiny
human brains all you need is a copper
mug or glass of tanker chel Stein a
canteen juger flask of vessel of any
kind fill it with your favorite liquid I
like coffee and join me now for the
unparallel pleasure of the dope imedia
of the day the thing that makes
everything better it's called the
simultaneous hip and it happens now
go
Transcendent well I'd like to make an
announcement to begin with um just a
clarification uh the MSNBC host Katie
tur is not related to
uh cat
turd cat turd is an entirely different
person than Katie
tur that's I just needed to clarify that
before we go on ABC is uh reporting that
they've discovered the largest
uncontacted tribe deep in the Peruvian
Amazon so there's a group of 750 people
who have had no contact with modern
civilization in the perian Amazon and
somebody got a picture of them and
here's the thing they look really
healthy and
happy maybe being uncontacted is a
pretty good deal because they look way
too healthy and happy it's like you know
they're just hanging out on the beach
I'm thinking huh I wouldn't mind being
uncontacted this that's looking pretty
good depression levels probably none
probably none but it makes me
wonder Okay the reason that we we know
they exist but we don't contact them is
that we fear that contact with them
would destroy
them so the only reason they don't know
about us is that we've decided it's for
their own
good which opens up the possibility I
think you know where this is
going that there's somebody who is more
advanced than we are who for exactly the
same reason leaves us uncontacted but we
keep seeing these UFOs and stuff are
like huh well what's that and then then
I was looking at the photograph uh the
photograph of the uncontacted tribe and
it was obviously taken from either some
kind of aircraft or drone which means
that the people on the beach were
looking up at what they thought was a
UFO and saying huh what the hell is
that so I'd just like to put out the
possibility that there's an advanced
civilization of humans who live the
ocean that's where I'd put them they
live below the ocean and they just come
out once in a while to check us out and
when we see their UFOs we go huh I
wonder what that is just putting it out
there just a
possibility well Boris Johnson says he's
uh he's optimistic that if Trump wins
the election he can negotiate an end to
the Ukraine
war Boris Johnson said that where' that
come from and has reached out to Trump
to you know make friends with him
probably think Something Good Can Happen
Putin seems to be optimistic now do you
still doubt that uh Trump can negotiate
the end of the Ukraine war on his first
day in office he can literally now it
won't happen on the first day but it's
within the bounds of possibility that he
could end the war in the first day it's
not impossible because there's no nobody
who doesn't want to end the war
basically everybody wanted the end the
war but not the way they were doing it
so as long as they were going the way
they were going nothing was going to
change what they needed was something
big that was coming from the outside
that would just change the equation and
it's Trump trump is the Ultimate Reality
changer it just changes all the
variables then suddenly people say oh
it's all new variables I guess we can
end this war now so I think his Trump's
odds of ending the very high but related
to that uh Russia convicted That Wall
Street Journal reporter Evan
gershkovich and he's been sentenced to
the sprawling penal colony which is
known to be
awful and we assume that Putin is
playing the prisoner swap game I assume
that there's somebody that Putin wants
released or he wants leverage or maybe
has to do with the Ukraine war but he
wants something so we assume that he's
not a a real prisoner he's sort of a
leverage prisoner that Putin's using and
do you think that Putin is waiting for
Trump to get an office before he
releases him so he can credit Trump with
the
release because I think he is I think
Putin is smart enough to know that if he
can leave this little uh benefit for
Trump it's like oh look Trump got this
guy free this first day of office and
and now we have good relationship with
America because we got this one thing
you know this this tiny little thing
that was moving in the same direction
and then you have
momentum be because momentum is
everything the the world is not about
what is it's about what direction you're
moving and if the direction is moving
toward each other as in you know what
president Trump we are going to release
this prisoner and it's only because you
asked and we'd like the thing things to
be better with the United States now
that would be just a good um zero
expense thing for Putin to do so Putin
could get some momentum
toward some kind of resolution that he
would prefer just by giving something
that cost him nothing because it didn't
cost him anything to give up the hostage
I'll call him a hostage because he
basically is so I got a feeling this is
going to be Echoes of Reagan and the
Iran and hostages that model is too
strong in our minds to be
ignored anyway here's more on Trump
Trump's having a good week to say the
least uh looks like he's now up
according to an Emerson College polling
executive uh Trump is up in Virginia
that's a state that Biden won by 10 he
won by 10 and now he's down by
two you know if you didn't know anything
else about any of the polling anywhere
and if it turned out this was true you
can't can't believe every poll but it
would tell you everything you
needed uh
yeah by the way when we see these uh
Nationwide polls where it says Trump's
up by five or up by two in the nation
don't you have to kind of adjust that
for the fact that normally the
Republicans are behind on the popular
vote
and even if they win it's because they
they got the right combination of states
and stuff so if Trump is actually a head
in the overall common vote doesn't that
say
Landslide even if he's just slightly
head in the in the popular vote overall
that means Landslide right because the
only way you could get there is if
you're way ahead and you know the states
that count well it's not the only way
but it's highly suggestive of L slide
don't get yourself too happy because
Anything Could
Happen
um so according to Zero Hedge uh Federal
prosecutors are starting to drop some of
the obstruction charges from the January
6
prisoners uh because of the recent
Supreme Court ruling so I guess the
obstruction charge uh is not
relevant
to this situation that's basically the
obstruction charge was really stretched
by the prosecutors from some Enron
situation um where obstruction made more
sense that it was more about destroying
evidence and it got really stretched too
far and then the Supreme Court I think
said nope that's that's not an
applicable uh application so that
doesn't mean that they'll be free it
means that they'll just pursue other
charges now what does it mean to you if
the entire case the January 6 case
against Trump is that he was trying to
obstruct the government from doing his
thing and then the Supreme Court said no
that's not
obstruction doesn't that kind of make
the whole thing go away at least the the
coup part of it it if it was not illegal
to
obstruct then what was it it was legal I
mean not illegal in that specific way so
there there was plenty of IL legality
too but uh but it wasn't illegal in that
specific way and that was the only part
that really really
mattered obviously the violence mattered
to the people who got injured but in
terms of the the big picture of whether
it was an Insurrection or a a reasonable
protest if you take the obstruction out
of it it kind of gets a lot closer to a
reasonable protest which is how most of
us saw it from the
start all right um here's something we
learned about JD Vance that we didn't
know um there's some leaked memos
showing that JD Vance was uh the guy who
kept holding up a bunch of Ambassador
nominations because he would Grill them
about their Dei beliefs and if they were
too woke and Dei he would just you know
not be okay with it and apparently the
leak was to make to show what a bad
person he was but it doesn't look that
way to me it looks like was one of the
Smart Ones if he was trying to prevent
the spread of this you know uh this
virus of
Dei speaking of Dei let's give you an
update of how Dei is doing this week
number one uh Democrats don't have a
viable candidate because they can't win
with
Harris and they can't skip
over so Dei has destroyed the Democrat
Party from being a viable entity maybe
forever so that's one thing Dei did
destroyed the Democrat
Party
um allegedly the Secret Service may have
been affected by a little extra Dei
emphasis than you wish now there's no
direct connection between Dei and the
shooting of trump but we do know that
the director had a big push toward Dei
and we do know that that that is a push
that is often at odds with the best
result so if somebody is bragging about
putting emphasis in something that isn't
for Effectiveness but rather for
diversity can we be blamed for thinking
it's one of the least top three
possibilities for why things went wrong
no we can't that would be a reasonable
assumption that it's at least in the top
three how about the crowd strike
crippling the planet well one of the
things I love is that when any company
has any problem be it Boeing or somebody
else in this case crowd strike you can
count on Christopher
rufo uh within a day finding out how
committed they were to
Dei turns out that crowd strike was
really committed to
Dei as they as rufo says they went all
in on
Dei uh and he's got the receipts to show
it so they they had a big push to make
make
diversity a top priority and then what
happened well brought down the it
network of a big part of the
globe now just to be
clear um the the Democrat Party
destroying itself as a clear case of Dei
they just can't skip over the black
female candidate and she's not capable
of winning so they don't have anything
to run on and the other two are just
suspicious
meaning that you'd have to put Dei in
the top three possibilities I was
watching the all-in Pod yesterday I was
watching jamat say uh that uh all of our
institutions are incompetent it seems
like everything we counted on to sort of
get the work done it just sto working
and is that because of
Dei now the he didn't say that jamat
didn't say it was Dei but you have to
ask yourself is it in the top three
reasons probably I mean on paper it
should create massive
incompetence if the one if the only
thing you knew is that we're going to
move our Focus to diversity and maybe
we'll give up a little bit of
experience you would assume that you
would get massive incompetence what else
would it
be yeah the only way it could go the
other way is if you learn that the
diverse candidates were in fact always
superior in intellect and
capability now if that were the case and
I'm not saying it isn't by the way but
if that were the case then you would see
an increase in quality because we'd be
like oh these were people were were left
out before for you know racial
discrimination or what else but now
they're in and now they're high quality
people and they make everything work
better on paper of unless the diverse
candidates were noticeably smarter and
more capable or harder working than the
people that would have been in those
jobs
otherwise it should lead to a decrease
in
quality you know all other things be
equal if you assume all people are equal
and have the same
capabilities you should see a decrease
in capability by forcing yourself to
pick from a small group of people when
there's a great demand for the diverse
people so it's just
systemic all right so that's not
ideal um a lot of people ask me Scott
what do you think of the analysis that's
all over the Internet of the gunshots
and how it shows that there are at least
uh I think three different guns
according to one analysis and that would
that would make it look like there are
some secret Shooters not just the bad
guy and not just the sniper who killed
the bad guy but rather some mysterious
third shooter that you know the
conspiracy theorists would
say so let me I don't know what the
answer
is but let me tell you how to look at
this all right so this should just be
how to analyze it it's not the answer I
can't tell you if there was a third
shooter so don't ask me that I'll just
tell you how to look at it the most
predictable thing you could have
known is that somebody would make an
analysis showing there was a third
shooter you all know that right you
could PR you could predict with
certainty whether or not there was a
third shooter you could predict with
certainty that there would be an
analysis of the angle of the shots that
would look like H third shooter and you
could predict with certainty that
somebody would do an audio analysis that
would show there's a third shooter now
if you can know in advance that those
will exist are they credible
let me say it again if you can know in
advance that whether it's true or it's
not true that those analyses will still
exist for sure guaranteed can you trust
them no no if you can predict that they
will that they will occur whether or not
there was a third shooter and I could do
that if you would ask me i' said I'll
bet you $1
million I'll bet you $1 million will be
an analysis of a third shooter that you
can't tell if it's accurate or
not I would have bet a million dollars
and that has nothing to do with my
belief that there's a third shooter it's
just it's guaranteed in the age of the
internet there would be something that
looks convincing that would look like a
third shooter so question number one was
it convincing yes yes it was convincing
was it true
H here's the documentary problem the
documentary fact which I talk about all
the time because it's probably the
single most important thing you need to
understand to understand the news if you
only see one side of an argument you
will be persuaded it's
true when you look at these audio
analyses you're seeing one side of the
argument you're typically not seeing
them paired with somebody saying but I
would have seen this differently or your
your audio is off or there's another way
to look at it if you had seen them side
by side you probably would have a
different
opinion so if you saw one person's
analysis that you knew was going to
exist whether or not it was true and you
didn't see it next to a Counterpoint
what have you
seen nothing nothing you you should
grade that as you didn't see
anything now until you learn that trick
that how you should value that knowledge
is as zero it's like it it's very
similar to um there was one anonymous
source that says president Trump took a
dump on the Oval Office
desk it's like that it might be true I
mean anything's
possible but probably not you know by
its nature you shouldn't trust it so
this is no insult to the people who did
the analysis I have no idea if it's
accurate all I know is that as a
consumer of news don't assume that's
accurate that that would be the wrong
way to analyze it right so and this is
the the tough part that I don't know the
answer if there was a third shoot or not
I really
don't but I know that trusting the
analyses you see on it is a bad idea so
just get that
distinction well we've found now that uh
Crooks the shooter was able to fly his
own drone over the location
now I hate to say that a story is so
tragic and we can't forget that there
was you know there were real victims in
this and it could have been much worse
um but how did a 20-year-old get air
superiority he had air
superiority he had air
superiority come on and the first
question that all of us asked was wait a
minute the Secret Service doesn't have a
drone how hard is it to get a drone well
it wasn't that hard a 20-year-old did it
so apparently he did now people are
saying why didn't they notice the
Drone that part I understand if the
Drone is high
enough yeah if it's high enough it's
it's kind of hard to spot so that's not
too surprising although it does make you
think that they should have some
acoustic um sensors don't you think
don't you think there should should be
some kind of acoustic sensors that would
pick up a drone
Buzz just by looking up all the time and
say oh oh we hear a drone buzz and then
be able to kind of spot it or
triangulate it so maybe there's some
equipment that needs to be invented in
the age of drones I think they have
drone blocking technology but not drone
detection
technology in other words the Secret
Service probably had you know a portable
device to disable a drone which you can
do by taking out his radio signal but
probably not want to detect one which
would be a little harder or maybe maybe
more rare not
harder and then the of course um let's
see if you could have predicted this uh
there was a young male
shooter uh do you think there will be a
controversy about whether or not he was
on anti-depressant meds of course there
would
be of course there would be and there is
why well there are studies that say that
anti-depressants increase the acting out
of violent
acts is that true well it seems to be
supported by a number of different
studies it's not just one so I would
guess that there's something to that um
and it could be part of the answer
because you ask yourself how in the
world do you get in the frame of mind
that you would do such a
thing and uh it's hard to it's hard to
know now the other thing that people are
asking is why in the world is he the
only 20-year-old who is known to be a
computer programmer type and uh was on
the steam gaming Network and yet he has
no social media and and the only photos
we can get of them are one taken by the
snipers the day of and another one when
he was like 14 years old and everything
in between is missing except for that
black rock video where he just happened
to be in the in the
shot that's the most suspicious thing
I've ever seen in my life and I know
people are asking are they hiding the
fact that he was
trans because if you see his haircut in
the the day of the event he's got long
hair for the first time because he
didn't have long hair as a
teenager was he
transitioning now I don't have any I
have no clues to that except that he had
long hair like a woman uh by the the day
of the
event now but people have long hair so
that's that's not proof of anything but
why would they why would the government
apparently try to protect us from some
information about the
shooter it's very suspicious so does
that mean he's trans no absolutely not
does it mean that it's obvious they're
hiding some something from us it looks
obvious it looks obvious that there's
something about this story they're
hiding from
us so let's uh let's check again on the
incompetence hypothesis versus The
Conspiracy hypothesis all right the uh
here's some things we
know um according to the Wall Street
Journal uh
the the Butler County Emergency Services
and the Secret Service have different um
explanations of what happened do you
remember my hypothesis the Dilbert
filter I said that when you have three
entities the Secret Service the local
police and then the the local police
sniper unit which was a different local
police it was a nearby um jurisdiction
that when you put three people in charge
of a thing your odds of a bureaucratic
miscommunication just go through the
roof
two is a lot if you've got two different
entities that have to communicate you're
already in trouble but if you have two
of them that seem like they're the same
but they're not the same they're both
local police but they're from different
places you're just automatically
introducing error into the system so so
you don't have to be you know some kind
of den bongino expert to know that there
was going to be a massive possibility of
error as soon as you had three people
that's all it takes three entities so
there is now as I imagine there would be
there are opposite stories of who
thought who was supposed to be guarding
the building now did I call that tell me
who else predicted that the real problem
would come down to the police and the
secret uh the Secret Service disagreeing
on who was supposed to be doing what and
here it is it was the most predictable
thing about this now that's based on the
dilbur filter that it's just bureaucracy
and pointy hair boss and people being
lazy and
selfish uh do you remember when I said
maybe the maybe the snipers the police
snipers maybe they took a place inside
the building because it was hot on the
roof you remember I said that maybe it
was just hot on the roof it turns out
that's the actual reason it was too hot
on the
roof and then they believed that the
roof would be covered by the other
snipers so in other words the other
snipers could see the rooftop and then
the snipers that decided to be in the
cooler inside Place said oh look we've
got this window with a good view of the
venue you guys got the rooftop now how
hard would it be for somebody to mishar
that about who has the
rooftop real easy and for sure even if
they understood it they're going to be
blaming each other because that's just
how humans work all right so one unit
believed that the roof slant would have
partially obscured The sniper's
View so that that there was something
about the roof slant that makes no sense
whatsoever does it doesn't make any
sense uh they didn't want a snipers they
didn't want the police snipers to be
exposed to the heat because it was over
90 degrees and it was a 9h hour shift
that's just what I told you it was too
hot the roof was too hot so they just
didn't get on it if you just think of
the least conspiratorial thing like
what's the most normal thing that people
do they try to avoid heat just normal
stuff they blame other people they
mishar things the most normal things in
the world would explain most of
this um so the Secret Service decided
not to Stage snipers on that roof and
left securing it to the locals exact L
what I told you the locals thought that
the snipers thought that the Secret
Service was securing the roof just like
I told you they would blame each
other
um and then there was the looking around
for the guy but they couldn't find him
now the part that we don't have an
answer for is if they knew there was
some unsecure situation why did they let
the president go out did the president
insist on going out even knowing there
was a problem was there something more
about what they knew about the guy who
was looking suspicious with the
rangefinder so we got real questions but
it sure looks like incompetence is 80%
of the
answer um but we don't know that's the
whole answer now as smart people have
been saying it doesn't need to be that
the incompetence was necessarily part of
the plan but it could be that knowing
there was incompetence or or creating a
situation where there might be more
incompetence such as using uh the
non-regular people such as taking the
most experienced people and moving them
to cover the the NATO Summit moving them
to cover uh Jill Biden's trip both of
which happened those might be just
normal bureaucratic decisions that turn
down
tragic um but let's talk about the
conspiracy the hypothesis which could
involve some planned incompetence in
other words you could imagine that the
plot involved finding a weakness in the
security and then striking when there
was weakness so they might have you know
the the inside the idea of an Insider
being involved is still alive but let's
look at
that so the conspiracy theory certainly
the fact that we don't see as social
media is a
question um there's there's no clear
explanation from the Secret Service of
why things went wrong and when there was
a little bit of an explanation it was an
obvious lie that the slanted roof was
the problem
now um that the slope was dangerous now
given that the head of the Secret
Service obviously
lied and we haven't heard a
clarification
yet that's sort of a big
flag um
so I'd say that those really the
unanswered questions are the biggest
problem in my
mind all right now Mo many of you asked
what about that alleged FBI assistant
director who was in the stands behind
Trump and seemed mysteriously not shaken
up by the incident and simply filmed it
and people said my God she must be in on
the plot because she was the only one
who didn't look
surprised um I hear that's been debunked
she's not she is not in fact an
assistant director of the
FBI is everybody up to date on that I I
just found out this morning so it was
not true that that was her job now that
doesn't mean she's not part of the part
of the conspiracy right but here's why I
don't think she
is you wouldn't be that close to the
bullets if you were part of the
conspiracy you'd make sure you weren't
sitting there that's that's the worst
thing to do is sit there but let me give
you an explanation that makes sense to
me why was this one
person calmly taking a
video well it could be a sens of
Duty if you had your phone ready and it
was sort of already on video because you
probably were you know every now and
then doing video of the the event
wouldn't you know that your angle on
this event which was clearly a world
event would be
needed you would want as much video from
every angle as possible for the benefit
of the country you want the the public
to see what happened you want the Secret
Service to be able to see if there's any
extra thing that can be gleaned from it
and probably she had an angle that was
not going to be covered by anything else
if you put me in that situation I would
have
filmed if you put me in that situation I
would have stayed there and filmed
because I would have thought it was so
important to have that angle because
especially since she didn't know if
Trump was okay by that time um I think I
would have stayed and I think I would
have just put the camera on it even
though even though the bullets were
flying because I would have felt some
level of importance to it that seemed
greater than my physical safety at that
moment now I love to say that because it
makes me sound brave but it would more
be more about the the large less of the
moment would make me you know default to
what has to be done versus what I want
to be done does that make sense when
when situation really goes off the rails
like that your your brain can flip into
what you have to do versus what you want
to do what you want to do is
run and what I would want to do is run
but sometimes you do what you have to do
because you have to do it there there
doesn't need to be a better reason
so let's just say she knew what she had
to do what's wrong with that as an
explanation yeah now again I can't tell
you what her motives are anything like
that but there is a perfectly reasonable
explanation that she just saw the moment
she just felt the moment and did what
I'm glad she did which is get another
video of another
angle all right so This Global it outage
caused by crowd
strike um apparently we're of course
there are rumors that
uh crowd strike is connected to election
machines we don't know I don't know if
any of that's true but uh Elan mus just
deleted crowd strike from all of his
company systems one of the things that I
heard about it that I don't know is true
is that Trump had once complained that
crowd strike was owned by the Ukrainian
oligarch is that
true is it true that crowd strike is own
owned by a Ukrainian
oligarch how could that possibly be
true now it's something that Trump
apparently had claimed in Prior years
when crowd strike was part of that uh
the group that looked at the um the DNC
hack and decided it was Russia and
people like me said huh that's
convenient so the information that
nobody gets to see but you and we don't
quite trust you are saying that it's
Russia which is very
convenient so everything about that
sounded like to
me but I didn't know the part
about the Ukrainian oligarch so I'm I'm
not sure that's true so don't assume
that I'm saying it's true it's
just I'll look for a confirmation of
that anyway uh Daniel Dale the fact
checker for CNN uh you know how I was
telling you that when he was mentioning
his fact checks on Trump at the uh big
speech that I could tell that the the
first several things he mentioned were
actually wrong fact checks and even I
knew I mean just by paying attention to
the news I knew oh well that's not true
or oh well you left out the context if
you put it in the context it would look
different oh that's not the way they
collect that data anymore so really it's
a data problem now that's just stuff I
knew you know I'm just my mildly well
informed on the news but imagine what
you would know if you were an expert on
any of the domains that he talked about
well that happened uh
so so representative Mike Waltz at the
convention gave his own speech and he
said that Biden was focused on building
electric
tanks which is probably not the best you
know power for a tank
um and uh Daniel Dale uh debunked that
and said that's not true that Biden was
focusing on tanks So Daniel Dale
basically makes Mike Waltz look like an
idiot by factchecking him on
TV but then CNN made the mistake of
interviewing Mike Waltz and that's where
things went went South for CNN because
Mike Waltz it turns out is really good
at communicating really good at
communicating and he decided to use his
time on CNN to uh try to repair his
reputation which you can't do I mean
once the cat's on of the bag it lives on
the internet forever as he pointed out
but he went through the details of how
if Daniel Dale had not immediately
assumed it was untrue if he' spent just
a minute Googling it he would have found
out it's completely true and wal had the
receipts he gave the he gave the sources
things you can check and sure enough
Michael wse was completely right but he
got fact
checked now this is a version of the
Gman Amnesia you know Gilman Amnesia I
talk about all the time where if you're
an expert in a domain you look at the
news and you go well that news is wrong
that's fake news but if you're not an
expert you think it might be true
because what do you know you're not an
expert but here's a perfect example so
Waltz did know a lot about this topic
and then the guy who fact checked him
didn't know
and said it was false and then the
audience didn't know and they probably
think well Daniel Dale probably looked
into it and just magnify this times a
100 and that's what half of the country
is looking at is that's just made
up all right here's another one know the
players Anderson Cooper had Carl bernin
Bernstein on Bernstein Bernstein right
Carl Bernstein on from the worst in
Watergate
Duo so when did they bring him
on what is the reason that you would
ever bring Carl Bernstein Bernstein uh
onto your
show well you bring him on when you
don't have any real news but you want
somebody to say something bad about
Trump that's that's number one reason
and he's the one who goes on oh whatever
Trump did on Tuesday that's worse than
Watergate how about the stuff he did on
Thursday Thursday let me check worse
than Watergate how about uh over the
weekend did he do anything worse than
Watergate oh let me check over the
weekend yeah yeah that was worse than
Watergate so he basically has that one
speed but they they also brought him out
to dump on uh on Biden because you know
that the big push from Pelosi and the
Democrats is to is to cause enough pain
for Biden that he'll he'll quit and
having Carl Bernstein Stein on is uh
does anybody know if it's Stein or
Stein I I can't just keep saying his
name wrong in public it's just too
embarrassing how in the world am I
supposed to
know like my brain doesn't I have the
same problem with the winstein brothers
which now I know is Einstein rhymes with
Einstein so I can get that one right
but is he also a
Stein Weinstein I'm seeing a
Steen so for Carl so Carl Bernstein oh
that sounds right once I say it it
sounds
right thank you all right so I will now
correctly say his name and I apologize
to Carl yeah I never say people's names
incorrectly on purpose I just I have
trouble with some of these
names uh but anyway he's a kind of guy
who doesn't have anything special dad
but you bring him out just to bolster a
message that you were saying anyway so
um he he's saying that Biden realizes
the current state of his candidacy is
likely
unsustainable now do you think that Carl
knows what Biden is thinking when he
says he realizes that his candidacy is
unsustainable and do you think that if
Biden really in the real world if he
thought his campaign was unsustainable
he would be fighting to stay
in so do you think Carl is telling us
the truth based on his inside sources
that the guy who knows his campaign is
unsustainable is going to do the
opposite of what that knowledge would
lead you to do is that what's happening
doesn't sound likely to me to me it
sounds like Biden wants to stay
in and and everybody's trying to make a
story that he's leaving now it seems to
me and other smart people have noted
this that it seems that the Pelosi plan
let's call it that she seems to be
leading it maybe Obama but Pelosi seems
key to it is to have enough people say
he's leaving so that everybody believes
he's leaving which would make all of his
funding dry up which would make
everybody Abandoned Ship because you
don't want to be the last one on the
sinking ship so it looks like they're
trying to drain of them
support with the
hoax with the
hoax it's their main tool it's the thing
they use against Trump so it seems seems
to me that the Biden has decided to
leave might be a Pelosi hoax and she
might be doing to fellow Democrat what
she's been doing to uh Trump for years
we just one hoax after another so we'll
see if it works my prediction from the
beginning was that Biden would stay in
the race until election day at
least how's my prediction
look here's what Mark cin says about the
Pelosi plan to get rid of Biden uh he
says that U you have to know that Mar
Mark helperin is a you know very
well-connected
political strategist consultant guy so
when he talks generally you assume he
knows what he's talking about so he he
would be one of the people you could you
could know that whether he's telling you
the truth or not he knows the truth he
would be an Insider so he says that team
Peli will keep ratcheting things up
until Joe Jill and Hunter cry
Uncle um now there's this guy Seth
Molton I don't know who he is but he
says that the president didn't recognize
him and that's another turtle on another
fence poost says helin and the the par
the Paradox is the more Pelosi uses the
tactics to humiliate Joe the more this
vain proud biggest chip on the shoulder
man gets his back
up uh he works out a this is that this
is a helper in characterizing Biden he
works out he thinks he still has it he
will not be bullied but the donors
members and most of his staff have
already made up their minds and he
indicated he had
also really um here's the problem with
getting Biden out of the race so this is
my take on it right so here are the
things I think you would agree would be
true but when you hear the mold together
you decide if he's going to get down of
the
race number one if leaves the race now
it makes his first term look
absurd because we're going to say wait a
minute who is in charge in the first
term were you
already uh worthless and full of
dementia so Biden is not he's not
running to save his second term he say
he's running to save his legacy if he
quits now it's an admission that his
first term was a
joke who could do
that who could do that ask yourself if
you could do that that you made it to
president of the United States if you
quit today because of your mental
capacity is a very clear indication that
it was diminished for your full term
everybody would know that if you admit
it you're saying I pulled a hoax on the
country I put you all in terrible
Jeopardy my first term was absurd and
I'm not even sure who was in
charge do you think he could do that do
you think anybody could do that
I don't I don't think there's any human
being who could wrap their ego around
giving up their entire Legacy the entire
family name all of it everything he's
worked his life to achieve he has to
give it all up to quit because it's not
about the second term it's about the
first term and if you get that wrong you
don't understand how hard he's going to
dig in he's not giving up the second
term he's giving up his whole Legacy if
he leaves because he's got to protect he
was in good shape at least for the first
term now if he gets into the second term
and lasts a year you know if they HDE
him well enough it looks like he lasted
the year then he can say well suddenly
things took a downturn i I'd better put
KL in charge and then he has his more
graceful
exit all right here's some
more if he leaves the race now he's
going to C Democrats even if
there's a new
candidate so the new candidate whoever
it is come or somebody else is going to
be so crippled by how long Biden waited
that the blame will be on him whether he
loses
personally or he waited too long to get
out and cause the other person to lose
so they're basically two ways to lose
and both of them would be blamed on
Biden even if he's replaced he gets
blamed because the replacement came too
late so he has two ways to lose you
might as well run for office
because he doesn't come out ahead if he
quits how about uh leaving the race now
means he loses to
Trump do you think he could do that do
you think after everything you said
about Trump and the personal animus and
the the ego that he's put into it do you
think he can lose to Trump and lose in
such a weak way because he believing in
a way that made him physically and
mentally weaker than Trump these are
guys who've been saying in public I'm
going to beat you up behind the
bleachers they they literally it's been
a dick measuring contest for years and
you think one of them is going to say
you know what as it turns out I'm
physically and mentally weaker than
Trump so you should maybe just think
about him I mean you wouldn't say that
second part but no there's no way that
he can he has in fact been physically
and mentally weaker than Trump nobody
could do that it's just undoable uh
mentally um how about leaving the race
now confesses that he controlled the
nulear Triad while he was mentally
degraded if he's mentally degraded
enough to leave the race that means that
right now today he's in charge of the
nuclear Triad while he has dementia is
he going to admit that if he if he does
it's the biggest crime in human history
I mean it would be Beyond I mean it
would be unimaginably bad behavior I
mean I don't even have a word for it
there's no words to describe how bad
that would be but he would have to admit
that he'd have to admit the worst thing
you've ever heard from a president I
can't think of anything worse yeah I did
have dementia and I was in charge of the
military no he can't admit that that is
UN
admit how about uh leaving the race puts
his family at risk of legal action that
that alone would be enough reason not to
leave what about the fact that they
don't have a backup income he's not
going to go in the speaking circuit he's
not going to write a
book he doesn't have any income and is
you know his family might require that
you know it's going to take a lot of
money to keep him alive in his later
years if he if he
lasts
and so anyway if you put all that
together and you say how much pain would
Nancy Peli have to give him for him to
back out so I just described the pain of
leaving and the pain of leaving is
bigger than any pain I've I could even
imagine mentally you can't even wrap
your head around how much that would
hurt if you were in his position and you
had his
ego maybe Pelosi can create enough pain
maybe she can just make it a you know um
de facto Thing by having everybody
around him disappear that would be
enough I suppose but I'm going to go
with my original
prediction my original prediction is
they can't they can't get him out of
there and that what they will do is they
will let him run but an
of practicality they're going to say hey
everybody you're really voting for kamla
just understand you're voting for kamla
it's fine don't panic Biden's at the top
of the ticket don't worry about it it's
really kamla just vote for kamla
2024 so that's my prediction now that's
stupid but that's where we're heading
all right apparently the the Gateway
pundit is
reporting that the DNC rules committee
wants to do a virtual roll call to
nominate Biden because otherwise there'
be this embarrassing public display man
can Democrats lose harder than they're
losing this week have you ever seen such
a enormous gap between how one party is
doing and how the other part is doing in
that same week I've never seen anything
like this I mean Trump
basically got elevated to a legend with
possibly divine
inspiration and Biden's you know trying
to defend his dementia that even his own
people say that's as far as you can get
in
distance all right well we of course
since the Saturday we have to talk about
what Bill Mah said in his show I know
some people don't like hearing about
Bill Mah but he has a good window into
what some other people are thinking and
that's important and and he does a
important service with his show I think
his show is very important for the
public you know even when we like to
fight about it and argue with them uh
what Bill Mah does is very important and
and useful and uh it's just Public
Service as well as entertainment in my
opinion so I have the highest
appreciation for what he does uh but he
had on his show um Larry Wilmore and
Byron Donalds among others and
he said that uh Trump's popularity is a
cult and he thinks that the cult of
personality around Trump is dangerous
and it's even more dangerous if you
think he has this you know divine
inspiration now what do you think about
that do you think that Trump is
dangerous because his followers love him
so much and believe that God might be on
his
side well I'm not really religious
person uh at all but I've spent most of
my you know most of my life around them
and so I'll give you my
interpretation when people say that
Trump has you know the blessing of the
Divine just because he you know avoided
getting
killed I don't think that means he has a
free pass does it can can somebody who
is more of a Believer give me a fact
check I don't think that means he could
do what he wants I don't think that's
even a thing if if he you know murdered
somebody on Fifth Avenue I don't think
people are going to say well it's God's
will because I mean obviously God speaks
through Trump and he killed the guy on
Fifth Avenue so I guess we're gonna have
to let it go it's God's will no there's
no religious people who think that there
or let me let me put it in the uh the
simplest steps I don't think that people
think Trump is influencing
God I think God's in charge that would
be the view and he's doing what makes
sense for God it might be helping Trump
today it might be helping somebody else
tomorrow it might be preventing Trump
from doing something tomorrow but no it
doesn't mean that if somebody had some
touch with what other people believe is
is a brush with a Divine it doesn't mean
he's got a free pass does it is any body
here who's who's religious who feels
that God was involved who thinks that
therefore Trump has a free pass it's
just not it's just not part of any
philosophy that I'm aware
of yeah because God is God and Trump is
Trump and if they if they intersected
for a moment that doesn't make Trump God
nobody believes that so I think there's
a basic misunderstanding of what
religious people are feeling that's my
guess but you know I'm no expert um
but more to the point let me explain
Cults um a cult requires isolation of
the members and one of the things I
should have mentioned I can't remember
if I did if you're trying to hypnotize
let's say a shooter and to becoming an
assassin regular hypnosis won't get it
done and nobody's invented a drug
that'll turn somebody into an assassin
unless unless anti-depressants are doing
it and then it's
accidental um but what you can do is you
can isolate somebody and then you can
brainwash them any way you want if you
isolate somebody there's no limit to
what you can brainwash in No Limit you
can turn you can make them kill
themselves make them kill other people
now here are the examples this is well
known by the fact this is not just my
opinion this would be well understood by
everybody who studies this field um
there's something called Stockholm
syndrome where if you're captured and
kidnapped
you might come to identify with your
captors but that requires an extended
period where you're only you're only
exposed to their philosophies and not
any outside world so that's what
happened with Patty Hurst when The
symbionese Liberation Army kidnapped her
and then she was spotted helping them
rob a bank later and she said yeah I
just sort of got brainwashed into
thinking they made sense after a while
now that's a well-established thing so
before Patty Hurst it was already called
Stockholm syndrome so she didn't she
wasn't where it was invented it was
known before that and so we understood
why she could be co-opted that way now
if you look at Jim Jones and getting all
of his cult to commit suicide and uh
what's that other cult that was going
to go their souls were going to join the
meteor or something so whenever there's
a cult that convinces people to do
things that are clearly bad like suicide
or killing uh they're they're kept from
the rest of the public that's important
now I would argue that Democrats are
kept from the rest of the public meaning
that they only see the hoaxes now the
the Democrats do not have a cult to
personality there there's no cult to
personality around Biden Obama was a
little bit but he's out of the picture
at the moment so I would say neither of
them are
occult because one the the conservatives
and the people who support Trump see
both sides because in this case both
sides are the common narrative that
everybody sees but then they also see
what only Republicans see so Republicans
are not cut off from the world of
knowledge they see what they see plus
they see what Democrats see for the most
part but is it the other way do
Democrats see what Republicans see well
here's a good example Larry Wilmore was
on with Byron Donalds Byron Donalds is
Republican and sees the entire argument
on the other side and they were talking
about abortion Larry
Wilmore didn't even know the
argument Bill Maher had to remind Larry
Wilmore that the reason the
conservatives are against abortion is
that they believe it's
murder he didn't seem to know that
just wrap your head around that he he
thought it was more about wanting to
control women's bodies with big
government
um
uh
what how how could it be
2024 and a public figure Larry Wilmore
doesn't know the first thing about the
topic of
abortion he also thought that the
Supreme Court um made it
illegal um
no they kicked it to the
states where it
belonged and then the states can do
whatever they want so Larry Wilmore had
no awareness of the basics of it so when
Byron Dons donals was schooling him and
by the way Byron Donalds is great I mean
his future looks pretty strong I can see
him as being president
someday but he's just so strong on the
communication
so Byron Donalds starts schooling him
and what do you think uh Larry Wilmore
did I'll give you the if you didn't see
it yourself I'll give you the options he
listened quietly and then said wow I I
guess I was wrong about some of the key
things I'm going to have to go rethink
my opinion how many think
that how many think that he went crazy
and started talking over him in a
mocking way so that you couldn't hear
what by uh Byron Donald's was
saying Bing you guess correctly that's
right he literally wouldn't let him talk
because once he realized that if if
Byron Donalds did talk it would be
clearly showing that Larry Wilmore was
talking about a topic he didn't
understand even at a really basic level
so he just mocked him and talked over
him while he talked how often have you
seen that and by the way does that work
both
ways because I may be bias on this but
it feels like that's almost an entirely
a left leaning
strategy and here's the reason
why I think they don't know they've been
hoaxed well I guess that's what makes it
a good hoax um so they're they're
finding out their entire worldview is
wrong and I think they just can't handle
it and every time you see something like
this where his entire worldview was
wrong um he can only the only reaction
you could do in the moment is to make
sure people don't hear the other side
that's what
happened all right here's another one
how many Democrats do you think have
seen the compilation videos of all the
prominent Democrats saying that the
voting machines are
insecure how many of you have seen it
how many of you have seen the videos
where it's 20 minutes long 20 minutes of
10c bites of prominent Democrats from
Hillary Clinton you name it saying that
they don't trust voting machines because
they're not
secure all bet a lot of you have seen it
right so you would know that it's not a
left versus right issue that the left
very much didn't trust voting machines
and nothing changed did it did you hear
about any big update that changed why
they would trust voting machines
no nothing really changed but suddenly
as soon as as soon as uh as soon as
Trump says hey I don't trust this
election they all said well voting
machines I don't know why you're
questioning them we're going to sue
you now imagine if you were a Democrat
who had never seen that and that's my
point you would think oh man these
Republicans they keep questioning things
that shouldn't be
questioned so to me it's obvious where
the cult is the cult is the group that
doesn't have access access to all the
information now Republicans can be
wrong in other words they can look at
all the information and come up with a
conspiracy theory that's ridiculous very
common but they they're wrong in a
completely different way than the left
is the right tends to be wrong by you
know doing their own research and
finding some crazy things that they
believe and maybe falling for the
falling for the documentary effect is
the biggest problem I I would say on the
right when the right is wrong
is because they fell for a narrative
without seeing the
alternative but that's different from
not seeing the
news that's a little
different all right all right um
onethird of Democrats uh believe that
Trump staged his own assassination
attempt according to the Washington Free
Beacon what
oneir how how did they imagine that
conversation went when there when Trump
was planning his own
assassination can can you see him
meeting with the uh the shooter like a
few weeks before it's like look all you
have to do is Nick my ear right there
I'll turn my head like right at the last
minute so you want to you want to
squeeze squeeze the trigger when my head
is this way but as soon as you're
squeezing it I'll turn this way so it
Nicks my ear and we're going to make
this look like it's a much bigger deal
but it's really just a
trick well I don't think they believe
that exactly but you have to be pretty
far gone to think it was
staged I mean what do they think is
staged do they think that it wasn't
really the bullet that hit them
sometimes they're saying it was the it
was the broken glass from the
teleprompter but is that really
different if it if it it it's been
debunked but if it turned down it was
glass from the teleprompter and the
bullet was whizzing past his head and it
missed him by a foot instead of an inch
or at least the main part of his head by
an inch would that really radically
change the
story no but it definitely is not a it
definitely is not a staged event I mean
I can say that with some
confidence all
right here's a reframe for you
I'll let this one sink in this one's a
thinker you ready for
this if you registered for the political
party that wants both candidates to die
before the end of summer you should
maybe start asking some questions about
your point of
view think about
it the Democrats want Biden to get out
of the race and they wouldn't mind if he
died
early because they want to
win and they definitely wish that Trump
would maybe die of natural
causes so one of the parties is hoping
that both of the major candidates die
before the end of summer sort of I mean
they don't say it out loud but sometimes
they
do at least they say it about Trump so
if your political if your political
party has an unstated preference for
both of the candidates dying before the
end of summer you should really recheck
your
affiliations you should ask your
yourself huh am I in the right political
party CU they seem to at least
subconsciously want both candidates to
be dead before the end of summer that
doesn't feel like the healthiest
situation anyway uh AOC says the
Democrats want uh not only Biden to
leave but they want Harris to leave too
and that would be terrible and racist
and so she's calling them out for that
but uh I I was noting that AOC used to
be somewhat persuasively awesome even if
you hated her point of view but lately
she turned into just sort of silly and
ridiculous and I noted a big change and
I didn't know what that was about uh
Mike cernovich was noting that uh that
she had a Handler in the early days
which was well documented and that the
Handler left and that what we see now
now is the actual AOC and that she was
she was so empty all the time but she
had a good Handler so she would she
would do some good stunts and she would
get some good quotes in and she'd
reframe things well and uh apparently
all that was fake I mean that's that's
the uh assumption is that she lost her
her uh Guardian Angel and then we see
what she's really got going for not
much well the Heartland Institute did a
calculation of how much money us
households lost because of Joe Biden's
terrible energy plans it says $2,500 per
household per year since
2021 now do we believe that analysis
well
no I I I
guarantee that that's a sort of analysis
that you could maybe get in a
directional sense but no not super ACC
accurate because you put a lot of
assumptions into an analysis like that
uh but we do see that there seems to
be a set of policies that would somewhat
obviously increase your energy costs so
I don't think the directional part of it
is wrong uh you just have you know is it
2500 or 3500 or 600 that part's harder
to determine but uh yeah of course the
uh energy costs are higher but even more
there's another study by it's written up
in scite Tech daily that uh anxiety over
climate change might be costing
trillions of dollars in Lost
productivity
trillions now as bad as it is to pay
$2500 per household when you're already
struggling I mean if if you're in that
situation that's the worst thing but
here's here's why trillions are lost
because of uh anxiety over the climate
so it causes people to act
differently so you're not only going to
get you know sick and you know your your
mental health will decline so that
affects productivity it affects Health
Care affects everything but also you
won't have babies so make different
lifestyle choices and if you don't have
children the economy is going to become
China so one of the biggest reasons that
people are not having children is they
don't trust that the world is still
going to be here for their children so
they opt out that is a trillion dooll
problem now this again you know if if
you're going to say but Scott did they
accurately calculate that it's two
trillion or is it maybe only half a
trillion well that's a good question I
don't think you can get more accurate
than it's really really really expensive
beyond that you know the the trillion is
just maybe a framing it in the biggest
possible sense which I think is probably
legitimate
because if it causes the um the
population replacement rate to drop
below replacement for a long time we're
dead and that is a multi-trillion dollar
problem for sure so yes I do believe
that it's trillions that we're talking
about because of fear of climate change
that may be
overstated because climate models are
not
real they're not science
either ladies and gentlemen this brings
me to the conclusion in the speed round
of all the things happening look at that
my timing is not too bad so it's
Saturday and it's going to be a
beautiful day in most places and you're
going to go out and have the greatest
day and let me tell you you know as you
know I've talked about it too much I had
a real bad day the other day with some
food poisoning so today my first day
where i'm you know truly 100% oh my god
do I feel good
oh my god there nothing feels better
than not feeling bad boy on once you
feel once you understand what feeling
bad feels like like really bad when
that's over oh oh my
goodness but the and the funny thing is
you get your appetite back at the same
time and then you just become
ravenous after after I think I had 100
calories and and like like 40 hours or
something so I was starving but I just
couldn't eat but when I could oh my god
did that feel
good Felt So Good World the world is
about contrast people every now and then
you have to remind yourself how bad it
could be so you can enjoy how good it is
so remember could be a lot worse so
enjoy your day I'm going to talk
privately to the locals people but for
everybody on YouTube and x and Rumble
thanks for joining see you
tomorrow
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e e