but it fit boo pum pum pum pum pum pum
pum pum pum pum well good morning
everybody some of you are sleeping in
because here in the United States of
America you know what day it is it's the
fourth of frickin July that's right it's
the anniversary the birth of our
independence or at least the Declaration
of it or whatever that is and it's time
for coffee I've gone to the big bug the
bug that's almost as big as my head
you could go smaller that would be okay
but join me if you will for the
simultaneous sip hmm that is some good
patriotic simultaneous sipping right
there whoo so happy birthday America I
always like to once again thank the
founders of this country for creating a
system that works really well I'm not
sure there's not a better way to do
things but what they created hundreds of
years ago
pretty darn robust why do I say that
well let me give you an example let's
say you had a problem where your
government was doing something that
people didn't like for example putting
children in cages temporarily when
they're separated from their parents at
the border what would we expect to
happen in that situation well if we had
a bad system and a dictator that
dictator might say children in cages
I don't care let's just leave them there
we'll put more children in cages if you
had a dictator and you had a bad system
well we don't have that what we have is
a system that works like this the press
puts a spotlight on this problem and
says hey children and cages yes there
were children in cages in the prior
administration as well but the number of
people who came is much larger now
because this hole will bring your
children with you thing works and so
there were more of them now and so the
press says this problem was used to be
small and now it's big we care do
something about it and then the public
looked at it and the public spoke out as
one be they Democrats be they
Republicans be they independents they
pretty much all said the same thing
children in cages separated from their
parents not ideal that is not ideal we
must change that and so the public spoke
is one and the government wanting to be
reelected wanting to have a good midterm
election wanting to have a good
reputation said okay people it's not
going to be easy but we're gonna sign a
sign a executive order and get on it
will happen right away because things
don't happen right away there's their
real-world constraints in the real world
and so what we saw with the whole
immigration border a thing is a system
built hundreds of years ago pre-internet
pre-digital everything this still works
still works it did exactly what it was
supposed to do now you can say the
people in this story didn't do
everything they were supposed to do you
could say there are weasels in the media
you can say there are weasels on the
other side whichever side you're on
you could say there are people who
should have been on this before you
could say there are a hundred ways this
should have been better and not have
happened but today we're talking about
the system the system worked it worked
perfectly hundreds of years ago the
system was created and it reached
through time and it worked so let's
celebrate that
let's celebrate the system that once
again
works now let's talk about Trump
derangement syndrome a little bit so I
yeah it was a new poll saying something
like I don't know half the people in the
United States think the president is a
racist now I tweeted my blog post that
explains the two movies side-by-side so
you can see that with each of these
pieces of quote evidence that he's a
racist you can see that the other movie
doesn't see it because there's an
alternate explanation which is far more
ordinary and you can see the ordinary
explanation next to the hysteria
explanation and here's here's the funny
thing and the reason I wanted to to talk
about it so I got pushback from people
who said oh sure Scott maybe you can
explain a few of those things that make
the president look like a racist but how
in the world are you going to explain
all of them are you telling me that
they're all a coincidence sure if it was
one or two things maybe you could change
my mind that we saw those wrong but so
many things could it be possible what is
the other explanation for why there are
so many things yes somebody's already
added me confirmation bias
but it's not confirmation bias allowed
in this case confirmation bias by itself
absolutely would not get you to where we
are what you need is also an enemy press
you need a coordinated press who's
simultaneously say what's the worst
thing we can say about this president to
make him look like a racist and then
whenever an opportunity comes up they
they they gather around it and they make
it they make it the story now here's the
interesting part probably every person
who who came at me and in the Internet
today and other
says the same thing they say you people
on the right are completely hypnotized
by your Fox News and your bright Bart's
and your and your judge reports you half
of the country are in a dream world
created by your media but how lucky we
are that we have the media that serves
us up exactly what we want but it's all
objective how lucky how lucky it was the
half of the world is serving up complete
 that is hypnotizing its its
watchers but half of the world is not oh
god I'm so lucky I'm in the good half EA
do you know who else thinks that are in
the good half everybody
everybody thinks they're in the good
half now I've said before that the
winning team tends to be a little less
delusional than the losing team because
the losing team has to explain not only
the facts but why they thought they were
so smart but everything's going wrong on
their end right so that's a whole
trigger that they need to get past the
people who are winning started thinking
hey my candidates good and then their
candidate won their world is still
intact then they say I think my good
candidate will make the economy go well
and then the economy is going well and
so the people on the right say well that
makes sense
that's exactly what I expected and on
and on on the left they have to explain
why everything they predict goes wrong
how can you be wrong about everything
about the economy about North Korea
about you name it they're wrong other
than anybody's ever been wrong probably
ever you know it might be a historical
wrongness I don't know how you measure
that sort of thing but it feels like
there are more people wrong about what
they expect to happen next and then can
clearly see that it didn't happen
then maybe ever ever in the history of
the world that's possible no way to be
sure that but it's possible and so when
people say to me how can it be true that
there are so many of these examples it's
easy the simplest explanation is the
half of the half of the country is
seeing all the time
all the time relentless continuous
non-stop from half the country
all the time and you know what's
happening in the other half of the
country well still a lot of
quite a bit of but not as bad
now if suddenly a Democrat came to
office let's say let's say you project
into the future and I know you don't
even want to think about this but
suddenly it's President Kamala Harris
whatever a year you want to think into
the future at that point the people on
the right are just going to flip out and
they're going to be the ones suffering
the hysteria it's just not happening
right now
right now the right is you know they've
got their own little bubble stuff going
on but it's a very small bubble compared
to what's happening on the left
should the left take power the bubbles
will flip all right so at the moment to
those of you who are Trump supporters I
don't believe you're in the bubble
because your side is winning so you
don't have a trigger to make you crazy
you're seeing the world just the way you
expected it the other side is not all
right bubble flip yes how do we reduce
TDS well the only way to reduce it is to
keep violating it so there have to be
enough examples to violate TDS that you
could you could make you know make the
case that look it's obvious now look at
all these examples that don't go
your interpretation of the world there
are a few of those now but not nearly
enough it would have to be something big
now I'm watching with great interest the
I guess the administration's recent
ruling that they were going to reverse
some Obama instructions about how to
deal with college and college admissions
and the idea is that Asians and whites
are being what would you call
discriminated against in favor of other
candidates because of racial I don't
know quotas or or rules or priorities or
something so there's no question that
the old rule was racist because it was
it was actually designed to be you know
nobody was hiding the fact that the rule
was meant to be racist in terms of
college admission but the argument if
we're being fair the argument is that a
little bit of racism and college
administration can get you to a better
or less racist more fairer world I'm not
taking a side of that I'm just saying
that that was the argument and so the
president has decided to go the other
way and just say no to racism now like
most things and for those of you stayed
with me I'll get to my good point have
you noticed that the world will treat
this latest decision about how to treat
college admissions in terms of race
they'll treat it as a binary they're
going to say that's a good idea or
that's a terrible idea and you're a big
ol racist right you know there's no
doubt that that's how it's going to be
treated it's either a right and fair or
you're a big ol racist there's no such
thing as gray areas or in between in
this case I would like to put the
following frame on this if I may there
in this great arc of racism where we
have let's say
you do it in the right direction where
you're you know starting with maximum
racism back in let's say that the days
of the pre Civil War and the Civil War
where you had actual slavery maximum
racism and then you you know civil wars
over you don't have slavery but things
are still really bad and then you've got
the silver rights movement and that
helps a lot and things are getting
better and better
and it's approaching it's approaching
fair right it starts way up here let's
let's do this racism big problem civil
war civil rights movement people getting
a more awake more aware Obama's
president's getting smaller at some
point in that path from horrible to fair
somewhere around here your best strategy
is to get rid of the artificial rules
you don't want to wait until things are
equal because if you've waited until
there actually is something like
equality and at the same time you've got
rules favoring one over the other that's
actually worse for the people who are
favored why how would you like to be
black get a college education get your
college education you graduate and then
everybody who sees your college degree
thinks probably not quite qualified
might have might have got a little help
there how the hell would you like that
you wouldn't like that a bit so my point
is that the right time to get rid of
these artificial artificial what would
you call them rules about racism is not
when you've achieved equality that's too
late if you're being smart and you want
to do what's best for both sides or all
sides in this case you want to get rid
of the artificial constraints just short
of fairness just before you're fair
because that's how you get the last part
uh-uh you you need to you need to get
rid of the artificial constraints so
that the people who were helped to buy
them can close that last gap just by
effort and hard work you know because
you want to get to the finish line equal
you don't want to get to the finish line
equal with an Asterix all right
you don't want an asterisks on your
equality so at some point you've got to
get rid of the artificial rules get rid
of the aspects let people just compete
on quality and whether the outcomes come
out exactly the same or not they
probably won't just because you know
nothing is ever completely equal but so
the question should be on the so getting
back to the college race requirement
rules getting back to that the question
should not be should we take these rules
the Obama rules off or should we keep
them it's the wrong question here's the
right question is it the right time to
take the rules off because there is a
time to take the rules off to just say
look what race doesn't count anymore you
know we got close enough not equal not
equal but close enough so it's just
smarter to let to take the asterisks off
because there are a whole bunch of
completely qualified minorities getting
into college on total skill hard work
doing all the right things and those
poor bastards are graduating with an
asterisk that's not good because there's
always going to be that little doubt
yeah that's a Harvard degree but did
they get a little help getting into
Harvard
that's an aspects on your degree you
don't want that alright so here's the
point I don't know
and I don't know that anybody's smart
enough to know when is the exact right
time to take the Asterix off its before
you get completely even it's somewhere
here and we might be there we might not
be but that's what we should be arguing
we should be debating whether or not
it's time to take the rules off not
whether rules should be taken off yes or
no all right it's not a yes no it's a
now or wait that's all it is as soon as
you think of it in terms of yes no
you've missed the entire argument you
you're completely you're completely
missing the whole conversation it is a
path and at some point the Asterix needs
to come off for everybody we might not
be there and that would be an argument I
would certainly listen to or we might be
close enough that you know doing it now
is gonna gonna get you to where you want
to be but you know let's let's not be
giving black people degrees with
asterisks on them forever all right
there was a time when it made perfect
sense
I'd have to say and by the way let me
let me give you some background on my
own experience a number of you have read
this in my book etc back in the where
was a late 80s and early 90s I was
working for a bank and I was you know
picked to be you know a higher
management person yeah I was identified
as somebody who was going to work their
way up the ranks I had the right
education etc and my boss called me into
her office one day and told me that the
company was getting a lot of pressure
because they didn't have any diversity
in upper management they didn't have
enough women I think there was one one
woman in upper management and zero
minorities and so the press noticed that
put some pressure on the company which
was a big Bank Crocker Bank at the time
and my boss called me in her office and
said look
let me get rid of the racist here and
said I have to be honest with you the
order came down we can't we can't
promote any white males and that and
some people don't believe that they told
me this directly but I promise you they
told me that directly we can't promote
you because you're white and male and
there's nothing we can do about it
because the order has come down that we
need to have some diversity and senior
management so I I quit because it wasn't
it wasn't my job to make the world a
better place it was my job in a
capitalist world to maximize my own my
own situation and it wasn't going to
happen there and and by the way I always
I always appreciated that they told me
that directly imagine if they hadn't
told me that imagine if I had to just
like imagine you know maybe I'd not
working hard enough
why is my career not going right I
thought I'd be promoted by now so I
always appreciated the honesty so I quit
and then I went to work for the phone
company Pacific Bell at the time the
local phone company and I got on the
management track and as soon as I got on
the management track I was like yeah I'm
gonna get promoted to the big time I was
finishing my MBA you know and the
evenings at Berkeley so I had a Berkley
MBA I had you know some decent job
experience by then that was an
up-and-comer I said the right things I
wore the right clothes and I was on on
the track they put me on the management
fast track and then my boss called me
into my office and said exactly the same
thing the bank told me well we just got
busted by the press who had just noticed
that we have no diversity and senior
management and until further notice
which could be god knows how many years
we can't promote you because you're a
white male and again and I promise you
this was said to me directly white male
you can't get promoted and we don't know
when this will
or change alright so what did I do
I started a comic strip on the side and
that became dilmer now so that worked
out for me now for most people things
aren't gonna work out as well as they
did for me but here's here's my larger
point of this when I tell this story and
you know for years I couldn't even tell
the story can you imagine this if those
of you were younger I can't put your
head you can't really put your head in
those times if you're younger you had to
be there but imagine that I couldn't
even tell you that story for I don't
know 15 or 20 years because even telling
the story would have made me look like a
racist you're hearing this right if I
had told the story of how I had been
racially discriminated against and lost
two promising careers I would have been
called a racist for being racially
discriminated against that's what it was
like in those times it's not like that
today so today I can tell you the story
as I just did but let me play let me put
my spin on it spin I guess was wrong
word during these times when I lost two
careers to racism you know sort of an
industrial racism that was intentional I
didn't feel as bad as you might imagine
because it was true that we didn't have
any diversity and it is a better world
if we have some so I do buy into the I
mean I completely buy into the the goal
which is to have a diverse successful
society in which we just stop talking
about all that stuff you know we do it
just stops mattering like I want to live
in a world where we just don't even have
the freakin conversation and the only
way to get there in the beginning was
with something closer to brutal
right so what happened to me was I was
on the other end of the brute force they
had to really force some rule changes to
you know allow some people in the door
that we're having trouble getting in you
know promoting people up supporting them
etc and now there's a ton more diversity
in in all of those companies today if it
happened you know if I were working in a
corporation and somebody called me into
their office today and said we can't
promote you because you're a white male
today that's a lawsuit right I would
walk out of the office with with my
phone in my hand calling my lawyer
if it happened in 2018 because it's a
lot easier for you know people to get a
you know get a you know good a grip in a
corporate world and work their way up
and I think there are a lot more people
who are really trying to coach and
mentor and do the right thing for you
know minorities and for women and
everything else so it's a different
world today my point being that when
things were terrible there were
literally no minorities represented in
senior management in these two companies
when things were that bad you did sort
of need a big blunt instrument you know
the way to fight a fire sometimes is
with a fire the way that they dealt with
racism was with more racism it was just
sort of a you could call it a productive
racism if you will in other words they
discriminated hard against white people
temporarily in in the long arc of
history it was temporary seemed like
forever if you were living it but they
were trying to write something and when
it got a little closer to right where it
is now it's nowhere near you know any
kind of equal representation but I would
say at this point if you were if you
were black or female and you wanted a
job in corporate
America it would be a fairly easy thing
if you had the qualifications so I think
the it's a different world
so my point being that the tools you use
have to adjust for how big the problem
is if you've got a slavery you need a
big tool like a civil war oh my god
that's that's like you know extreme and
then when you've got still a big problem
but it's civil rights maybe you need to
March some people are gonna get hurt
social disobedience it's a big tool but
it's not as big as a civil war and now
when civil rights have been successful
at least in directionally successful
you've got a smaller difference and
Obama said well I'm gonna deal with the
smaller difference by telling colleges
hey colleges you can take race into
account in some special ways and maybe
that'll help get you a little closer to
equality and then President Trump says
all right
in his opinion we're close enough not
equal everything everybody doesn't have
equal stuff but we're close enough that
it's time to take the asterisks off the
degrees of the people who earned real
degrees by doing all the right stuff
they don't get an asterisks anymore
that's that's not helping all right so
that's that sort of your final step is
to take the asterisks off and that's
where we are or at least that's where
the argument should be the argument
should be are we at the take the
asterisks step off or not that's a fair
discussion but if we're treating this as
a yes or no about these college rules
it's the wrong discussion
all right I don't like that you discount
my degree because of my color well I'm
telling you that we want to be in a
world where that's not even a question
and right now we're in a world where
there is a question and that doesn't
seem fair to me so if you're saying that
I'm discounting it that you're missing
the point it's not about me I'm saying
that the world wants to look at your
degree and say oh yeah a degree is a
degree yeah nobody wants to feel the the
invisible aspects
degrees are overrated somebody says I
agree I agree about that hey here's a
here's an idea I've been thinking about
I've been thinking about this for years
but I think finally the technology has
reached the point where it works I'm
thinking about creating my own college
course you know maybe I'd call it the
the Scott Adams College course and it
would be a collection of books you
should read or classes you should take
to have to have what I would call a
great education that would make you a
powerful a powerful citizen who could go
in a lot of directions and yeah it would
be all of it would be free or low-cost
you know meaning the price of a book so
I could say for example if you've read
all of these books and you've taken
these online classes all of this stuff
being low-cost that I give you the Scott
Adams degree now at the moment the Scott
Adams excuse me the Scott Adams degree
would not be a great brand right so my
brand is not strong enough to make this
idea work but now imagine it's Warren
Buffett or it's Bill Gates or it's Elon
Musk all right so so imagine now then
than me and I don't have I don't have
that kind of credibility that somebody
seriously credible says let's take
Warren Buffett he's my favorite example
let's say Warren Buffett or Jeff Bezos
for example someone who is unambiguously
successful and knows a lot and they say
all right here's the Warren Buffett
class you got to read these 50 books
it's a lot it's gonna be a lot of books
right it's not gonna be six books but
you got to read these fifty books and
you got to take these online classes and
when you're done I Warren Buffett would
totally hire you in a heartbeat if
you've done all those things all right
so that would be do you say Jordan
Peterson was working on this that would
be interesting now it might be that
people like me or Jordan Peterson or
anybody else who's interested could
start putting together their own
curriculum if you will and in the short
run it's just something that people say
oh that's that's a good information
about what to read and the long run
maybe it's worth something so in the
long run maybe we can make our brands
worth something Tim Ferriss would be a
perfect example of someone who has
credibility and could have a curriculum
Peter teal and Jordan Peterson are
working on this like actually working
together or working separately you
should post your 50 books I'm not sure I
have 50 books you know it's the sort of
thing if I were going to do this I
wouldn't do it casually I would do I'd
have to read the books first and then
make sure there were the right 50 books
all right focusing on the humanity is
just reading your comments or like a
trade product yeah Talib's books chill
Dini
yeah lot of us have brands that are not
general so if if you wanted let's say a
business degree then you you'd want
something like a Warren Buffett business
degree
so his recommendations would be around
things that are specifically business
good for business
you know jury you can imagine Jordan
Peterson doing something specifically
around the humanities and you could
imagine me doing something specifically
around persuasion and you know success
and stuff like that alright get Tom
Sowell involved i I downloaded some of
Thomas Souls books when I was traveling
and I didn't get to them but he's I
think he's next on my list of stuff to
read after I read Greg Gutfeld new book
[Music]
value investing yeah Carmen Simon yes
she could write a she could have a
curriculum as well
yeah navall Brava can't he would he
could come up with a curriculum alright
so that's all for now and I hope that
you're getting go off and have an
absolutely terrific 4th of July for
those of you in other countries I guess
you just have a day of work today I feel
sorry for you because we'll be having a
good time watching fireworks and
drinking too much today and bye for now