well there you are it's about time you
got here you know what's coming a show
yeah that's right a
show and we're almost
[Music]
[Music]
ready good morning everybody and welcome
to the highlight of human civilization
it's called coffee with Scott Adams and
you've never had a better time but if
you'd like to take this experience up to
levels that nobody can even understand
with their tiny shiny human brains all
you need for that is a cuper Mugger a
glass of tanker gel a sty Canen jger
flask a v little of any kind fill it
with your favorite liquid I like coffee
and join me now for the unparallel
pleasure the dopamine here the day the
thing makes everything better it's
called the simultaneous sip today with
extra oxytocin
go oh that's good by the way for those
of you who have not figured it out this
isn't really the show that you watch to
get the most accurate news
reports although we try our
best uh this is the live stream you
watch because you like having a a secret
friend so I'm like your friend who you
don't have much to say but your friend
is very talkative so you just sort of
let them run on while you're getting
about your your
business so that's what I am I'm your
invisible secret friend yeah just for
you now let's talk about some things uh
would you be surprised that there's some
new science about coffee that's good for
you yes in Parade
Magazine uh in case you wonder it does
hydrate you so some people say don't
drink coffee because you'll pee too much
and you'll be dehydrated no the science
says that for regular amounts of coffee
if you don't have too much that uh it
adds more to your hydration than it
subtracts so it's good for
you did you know how many people around
the US and even around the
world um do not drink coffee let me see
it's a well-known one under drug that's
good for you in almost every possible
way that a thing could be good for
you um what percentage of the world
would not would not do the thing that's
universally good for everybody what
percent would not yeah that's right
that's right 27% is the exact
number a quarter of the country will get
every question wrong doesn't matter what
the question is and this is the case 73%
of Americans drink coffee every day so
27% you got some explaining to
do and you'd be amazed to know there's a
breakthrough in EV batteries another one
yes in this case wonderful engineering
is
reporting that they've got a battery now
that's uh I think it's a regular lithium
but they souped it up so they got 5
million miles on One battery and 20,000
charges
and it's so robust that it might if they
can get to the point where it lasts
longer than the
car then you can throw the rest of the
car away take the battery out and it
might be let's say 80% still useful and
just use as a like a battery backup for
your house so think about that there
might be a market coming
for repurposing batteries that came out
of your car you just use them at your
house maybe
um what I think they really need to do
is develop a battery made entirely from
coffee CU if you've been paying
attention coffee can do it all so I'm
pretty sure you can make a battery out
of coffee that would be
better Elon mus said yesterday on on X
he predicted that 98% of vehicles will
be electric
eventually what do you think do you
think 98% of the vehicles would become
electric and that there there will still
be gas powered cars but it be kind of
like using a flip phone somebody's going
to do it but it'll be
rare uh I think so you know if you if
you had not listened to my live stream
every day and I don't know why you
wouldn't you wouldn't know that there's
a breakthrough in Battery Technology
just about every day and if we keep
having breakthroughs and batteries it
kind of guarantees that all of your cars
are going to be electric because the the
economics are all just moving in One
Direction it's not like gas is getting
that much cheaper but electricity it
might if we build enough nuclear power
plants and do that kind of stuff but I'd
like to use this as an
example of a investment
approach so I don't know if I've heard
anybody talk about this investment
approach now I don't give investment
advice specific investment advice so
I'll just put this out as a hypothesis
but it's one I've used and it seems to
work it goes like this if you're trying
to pick winning
companies you're probably going to lose
like I 95% of the time you might get
lucky uh you might get lucky 5% of the
time but you're going to lose about 95%
of the time so in general you should get
an index fund and diversify and just let
it do what it do what it does
but there's one thing I've been tracking
for my entire life to see if it would be
an investment
opportunity and there's one thing that
appears to me to work way more than half
of the
time and that is that when there's a
one-time
change in the economy if you bet on the
strongest company that's involved in
that onetime change like I mean one time
ever like will never happen again um
then you could probably make money for
example in the early days of personal
computers there was only one time in
human history when personal computers
would go from nobody has one to
everybody has one that's only only once
in human history that'll happen so if
you were to find the strongest company
in that domain which would have been
hard because a lot of them were coming
and going but if you'd put your money in
say D or Apple you probably would have
had a winner like a a really big winner
imagine if you put early money into Dell
computers or apple now if you'd put your
early money into
IBM IBM got end of that business but
even the IBM stock did pretty well so
then the cell phones came along um the
you know the well first before there
were smartphones there were just the
small cell
phones and I worked for the phone
company and I said to myself huh the
there will only be one time in human
history when people go from their
landlines to a handheld phone so if you
were to invest in any of those major
phone companies that were rolling out
cell cell phones you would have made a
lot of money and probably two out a
three of companies that you picked in
that domain would have been winners then
there was the
internet uh I remember at the at the
birth of the internet when it was was
called the worldwide and nobody even
knew the words for it um I asked an
engineer what should I invest in to like
get in the bottom floor of this internet
thing it looks like it could be big and
the engineer said uh
Cisco and I said what's that he said
well they make these things called you
know Network blah blah blah and I didn't
buy those I didn't buy that stock if I
if IID bought Netscape before you had
ever heard of the word internet
literally literally you would never even
heard of it yet do you know how much
money I would have made on that one time
ever change in society so then the
smartphone comes
along you know you could you could be
forgiven if you didn't think it was
going to be a hit because the first
smartphones were terrible but it was the
one time in human history that we would
move to smartphones so if you bought
Apple stock boy would you be happy these
onetime
changes um so that's that's what I see
with electric vehicles and it's what I
see with Tesla so Tesla is the leading
company in a thing that will happen only
once in human history which is gas
automobiles will you know be dismissed
in favor of
electric so I don't give investment
advice but I would point out that if you
can find anything that's going to happen
only once in human history and it's
unavoidable and it's definitely going to
happen
you probably have a two out of three
chance of picking a super winner out at
the lot it's not it's not
100% but it would go from a coin flip to
two out of three I think pretty
quickly all
right um according to study finds
climate change was greatly overestimated
because oceans cool the Earth in more
than way one way so one of the ways that
apparently we did not realize until
recently is that uh the ocean puts off
sulfur gas produced by the marine life I
don't know if it's fish farting or what
they're doing but some kind of marine
life puts off sulfur and apparently
that's a
really uh a really powerful chemistry to
put into the atmosphere because it
produces a lot of cooling more than
you'd think I guess now how many times
have I read you a story about a major
variable that had been missed in climate
change and now they have to put it in
there but now now everything will be
good I mean it was almost perfect but
now we made this little tweak even
better um it feels to me that our
confidence in the in the
models tell me if I'm wrong the
confidence the science had in their
models when they had oh let's say 10
major variables completely wrong is
exactly the same as their current
confidence when they believe they've
accurately added 10 more variables and
surprisingly it didn't really change the
model at
all now if you know what to look for in
terms of scams I don't this one couldn't
be could not be screaming any louder
that the the climate models are are
basically
 now what I'm not saying because
I know I'll get quoted in a context I'm
not saying the Earth isn't warming I
would know how would I know and and I'm
not saying that humans have nothing to
do with it again how would I know the
only only thing I know is what science
tells me and science is so so lying
about anything important that it's like
nothing happened it's as if science
didn't even weigh in has no credibility
whatsoever at this point so when I look
at climate models and you see that they
keep adding major variables major
variables like oh we didn't realize the
sun was doing all this and oh the cloud
cover and oh it turns out that the
oceans in at least three different ways
is more of a counteracting of heat than
we thought so if you ever see that the
model worked when it was all completely
different and amazingly it still works
now after you've changed all the
assumptions that's
 that's one of two
things should happened after 10 years of
finding out we have major major variable
problems either they should have said
who it looks like it's way less of a
problem than we thought or oh damn this
is a a much bigger problem than we
thought we're we're going to be dead in
six years not 12 but what are the odds
that you can change all the assumptions
going into your model and the model
stays the same for 20
years yeah that's
well those New Jersey drones and I guess
other places too just gets more
interesting uh as you know Senator van
Drew from New Jersey believes he has
good sources that said they the drones
were being released every night from an
Iranian Mother Ship parked off the
coast the Pentagon said quote there's no
so-called Mother Ship launching drones
toward the United States and I believe I
heard that Andrew has doubled down and
says that uh that there are there are
drones coming out of an ranian ship he
believes his sources I believe that vanw
probably is getting Kracken meaning
somebody is feeding
him some lies so that he disgraces
himself in public and becomes less
electable because of it so it feels like
somebody's playing a dirty trick on him
but I can't be sure it's just what it
looks like
so here's what's the funny things I
think it's
funny that the American public I saw
some people asking this question I
wondered if it was influenced by me but
I saw some people asking the question um
government uh government I have have a
question if you say you you know that
the drones are not from a foreign
adversary and you also know that they're
not
dangerous how could you know they're not
dangerous and also know that they're not
from a foreign adversary unless you know
what they
are is that is that not the right
question unless you do know what they
are you can't tell us they're not coming
from a foreign adversary because that
means
you you either know what they are or you
don't if you don't know what they are
then you also don't know how dangerous
they are is is that not common sense
now if they had said to
us um well we do have a way of knowing
they're not dangerous for example if
they said yeah we we can tell they're
made of balls of wood and it looks like
a hobbyist I'd say oh okay and that's a
good reason to say it doesn't sound like
an adversary or dangerous but they're
not saying that they're they're not
giving you any indication that they have
even a
clue what these are but they know
they're not dangerous and also the air
is not full of military assets trying to
bring them down Andor figure out what
they
are do you need any more evidence that
these are US military tests now the US
military might not own the drones it
might be the vendors still own them and
they're just
demonstrating uh or they could be from
another you know maybe it's a product of
another country's military that's allied
with us could be a NATO country that has
drones and they're testing them out and
seeing if we want to get in on them and
you know maybe recommend them for NATO
or something but it's definitely
us do you all agree the drones is us
it's got to be American drones it's got
to be military because otherwise the
military would be up there shooting them
down so here here's the other thing that
i' I've heard that's just
crazy uh that they're invisible to
people in
helicopters come
on come on really
they're invisible only to people in
helicopters that you you you mean the
easiest way that you could go up and
check what's going on a helicopter
they're invisible you can see them
clearly from the ground for Miles they
have lights on them they have running
lights you know like a regular
commercial drone and you telling me that
the helicopters can't see them so so
apparently America is trying out our
helicopter only invisibility cloak oh
yeah you can see them from the ground
but boy you get in a helicopter
nothing the the Ridiculousness that
we're being set up with here is crazy
it's crazy that we're being asked to
believe
this now um here's what oh here's the
other thing that's making me laugh the
when the drones come out it's between
four and 11:00 p.m.
nightly between 4:00 and 11:00 p.m. is
exactly the time that a human being
would want to test something at night
after 11 o'clock everybody wants to go
home right because they have families
and stuff so you don't want to go past
11: and you want to wait till it's dark
you start around 4 or 5 it's so
obviously Americans testing
these if if it were one person or an
attack do you think it would stick to uh
evening hours between 4: and 11: you you
don't think they'd do a little attacking
after midnight if it was some kind of
like clever plot or if it were hobbyists
you think all the hobbyists go home at
11
o'clock no it's obviously a group of
people because they've agreed as a group
what the starting time is and what the
ending time is you would not get this
consistency if it were one person or a
military thing or something that was
trying to be unpredictable but you would
definitely get uh let's do this from 4
to 11 everybody good with that yeah yeah
we know we have to do it at night don't
want to go past 11 yeah 4 to 11 sounds
good so yes we know it's a group of
Americans deciding what time to do it so
it's the military um they also say that
the drones can't be detected by
radio now what does that mean that mean
that they can't Jam them and they don't
get a signal that tells them it's been
controlled from afar because here's what
I think one of the things they might be
testing is AI
navigation meaning that they're not
using GPS and for the time that it's
over the residential area where maybe
you could check for the radio signals um
that it's not using any so it might be
flying
independently under the direction of
whoever sent it but using an AI to
decide what to do and how to get back so
that would make sense I mean obviously
obviously if you had an advanced drone
the thing you would definitely be
testing is can somebody detect your
radio signal in jamet so makes
sense anyway um here's what I think we
should do we should demand the
resignation of The Joint Chiefs of Staff
because they seem to have demonstrated
and told with complete Clarity that
there's no Homeland
defense am I
right they have proven if if we were to
take them
seriously if we take the military
seriously that they're not their
drones which is trying to tell us that
they're not involved but they don't say
that because they're involved
obviously we should we should call their
Bluff and say oh my God we have no home
we have no defense of our skies in the
Homeland whatsoever so this this tells
us that we wouldn't know if there's an
Iranian Mothership and we wouldn't we
wouldn't be able to shoot down anything
that's predictable and small and and
helpless we wouldn't be able to shoot
them down that would indicate we have no
Homeland defense
whatsoever which we found out a little
bit in 911 didn't we didn't you think
that in 911 there would be you know at
the first first sign of trouble the the
US military would be in the air and
shooting down any trouble well maybe
they shot down one maybe they didn't
depending what what you believe about
the one that went down in
Pennsylvania and and then the Chinese
spy balloon comes over and it looks like
again we have no air defense
whatsoever is it possible that the
country has no air
defense I think it is I think that's
actually possible that the United States
has no defense whatsoever and it's also
possible that we don't need one
because if anybody came and bombed the
American
Homeland they would you know evaporate a
day later so it would never make sense
for anybody to attack the US Homeland if
if we could determine who they were and
that would be just suicide so maybe we
don't need any it could be that the
military people said you know what you
know if anybody attacks us we'll destroy
their entire Homeland in five minutes so
they probably won't
know but they're pretending as if we
have no Homeland defense whatsoever and
I think that's a firing offense
inflation is up more than people thought
if you believe statistics which I don't
so I'm not even going to talk about that
I don't believe economic
statistics um there's new uh there's new
Pete Heth hoax that fortunately got
debunked in time so apparently West
Point's public affairs office uh lied to
a publication called
prua and they they said that P hegf NE
never even applied to West Point I guess
P had said he had applied but didn't go
there um and it turns out that Heth
actually
kept the the letter that he got in
1999 uh that was an West Point
acceptance
letter he actually had it he actually
kept the record
when does that ever happen and and I
guess proa tried twice you know to
follow up to make sure that um West
Point really really checked the records
and they really knew for sure that he
had not
applied and they swore that he had not
applied and then he showed the letter
that showed he'd applied and was
accepted well if you haven't seen it yet
there's a clip going around by the
trigonometry podcast guys that is just
really good I I highly recommend it I'm
going to give you the highlights but
they had a a British academic smart guy
a Rafe hadel
Manu and he was trying to explain why
the West has apparently you the western
civilization has apparently had more
genius and exceptionalism than a lot of
other places now
this is what he says I'm not so sure
that we've got all the genius and
exceptionalism I don't know about that
but what he says about it is
fascinating so hydrated good coffee what
he says
is that one of the reasons the West um
did well and last several hundred years
is that the Catholic Church banned
cousin marriages
did you know that that was a little bit
of History I wasn't aware of um I mean I
knew that we don't do cousant marriages
but I didn't know that there was some
specific you know point at which history
turned on that but I guess the Catholic
church at one point banned cousin
marriages
now this part is a little unclear to me
but if I understand it once you've
banned cousin
marriages um you're going to drift
toward nuclear family am that are not
related to the rest of your family so in
other words you would move from
something that's more tribal where
literally you keep things in the family
so to speak to where you forge out on
your own and you become a little nuclear
family and then you got to figure out
how to make it you know without the the
big tribal support now if you're trying
to make it as a family unit you will
necessarily need to rely on non-family
people I'll call them straight Rangers
but there are people that you meet uh
who make deals with you so I'll grow
some food I'll give you money for it you
work here I'll pay you basically a high
trust
society and so I've always wondered
about this I always wondered
how the United States and some other
Western countries have a situation where
if somebody says they'll do some work
they usually do it and you usually pay I
mean every now and then you get a bad
egg but basically we trust
strangers like our entire economy is not
completely trusting them like we'll do
what we can to protect ourselves but
ultimately you do have to trust
strangers and and so the family unit
which was caused by an end to cousin
marriages causes more uh Trust of
strangers which creates a far more
dynamic system for inventing stuff
and he and uh Rafe said that uh I don't
know if this is true but he said 75% of
the world still has cousin
marriages does that sound right 75% of
the world has cousin marriages that
sounds High to me are you telling me
that
China China has routinely cousin
marriages if it does I didn't know that
I mean I'm not saying it doesn't but
that sounds
high he also says 90% of the world uh
doesn't have the same notion of
exclusive nuclear
families that doesn't sound right
either I thought the vast majority of
modern you know not just Western but any
any modern country I thought most of
them had nuclear families as their core
am I wrong about that so there's some
stuff about this I don't fully
understand
but I would note and because I know
you're going to be shouting it in the
comments I know you you're going to be
saying in the comments that the end of
cousin marriages probably increased the
IQ of the people who banned cousin
marriages compared to the ones who are
still marrying their cousins that's what
you're going to say isn't it and you're
going to say that uh it just
made the Western people smarter they
just had fewer cousin marriages fewer
problems other know if that's true I'm
no expert on cousin marriages but it's
something that's floating around the
internet so that would answer a lot and
that would suggest that we
have somewhat of a big Advantage but
that we're losing it because people are
not in nuclear families anymore but even
if they're not and even if they're
operating as individuals then they need
even more trust because an individual
doesn't even have family members to r on
so so I think we may be moving to an
even higher high
trust which is another Advantage the
other Advantage I always hear about the
west but America in particular so this
is an advantage of America over even
Great Britain and the advantage is in
America if you try something big and it
fails what you mostly get out of that is
experience so you can try another thing
and maybe that fails too but if you keep
trying you'll get a winner and then you
will be hailed as a
winner and then you'll be happy and
people will respect you I guess in Great
Britain if you try a startup and it
doesn't work you must spend the rest of
your life trying trying to erase the
shame shame so and I think you know some
of the Asian countries have the same
problem that if you fail everybody knows
and then your family is disgraced and
that's the end of that story so don't
try anything risky because failure is
too much of a problem I literally wrote
a
book
called had it failed almost everything
and still went big and you've probably
seen a number of books that came after
it that also had a similar theme and
even before it a similar theme that the
failure is basically a pathway to
success that's very American it turns
out it's super American it just
uh honestly I didn't even know when I
wrote the book that it was not just
important to say that you know failure
is more of a path than it is a you know
a
destination um I didn't realize that
that little
message is what keeps America
America maybe more than anything the
fact that we're willing to try things
even if they might fail and we can live
with it we just get over
it somebody was asking me the other day
about regret and I said I've never
experienced it what's it feel like I
don't even know what it feels like I
can't think of anything I've ever
regretted there are just things that
work and things that don't but even the
things that didn't work taught me
something
useful so it was on my path to success
so
regret I'm exactly where I want to be
well what am I regretting so that might
be a very American thing and I I it
makes me happy that my book could be
part of the
American psyche you it's small part uh
but a small part of making sure that you
know that failure is not the end point
failure is just a
path all right every morning I wake up
to the hilarity of another Democrat who
doesn't understand why they lost but
tries to un explain it like they
do I saw a clip with uh
bunch of people left the election
talking some on each side and uh
somebody named Sarah Longwell must be a
journalist associated with the left
leing
politics uh she she said that Trump won
because he does more lying uh and
therefore he's better at it now I'm
paraphrasing but I think that's pretty
close to what she said that Trump lies
about everything therefore he got a lot
of practice at it and then he was really
good at it and then that that excellent
lying is what put him over the
top um does Sarah
Longwell think that the Democrats didn't
do any
lying how could you how could you be
alive for the last eight years and think
that Trump is just all by himself off
their life H I sure like that everybody
else is telling the truth but that Trump
he's the one
politician that
lies and again I always
say that uh you can't you can't evaluate
The Lying by the quantity of them Trump
did you know infinite interviews so if
he had any one thing he said that was
like a little hyperbole he would say it
in all of his interviews and then they
would count them as there's one there's
one there's
one meanwhile while the Democrats would
be putting together this massive
intelligence-led FBI supported hoax with
you know many moving parts and getting
the getting the media involved and like
the really big lies like the really big
ones like the fine people hoax and the
Russia collusion and the drinking bleach
hoax and all those other things like big
organized
multi-member thousands of people
involved in the media keeping the LIE
alive and knowing it and knowing that
they were keeping a lie alive they knew
it how do you compare that to Trump
saying that your TV might go off if the
wind stops
blowing when you know it's just I
verbally and they would just count that
is one lie for Trump and none for them
because they think the hoaxes are real
imagine thinking that those that the
Democrats have been telling the truth
for eight
years how how could you even function
you you would be so confused about
anything you saw if you thought your
team was telling you the truth all the
time anyway uh Zuckerberg and meta have
donated a million dollars to Trump's
inaugural fund now that's a pretty
clever move so as you know Zuckerberg is
trying to disassociate himself from the
crazy left he's not trying to make
himself part of the right he would just
like to be less involved in the in the
political stuff because it didn't work
out when he did it so he didn't he
probably knows he didn't help he may
have hurt for $400 million he may have
spent $400 million making things worse
so I think he's learned his lesson
because if there's one thing you can say
about Mark Zuckerberg that everyone
should agree with he is really smart I
don't know if you noticed but he's
really smart like crazy smart so yes
when he when he when he does something
that doesn't work and then he adjusts
that's that's that smart thing there it
is uh so he failed like an American and
instead of wallowing his shame forever
he said oh well that didn't work what do
we do now oh we'll donate to the
inaugural process because that's not de
that's not really donating to the
politics of it perfect that's perfect so
he is helping out giving his million
which is not much you know for for
them and it's the thing that's the least
political thing you could ever give it
to the inauguration because presumably
you know he would do it for anybody's
inauguration at this point um nicely
done yeah but but it also is a
indication that the way the smart people
are seeing Trump is as someone they can
work
with right that's a big big deal CU
before they saw him as something they
needed to defeat and now the smart
people all the smart people are saying
we could work with this wait you want
you want a fewer
regulations oh well yeah we could work
with that wait you want to lower taxes H
you have my attention you you want to um
put criminals back in
jail I think this is very common
sensical
I'm seeing the comments the pictures of
trump on the cover of Time Magazine
person of the
year now if Trump had not been the
person of the
year wouldn't you kind of question
whether Time Magazine had lost it
because remember Time Magazine when they
pick the person of the year they're not
saying the person we love the most
because I think Hitler and monum ban
have been on the cover just the most
impactful
one who who who else was close you know
you you might say Elon
Musk did more and that you could make a
strong argument for that but Trump did
it in a storybook way like even more
than even more than Elon musk's giant
Chopsticks catching a rocket which is
like one of the most crazy awesome
things we've ever watched in our
lives uh still I think Trump's story was
the more interesting one I think they
got this one right
meanwhile Bill Clinton according to Brar
news he was talking to somebody in
public oh he's on The View and he said
he was uh open to discussing with Biden
a preemptive pardon for Hillary before
Trump comes
in I don't think there's any
chance that Trump's going after Hillary
Clinton am I reading the room
wrong now if I were her I'd be worried
because she knows what she has done and
she plays a you know a tough sport
politics but in my view there's not any
risk at all to her now would he go after
some people who are really directly
related at a lower level say some X FBI
people who tried to run the the Russia
collusion hoax maybe and I'd be all for
that if they knew they were acting you
know illegally yeah I'm all for it um
but even if Clinton was little bit
illegal I think Trump would be the smart
George Washington here to say you know
what I hear what you're saying about
Hillary Clinton but we can't go
there we we just have to let that go
because it'll pull the country apart and
there's not enough there's not enough
upside so I think Trump knows that and
I've heard him talk in that form before
so I I do trust Trump to not threaten
Hillary
um I don't think he'll threaten her
because she's no longer much of a risk
to him and it would be a terrible
terrible look after he got lawed and
lawed and lawf fared to just return the
lawfare especially to a stale case
because Hillary is not exactly on the
top of you know the urant things these
days anyway you want to hear about the
most thing that Biden ever did
I know it's a long it's a long list but
the following is something that Joe
Biden just
did that you just when I tell you see if
you cannot say the freaking
 all right he just did clemency
and uh pardons so he pardoned uh 39
Americans and he commuted the sentences
of nearly 15 other 1500
others
1,500 what's that remind you
of 1500 people he commuted their
sentences and let them out of jail
1,500 you that's exactly
the number of J Sixers in jail now maybe
this is a coincidence but there are a
lot of numbers in the world you had to
pick 1500 you you
 those people need to be
released
immediately and January 21st can't come
fast enough because I'm pretty sure
Trump's going to let you know most or
all of them out but this is did was
there no time that anybody said 1500s a
bad number you make it 1,600 make it
1499 but don't make it 1500
that's just rubbing in our faces you
 honestly doesn't
feel like politics doesn't feel like
stupid it feels like you're just being a
 now that's what it feels
like fre the J
Sixers so Carrie lake has
been selected by Trump uh for uh the
head of the uh Voice of America Now
voice of America is a media outlet that
the government runs in 40 40 different
languages you say
uh yeah 40 languages and broadcasts all
over the world and various forums from
Radio to television to social
media now uh I asked social media or I'm
sorry I asked AI if Voice of America is
America's propaganda Network and uh AI
didn't want to say
that it says the
editorial it it's independent editorial
stuff is it is it really is it really
independent my understanding give me a
fact check on this but isn't the only
reason the voice of America
exists is for American propaganda to
reach other other markets I didn't know
there was any other reason for it now I
think when they say you know that they
don't step on the
editorial probably means they also don't
hire anybody who doesn't understand the
mission of the voice of America
I mean I suppose if they made a mistake
and accidentally hired somebody who
didn't know what the whole purpose of
the organization was they might raise
something
anti-American but I don't think they
would last very long on the
job the government of America is not
going to pay to broadcast bad American
stuff to other countries and make them
hate us so I don't think you have to
edit it it doesn't require a lot of
editing because everybody knows what the
job is
now uh if it sounded like I'm
criticizing Voice of America I'm
not we probably need it to me it sounds
like something that's probably really
useful so um so here's the question
that's on my mind so Carri Lake of
course a national figure well recognized
uh came close to being Governor close to
being Senator uh and you think to
yourself is this a big enough job
like my first thought was hm feels like
not high enough
leverage for a republican with that much
skill and then I thought to myself
H I wonder if there's if the plan is to
tweak The Voice of
America for good
purposes and then I thought to
myself what what if they used voice of
America
as one way to correct the fake
news and I wonder if they had that
conversation because that would be
interesting could you imagine for
example that voice America continues to
say positive things about America so it
doesn't change its basic Mission but
what if on top of that it became so
credible that it was a source for
telling you what hoaxes are being told
by the other
networks because in the other networks
are like the opposite propaganda you
know if you've got a Republican
president the fake news is going to be
saying uh the president of the United
States is garbage and making all the
wrong
decisions well you don't really want
your enemies to hear that because they
will not fear us and respect us um so
suppose The Voice of America was the the
reference that Trump could always use
and say look CNN says this but here's
what's really happening and then forward
a voice of America
article because if you put Carrie Lake
in charge of the voice of America
there's zero chance that they're going
to be reporting hoaxes as if they're
real there's no chance of that I mean
not not intentionally of course but it's
one more place that that Trump can maybe
guarantee that there's a place that you
can look
at that has
credibility that can debunk the other
hoaxes that are surely coming so if
that's what the plan is you know a
little bit little extra on the mission
then it's definitely the right person um
for it because she's got you know great
experience in that domain
specifically meaning TV news
Etc so I think the fit is
great I just hope that Trump is looking
at it and Carrie lake is looking at it
as may maybe Voice of America could be a
little extra something we we
need um so um I would like to get into
this uh this gamified murder thing um
have you noticed that because of the
internet we've managed to turn every
tragedy into sort of a
game so I'd like to explain the game so
the game here with this CEO um the CEO
murder is that you have to pretend that
the people you don't
like um are not showing enough empathy
to the
victim but that you unlike whoever
you're talking about you have the proper
and exact right amount of empathy and uh
you want to you want to misrepresent the
other person so it seems like they have
less
empathy so I'm going to give you an
example of that
um I'm going to misinterpret Elizabeth
Warren and show you with my theatrics
that I'm much better than her as a human
being now remember this is just gamified
I'm not actually better than her as a
human
being maybe I am but that's not the
point the point is that this we've
gamified
this all right let me get let me get
into
character because I have to act act act
as if I'm actually offended by
this all right well there's a story
about elizab Elizabeth Warren oh my God
she said that the quote visceral
response to the insurance CEO's killing
should be quote a warning to everyone
else in the Health Care
system oh my God how can Elizabeth
Warren show so little sympathy to the
family and the victim I'm so much better
than her I'm so so much better watch
this Elizabeth Warren don't you
understand that this was a senseless
killing of someone who didn't deserve it
and the family has to deal with this and
you're you're acting as though the the
murder was
justified really really you're acting
like it's
Justified I spit on you for your lack of
empathy not like my empathy which is is
excellent so the bottom line here is I
think I won this round uh by showing
that my empathy for the victim is way
better than hers way
better I love
winning meanwhile Woody Allen Chef is
going to sue him for uh for
firing and
um the uh apparently the problem was
that was somebody who was in the U
military
reserves and he said he was in the
military reserves when he got hired now
that means that he would miss some days
every month because he has a military
obligation but um so he went off to a
two-day military thing which would have
been completely understood and approved
uh but I guess he came back a day longer
cuz the training lasted a day longer and
then got
fired now they also complained about his
cooking so if you're a chef and they
don't like your cooking that'd be a good
reason to fire you but imagine if you
will that let's say I don't know if this
is the case but let's say he was he was
a chef for five days a
week so Woody and Sun are thinking yay
five days a week we don't have to cook
but then he says well I'm going to be
going two of those five but also I have
the we
off so that's four of the seven days I
won't be around and they're like all
right well that's what we agreed to okay
and then he says oh I'm also not going
to come in the day after because the
training went long so there'll be two
days I'm off and three days that uh that
I'm
away uh and my job was to cook for you
five days a week so they fired him
because it was obvious that this you
know might happen again this cooking
wasn't that good anyway they
say now I have some insight into this
because I got sued this for the same
reason there is a
law that says if you hire somebody who's
in the reserves and you know that they
have an obligation to say you know work
on work on some periods that you have to
let them do it and you have to pay them
so they have to be paid um they have to
be paid and you have to allow them to
have their time and and if you fire them
for that if you fire them for being away
from work for their military Reserve
that's the end of the court case the the
court just gives that automatically to
the military Reserve person if there's
any question that you got fired for even
partially because you had a military
commitment you lose the case
there's nothing you can say you can't
say but my company would suffer nope
that counts for nothing you can't say um
I can't
function if I I I'd have to close my
business if I'm paying this person to do
the job but then I have to pay a second
person to fill in for them because they
can't be there to do the job if I have
to do that I have to close my company I
can't make enough money you have to
close the company there's there's
nothing you can do
there is no defense if you tell a
military person that you're going to
fire them for doing what the military
required them to do that's the end of
the case so the lawsuit is almost
certainly uh wood he writes a check for
$100,000 the lawyer keeps 30% and the
chef gets another job that's the way
these are settled because the lawyer for
Woody would know that you you can't take
this to court it's 100% chance of losing
100% he he has no chance of winning and
I'm not even sure that's a bad idea so
in his case probably the chef was a
weekday chef but if you hire somebody
who's in the reserves you have to know
that if you thought they were going to
work on weekends you're not getting what
you thought you were going to get so in
my restaurant days U my restaurant
partner hired somebody in
reserves uh for the job of the weekend
manager and then
later he informed us that he couldn't
work weekends quite often because of his
military
service so my manager said oh well the
only reason you were promoted is to work
weekends because those are the days I
don't work so given that it was the only
reason you were promoted and now you say
you can't do it uh we'll put you back in
your old job which was a
server the server I made as much money
by the way and he was a server before
that and he
sued and our defense was wait a minute
we hired him to do a thing and he says
because the military service he can't do
the thing we only hired him for the one
specific thing and he says that's a one
specific thing he can't do so we would
have to pay two
people one to do the job he's not doing
and then him as well and it's a small
business
and the lawyer said Give It
Up forget it pay him make an offer you
you can't win this and so we did we paid
him
um so it's probably the same same
situation
um see what else is going on so the
leader of Syria you know the rebels took
over Syria
and uh here's his resume he was the
commander of Isis in Syria then he was
the founder and leader of jebat elra in
al-Qaeda in Syria he was the leader of
Jabba Al sham later the leader of hayat
alsam I guess
they're fundamentalist groups and now
he's the leader of free Syria I I saw
him doing some kind of public thing the
other day and I swear that he he was
sounding like he was a
Democrat and he was saying that he
wanted to be the leader of all the
people and you know he made it sound
like he wasn't going to be
discriminating and being a terrorist and
killing people
but correct me if I'm
wrong is it not the strategy that when
you first get power and before you've
Consolidated it you tell the world that
you're not going to be any trouble at
all and then you consolidate power maybe
takes five years and then you
do anything you want it to do no matter
how bad it is so I suspect things might
be not terrible for the Christians in
Syria you still a little bit terrible
but probably if they hang around it's
going to get worse that would be my
guess so I hope they get
out um and um I I think the leaders of
Syria are probably trying to form a
caliphate so I'd watch out for the
caliphate now here's the thing I wonder
if if there if the Middle
East let's say some charismatic leader
and maybe this is the charismatic leader
Rises what's his name I didn't get his
name um but uh given that we know that
war is going to be drone Warfare in the
future the Middle East isn't going to be
able to make a lot of drones they're not
exactly a manufacturing power so they'd
have to depend on somebody like China to
to give them all their War drones if
they wanted to conquer enough territory
to have a caliphate caliphate caliphate
I don't know how to say that so I know
the nature of war is changing so that
the Middle East countries are going to
have a big disadvantage I think so the
countries that can design and crank out
drones are going to own everything so
that's China us maybe Russia
um
fedman just gave a double thumbs up to
uh Republican Elise stefanic who was
picked as un Ambassador so breit Bart's
reporting this so fedman continues to do
smart things he's finding very small
ways and this is a very small way to act
like a common sense person who agrees
with the Republicans when it makes sense
to agree with them and disagrees with
them when in his opinion it makes sense
to disagree now uh I saw some people
being confused that when I say good
things about Federman that it's like I
don't understand that he votes for the
most Progressive things and you know
he's a dangerous
voter I get it I understand that I'm not
saying he should be running the country
I'm only talking about his
technique so the same way that I talked
about AOC having good persuasion
techniqu which she doesn't anymore I
think she had an adviser that she may
have lost but uh Federman every time he
does something where in the smallest way
he can say you know Republicans you're
good people and I agree with you on this
one he gets closer and closer to being a
national
candidate he's closer and closer and the
thing I appreciate about appreciate
about it is the technique so the
technique is that when there's a little
thing he can agree agree with he says it
publicly and without any pullback he
just says it you know clearly and
cleanly yeah that's common sense I'm in
favor that that is really strong
technique because when he disagrees with
us what's the first thing you're going
to
think you're going to rethink your own
thoughts or your own position because if
somebody who's just always on one side
and there only can ever be on one side
you discount their opinion completely
because you know it didn't matter if
they even thought through they were
going to be on that side but if somebody
sends the
impression that on every topic he's
going to look at it commonsensically and
give some examples oh this is a good
candidate it's a republican but it's a
good candidate two thumbs up every time
he does that he sends a signal that he's
thinking about it from the ground up so
if he does three or four things that
Republicans say Yeah well yeah that's a
good point we agree with that common
sense and that he says something you
don't agree with politically you know
something that agrees a little bit more
with a progressive agenda your first
thought should be ah I don't like that
but why is this smart guy saying
it see that's the the superpower that
Trump has at the
moment Trump's superpower with his
pirateship of advisers from you know
Elon Musk to RFK Jr and Tulsi Etc
it makes you think that they must be
operating on some kind of uh Common
Sense basis otherwise they couldn't get
along because you know you have ex
Democrats who presumably wouldn't easily
embrace the right unless there was some
common sense thing they could hang on to
and they are so Trump has the common
sense advantage in the sense that it's
clear that he will look at both sides
and look and listen to the voices from
both sides and go after it as a common
sense thing whatever it is so Fan's
building that he doesn't have it yet but
watching him do it is
fun The Washington Post continues
to move a little bit
toward being useful instead of just
being a propaganda rag so it could be
that Jeff Bezos is pretty serious about
turning the wapo Washington Post into
more of a credible publication instead
of the propaganda Raga has been but
Byron York is pointing out that they've
got an
editorial about the Jordan Neely the the
man who died with the um Penny situation
on the
subway and I just want to describe how
barer New York
describes um the
editorial I liked how he did this he
said the liberal editorial board
editorial board wants to say Jordan neie
should have been
committed that is self-evidently true
but but it causes the writers so much
pain that they have to L it with so much
of the the criminal is really the victim
and we we failed Jordan and we're not
racist
verbiage uh verbiage that it takes them
a while to get to the
point but they finally get there so this
is the uh the corner that the identity
people Point paint themselves into that
if they want to pretend they're moving
toward common
sense they have to somehow shed
everything they've ever said and thought
before because it was identity based
like this was so common sense
screams that this poor Jordan Neely guy
should have gotten some help and you
wish the government had some kind of
facility to do it so we can certainly
agree on
that
um according to krie picket writes for
the Washington Times the FBI is trying
to uh anti-trump the FBI before he gets
there so Christopher Ray said he would
be I guess retiring from that job before
Trump gets
um uh gets an office so he doesn't have
to get fired that's a good play but
before he does that he's also apparently
doing a bunch of promotions so he's
promoting people into positions that
unless Trump's FBI guy gets rid of them
there might be a lot of people who don't
like Trump in major FBI
positions so this is from an inside
source and that they're planning to slow
walk the New FBI director's entry into
the agency for three to four
months so they're literally plotting to
make sure that their own
management can't be
effective now if any of that's true 100%
of them need to be fired or at least the
ones involved with it if they're
literally just trying to make changes so
it's harder for Trump to do his job
everybody involved with that needs to
get fired even if you got promoted
yesterday if you're any part of that no
no it's not your job to make it hard for
your boss to do the job of the people of
the United States no you need to be
fired for
that well uh Jen
weager has been going on some
conservative podcasts and he said this
he thought that the left needed to
hear he said two amazing things just
happened first I went on about a half a
dozen right-wing shows and they all
agreed he says in capitals we should cut
the Pentagon prevent generals from
working for defense contractors and
Edward Snowden should be
pardoned and and he says the second
thing is that absolutely no one on the
left believes the right so six on of six
podcasts all said yeah we like all all
that
stuff and not a single person on the
left believes that's
true what do these things all have in
common cutting the Pentagon preventing
generals from you becoming defense
contractors and pardoning Snowden now
the Snowden ones a little different but
the first two are just common
sense Common Sense tells you the
Pentagon has some blow of course you
want to cut it the
bloat and preventing generals from
having a conflict of interest that's not
political that's just common sense
that's just basic common sense so how
weird is
it that Republicans who are the common
sense party for the most
part uh offer Common Sense opinions on
Common Sense things and the Democrats
are like oh no I don't believe that I
don't believe that at all they're
they're pretty
gone pretty gone
anyway um my opinion is this I think
there's only two ways for somebody to
become president and stay president
without being
assassinated and I think that you either
have to agree in advance or they know in
advance that you're going to start major
optional Wars so that feeds the
military-industrial complex extra Wars
or if you're not going to do extra Wars
like would be Trump for example or
Reagan for example you have to agree to
rebuild the
military so you have to say our military
is falling apart we're going to need to
spend ton of money rebuilding that
military I think if you do one of those
two things you can stay alive and stay
in office otherwise you get impeached or
assassinated because I think the
military-industrial
complex uh is basically full of
professional
Killers right the the whole industry is
full of people who have literally killed
people professionally in the
military and
uh yeah I think president any President
should be afraid of that group so I
don't think they would put up with
anything less than major money going
toward their
Direction Canada as you know has a youth
in Asia is legal so if you've got a uh
terminal illness you can get that option
but also they recently said if you have
a chronic illness that just makes your
life terrible you can you can check out
from Life on your own and let's say
15,000
people uh did it last
year so almost 5% of the deaths in the
country are people choosing to do it
themselves but here's the interesting
political
part 96% of the people who are choosing
the option to end their own lives are
white
96% are white but only 70% of the
country is
white so it's legal and it's mostly
killing white
people it's legal and it's
overwhelmingly mostly killing white
people now nobody knows why I mean I
could offer some guesses but I don't
know
why but suppose they had gone the other
way suppose for whatever cultural or
other mysterious reasons white people
weren't taking this option but black
citizens were taking it in an
overwhelming
number do you think this would be
legal do you think it would be legal to
have a law that was disproportionately
killing by their own choice but killing
minorities not a chance there's not a
chance that that would be legal but as
long as white people are killing
themselves yeah no problem and by the
way I'm in favor of it so I don't want
them to change the law uh we have the
same law in California I was I was part
of the lobbying to to get that an option
in
California you never know if you might
need
it meanwhile there's a story about
uh McConnell some call him
Mitch
um he thinks that it's a dangerous world
and uh if America stays out of the the
wars and the business in other countries
and we become more
isolationists that it would be
reminiscent of before World War II uh he
says even the slogan is the same America
first that's what they said in the 30s
so Mitch
McConnell
uh you didn't know that I'm in favor of
um youth in Asia
I've always been in favor of it I'm I'm
one of the main main people in favor of
it I'm surprised you didn't know that
anyway
um so here's my problem with McConnell
and the other isolationist I don't
believe anything McConnell says as his
reasons for why he wants anything I just
think he's well let me say it
directly I believe that when somebody is
that old and that infirmed
and they stay in their job in Congress
that the only reason for it is they're
covering up their own
crimes or somebody they care
about because nobody in their right mind
would keep working in this condition
Feinstein McConnell it doesn't make any
sense
Pelosi there's got to be some reason
that goes beyond you know serving the
country or whatever because they all
know somebody else could do a better job
now some of it might be that when you
reach a senior
position your own team won't let you
leave because they need they need
somebody in the senior position maybe
they like you in there but here's my
problem the the logic of this isn't
holding up unless you think Putin and
Hitler are basically the same
guy now my understanding of History
which is not so terrific is that um the
problem with Hitler is he was conquering
other countries
and it didn't look like he was willing
to ever
stop so that's a bad thing if you were
staying out of that you could make an
argument oh if you stay under that he
eventually conquers everything gets all
the resources and then conquers you
makes sense but is Putin somebody who's
trying to conquer the
world or is he trying to maybe increase
the Russian Empire but only to Russian
speaking people who are on his border
who and I'm not defending him I'm just
describing uh that maybe he does have
Ambitions to increase but not two people
who were not Russian friendly Russian
speaking historically Russian now I
don't think he should be doing any of
that but I don't think he wants to
conquer Britain does
he do you think do you think Putin if he
could he he'd be you know Blitz creaking
across Europe and going for fr
France I don't think so but then let's
turn it
around the United States recently
conquered
Ukraine the United States
conquered a you a country that's like a
cousin to Russia with great history lots
of Russian
speakers you know at least on the
border are we the
Hitler in this case if if you had to say
all right who's the Hitler
the United States conquering a Russian
cousin entity right on their
border or Putin who wants to control
Russian entities on his
border now both of them are military
both of them are killing people to get
the thing that they want but I I feel
like in this analogy we're
Hiller are we not we're the ones taking
over a country that we had no no
business taking over and we're doing it
for Empire reasons very clearly Empire
reasons we're the
Hiller you know that
right now here's where it gets
complicated I don't know if it's a bad
thing obviously it would bad be a bad
thing to literally be Hitler and you
know killing minorities for beinging
minorities but we're not doing
that what we are doing
as a country and we've done it for a
couple hundred years is every dirty
trick in the book to expand our
Empire that's who we are that's who
America is we are dirty tricksters who
try to conquer every country we can
because the more control we have the
better we think our own Futures will be
it's for the money mostly but money and
National Defense are basically the same
thing so
yeah no where the Hitler McConnell you
have this backwards so do you think that
McConnell is saying what he believes do
you think that he
believes that this is like the the runup
to World War II or does he know that
America is the Hitler in this case and
we're just you know he's just
propagandizing I feel like he knows
we're the
Hitler but again I'm not going to
criticize anybody who says we have to be
an Empire or we become nothing we you
either have to be an Empire or slaves
basically and I think it's been like
that through all of
history so anyway that's
happening um according to uh John
Hopkins Bloomberg School of Public
Health half of the calories of people
eat at home are Ultra processed
foods now if you try to not eat food
that's bad for you in America it would
either be really expensive or really
time consuming or you'd have to do tons
of research to find out what's good for
you and what isn't I feel like uh there
needs to be a new model for making and
preparing and eating food like really a
basically different model and now I ask
the following
question do you think that after all
these years of people trying various
indoor farming
experiments and the and the fact that
indoor farming still hasn't caught on at
least wherever there's outdoor farming
is easily
available um do you think that the big
food has been destroying any innovation
in indoor farming because indoor farming
would allow people to do it themselves
locally and it would cut out big big
food for at least the people who use the
indoor
Farms I feel as if
it's nearly impossible that we could
have gotten to 2024 with you know all
the things we can do technically and
that we can't build a an indoor Farm
that's local maybe attached to your
house but very very local and it's cost
effective and low
maintenance and low
cost we can't do that it it feels like
there must be some like large entity
that's trying to make sure that we can't
and the only one I could think of would
be big food because everybody else would
like good food so I'm just this is just
my prec conspiracy theory um I don't
have any evidence there's any kind of
conspiracy like that but I did work in
the food industry for a while because I
I made a food product the dill burrito
and one of the things I I learned
working in the food industry is that
it's completely
corrupt the food industry
is mostly criminals that was my
experience it was the most corrupt thing
I've ever seen now I've worked at
Banking and bankers Are Not Angels all
the time but they run a pretty clean
shop right not they weren't all
criminals they were just doing their
jobs phone company I worked for the
phone company for
years not all go-getters but they were
good people honest mostly you know just
trying to do their
job but my experience in the food
distribution and grocery
industry I think they're pretty much all
Crooks I I I saw some you don't
even want to know
about it's it's almost a criminal
Enterprise so I have no evidence that
they've suppressed indoor farming um
Innovations uh but I'd love to talk to
Kimble musk about it I know he was into
indoor farming he he would know the real
story so maybe I'll look into
that PJ media is reporting that uh the
mainstream media finally admits
Obamacare is a failure but primarily in
cost um it's a success in signing people
up so that's what the Democrats say but
it would be a failure in controlling
costs just so you
know Rachel madow um ratings have tanked
along with MSNBC in general so o is
reporting uh that so she's now got her
show went from five days a week where
she was paid $30 million and she was
like the face of the
network then she for her own personal
reasons had to go back to one day a week
just
Monday and she got paid the same because
she was still on contract then when the
contract was to be renewed still working
one day a week they negotiated that she
would get $25 million
for one day a
week
um so let's go back to my hypothesis and
prediction you remember my prediction
that
Dei Dei kills everything it touches but
the prediction is that it kills first
and fastest uh wherever it is introduced
first and most
aggressively so wherever it's introduced
early and aggressively those places will
die first so that's how you know Dei is
toxic because there should be a perfect
correlation between how aggressive and
early you were in it and how soon you
die you know your
organization
so imagine trying to sell MSNBC when one
of your stars works one day a week for
30 million doar nobody would buy
that but why do they have to keep paying
so much
money does it have to do with the fact
that she is a lesbian and a
woman is it
Dei probably now I can't say that for
sure because you'd have to be like in in
the room with them to know what's real
but the prediction is if you go early
and hard at Dei you will destroy
yourself pretty quickly MSNBC went early
and super hard at Dei and now they've
got somebody who's not doing much work
they're paying $30 million probably Joy
Reed can't be fired and she's making
them look like idiots management she
makes the management look like idiots
and that's got to be
Dei so I think MSNBC is you know added
to the list of examples of the sooner
and the harder you go on Dei the sooner
and more guaranteed your destruction so
just look for the pattern the sooner and
the harder you go in Dei the sooner
you're
destroyed well the defense who defended
Daniel penny is considering going after
Da Alvin brag for a malicious
prosecution so that would be a lawsuit
so it wouldn't be criminal but uh if
they can prove that that Bragg was was
orchestrating the Daniel Penny thing for
his personal reasons as opposed to it's
just doing the job then it might be a
lawsuit and the personal reason which is
just speculated here is that Alvin brag
knew that there that if Daniel peny
walked free that there would be riots
and that that would make him look bad
because he's the Law and Order guy so if
they're riots you know you look like
you're not doing something and everybody
would say why didn't you do something
more so the idea is that if Alvin brag
if it could be demonstrated there were
any documents or witnesses that the
decision to go after Daniel peny was not
based on the law or what is you know
precedent but only based on protecting
Elvin Bragg's own reputation and
job then the lawsuit I think could could
succeed so we don't know that this is
going to happen
but I think they need to look into it
pretty good you find out if there's
something there
maybe in other news um I heard a few
things about uh the AI that uh Elon Musk
is doing the X
Ai and I heard a story let's see if I
can retell the story was some expert was
it on I think on the all-in Pod talking
to Jason and I didn't get the name of
the expert when I watched the clip I
wish I had so if anybody knows him knows
what I'm talking about put the name of
the expert in the comments um but the
expert said that uh if you get these
Nvidia boards that are necessary for
AI uh that apparently you could only put
if I have this right 20,000 of them kind
of network together to work as one and
that was a physical limitation it it
would be you know engineering wise it
would be impossible to put more than
20,000 working as a team and that then
that would limit how smart your AI could
be because the the more that you could
put on the same on the same let's say uh
processing speed you know parallel
processing the more you have the smarter
you are in AI so the story is that uh
Elon Musk didn't like that spent some
time doing a deep dive and I don't know
who if anybody helped him or it was
completely his own idea but in Fairly
short order Elon Musk figured out how to
network 100,000
together where the where it was presumed
by every expert that 20,000 was the
highest that could ever go there would
there would be a physical or physics
limitation you just couldn't go beyond
that and then he five times it he five
times it probably because he got
personally involved as as you know I
imagine there was there were other
engineers in the room
obviously but
I that that's like one of the greatest
engineering stories of all time but if
you put it on Elon musk's resume it just
disappears with all the other stuff he's
done so many things that make you go wow
you did that you you created giant
Chopsticks to catch a rocket really wow
yeah so and there there probably a dozen
things I could add to the really you put
a network of satellites in the air so
that everybody from these you rural
counties can get cheap high-speed
internet wow you know and I could just
keep going and going and going but this
little one just impresses the hell on me
if it's true that he figured out what
everybody said in the industry in the
industry he wasn't in this is the other
important part in the industry he was
not part
of the moment he walked in he solved
their biggest problem times five did
that really happen I mean I mean I think
I I want to believe it did
so wow but uh on top of that grock 3 is
predicted to be the best
AI sometime in that maybe
February uh because they have just
monstrous Hardware training that thing
so Elon
Musk in theory will be the leading
AI person with his products in the world
in
February
now I don't know what to make of that
you know you know how important it is
that musk bought
a right because because he saved Free
Speech but what would happen to free
speech if AI becomes the the main way we
interact with everything and the main
way we get information and it was just
completely censored and biased but we
didn't know how much it would be the
same problem your free speech would be
completely completely at risk because AI
might have limitations on what it can
and cannot do for you you know it might
censor you or censor itself
and but now maybe the best
AI would be the one that's not going to
do that so if the best AI doesn't censor
you and lets you do the images you want
it to do and wasn't always messing with
your creative
impulses
then you're
free I think grock 3 if it really Leap
Frogs the competition because the reason
the reason historically I haven't used
grock much is that it wasn't wasn't
quite up to speed and we all knew that
and we knew that it was going to catch
up and had a good chance of surpassing
but it looks like it's going to happen
and uh wow that's really
impressive so this would be Elon Musk
saving the
planet by making us into planetary
saving the country by preserving free
speech and saving the future of humanity
by creating an AI
That's less subject to
manipulation that's a lot of saving the
that's a lot of saving he's saving the
world from climate change maybe we'll
see how many times has he needs to save
us he he he saved the country by getting
Trump
elected I mean seriously how many times
does he need to save us in how many
ways maybe the rest of us should do a
little work huh he's he's he's making me
feel
lazy all right that's all I got for now
I knew I went long I'll talk to the
locals people privately and the rest of
you on YouTube and X at Rumble I will
see you tomorrow same time same place
and locals coming at you privately in 30
seconds oops
update oh it's not
working all right so the go private
function is
just just stop working all right so
we're not going private un locals uh but
I didn't have much to say anyway cuz we
ran long um I will see you in the man
cave
tonight all right man cave tonight see
you
then
uhoh and it looks like I can't close it
so I'm going to close the app and reopen
it all right I reopened it just to see
if it'll
close e