[Music]
I'm pumpin pumpin Papa welcome to coffee
with Scott Adams it's gonna be lit today
lit I tell you do people still say that
it feels a little dated can somebody
give me a more modern reference so I can
pretend to be with it hey everybody take
a seat we're gonna get into some fun
stuff today you know it and it's gonna
be so good because we're gonna start it
with a little thing I call the
simultaneous if yes if you'd like to
play along
and I know you do if you'd like to join
in on the simultaneous if you don't need
much all you need here's a cover of
Megara glasses Diana jealous of tankard
a thermos flask we can't you know Grail
the goblet a vessel of any kind fill it
with your favorite liquid I like coffee
go oh oh so you may have seen my tweet
this morning that Jake Tapper of CNN is
drawing Dilbert for the week the comic
arts that Jake draws so I wrote I wrote
the words Jake to the art so if you
don't think they're funny that would be
that would be my fault not Jake's and
just to be clear about that so I wrote
them Jake drew them he drew them in his
own style so they don't look like the
same characters exactly but you'll
you'll recognize them and that's part of
the fun is that he gets to reimagine
that universe in a whole different
visual way now I don't think the little
purpose of it is that they will be
framed and then auctioned off so you can
get our signatures on on both of them
and they will be framed if you'd like to
find out more about that go to my pinned
it tweet and you'll see a link over to
homes for our troops
now homes for troops is not just
a veterans organization but they take
care of some of the the hardest cases
people have lost arms and legs people
who need special situations for their
housing and I'll tell you how I looked
at this now I can't can't speak for Jake
so I'll just speak for myself but it's
probably fair to assume there's
something like this was happening in his
mind but I can't speak Korean you know
one of the one of the most basic sort of
principles is it a principle or a
practice you decide of our American
experience is that we don't leave
warriors behind right if you're in the
military and even if somebody goes down
if their dad if they're wounded
we don't leave we don't leave if it's
like one of the most basic principles
that keeps our our countries so safe
because would you join the military and
would you serve your country if you
thought you would be left if you thought
there was even a chance if you thought
there's any chance you would be left
behind would you serve well some wood
some wood of course but I kind of think
that it's part of the glue that holds
civilization together is that if you do
this stuff for the benefit of the
country we will make you one promise we
won't leave you there that's it it's
like it's like the primary promise
and so these warriors who are coming
home badly wounded it doesn't seem like
they're all the way home so when I look
at this situation and probably Jake has
a similar feeling we could do a little
bit more so that's what we're doing now
for your amusement I would like to read
to you some of the comments from the
internet over this project now keep in
mind that the entire point is to help
badly wounded veterans it should be
pretty obvious that that's the point all
right but and
people also are quite aware that that
CNN and my brand have some conflict but
that's not what that's about because the
highest principle is you don't leave
people behind so we're operating on that
principle sort of the civilian version
of that where once they're home they're
still not all the way home you got it
you got to bring them all the way home
if you can so you know we're at
operating on just trying to be useful
because people in the public eye we have
some extra we have some extra tools that
the average person doesn't have we can
get a lot of attention so we're using
our tools get a lot of attention help
the veterans but here are some of the
comments so you see you know what kind
of a world you you're living in so
there's the the worst comments are on
Jake's tweets so Jake tweeted it this
morning I did my own my own tweet so the
comments under my tweet tend to be
fairly supportive but anti Jake and as
you might as you might imagine the
comments under his feet are more anti me
so I'll just read the ones that are anti
me so keep in mind the noble cause and
it's obvious this is for good purposes
everybody who's making these comments
knows the the Jake and I did a bunch of
work and putting our time and effort and
reputations on the line to try to do
something useful and these are the
comments we got Hey look it's a cyst
white male privilege on parade and
there's somebody who comes in who has a
whole bunch of rumors about me he says
so this is somebody saying this about me
he says rape is a natural instinct for
men now keep in mind that these are
never things I've ever said these are
things people imagined I said about a
blog post there was a parody that people
didn't know as a parody years ago I saw
nothing nothing that this guy says is
actually representative of my opinion
but this is what he comes in to do he
comes in to destroy me
on a charity project all right and then
this guy says I got a Jake you're rich
you're on TV every day you get to hobnob
with the elite it's got to be fun but
the rest of us have to live outside of
DC where men like Scott Adams just view
this and then he's got some more spewing
there all right I was hoping this was
straight-up satirizing Scott Adams now
is just too dumb to get it but instead
you chose to promote him that's not what
he's doing nobody's promoting everybody
except the charity but instead you chose
to promote him and attempt to restore
credibility and legitimacy to him and
his opinions wait are you telling me I
lost my legitimacy I didn't even know
this is my worst day ever
according to Rando on Twitter I've lost
my legitimacy my credibility but maybe
maybe this whole charity thing can get
it back this question to Jake on
internet why are you partnering with
that loon
have you asked Scott how he feels about
your network and your peers Jake you
might want to look into that before you
do our comics with him these are not
helpful people these are not helpful
people here's another one so this isn't
this is the same guy who misrepresents
my opinion he says or this one so he's
he's inferring that this is my opinion
where he says if you can't hug women
he'll have to start killing them does
that sound like something I might have
actually said no I have never said or
implied or thought that if I am unable
to hug women I will have to start
killing them that's what somebody's
actually roped in public about me all
right
somebody else says glad you're
supporting a guy meaning be me being the
guy glad you're supporting me I use the
mass shooting to promote his Apogee well
that's not exactly what I did I made it
I made a tool available
a time when it would be useful okay
doot-doot-doot to the cause is admirable
your choice of partners is highly
unfortunate very disappointed unn smiley
face yeah then somebody else came in one
of my followers and said you're
disappointed two friends came together
for a good cause you're the hater you're
the problem somebody else says I like it
but working with Scott Adams strikes me
as questionable not a good look
let's see Oh phew people saying positive
thing and somebody saying it's very good
comic oh it looks like most of the bad
people would away somebody'll says this
guy is Trumpy why do you give them any
publicity all right
gross oh man
so apparently there's no such thing as
doing a good thing in public anymore
because there there are very broken
people out there who are not veterans
who are happy to criticize anybody
trying to do anything positive but I
will I will die on this following Hill
that when it comes to the veterans all
that political stuff has to go away
right all the political stuff has to go
away
now I'm gonna further blow your mind by
saying some good things about Jake
Tapper which are true these are all true
good things I talk about talent stacks a
lot and how if you if you pile together
a variety of talents that work well
together you become extraordinary even
if each of those individual talents is
maybe not the best one in the whole
world but there are very few people who
had to have that car
Jake's I believe his background his
education he's a historian so he knows
history
he's obviously great on TV he's got the
look he's got the writing skill he wrote
a novel he's a cartoonist
he's a better artist than I am and he's
used all those skills for his show he's
one of the best examples you'll see of a
talent stack now just to make it fair
taking the politics out of it and just
talking about the skill set here Sean
Hannity is another one Sean Hannity has
more skills in one person but you're
it's amazing you know same thing with
Jake they have so many different skills
put together but if you were to say okay
what's the one thing Hannity is like the
best of the world that and I say well I
don't know it's not one thing is that
he's got a good look he talks well you
know presents well he's you know
obviously writes well he said
best-selling books he does radio he does
TV he's apparently brave enough to say
things he understands I mean you you I
could probably go on for about 20 more
things this Sean Hannity has a set of
talents now the people who don't like
his program will say well but certainly
the people you see all right let's talk
about the news do you ever wonder if
Democrats wake up ever like in the
modern moment let's say the moment as
any Democrat ever awakened this week you
know got up and like oh let's check the
news and they check the news and pretty
much everything's going right there's no
bad economic news we're not really we're
not really close to or I mean we're not
really going to attack Iran and if we
did it would be some pinpricks
it feels like how do they reconcile
their original predictions of how things
would go after Trump with how things
have gone so far because you know the
first few months you could say oh well
he's getting lucky or it's a overflow
from all the goodness from Obama but
year after year doesn't it get harder to
hold on to the fact that you predicted a
hundred percent of everything wrong
about him
and they're just none of it is coming to
pass now I think if you ask them they
say it's all coming to pass oh it's all
coming to pass and they were there we
have to work pretty hard to make that
true I think they say stuff like income
inequality got worse I know does anybody
even care about that anymore when was
the last time you saw a protest about
income inequality it's like it doesn't
even matter anymore as long as people
have jobs and they're doing well they
care a lot less about other people it
turns out so I just wonder about the
psychology of being so wrong in the face
of the facts that things are going great
now one of the ways that you know things
are going great is that this I'm going
to tell you what the worst news is
here's the worst news on the major
political sites number one blah blah
blah the Emmys like that's as major news
the Emmys okay what else
well mostly this Ukraine thing there's
basically nothing else happening just
the Ukraine thing so let's talk about
that because the there's something about
the Ukraine situation the somehow
captured everything else have you ever
noticed that oh yeah we'll talk about
Modi remind me again that was that was a
great situation there so here's the
thing that's happening with the Ukraine
situation you know you all know the
story the president made a phone call
with the president of the Ukraine and
tried to get him to investigate Biden
and Biden's son's involvement in Ukraine
and some people say that he was being he
was
and if you did let's hear it so here it
is here's a statement this came off of
CNN I forget which commentator but if
Trump used his power to try to coerce a
foreign leader into influencing US
elections it could precipitate the worst
political crisis of a presidency that
has been mired in notoriety from its
first hours so here's the frame that
people are just beginning to realize but
we haven't quite realized yet are you
ready now if you've been watching this
periscope for years you know that I
sometimes accurately predict things you
know as much as a year ahead sometimes
longer here's what's going to happen and
how the news cycle is going to start
evolving are you ready for this all
communications is influenced at the
moment we're treating them like they're
separate things but we know they're not
and it just takes somebody like me to
say it a few times before other people
say oh yeah all communication is
influenced so if the President of the
United States let me give you some
examples to fill out my point let's say
let's say four months before the
elections of 2020 China decides to sign
a trade deal would they be in would they
be interfering with our elections and
would we say that the President may have
influenced China to influence our
elections yeah people will say that
because every single thing a president
does if it involves a foreign leader is
trying to influence them they're trying
to influence us it's all an influence
job and you could use words like coerce
persuade influence cajole deal it's all
that same realm all conversations
between leaders are influence
conversations even if they're talking
about the weather they're trying to get
to know each other they're trying to
influence so the only reason that this
Ukraine story is a story is because
people can't realize that communication
and influence are always the same thing
you can't do anything with another
country on that level that isn't
influence and obviously influence I'm
not talking about was I'm some weird you
know academic way you could determine
its influence I mean it's directly
obviously observably a study of
influence as soon as we lose lose our
childlike belief that communication can
happen separate from influence at this
level here I'm just talking about world
leaders doing world leader Li things as
soon as we lose that simple childlike
view that some of it is influence and
some of it is not because it's all
influenced every every single word every
gesture the clothes they wear the places
they meet every single part of every
interaction is designed intentionally
for its influence on the world so let's
take for example one of let's say one of
our allies France says something
positive or negative about President
Trump are they influencing elections in
this country yeah they are
how about Modi comes to the United
States
he's a seems to be great personal
friends with drop they get along great
some for some reason their personalities
are just apparently you know we can't
tell that what's really happening but by
all observations their personalities are
just a perfect fit they just seem like
boom and you can see that everybody was
commenting on that this is not an
original observation on my part
everybody was saying that if you didn't
see the introduction that Modi gave into
this huge rally type crowd where he
introduced the president with such
glowing terms you could only imagine no
you not imagine any reasonable observer
would conclude that that the leader of
India was influencing American elections
what else was it now I'm not saying
that's bad I'm saying that we have to
grow up because that's just what it is
you know everything suppose he had said
suppose Modi had said instead I am NOT
going to visit the United States because
your president is a bad person blah blah
blah you could easily imagine that
happening right imagine all of the
Indian American voters of which
obviously there are a lot it was a whole
stadium filled with people who are there
to see Modi as well as Trump imagine all
of them hearing their their Prime
Minister back in India you know where
they may have been born or at least they
may have some family connections through
their parents or whatever telling them
that our president is so bad they won't
even you won't even visit just
hypothetically that didn't happen the
opposite of that happened wouldn't that
wouldn't that influence the election of
course it would of course it would did
Modi's great attitude toward our
president influence the election
absolutely of course was it intended to
do that well in the sense that all
politics are about reelection or
election I mean everything's really
oriented toward that because that's the
system we built there all of the
politicians are supposed to be trying to
get elected that that's not the secret
plan that's explicitly what we hire them
to do do such a good job create such a
good image that we want to reluck you or
elected that's your job so they're just
out there doing their jobs but can we
imagine that the president's one phone
call with the President of the Ukraine
had any impact that was nearly as large
as every time he visits a foreign leader
or vice versa how can you compare Modi's
visit which was enormous influence on
our election it was enormous influence
on our election
how do you compare that we're we're all
watching it's all obvious and you know
but because it's just two leaders acting
friendly to each other you say to
yourself oh that's no no that's just
normal stuff well it is normal stuff for
leaders to be friendly with each other
but the the level of camaraderie that
you're seeing between these levels is
influenced great it's meant to influence
both domestic populations and I would
argue it's doing a good job but doing
exactly that and of course the other big
example is did the Brits influence our
election through Christopher Steele
through anything that they did the
answer is yes of course and how about do
we influence elections in France and
Israel and Great Britain yes all the
time do you think it doesn't matter to
people in Israel that Trump and
Netanyahu got along well of course it
mattered and mattered a lot it's all
influence so the children in the room
are looking at this conversation between
leaders and saying if it was meant as
influence and if it could have had an
impact on the election it's something
terribly terribly wrong here's me
recasting that same statement if it was
meant as influence and if it was meant
to influence the elections it would be
like every other interaction between
leaders oh they're all they all have
that same nature they all influence
elections if you do it wrong it's bad
for you if you do it right it's good for
you so we should break out of this child
frame of imagining that communication
between leaders is ever influenced
Freight or that is ever not about the
election because that's always about the
election all right
some that the funniest part of the
story is I don't know about you but I
love watching the anti-trump pers trot
out a new theory that's going to take
down the president this time this time
we got him
okay the last ten times those didn't
count this time this time we got him and
then watching you fall apart in the
usual ways you know it always starts
with the the bombshell from the
Washington Post of the New York Times
and we're not gonna give you any names
you sure we're not gonna name any names
of our sources but it's a bombshell and
then the rumors started and everybody
piles in and it's the biggest story and
then stuff starts trickling out one of
the things that trickle down to over the
weekend I think was that the so-called
whistleblower the person who is
complaining about the Ukrainian phone
call wasn't there he didn't hear it
heard it from someone else
okay now that doesn't mean that he heard
it wrong but it changes how you feel
that it does that he wasn't in the room
he didn't hear the actual words he heard
someone else's description of the words
do you think of it the same anymore
no because whoever told them the words
didn't quit
whoever reported to the whistleblower
this is what the president said that
person didn't quit and they shoulda quit
if they had a problem with it otherwise
they were just talking in other words
they didn't have a problem with it which
is part of the story too so they bring
out Carl Bernstein this is CNN they
bring out Carl Bernstein to compare it
to Watergate now Elizabeth kubler-ross
many years ago developed the what is it
these seven phases of acceptance for
death you know if somebody dies who's
close to you you go through the seven
levels of or is a is it your own death
it's one of those if your own death is
approaching there's the there's the
bargaining and there's the denying
you know you go down the the seven
levels of you know denial before you get
to acceptance and one of these seven
layers of of whatever this is it's
terrible analogy but as you watch
conspiracy theories or or charges
against the president whether it's
Russia collusion or anything else as you
watch them disintegrate in front of you
they go through this predictable phase
stages of grief oh thank you and in the
comments people telling me I should have
said stages of grief Elisabeth
kubler-ross but one of the stages of
grief for a a charge against the
president that's dying is you wheel out
Carl Bernstein to say it's a lot like
Watergate I'm positive you don't bring
that guy out unless you know you know
your you know your charge against the
president is dying so he's like a he's
like he's like the Angel of Death for an
impeachable offense so if somebody says
hey president Trump made an impeachable
defense stage one anonymous sources
stage to a little bit of softening of
the story it's like well the
whistleblower didn't hear it but he did
talk to somebody who told them about it
that's stage two stage three is somebody
pointing out that it wasn't illegal even
if all this even if all the reporting is
accurate which we've had it's like
what's the difference if he did it
that's just a president talking to
another leader he can say anything he
wants it's legal it's expected it's
normal
alright at that point it's obvious that
there's no impeachable thing here so the
next stage of grief is you will out Carl
Bernstein to say what are we talking
about well the thing is his echoes of
Watergate
and then they sort of wheel amount say
okay thanks thanks Carl that's great and
then of course the the stage of grief
right after the the Bernstein Watergate
guy is I think you know this is the Mitt
Romney stage where they bring in Mitt
Romney to show that there's even a
Republican who was who is a fact that
was terribly worried about whatever this
behavior is so I think we've reached the
the Romney stage of grief where Romney
and pretty much only Romney thinks
there's a big problem here and then I
think the stage after that would be look
over here and then the stage after that
the last stage of grief is it really did
happen you just you're you're talking
about it wrong
now we swear the thing we said happened
it did happen yeah I know all the facts
say it didn't but it really did it
happened anyway so that's the phase we
haven't gotten to yet but we're getting
there
all right here's the here's my question
there are two possibilities for this
whole Biden hunter Biden thing and
Ukraine one possibility is that nothing
was done wrong by anyone
what are you agree I'm s possibility I
don't know what the details are and I
could easily be convinced that that
maybe it looks bad but nothing illegal
happened I can easily be convinced of it
I could also easily be convinced that
there is something there
I'm making a general statement I'm not
telling you what I think is likely or
what I hope is likely I'm just saying
two possibilities either a hunter Biden
did something terrible or hunter Biden
did nothing at all and by the way those
same possibilities apply to you and me
maybe I murdered somebody this morning
maybe I didn't always two possibilities
and I asked you under either of those
conditions wasn't it still a good idea
for Trump to ask about it
because you still need to know you need
to know which it is don't you
and suppose Ukraine said yeah we'll look
into that okay we looked into it turns
out it was just business as normal
wouldn't you need to know that but
suppose it was the other way wouldn't
you also need to know that because
otherwise you might end up with Biden
getting elected and being owned by
Ukraine why isn't anybody saying that
except me if Biden got elected and we
had not looked into this Ukraine
whatever business is going on and
honestly I don't know what the hell's
going on over there
I'm totally confused about the story
everybody else's too I think
but if Biden got elected wouldn't we
have to wonder if somebody had some
stuff on him and it's over into Ukraine
oh it means Russia has it now that's
that's a jump right but I'm assuming
that Russia has figured out how to get
into Ukraine's business meaning in the
in the spy sense so I would think that
if Ukraine had some good stuff on Biden
and I'm not saying they do I think it's
terribly unfair to assert that like it's
true we can only say that the question
has been asked but you know you could
ask me if I murder somebody this morning
it doesn't mean I did it just means you
ask the question so I don't like I don't
like to throw a bunch of unearned guilt
in the Biden direction but we certainly
needed to know now you might ask
yourself why does the president have to
ask that question yeah oh well here's
the other thing was suppose that's not
the reason that Trump is asking the
question it doesn't matter it doesn't
matter at all it even if Trump's mind
the only reason they was asking is to
win an election so long as it was all so
perfectly with him the scope of his
duties is still fine it would be like
what if the president boosted the
economy so he could get reelected well
you wouldn't complain about that because
that's his job right what if he protect
from terrorism and it was just to get
elected well that's okay that's how the
system works he's supposed to work on
getting elected but part of that is just
doing his job
and this was absolutely his job so
whether or not you believe that the
reason he was doing his job was for his
own personal interest completely
irrelevant the system allows him to
pursue his self-interest he did it in
front of lots of witnesses so long as
it's also his job that's how it works
all right so this is another one of
those stories is too complicated for the
public to follow of law sort of like
Russia gate so it allows us to just
retreat to our bias anytime you add
complexity to a story it just allows
people to retreat to their team and say
well my team was right I don't know
what's going on here but my team is
right so that's what's happening
you're not seeing anybody who's got any
kind of a reasoned opinion on any of
this stuff so there I keep seeing
stories about the youth of this country
are having Eco anxiety in other words
they're so worried about climate change
that they're actually having mental
health issues like legitimate mental
health issues it's not a laughing matter
these are these are children being
damaged by the games that adults are
playing and adults are I say games
because climate change is a sort of a
political football and in order for the
adults to sell their version of climate
change to other adults it necessarily
ends up scaring the kids to death maybe
literally I mean I can't if you scare
enough kids somebody's gonna die because
of at least one it's a big country and
so and so I saw a tweet from March
nighter are are one of our favorite
nuclear energy advocates and he pointed
out that nuclear energy is actually the
cure for
Iko anxiety and i thought about it was
like that's actually true if you were to
actually accurately describe the risks
of the new generations you know the
current and new current and future
generations of nuclear energy and you
were to tell children accurately hey
children is the safest technology we
have for energy every other technology
has killed more people and here's the
thing no matter what happens with with
the planet even the most aggressive
estimates are that we'll be better off
in the future not worse kids don't
understand that when kids hear that the
climate is going to heck what they hear
is that the world is going to go bad
that their experience of life will be
worse than the ones before here's the
thing even the climate experts are not
saying that the climate the the best
estimate on economics is that over the
next 80 years the GDP will be 10% less
than it could have been but it will
still be maybe five to ten times better
than it is now so the number of people
who will be poor in the future no matter
what the climate does is going to go way
down the number of people who have a
better life
is probably going to continue going up
as it has through most of human history
and certainly modern history so who is
teaching the children that they're
doomed bad teachers any teacher who
understood the math of it wonders the
history of it who understood that
nuclear energy is just sitting there
waiting to be used to solve the problem
it is we already have the solution to
climate change we have it who's telling
the kids that we already have the
solution to it and it's nuclear energy
all right now obviously there are
government reasons and political opinion
and public opinion and all that so the
things that need to be solved but
they're fairly minor compared to
whatever the children are worrying about
fate of the planet they will be better
off almost in every situation I'll bet
I'll bet there isn't one climate for
guests that doesn't also have those same
children better off in the future
they're just not as better off as maybe
they couldn't bet that's the claim
that's their claim that's that's not
even me reinterpreting what they're
saying or anything that's their explicit
public primary claim the things will be
a lot better but they could have been
even a little bit better so it almost
makes me wonder if I need to fix this
meaning that this is a communication
problem that children need to be
deprogrammed so perhaps I could write a
one-pager to put the let's say that the
child version of what I just said into
an easy to digest maybe a page is too
much and maybe two paragraphs would be
maximum because remember it's kids so
you have to really shrink it down to its
tiniest little thing so why don't we
tell kids that if they promote the
modern version of nuclear energy not the
old the old stuff that was dangerous but
the modern version if they promote that
and if they know that carbon scrubbing
technologies are a thing they should
feel good because not only is our
generation not destroying the world
our generation made the world a lot
better don't you think would you agree
that when I say our generation I'm gonna
take my generation and every adult you
know from let's say let's say from 40 to
infinity you know over 40 let's say the
the over 40 generation which you you
would argue had the greatest influence
on that the way things are right now I
feel like the world is way better if you
look at the amount of poverty way down
isn't everything better than it was
40 years ago 60 years ago I think
everything's better and that's not going
to change and the kids need to know that
but here's the deal those kids are gonna
be the ones changing it all right we did
our job the greatest generation that was
you know the one before me fought World
War two built this country into
something amazing I kind of think they
did job I also feel like my generation
did its job I think we did our job you
know my generation was protesting the
Vietnam War and apparently that worked
we didn't do a good job with Iraq but
I'm not sure that was the public that
was more of the government so that's the
good news
all right I feel like I have jabbered
jabbered enough I'm jabbering all over
the place
I would like to put in the plug for my
book loser think let me know let me tell
you some true facts before you decide
when you're gonna buy my book loser
thing and before you decide if you want
the audio book or the hard copy let me
tell you a few facts in 2013 I published
my book kind of failed almost everything
still and big and I predicted at the
time that people wouldn't understand
when it was published how important it
would be now that was the book that
introduced the idea of systems being
better than goals which I think you've
observed has become a common public
understanding since then that all came
from me
and then you have also heard the idea of
the you've also heard the idea of the
talent stacks and that also came from me
and that book now since then that was
2013 so that six years ago enough people
have tried the ideas in the book that
now they're getting back to me people
are saying they got promotions they
people have lost vast amounts of weight
because using a system instead of a goal
for weight loss and just these
tremendous life changes people will
start
companies quit their job made a fortune
I mean I hear I literally hearing this
every day every single day somebody
contacts me usually in social media and
says your book changed my life then I
wrote wind Binkley that came out about
president Trump's of powers of
persuasion and it wasn't just about
Trump it was a book to teach you
persuasion in a very approachable
everyday way so you can see it happening
to you you could use the same techniques
for your own benefit for your business
for your personal life and now I'm
starting to hear those reports so enough
time is going by that I can't tell you
how many people read that book contacted
me and said hey you know I'm wanted to
want a better situation in my job and I
would say well you know use some of
those techniques in the book and then
they get back to me and say I got a huge
raise or I got a promotion
so when bingley is actually totally
changing people's lives that they are
getting richer by using their
negotiating powers and their persuasion
powers and going out and getting stuff
they're getting raises they're getting
promotions they're doing things that
they didn't they didn't feel they had
the the tools to go get that thing and
then would they realize that the tools
are quite approachable once they've been
explained to them then they could just
take those into their Bossin next thing
you know raise so my my new book that's
available for presale loser thing is
written for the same general purpose
meaning that it's meant to have a direct
improvement on your life in this case to
allow you to see the world in a clearer
way so the loser think is unproductive
ways of thinking and unproductive in
this this context just means you don't
have experience across a number of
domains for example when I was just
talking about climate change did you
notice how I put an economic spin on
climate change the reason I can do that
is because I'm an economics major
you know MBA etc so I've actually worked
and lived in that world where you're
doing projections so when I look at the
economic projections I can just see a
little bit deeper I can understand them
with more texture then if I had never
had that background now the argument is
you don't need to have a degree in
economics to get the basics for example
it would be easy to learn about sunk
costs it would take me a minute to
explain it to you and then you'd know it
forever it would it would take me maybe
two minutes to explain the entire
concept of the discounted value of money
if you've never heard of it
it's maybe maybe you should
and to understand that money in the
future is worth less than money today
so there are probably a dozen or so
basic ways of thinking that are common
to different disciplines if you've never
been exposed to them let's say you're
let's say your channel and life had been
art if you were an art major
or let's say just a history major and
you were looking at the world of
politics you would be flying totally
blind because you would be looking in
one window the window that you learned
your artists window or your history
window or whatever you're looking in one
window you're saying okay I see this
house and it's a bathroom that's it I'm
only looking through one window all I
see is a bathroom
I gotta go that's a delivery but if you
can see through more windows you can see
the world better and that's what loser
think is about teaching you're looking
all the windows I hope you get it
pre-order now on Amazon bye