but a bum bum bum bum boom hey guess
what it's me and it's not the morning
hello Jonathan hello Coupe DeVille
come on in here yes I know it's late for
some of you but it's never too late to
periscope with me so come on in here
we've got a thousand people already so
let's jump right into it
most of you probably saw the president's
press conference as with all
presidential press conferences what did
people think of it well people who like
the president said it was terrific best
job ever people who don't like the
president said my god what a train wreck
it was like a garbage fire so we can't
really make any determination about
whether he did well or poorly because
people just lined up on their team and
took their team side what I watched
looked really good so the parts I saw I
didn't see every minute of the press
conference but I saw the good parts I
think and I thought his answers were
measured and reasonable and they gave us
some clues about what's coming so here's
the first thing the question of whether
the FBI should investigate and whether
they should delay things until the FBI
investigates is completely unnecessary
why it's because the Democrats have
decided how they're going to vote what
would be the point of investigating if
it doesn't have any chance of changing
anybody's mind now if the investigation
could develop solid physical evidence
you know if it was somehow possible to
go back 35 years and find the semen the
the fingerprint the the camera that was
running at the time well then maybe
you'd have something because then you'd
have physical evidence but I don't
believe there's anyone here or anywhere
in the world who believes that physical
evidence exists
and if physical evidence doesn't exist
what are all the possible outcomes of an
FBI investigation you talk to people
some people say it might have happened
or did happen some people say it
definitely didn't what would that change
it's exactly our current situation the
worst case scenario and the best case
scenario are identical there's no
difference so why would you do something
that takes time and money that doesn't
have any chance of changing the vote
none no chance of changing the vote
because the only thing you're going to
find is more eyewitness or human
accounts of something that happened 235
years ago if let's say they let's say
the FBI investigated and found three
more women who suspiciously were Hillary
Clinton supporters who said yes I think
something happened would that change
your mind it would not it totally would
not because at this point you expect the
other side to come up with stories that
are either imagined or a convenient or
something
now here's what might make a difference
suppose they went back and found a solid
Trump supporter as an adult who makes a
claim from those days if you have a
current Trump supporter say I I know I
love the president but I can't live with
this this bad thing happened I might
find that a little bit more persuasive
it's not proof it's not evidence there's
nothing like that but it would be
persuasive but it's kind of a
coincidence
that somehow young Kavanagh knew to only
molest people who grew up to become
Hillary supporters how do you do that
you know I mean I'm over a claiming here
that's not exactly true but we haven't
seen anybody who's you know a hardcore
Republican who's making any kind of
claim about him now do we imagine that a
hardcore Republican which is
bite the bullet and say well you know if
this happened to me but I'd still rather
have the Supreme Court go the way I want
I don't think so I doubt it you know if
there were if her potential Republican
had the same experience as the people
making the claims I think they'd they
jump in at this point so remember to
look for the blank part of the canvas
look for the dog that isn't barking and
the dog that isn't barking is a
Republican claim that he did something
wrong they're all on the same side so
it's a red flag
now we will never know the facts
it can't be known it cannot be known
there's no FBI investigation no kind of
investigation that will ever give us the
facts will only have humans talking
about it and therefore nobody's going to
change their mind because we just decide
to you know believe the humans that we
choose to believe so the best answer to
why do you not want the FBI to
investigate is that it can't
can't it can't change the outcome they
can't there's nothing that anything
anybody could say that would change the
outcome and the Democrats have proved
that beyond any doubt so had the repent
a little more mixed you know had there
been some Democrats who are leaning for
Kavanagh some leaning against then I
would say you know why not have a little
more investigating because yeah it's
only a few weeks and maybe the people
were leaning in one direction we'll get
a feel to lean lean in a different
direction but when people are making
decisions based on party what's the
point
there's no point there's no point in an
investigation so I thought president
Trump he said some version of what I
just said
he said it differently but it was the
same point here's the best part of what
Trump said and here's the master
persuader part so Trump said in his
press conference that
it's a con job so that's the first good
part because he's been called a con
artist since the beginning so he has a
really good opportunity here to quite
legitimately persuasively call the other
the other side of con artists which will
make it less effective when they say it
about him so he loves to do this
whatever whatever they're calling him
you know fake news fake news no you're
the fake news so he's really good at
grabbing the gun out of your hand and
turning it around and so he's doing that
with this con artist thing he's hitting
it really hard so that's good the other
thing he said was he painted you a
mental visual picture he said imagine
Chuck Schumer and the Democrats when
they closed the door they go in a room
and they close the door and you're all
out there outside the door and he said
they're laughing at you they're laughing
at the con job they pulled off that is
so good mockery is a very effective
persuasion if you think you're being
mocked it just it just throws you into
an emotional state where you just need
to make that go away because we're sort
of organically designed to try to avoid
mocking you know that's why we have
embarrassment that's why civilization
holds together we are very primed to do
whatever we can to avoid being mocked
and he's now painted a visual movie and
he brought you into the movie he brought
you into the room and said there's Chuck
Schumer there are the other Democrats
who made this stuff up they're all
laughing at you they're laughing at you
oh my god that's good persuasion paints
a picture makes it visual gives you a
fear goes right to the you know right to
the the base of your head where you're
afraid of being mocked and he's he's
raised he's raised to the possibility
that you're a sucker and that it's
obvious now here's the thing independent
independent of whether any things happen
35
years ago independent of that here's
what you know you know Chuck Schumer's
laughing about it behind closed doors
right that part of it you know for sure
alright we're not reading minds here but
in the real world we live in when any
any team gets a good play you know that
they're having a good time about it so
you know that humor and the people who
are involved in you know the resistance
they do actually laugh about it there's
almost a certainty that that's happening
all right now let's give me your I'm
gonna give you my prediction of what has
to happen now and you have to understand
the arc of the persuade of the
accusations so on day one when you heard
the first accusation that he had touched
doctor Ford when there were teenagers
against her will and had you know
threatening Lee you know act like he was
gonna rape her or she believed that when
you first heard that that was the
highest level of credibility so moment
one was the highest credibility and the
reason it has the highest credibility is
different from whether it's true or
false because when you hear something
like that it's so hard to do it's hard
to go public it was it was a little bit
specific you know that we nobody
remembers what day something happened 35
years ago but it was specific about what
happened so I said to myself true or
false that is a credible sounding
accusation but then time goes by so we
give it our highest accusation right out
of the gate and that's probably we
always should you know we probably
always should give it maximum
credibility at moment one but that other
information comes out there are things
we learned about her the timing of
things why did this happen what about
this coincidence etc and over time the
you know the circumstantial evidence
around it starts to chip away at
credibility then you needed what you
needed and everybody was saying is where
are the other people where is the
pattern of this happening if you don't
have a pattern it doesn't look credible
and that was really taking a bite into
that first accusation where's the
pattern where's the pattern and of
course the anti-trump errs had to
produce the pattern so here's what we
can say for sure if there were no people
who had real stories fake stories would
have been produced the stakes are high
enough there are enough people in the
world somebody's going to take a chance
like that so there was a certainty that
there would be more and sure enough
right on schedule there's the woman who
says I don't really remember if it was
him but somebody exposed themselves and
I I searched my memory until I convinced
myself essentially I'm paraphrasing
convinced myself that it was true now
when you compare that accusation to the
original one which was started out
gold-plated it was highest level of
credibility but it decreased a little
bit over time the second accusation sort
of started where the first one had
already reduced in credibility it wasn't
sort of comparable at that point because
you probably said to yourself and she
didn't remember it until she searched
her memory that sounds like a
manufactured memory so now the second
one had the advantage of having quantity
so it was still persuasive in its weird
way because it was a second thing even
though it was far less credible than the
first one was even after the first one
had degraded in credibility and remember
I'll keep saying this every time I say
credibility that doesn't mean it's true
or false that part we don't know and we
never will but is the story credible now
avenatti enters the arena what does a
vanadis presence do to the credibility
of the claim well he's the saw
he's such a biased player and he's such
a trigger that at least four people on
the right his very presence makes
whatever happens that he's involved with
less credible now again doesn't mean
it's not true it's just that he's not a
credible player to the people on the
right
I think he's credible on the left
probably so let's say he's sort of half
credible but then we hear the actual
accusations about the ten episodes or so
of gang rapes in a party situation in
which nobody else has reported these
gang rapes nobody reported them at the
time and the accuser kept going back to
these parties until she was actually the
subject of a gang rape now that claim
started with no credibility you know
it's starting place was close to zero
credibility this is my opinion this is
not anybody else's opinion but I think
most of you had a similar opinion that
the third one was even less credible
than the first two so it started here
went down to here over time as we found
out more the second one started here and
you know hasn't changed much but it was
never good to begin with and then the
third one is way down here now two ways
to look at that one way is that now
we've developed something that looks
like quantity so the the anti-trump er
is the anti Kavanagh what people can say
well even if you don't believe one of
them the other two well even if you
don't believe two of them there's still
one left
what about all this quantity it's a
pattern of behavior so they've got that
going for them but here's my take on it
the third accusation makes it impossible
for him not to be approved here's why if
the government allows this level of
credibility
to derail their nominee we don't have a
government we don't have a government so
it's a big deal that's very
destabilizing consider these two
outcomes one outcome is a Kavanagh gets
nominated there's some marching in the
streets people are unhappy they
complained they they register to vote
they do all the things that people do
but don't you think the left is kind of
expecting him to get kind of expecting
that he's going to make it through right
and if they're not expecting it today
they have been expecting it for most of
the time so when something happens that
you don't like but you expected it and
it's well within the system nobody
cheated it's all well within the system
there's sort of a natural limit on how
worked up you're gonna get about it
right so the worst case scenario for the
the anti Kavanagh folks is that you're
they're just really unhappy for a while
well we'll get past it what is the
downside to the Republican Party if they
let these these accusations given the
level of credibility to them as a
collective what is the risk to them of
withdrawing the nomination if you have
children around I would like you to
cover their ears there are some times
when I just have to curse and this is
one of those times so I'm giving you
fair and fair notice if you have anybody
young or if you don't want to hear some
cursing you should cover your ears or
turn down the sound because I'm going to
curse if the Republicans let this level
of credibility derail this nomination
they are dead they are
dead as a party because at the very
least the people who voted against it
who also have an R next to their name
don't have a chance of winning
re-election because it's going to be
absolute disaster
right so if Republicans don't get this
through sure you could say well they
nominate somebody else but you have to
stop you have to stop this from
happening again there's a precedent here
right the precedent is that you can
throw anything up against the wall you
could stop the gears of government if
the Republicans allow the gears of
government to stop over this
there's no forgiving it there's no
forgiving it now I think we might
forgive the Republicans who voted for
nomination or for confirmation but the
people who vote against it they can
never play in politics again they got to
be removed you know legally right I'm
not not talking about anything but a
legal election process yes if the people
who are on the fence who are not
planning to retire anyway you know if
anybody's in that category any Democrat
votes against this given what avenatti
brought to the party they can no longer
be credible politicians and you should
expect that the full weight of the
Republican Party would be on them and
they would get primary dand and there
would be almost unlimited money to
defeat them and they would just never be
taken seriously again so those are the
the two outcomes so if you're a
Republican what are you gonna do well
there might be there might be some
senators who are Republicans who vote
against it could happen but it's a death
wish political death wish not a physical
death wish and what happens if they vote
against it let's say you're Republican
and you vote against Kavanagh because of
these claims what happens then another
Republican is nominated and you still
end up with basically the same kind of
person might be female might be male but
the outcome is going to be the same for
the country but what will be the outcome
for that senator gone all right
gone no senator who is a Republican can
survive this if they vote against them
so tell me I'm wrong right okay does
anybody think anything I said there is
not accurate
so given Trump's personality you know
what he wants he wants it to go through
given that the Republicans want to win
they can have a win it's possible and
they have complete maximum you know
mutually assured destruction going on
for their own party it would get very
ugly for those senators so nobody can
nobody can threaten especially the
female senators who are having second
thoughts you know because there's
there's a gender issue that's on top of
all this but in terms of what would
happen there's no question about it so
this is this is one of those great tests
of the system which I kind of I kind of
appreciate every now and then that our
our whole Republic gets stress test
stress tested and this is one of those
times so the whole the whole system
developed by the founders you know
hundreds of years ago these people who
are pooping in holes in the ground and
you know couldn't imagine the internet
or anything that was coming they built
this system that's still freakin working
it's pretty impressive and this is just
a good test of it to me it seems that
the system is so strong and we are so I
would say you know brainwashed or
socialized into buying into the system
you know the Constitution I'm talking
about that that allowing this candidate
for the Supreme Court to be derailed for
these reasons that are impossible to
verify if if we let that happen we will
have basically
prove the founders wrong they thought
they had a system with the right checks
and balances but it's possible that they
didn't you know maybe it's incomplete
maybe maybe it's not quite right but
we're gonna find out I feel very
confident that there's only one way this
can go unless we learn something new
now we could learn something new but if
the only thing we learn this new comes
in the form of somebody talking oh I
remember this is that then I think
Cavanaugh has to get confirmed let me
let me ask you this would you rather
have a Supreme Court justice who is
tainted by these accusations
you know he's qualified but he's tainted
by these accusations or would you rather
live in the system that stopped him for
these reasons it's not even close I'll
take the tainted Supreme Court justice
every time all right
tainted Supreme Court justice doesn't
sound even close to as bad as the
alternative let me tell you something
else
if Cavanaugh doesn't get confirmed and
let's say Democrats come back to power
with some minor come back to power with
some minor majority do you think they're
ever going to not have this happen to
them because there's sort of a rule that
once somebody does something you can
they got to pay them back you know it's
sort of a mutually assured destruction
situation so Democrats have totally
eliminated their ability to ever get
somebody approved in the future if they
stick with this and if it works we just
won't have any more Supreme Court
justices I think or at least none that
aren't tainted that every Supreme Court
justice after this will be tainted so
it's going to be lots of taint taints
everywhere
somebody's saying red wave I don't think
it translates that way I don't think the
red wave is it is going to grow out of
whatever
happens with the Supreme Court I just
don't know that that's that's a equals B
I'm just looking at your comments now so
that's all I had to say I just wanted to
get on and talk about what's happening I
think the president's doing a good job
of keeping things in perspective I
laughed when he said that he's also been
the subject of fake he spend the subject
of fake claims so I can't remember if I
said this this morning or I thought of
it this afternoon but I'm gonna say it
again anyway if you were going to ask
yourself for any given person there's a
claim of a crime whether it's a sex
crime or some of the crime if somebody
claims somebody did a crime what are the
odds that it's true just from the claim
you haven't looked at any evidence yet
there's just a claim well probably you'd
say it's probably true people don't
really blame people of crimes you know
to willy nilly they usually take that
pretty seriously
so usually where there's an accusation
there is a crime usually not always but
what about in the case where there's an
accusation against a famous person do
the stats still hold for famous people
how many times do you think I've been
falsely accused I mean I told you about
my my stalker and that wasn't the the
only issue I've had in my famous life
but for famous people and you know I'm
not nearly as famous as Cavanaugh or the
president or anything it is routine to
have accusations from stalkers people
remember things people who thought it
was you well let me give you another
another problem when when I was younger
and Dilbert was just getting famous it
was not unusual for someone to claim
they were me to take a bed to take a
woman to bed so there were guys who were
playing who are claiming they were me
because most people didn't know what I
like you know it was sort of early
internet days so people would go to a
bar and say hey you ever hear that
Dilbert comic and if they got somebody
saying yeah that's a that's a big deal
they say yeah well I'm Scott Adams I'm
rich and I'm an artist and can I buy you
a drink and it turns out I hated I hated
to hear this but it turns out you can
close the deal pretty well by claiming
you're me now are there people in this
country who believe they had sex with me
remember having sex with me who I have
never met yes yes there are how many I
don't know but there are some number of
people who have a very specific memory
of having sex with me that I have never
met how uncommon is that for a famous
person not it's very common for famous
people to have other people imagine they
had sex alone it actually is a thing it
happens so if you're saying what are the
odds that somebody would make a fake
accusation well if you were a normal
citizen that wasn't famous the odds are
it probably would be true but those odds
I believe and I don't know if there's
any way to I don't know if there's any
way to measure this but probably the
odds might reverse for famous people you
know you always have your Cosby's and
such or the we're gonna you know they're
gonna ruin the whole curve but famous
men are all accused of sex crimes it's
just a thing if you didn't know that and
you were looking at the situation and
thinking well nobody's going to accuse
somebody unless they probably did it
then you're in a completely different
universe of probability the probability
of somebody in that position being
accused is very very high all right yeah
it was easier in my case because people
didn't know what I looked like and by
the way the Jim Davis who's the creator
of Garfield had a big problem with this
so there was somebody who learned how to
draw garfield and it was somebody who
looked enough like Jim Davis or people
didn't check that he was actually
apparently he was he was doing a great
job of getting women to bed in Florida I
think it was I think was Florida and so
there's two cartoonists two cartoonists
I know of that have some population of
women who believe they've had sex with
those cartoonists and the cartoonists
have never met those women it's a weird
world so blockchain can solve that
problem somebody said somebody said I
had that pulled on me years ago and now
I get it yes I wonder how many other
women have encountered a man who claimed
to be something else something more
famous or more rich any other women had
that situation Wow
friend lost everything on a false
accusation tried to kill himself
that is awful it's happened at least
twice to me Janet says Wow
I never thought to ask that question
before but it's a good one isn't it
alright I'm just looking at your
comments and I think I've said enough
and I'm gonna go do something else and I
will catch up with you in the morning
but you know I apologize for the cursing
I hope you know it was necessary this
was this was mandatory cursing today so
yeah it does seem like a lot of women
are saying I am Spartacus this week oh
did I say somebody asked me about my
estimate of Cosby being guilty and I
said 40% I don't remember ever saying
that but let's say I did the the moment
the first accusations come in if you're
a normal citizen they're probably
credible but if you're a star again the
odds are reversed now Cosby clearly is
guilty because the evidence was
overwhelming
the accusers exes say she's crazy and
lie all the time
I would need a fact check on that I
haven't seen a source to say that how
does it work for the real Scott Adams
confidential information all right I'll
talk to you all later tomorrow probably