hey
everybody come on in it's time it's time
for coffee with Scott Adams the best
part of the day don't you feel better
already just
knowing that the simultaneous zip is
coming and the hour that you like better
than any other hour is about to begin oh
yeah oh yeah it's that good and all you
need is a copper Mar glasses tanker chal
sign a canteen juger flask asol love any
kind fill it with your favorite liquid I
like coffee and join me now for the
unparalleled pleasure the dopamin of the
day the thing that makes everything
better it's called the simultaneous hip
and it happens now
go did I see that the machines were
unapproved update the night
before
yes we'll talk about all of the things
in a moment but in no particular order
here's a question I was wondering today
if by
coincidence all of this happened at once
let's say let's say you got red pilled
Born Again woke and you got TDS all at
the same time would they cancel out or
would some of them make the other 's
worse I'll just leave you with that you
can think about that well the big news
today is that uh the Joe Biden
pre-administration
unverified
president-elect he's killing it he's
killing it not only has Joe Biden
developed in just a few short days of
being a presumptive unverified president
uh apparently he's caused fizer to have
a great success 90% effective uh
Effectiveness with their covid uh
vaccine and we could have some number of
it by the end of the year stock market
is surging Joe Biden is making me richer
by the moment thank you Joe Biden and
with any luck with any
luck the Republicans will maintain the
Senate and Joe Biden will not raise my
taxes he'll cure the Corona virus
and it's all good for me um so so we got
that going on now uh I don't know if you
saw that
scaramucci tweeted that uh Joe Biden has
already come up with a Corona virus
vaccine and the world is so crazy that
people couldn't tell he was
joking so in case you saw that and you
don't think he was joking he was joking
no Anthony scaramucci does not believe
that Biden came up with a Corona virus
vaccine in uh five days after being
elected but he tweeted it and it was
pretty
funny um I would like to uh get your
agreement that we can spend the entire
day today on social media arguing about
the word
accepting because the Democrats say that
Republicans are not accepting the result
of the election they're not accepting it
that's right they're not accepting the
result of an election that is part of a
process that's still in motion and could
end up with the opposite result but you
Republicans you're not accepting you're
not accepting the
outcome of a process that hasn't
finished so what is wrong with you
people
that you do not accept that you can't
see the future are some of you so
limited that you don't have the ability
to foresee the future with certainty how
do you not know that the ultimate
outcome of all these legal challenges
will be nothing at all how do you know
how do you not know with all of your ESP
and ability to see the future how do you
not know that it's over already or is it
or is it we'll talk about about
that one of the most interesting ideas
that I've seen coming out of this
election week is that Trump should just
declassify
everything just
everything now when I say everything
it's not really everything because if
it's military secrets you don't want to
declassify those but just in terms of
what our government has done to us and
for us for the past several decades
including you know big stories from the
past
um whether or not Trump can succeed in
his challenges to the
election wouldn't he like to see him
just declassify
everything now let me draw a picture for
you of something that could happen you
can put your own odds of it happening on
here but I want to tell you it could
happen completely
possible that Trump could declassify so
much stuff that it ends up half draining
the swamp with just one act of just
declassifying a bunch of stuff then
suddenly the swamp is going to get a
little smaller when we find out what's
in there at least that half of the swamp
but the other thing that could happen
and again you can put your own odds on
it if there are any Democrats watching
this the odds you would put on the
following thing would be zero probably
that would not be rational because
everything has a little bit of a chance
but you would probably say
zero and Republicans might say a little
higher chance that the president will
succeed in showing that there was
massive voter
fraud now imagine if he did and again I
know Democrats are going to say that
doesn't exists there's no evidence of
massive widespread fraud we've been
through this Scott it's been studied
many times Scott don't you know it's
been studied many times there's no fraud
but what if there
were just imagine with Me Close Your
Eyes imagine the veins bulging no that's
something else um but just imagine that
the president did these two things and
maybe even left
office right so we don't know how it all
ends but suppose he did these two things
Declassified a whole bunch of stuff and
then proved that the election was
fraudulent in some massive way
would you say no matter whether he
stayed in office after that or not would
you say that he did a a lot to drain the
swamp with those two
things even if he doesn't end up
prevailing and that's the end of his uh
terms even then if he Declassified
everything and also proved that there
was Major fraud maybe not enough to
change the election don't know but that
would go a long Long Way wouldn't it in
terms of uh saying that he drained the
swamp um it doesn't you know doesn't fix
all the money problems but it would
certainly be a big big bite out of it
um here's what I think would be the most
baller thing that Trump could do I want
to be very careful that you hear this
next part he's not going to do this
right so what I'm going to describe next
is not a prediction it's not even a
suggest
I'm just saying that if you're looking
at all the possible things that could
happen here's one of them and it's a fun
one and it goes like this why is George
Washington so revered in our history and
in our minds well a lot of reasons first
president you know general of the for
the Revolutionary War so he he has lots
of things for which you would give him
lots of credit but I would argue that in
terms of his total myth the thing that
makes George Washington you know number
one in our
minds is that he walked away from the
president presidency when it was his to
have in other words he served his one
term and then easily he could have
become practically a dictator because he
had so much love and power at that point
that if he
wanted he could have turned the whole
American experiment into a dictatorship
uh now some historians might disagree
with me they always do but he's famous
for walking away from power and that
little model of behavior became the
model which has rippled through time to
the point where one of our most valued
uh you know I guess Traditions is a
peaceful transfer of power and also the
fact that we don't have uh dictators we
have presidents and you know you got to
go after a while it's four years and
might be eight years but you got to go
that that's not negotiable you got to go
sometime so there's this weird situation
which is formed in which you could
imagine the following sequence of events
now again you're not going to put
necessarily big odds on these on this
happening but completely within the
realm of possible and it goes like this
President Trump challenges the vote
discovers that there is massive fraud
and it reverses the the election let's
say there's so much fraud again I know
you think that the odds of finding this
are really really small and zero if
you're a Democrat but just just work
with me until I complete the picture
let's say he does find massive fraud and
it reverses the election he is
inaugurated as the new president of the
United States but he can see that the
the country is on fire
could you imagine could you imagine what
the Democrats would be doing if after
all this celebrating and winning it got
reversed by the courts can you imagine
oh the country would be on fire even
though the law had been followed the
Constitution had been satisfied and in
as hypothetical the president got fairly
elected after the legal system fixed any
alleged hypothetical frauds and then
imagine the following the moment he's um
the moment he's done with his
inauguration for the second term he
turns to Mike Pence and says I
resign I resign it's all you because the
things that Trump has changed could
largely stay in place under a president
Pence but his personality would be taken
out of the fight and that would take all
the steam out of the opposition
and so the the best thing for Trump's
Legacy ironically might be to give up
power but you can't give it up until you
have it so if he were to concede now
that would look a little quitter is
wouldn't it little bit exactly not why
you voted for him in the first place if
he did if Trump conceded without putting
up a hell of a fight he wouldn't be the
guy you wanted for the second term
anyway would he do you want a
second-term president who has no fight
left in
him right it solves itself if Trump
didn't fight you also really wouldn't
want him for your second term president
if he does fight well he's the person
you elected if you voted for him and if
that fight gets him into office well
that's exactly why you you voted for him
because he can fight and he has a pretty
good history of winning so imagine a
president president Pence pardoning or
whatever the right legal words are
President Trump for all current and
future legal problems that arise out of
the presidency or even before I suppose
and then the president with a clean
slate and a president Pence who is
maintaining Trump's Legacy imagine
president Trump then
retiring and starting his own media
platform how successful would a trump
startup or maybe he buy some existing
property but if a trump media platform
arose with the president
Pence so that Pence had the full
Firepower of the Trump media
organization newly formed which would be
pure
fire giving Pence all the the air
support he needed to you know move
things
forward what happens what would happen
to Trump's
Legacy it gets pretty close to George
Washington doesn't it uh if any of you
remember when Trump was first elected I
very unpopular said he should really
think about being a one-term president
because I think the disruptors work
better as one-term presidents because
they cause so much disruption that even
as they're fixing things there's also
disruption and you know maybe maybe
that's by their nature that should be a
limited time engagement because the the
country can't take so much um psychic
stress to get things done so he got a
lot done and if if the things that Trump
already got done were simply continued
in some form it'd be a pretty strong
package and he would be the George
Washington of our time and his legacy
would be I think
legitimately um you know not that it
would happen in real life but I think he
would legitimately be a
uh one of the top five top five
presidents of all time so I think he
would be in the same conversation with
Washington and um you know Jefferson and
and even Lincoln if he walked away but
like I say if he walked away I'm not
sure he would look like the same
president you thought you wanted so
don't expect Trump to become suddenly
not Trump at age 70 whatever so it's not
a prediction nor is it a
recommendation it's neither a prediction
nor a recommendation so when you later
mock me for being
crazy just remember you're mocking
something that didn't happen I didn't
say I recommend it I didn't say it's
likely to happen so there's nothing to
mock here okay put your own odds on How
likely it is and then go home all
right uh here's a yeah there a lot of
well-meaning people are suggesting that
Trump should concede I saw that Piers
Morgan said it he's been a big Trump
supporter but also critic um you know he
does he does try to at least be
reasonably un you know critical and
supportive when it makes sense I'll give
him that um but now Pierce Morgan says
it's time to
concede here's what I say to Pierce
Morgan pece do you know what president
Trump
knows cuz I don't think you do I don't
think you
do do you think that President Trump has
more current information than you and I
do about the likelihood of finding
massive fraud you know big enough to
really make a difference I'm not talking
about the the 100 dead people that
allegedly voted somewhere and probably
didn't I'm not talking about the alleged
you know postal employee you through way
on ballots I'm not talking about the
little stuff do you think it's
possible that Trump knows more than we
do and that in let's say a week we might
know it too so I would say that if the
president who clearly knows more than we
do about what's coming if he's decided
to stay in it I say I think I want to
wait and see I think I'd wait and see
now um Tom Arnold came over to uh dunk
on me on on
Twitter and uh let me read his his
dunking statement here so Tom Arnold
said to me today he goes I bet losing
sucks Scott Adams but good Lord man stop
whining and coming up with crazy ass
nonsensical and stupidly complicated
excuses it's beneath you maybe not but
it is beneath 7.8 billion other people
America voted you lost put on your big
boy panties and congratulate
us now first of
all um if I've taught you anything it's
that the biggest illusion in life is
that other people think and feel the way
you
do I remember when I was a teenager and
I would have a a crush on some teen girl
and she wouldn't like me back the way I
liked her her and I would think well
this doesn't make sense she must not
understand how much I like her cuz if
she knew she would like me back the same
amount isn't that how it works you know
when you're a teenager you think well
doesn't my liking you force you to like
me back the same way I I'm confused I'm
liking you nothing's coming back why why
is this not working and then eventually
with maturity you learn
that people are so different that you
can't even often even imagine what
they're thinking literally you can't
even imagine it but in order for us to
navigate life and deal with other people
it is necessary for you to make
assumptions about what other people are
thinking because you couldn't operate in
life without making assumptions all day
long about what people are thinking it's
just that we're not good at it and
that's the illusion of life you have to
do it because otherwise you couldn't
deal socially but you're terrible at it
we are awful at doing the thing that we
have to do which is imagining what other
people are thinking so when I'm watching
uh Tom arold and other uh anti-trumpers
come over and try to dunk on me they
usually say something like Tom Arnold
said I bet losing sucks and I'm reading
this tweet and I'm
thinking um does it let me check let me
see if losing sucks so I went to my
stats and I checked to see okay my
locals subscriptions are way up that's
locals is the platform I'm on where I do
the stuff you don't see here and okay
that's so far that looks good and then I
went over to see how many people watched
my live stream yesterday normally my
live stream would get 50 60,000 viewers
yesterday my live stream had a quarter
million so
so my I'm getting you know five times
more
attention um so that that's good um what
else should I be unhappy about let me uh
let me check my
stocks holy okay I'm not happy
about I'm not unhappy about my stocks uh
my net worth just reached uh its highest
point in my life literally
today is that that's actually a true
statement that today literally right now
my net worth reached its highest
point Thank You President Biden am I
unhappy
yet I'm still talking about politics and
I'm not spending a lot of time excusing
something that Trump tweeted which is
never never a fun day
anyway I can't find the part where I'm
unhappy I W I wake up for the last
several days and I think is there going
to be some kind of weird depression sets
in am I going to wear a hat and
yell at the
sky but it didn't
happen and I'm thinking the Democrats
and people in the left are suffering I
think a sort of universal uh uh
illusion that the way they felt when
Trump won would be in any way similar to
the way that we would
feel if Trump lost and it's not it's not
even close is it is it my
imagination that uh the Republicans the
Trump supporters are having some kind of
a feeling that I will describe which is
disappointment right disappointment but
disappointment is a normal feature of
Life disappointment doesn't change your
life disappointment doesn't make you go
from you know uh you know happy to
unhappy you get disappointed all day
long what do conservatives do when
things don't work
out blame themselves right isn't that
first the first thing you do is blame
yourself ah I could have worked harder
you know should have should have tried
to convince more people um but also
you're looking at you know the details
itself and saying well things would have
been different if this had been
different and that would be different
but that's just a hobby it's a hobby to
look at what happened and say it was
because of this variable or this
variable when in fact it was all the
variables you know but it's just a hobby
to say I think it was that one variable
that's the one that
mattered watch me do it right
now I will now do that hobby where I act
as though there was one variable that
was the one that mattered okay
this is my opinion and it's my real
opinion by the way if at any time during
the election cycle president Trump had
called a press conference and said look
I just want to settle one
thing uh Biden is running his campaign
based on the fine people hoax I want to
show you the video in front of the world
I want to show you the part that he
quotes and then I'm just going to let
the video play so you can see the part
that the fake news doesn't show you
there's nothing else I'm going to talk
about today this is just a press
conference to show you that this is the
alpha hoax and it was never
true and see for yourself and then he
just plays it just stands aside and just
plays it and it gets to the point where
he says without any prompting after he
said find people on both sides without
prompting you let the video play and he
goes and I'm not talking about the
neo-nazis and the white nationalists
they should be condemned totally and on
that sent sentence he should just turn
off the video look at the crowd and say
all I'm asking is that you put a little
bit of scrutiny on your own media
sources this lie is one of the worst
lies in American history and you bought
it completely and it probably changed
your opinions about the other
allegations against me and made you
think maybe those are true because if
this one was true it might influence you
on the other ones and people are making
a big deal about this one so you feel
like this is true if at any time the
president had simply made a special
press conference just about
that just on that one topic and didn't
take questions this is important don't
take questions and then just walked
off that video would exist forever and
all of his supporters could you know
retweet it every time somebody brought
up that rumor every time Biden would say
it again it would be attached on his
social media you know statement and and
everybody would see the
debunk uh and of course you know maybe
CNN doesn't show it but social media
would be strong enough to to get it out
now it's one thing when I I debunk it or
you know Steve Cortez or Joel poock
debunks it because there's an assumption
that we're sort of in the in the tank
for Trump and we would just make up
anything that's what other people would
imagine it's not true it's not even
close to true true for any of the three
of us that we would just make something
up to win a point I don't think the
three of us have ever done that just
make something up
um but if the president had done it and
treated it seriously he wouldn't have
needed an apology all he needed was to
debunk that thing and he would be easily
reelected even if there was fraud I
don't think they could have frauded it
enough to keep him out of the White
House if he' done that one thing and he
didn't um
the other thing that might be good about
a uh Biden presidency if it comes to
that and I still don't predict that
that's going to happen but if it did and
he uh pursued the rapid testing that
I've been talking about for a few months
now the rapid testing is different from
the really good testing that you might
have to have a machine for actual device
if you want to get to you know 98% or
whatever a high level of certainty you
need a machine but you could be about
80% sure that you did or did not have
Corona virus infection with these cheap
tests that might C cost a dollar and the
idea is if you massively tested all day
long not all day long but let's say
every day with the not so accurate tests
but they only cost a dollar you would
get enough of the virus early enough
that would just shut it down so you
don't have to get all the tests right
you have to get 80% of them right and do
it a lot and make it cheap and make it
universally available and then you just
close down the virus now I and lots of
other people have been sort of lobbying
in social media and other ways to see if
the White House would pursue that
strategy and as far as I know they
didn't as far as I know so if Biden came
in on day one and said well look this is
a strategy that hasn't been pursued if
that's true could it could be that's
it's being pursued and I don't know
about it but um and that would be a
problem in itself because if it's being
pursued and I don't know about it well
that's a pretty big mistake just that I
don't know about it they should be
telling the public if they're doing that
so I'm assuming they're
not so if Biden did he would actually
get credit for shutting down the the
virus and I would be the first one to
give it to him because he if he did the
thing that I've been lobbying for Trump
to do for months and it worked
I'm not going to ignore that you know
what I mean I'm not going to ignore that
likewise if Trump wins
reelection uh uh you know through these
court cases or whatever and he did
it I'd say could have been sooner but uh
I'm glad he did
it I'd like to get an agreement from
Democrats in advance see if you would
like this too can we get an agreement
from the Democrats that in the
extraordinarily unlikely situation
according to them that the election was
reversed and it was done based on uh
data and facts that everybody could
observe let's let's say hypothetically
that massive fraud was discovered hasn't
hasn't we haven't seen this evidence yet
but let's say it was and let's say the
election is reversed because the fraud
very clearly hypothetically
shows that it should have gone to Trump
in some key places and it's enough to
swing the election let's say that
happens would you like to get from
Democrats in advance because it should
be free to them to give this an
agreement that if it gets gets reversed
that they will be good
sports like I am and like many of you
are wouldn't you say that um Republicans
although they'd still like to know see
how the legal process plays out that's
just reasonable but wouldn't you say
that that Republicans have largely been
good sports can I make that claim I
would say we've been good sports it's
legitimate to question you know the
details and look into whether any fraud
happened but that's kind of separate you
shouldn't you always look into fraud it
doesn't matter who won you should sort
of always look into that if it's real I
mean there's a real real claim of it
so anyway um let's get the Democrats to
agree because just in case things go the
other way wouldn't you like to have them
on record saying you
know um we if it gets reversed the first
thing we're going to do is ask uh Biden
to
concede is that not reasonable is it not
reasonable to ask the Democrats in the
unlikely case that this gets reversed
that they would immediately and
unambiguously go to Biden and say oh we
have new information Biden you need to
concede right now that's fair don't you
think you know the this the persuasion
element of this is if you can get people
to say something publicly they're more
likely to stick to it even if they don't
want to so it's sort of a strategy to
get them to stick to it now we're sort
of almost kind of succeeding in that
strategy anyway now of course it doesn't
matter if the election turns out to be
verified and goes on the way it is but
if it got reversed because we found some
fraud of major scale
hypothetically
um I think that the Democrats have
already created a uh a norm and an
expectation that once the vote through
the normal legal process looks like you
have a winner that it's time for the
other one to
concede so they've sort of created that
without having to commit in advance that
they would you know act that way if
things reversed they've simply acted
that way so they're a little bit trapped
already um Biden wants a mask
mandate and of course that's the thing
that gets conservatives pretty fired up
it's like don't give me no mandates I
want some freedom but I'm trying to
think how that would actually have any
effect on me what would I do differently
if there were a mask mandate because I
live in California and California
already has mask requirements basically
everywhere if I leave the house right so
what's different is there some state
where they have a big Corona virus
infection and they're not wearing masks
I don't know the details but it seems to
me that wherever the infection looks
like it's a problem the locals pretty
soon say everybody wear
masks somebody says the world doesn't
revolve around you
Scott was there some place during this
presentation that I seem to suggest to
you dear commenter that the world
revolves around
me did that happen am I unaware that I
said something about the world revolving
around me directly or indirectly did
that happen or or is this another one of
those cases where you believe that I
think the way you do and then if you
were in my situation right now and said
the things I said and did the things I
did do you believe that uh I would be
thinking in my internal private
thoughts that the world revolves around
me is that why you're
hallucinating cuz I I certainly don't
think the world revolves around me
that would be crazy from top to bottom
there's not even there's not even any
slight way that that makes sense
indeed I said exactly the opposite which
is that uh people don't think like me
which is the opposite of that all
right enough of that so to me as a
Persuader and somebody who cares about
persuasion just sort of as a a hobby if
nothing else um I am really really
interested in how the mainstream media
the corporate media is creating a
persuasion bubble around their their
people and trying to get that bubble
around you too in which they're uh
they're sort of setting the table for
persuasion and and building a structure
and it goes like this there are several
parts to
it I tweeted yesterday uh a video that
van Jones made I guess maybe few days
before the election and in the video van
Jones is warning presumably Democrats
because most mostly Democrats would be
looking at the video he is warning them
that Trump could try some dirty tricks
with the Constitution and he could he
could say that the uh the vote is
fraudulent that's happening he could
say um and perhaps there's a way that
the uh the electors in the Electoral
colle
could also believe that the vote was not
credible and then they might be freed to
vote their conscience or even their
political preference and then that would
make the
election kind of kind of a moood point
because at that point it's the electors
but if the electors tried to do that uh
I don't know the details of this maybe I
might have the legalities or
constitutional part wrong but I think it
can be kicked over to the uh house now
this is what van Jones was describing in
it if it goes to the house there's an
oddity in the historical way that it was
created that each state gets a vote as a
state regardless of the population of
the state and by coincidence although
there is more population in blue states
there are more states that
are uh red and Republican so if it ever
went through that process of a uh an
election they had too many questions
goes to the Electoral College the
Electoral College looks a little sketchy
too because hey we don't like it when
they don't vote the way the voters went
but of course they have a reason this
time so there's no right answer because
the electors do have the Constitutional
power and there's a reason for it the
reason that the electors can ignore the
vote is because the people who formed
the Constitution a aggressively wanted
it to be that way it's not an accident
it's not an oversight it's not a
technicality it's a it's the last check
on a valid process it's it's the last
human being ability to say that didn't
work we're going to have to go to plan B
which is the electors are free to to do
something that makes sense for the
country ideally in a perfect world but
van Jones describes this potential
situation um with the Assumption he was
making that there was a good chance that
the election would be deemed uh
fraudulent now what was it that van
Jones knew a week ago a week before
election what did Van Jones know a week
before the election that would suggest
to him that the outcome would be
considered fraudulent by
Republicans is it that van Jones just
knows how Republicans are and if it were
if it were the other way you know it
would probably be this way too so it
could be just a generic statement that
the other political party is always
going to question the outcome and
whether it was valid could be that
or
or if you thought that that was coming
would you make a video about it maybe
maybe can't rule that out but here's the
other explanation
do you think that somebody who is
politically connected as van Jones would
be aware of how much fraud is typical in
a in a normal election forget about this
election do you think that van Jones is
connected enough to how politics is done
at the local level and how elections are
held and what Democrats may or may not
do in urban areas do you think he's part
of the the world where
he would know for sure whether there was
a lot of fraud on the way I feel like he
would know that there was fraud coming
now we can't conclude that we can't read
his mind we can't assume that he knew it
but if I were van Jones and I were that
connected to the entire Democrat machine
I would certainly know if it were going
to be fraudulent in advance wouldn't
you would yeah I think it was his Ted
Talk uh it had a little Ted notice on it
so I think it was a TED Talk uh
and I feel that so this is speculation
because again I can't read anybody's
Minds I can't read van Jones minds but
it looked to me like Democrats were
worried that there would be fraud and
that it would be detected because it
would have to be kind of big to change
the election and that the Trump
supporters would use the legal process
which is freeing the electors maybe
taking it to the House of
Representatives and that the The Logical
path there would be a trump reelection
because there are more Republicans
States
so is it possible that van Jones was
laying down suppressive
fire persuasion pers
persu suppressive fire so that if we got
to this situation and we did Van Jones
called it 100% here we are if we got to
this position that the Democrats would
already have their story and here's the
story which he is presenting to them
that if the Constitution were to be
followed as I just
described if it were if if the
Constitution were be were to be followed
as I described it would be he followed
both the letter and and the intent so I
would say that if that happened the way
uh van Jones describes it it would not
be a case of following the technical
letter of the law at the expense of the
intention of the law it wouldn't be that
it would be following the letter of the
law exactly the reason it was written
that way in case this situation comes up
where you can't quite trust the election
that's why it's there that's the point
that's the whole point it is the
most I don't know if you can say most
but it's the most
credible part of the
Constitution it's not an accident it's
not a weird
technicality it's there for a really
really important reason and it says what
it means to say and it's and it matters
how did Van Jones decide to to word this
thing that I just worded that's normal
important intended and
clear uh he tried to reframe that as a
coup that if you followed the election
process exactly the way it's written and
it turned out that that put Trump in
office you would call that a
coup that's pretty ballsy isn't it and
that it would be a weird like a a
technical
Oddity and a trick it would be a dirty
trick he's actually he's persuading and
I'm not using that phrase the way it's
supposed to be used but you know what I
mean he's persuading in
advance so that the entire media will
form around this narrative and this
narrative could actually create this
situation where you have two presidents
one that Fox News says is Trump let's
say he he got uh he got success in his
legal process and CNN will say none of
it
happened because they followed a trick
and it's just sort of a a technical
trick but really Biden is the president
because we can just ignore that
technical
trick now when I told you that we would
eventually have two presidents at least
in terms of persuasion wise not
legally we are heading there really
quickly
this might be among my greatest
predictions if it comes through we don't
know Democrats say no chance Republicans
say maybe and I tell you
this there's a better chance than you
think that's all you need to know let me
just tell you that the odds of trump
mounting a
successful um rebuttal to the election
outcome is way better than you
think it's way better than you think and
if you're saying but I've seen all the
evidence and you know it's not
persuading anybody yet I would say no
you
haven't no you haven't you have not seen
all of the evidence you might I give it
a week if next week at this time you
have seen no more evidence than you've
already seen then I think it would go
exactly the way the um the Democrats are
saying I think that if nothing else
comes out all you know is what you know
right
now president-elect Biden becomes
President Biden but what are the
odds do you think that in the next week
or so you won't find out something big
that you didn't know before what are the
odds of that well you'll have different
opinions on that but it kind of comes
down to that now here's the next part of
the um of the persuasion bubble that's
being formed around this election
outcome Jake
Tapper he tweeted this he said sources
close to podus tell me he's being urged
by Jared Kushner and Rudy Giuliani and
campaign adviser Jason Miller to hold
rallies throughout the US pushing for
recounts of votes Dave Dave bossy and
white house chief of staff Mark Meadows
are urging the president to think about
a
concession right so that's what Jake
Tapper reports as the news immediately
after he uh tweets that David Bossy who
is in tapper's tweet and uh Tapper is
saying that David bossy is talking to
the president about concession David
bossy has a different of view and says
hey fake news guy somebody rolled you
should have reached out but wouldn't fit
your
narrative how much do you love the fact
that the news can report the news and
then the debunk of the news from the
very person who was in the news story
can happen within one minute and be
posted right next to the fake news it's
kind of cool now um who do you believe
do you believe Jake Tapper and his
sources that people are trying to talk
the president into uh quitting
or do you believe the guy whose job it
is who's right in the middle of all of
this who says uh no you got rolled
nothing like that's happening let me
give you some Insider information that I
have myself okay now I don't like to do
this I do don't do it often but
sometimes I know things that you don't
know and I will tell you that uh I know
from sources that at the very least rude
Judy Giuliani is not talking to the
president about quitting I I'll just
leave you with that one so I can't I
can't speak to any the other characters
who were mentioned here uh David bossy
speaks for himself and says that at
least the part about him is not true and
I would add to that that um based on
what I've heard and I believe it Rudy
Giuliani is definitely not urging the
president to quit I don't even think
that's like close to anything so there's
your fake news so part two of the
attempt to persuade Biden into the White
House no matter what the vote is would
be the media simply telling you that
everybody's telling the president he
should resign because if you hear that
Democrats say the Pres should concede
not resign if you hear that Democrats
say Trump should concede you process
that as just blah blah blah politics if
you hear that a an important Republican
senator and I this has happened has
congratulated Biden Andor urg the
president to
concede that means a little bit more
doesn't it but it's still not the
president and if the fake news can
convince you that the inner circle
around the president are all telling him
to concede wouldn't that tell you that
you should say that too and then if you
could get all of the Republicans to
think it because hey after all his inner
circle even thinks it
which is probably not true then you can
persuade away all of the energy from
Republicans and so part of this
persuasion is to first to set up that if
they had a successful defense that the
constitution would back 100% that that's
called a trick and a coup and that
everybody will say that on the Democrat
side then secondly tell the story it's
fake news but tell the story that
everybody even the ones close to the
president the people who know the most
right don't you imagine that Jared
Kushner probably knows close to
100% of what the President also knows
about this situation wouldn't you think
at least the two of them would be on the
same page so if it were true that Jared
Kushner looking at the same information
as the president believed that the
President should concede shouldn't you
right now you and I feel like we don't
have all the information but Jared
Kushner has all the
information so if he thinks the
President should
concede shouldn't you so that's the
persuasion play that's happening right
now and it is almost certainly a
complete lie that the inser Insiders are
convincing the president to concede I do
think it's true that they've planned it
both ways right wouldn't you at least
plan what it looks like if you had to go
that way so look for the difference in
the reporting of the president has
decided this versus people are just
getting ready for either eventuality of
course you would get ready you of course
you would plan for both
outcomes
um all
right here's what I think is generally
true I think you need different
presidents at different times and for
different
reasons I think that Trump was the
perfect president for a lot of
international stuff that he succeeded
with Israel the Middle East I think he
was the right person to uh you know push
NATO to fund I think he was the right
person to deal with Kim Jong-un and so
there are a whole bunch of things that
fall into the category of only Trump
could have done them but then there's
this other category of stuff that maybe
Trump is the only one who can't get it
done because of history and personality
and anything else so there may be some
things that Biden can simply do that a
president Trump couldn't do and one of
them would be these rapid test strips
because I would imagine the president
Trump uh was not crazy about having all
kinds of uh extra testing and maybe that
was part of why we didn't see the the
cheap test strip thing so if Biden could
do
that and make it work
and let's say it's spring and between
our vaccines and our rapid testing we're
we've got on top of the Corona
virus um I would give him some credit no
doubt about it um and
that is what I think I wanted to talk
about uh oh yeah no one other thing so
Politico is reporting uh if you see my
cat's tail walk by she's doing a walk by
okay
um so political is reporting that
Biden's team is considering picking the
former president of the nation's largest
teachers union to be the education
secretary now what's that tell you uh if
you believe as I do that the biggest
cause of systemic racism is that the
education system is broken and it's most
broken for people at the low end of the
economic uh ladder and and that tends to
be unfortunately um a lot of black
people in that category and other people
of color that if the school system
doesn't
work it's the most systemically racist
thing that could happen not even close I
mean there's nothing else that's even in
the same universe as getting education
right because if you got education right
you're one generation away from a whole
bunch of equality and at at least the
feeling of systemic racism would shrink
to oh yeah it's still there but I got a
good education so I can get a job
anywhere my income's good it's working
fine um so I would say the weird thing
that happened is that black people and
black lives matter strongly uh by
majority supported Biden and one of the
very first things he's going to do is
screw them harder than anybody has ever
screwed anybody
in the last 40 years because if you put
the head the past president of the
nation's largest teachers unions it's
the teachers unions that are the ones
that are fighting against school choice
school choice is the only chance black
Americans have of making big gains
because it's not going to be reparations
I mean even if reparations happened that
doesn't really move the needle it would
barely change anything because it
wouldn't be that big right it would be
nice it wouldn't be you know
civilization changing but changing our
school system that is civilization
altering no doubt about it it's that big
every time so the first thing Biden does
is he comes in and he absolutely screwed
the black voters who put him in into the
uh office I mean you can't screw your
voters harder than that that is the
ultimate Fu it looks like that's
happening all right that's all I got for
you
today and I will talk to you
tomorrow all right Periscope has turned
off and it's just you beautiful
YouTubers here somebody says what is the
slaughter meter well I think Slaughter
is probably the wrong word because
whatever happens there won't be any
Trump Slaughter
probably but um the odds of let me say
this the odds that there will be new
information that leads you to believe
that the elections were
stolen
are
high really high that's all I want to
tell you so a week from now check in
with me again if you have not heard
really strong evidence of fraud in a
week maybe you won't
because if we can't find it prettyy soon
maybe it's not there all
right is the watermark real so my my
take on all the individual cases of uh
fraud that you've heard and I'll say
this again is that 95% of them won't be
true all right you all those little
computer glitches and you know the count
Changed by this much on that day and we
saw it on CNN and there's a watermark
and
if you had to
bet you should bet that all of them are
untrue which is different from did
massive fraud happen now uh the
benford's law one which is a a data
analysis that shows whether the numbers
looks like look like they could have
been natural or they were fudged and
you're seeing a lot of analysis that
says they look absolutely
fudged those could be real so the ones
that I would put the most uh credibility
on would be a statistical analysis but
not everyone right if if you see on
Twitter a statistical analysis and it's
got a little graph and that little graph
seems to show that the election was
stolen I don't even know need to know
what graph it was I don't even need to
know what data was in it there's a 95%
chance that's not
real because it's just in the class of
things which will be 95% not true a lot
of it's going to be confirmation bias
and you know you dig in a little bit and
it was a there was a there was a glitch
in the feed but it got corrected
immediately it's going to be that stuff
but I'm here to tell you that the odds
of real evidence that's big are really
good I just don't know that we've seen
any of it yet all
right somebody says how is the
weaponized autism coming uh let me put
it this way um so I am on the fringes of
monitoring some stuff going on right so
I'm not I'm not doing any math myself
but I have just enough uh connections
into the the world of trump
supporters that uh I do get to see stuff
before you get to see it and the
weaponized autis and again if you're if
you're new to me I use it as a term of
affection because there are more people
on the Spectrum who are dilber fans and
I love them Beyond Compare so when I
talk about weaponized autism I'm
literally using it as a compliment um
it's
awesome so what's coming could be
mindboggling and I hope you're
ready I hope you're ready all right
that's all for now I'll talk to you
tomorrow