oh that's better
nice and soft and warm just the way I
like it
well how have all of you been since I
saw you last twelve hours ago
it doesn't seem like twelve hours does
it feels like I was just here
Bill Maher is on well he's gonna have to
wait
you can record him so it looks like the
number of new deaths spiked quite a bit
today I got all excited because it went
down yesterday it was down from the day
before so here are the numbers so on
April 1st it was a thousand 49 but it
dropped a little on the next day
procession to 969 but and the third it
jumped from 969 to 1321 that's a pretty
big jump percentage-wise so that's not
good so I keep by complaining about not
seeing good numbers for stuff and
apparently New York is doing a good job
of it I was not aware that Andrew Cuomo
is is doing exactly what I keep saying
the task force should do but he's doing
you're in state which is to show how
much they think they'll need of each of
the pieces of equipment in shortage and
then show how many they think they can
get pretty basic right here's what we
think we need here's what we think we
have so why the why the federal
government couldn't do this also is
beyond me but here's what we know so
apparently the predicted amount of
ventilators the prediction changes a
little bit but I think the most current
one is that they'll have 25,000 patients
who will need them at the peak yeah
at them at the most but though they only
have 15,000 available so they have
15,000 available you know with all of
their different sources in New York City
for 25,000 patients so it's really going
to make a big difference if that
estimate is 25,000 is accurate because
there could be 10,000 people who
basically just drown in their own your
own lung juice because we don't have
enough ventilators now if I had to bet I
would bet we'll close that gap meaning
that either the number of deaths will be
less than this or the you know maybe
maybe they started giving you you know
hydroxychloroquine and they're just the
fewer deaths that would be the optimist
we don't know yet if that drug works but
maybe or I would think we'll get more
ventilators there so at least that's
within it feels like that's within
striking distance right still emergency
level problem no doubt about it but it
feels like we might be able to close
that gap but then I saw and I was going
to print it out and just I didn't have
time before we got on here but he also
showed the number of masks and I think
you know correct me if I'm wrong but the
number of masks I think that they would
need was something like 20 million and
the number that they have available is
one or two million what I think I saw
that right that the number of masks they
need is 20 million and the number that
they think they can get is one or two I
think I read that right and some of the
other materials are in short supply as
well now remember what remember I've
been telling you the whole time
that you you being the citizen of the
United States would act differently if
it's closer to zero percent than it is
closer to 90 percent this is a pretty
good example right how do you feel about
the fact that New York City might be
short
like 90% short on most vital thing the
masks pretty big problem now even if
they start to reuse the masks that still
gets you from you know maybe 2 million
masks to 4 or 6 and you need 20 so
they're not even in the ballpark and
that's with you you all heard that 3m
was allowing some sales out of the
country now my understanding is probably
that it wasn't 3m per se that was
letting a man in the country it was the
distributors and 3m was just selling it
to distributors and distributors are
doing what they do which is sell it
where they can sell it but I imagine the
3m could have stopped their distributors
from doing that if they required them to
do them so that's a good example of
something that clearly was a mistake
meaning that we should have stopped that
from the from the jump but if we
corrected it quickly that's not so bad
so the president came out and said maybe
you should wear some it's recommended
but not required
wear some kind of a facemask when you go
out in public doesn't probably
shouldn't be one of those high grade
medical ones because you want to save
those for the save those for the pros
and then the funniest thing was watching
the Surgeon General command and try to
explain why the new recommendation was
completely different than the old
recommendation did you see that oh that
was so cringe worthy because he was he
was so busted and yeah maybe we'll never
know the story of why the original
recommendations were so just awfully
wrong I suppose he was believing the
World Health Organization maybe or or he
was acting to reduce shortages that's
possible too but oh man I felt so sorry
for him trying to explain why he just
completely reversed
on such a basic obvious thing that we
all knew was true and it it took him
what weeks to come around to it but here
we are so the president it is an
invisible way in which I say this about
the president all the time but it's
impossible for him not to be interesting
whether you think that's a good thing or
a bad thing it's good interesting or bad
interesting
he just can't turn it off if this simple
thing talking about this new
recommendation for masks and then he
throws in the you know I'm not gonna
wear one so our role model just say you
know you might wear a mask
I'm not going to it's optional now when
he tried to explain why he wasn't I
think he was going for it wasn't
presidential not that anybody was really
caring about that at the moment I mean
at least in terms of the medical issue
you don't care so nobody would have
thought it was unpresidential for him to
wear a mask I think he just didn't want
to be photographed in and he thought he
would look silly maybe so it was the
worst possible reason for not wanting to
wear a mask here would have been a
better answer
here's the better answer well the reason
that we're making it optional is that
everybody just really needs to make that
choice for themselves so there's no
situation like mine this is the choice
I'm making you know you all can get to
make your own choices make good choices
all right
that's all I would have said I would
have just said that's the whole point of
it being optional is you get to decide
about your specific case weigh all the
variables I would have just gone for
that but it was way more interesting
because it's more provocative he just he
just doesn't know how to be
uninteresting it's impossible yeah and
the president drum made the joke about
models he just couldn't help it where is
God's net death count I believe that the
gross is over 7,000 which means the net
would still be quite negative so but we
added I think 40% more deaths
today than the day before so that would
suggest it's gonna climb up there now
are you having the same questions I'm
having which is why we're not seeing the
the stories of the gigantic crushes yet
and I worry that the people who are
saying hey the you know the bottle said
that we would already be at a higher
level are we missing it by that much
because the whole point of this is that
the increase will be very fast
you know once it hits that fast part of
the curve every day is going to be much
much more than the last so if you were
to miss the peak projection by let's say
a week let's say the experts were off by
one week of where the peak would be well
that would still give us really make us
really calm today and still all hell
could break loose you know by next week
but they told us that last week right
shouldn't we already be in critical
situation right now so this is the
damnedest it's the damnedest situation
you know we all have to settle on a
reality but there are two of them that
are just running full-speed
one of them is it's a gigantic problem
just like the experts are telling us
that movie is as clear as day couldn't
couldn't be more clear all the experts
seem to agree other countries have had a
bad time of it you know we seem to know
viruses pretty well so that that just
seems really clear it's going to be a
terrible terrible thing and you know
tens of thousands will die if not
hundreds of thousands if not millions
but the other movie is still completely
running in the other movie is it's just
a mass hysteria and yeah it would be a
weird mass hysteria because you can't
deny that people are dying and the the
doctors are saying oh this is different
this is not the flu so there's something
different about it
but there were also also different
things about Ebola and you know swine
flu and all that so they all have their
own characteristic but what if it never
comes what if we never get the the ICU
is completely crushed and running any
ventilators what if it never happens
because as of today that possibility
seems completely open to me completely
now by tomorrow it could be closed off
and maybe the one movie just you know
rules for all time I mean it would just
take a few days of bad results and and
we'd say there it is we were just you
know missed it by a few days but that's
not how models work they're not that
accurate but every day that goes by and
the model is not delivering these at
least thankfully not delivering all
these deaths I asked myself did I get
take him because I know no you know that
from this perspective I'm asking myself
was this as big as we thought I think I
think you've got to ask the question at
this point here's what I think we should
do about getting back to work then I've
said this before but I think we need a
checklist now and number one on the
checklist is do you have antibodies I
think if you have antibodies it just
should be automatic you should be able
to go back to work period now you should
baby need some you know evidence of it
or some paperwork or something but that
should be automatic if you have and and
we should we want to get to the point
where we can test that the other thing
is we know there's such a big
correlation with things like weight and
gender and are you a smoker what's your
age and your underlying conditions and
maybe someday we'll figure out if
there's a genomic connection shouldn't
we just have a checklist
and have our smartest people figure out
that if you check these boxes your risk
just for you personally is the same as
maybe the risk of a regular flu so let
me give you an example let's say you're
25 your your room fit you're an athlete
no extra weight you're female because
that gives you an advantage and yet you
know no underlying conditions right what
are the odds for that person if you're
young and fit and female don't smoke
don't have any underlying conditions can
somebody tell me the odds for that
person because why is that person not
getting to go to work if the only people
went to work are the people whose odds
were of dying were pick a number one in
a thousand what what would be what would
be an acceptable death rate of just the
part of the public that we do send back
to work first so so don't talk about the
old people and you know the over sixties
and stuff just forget them and even
forget people who were overweight and
have medical problems just forget them
for a moment
just the people that they're scientists
would say are in the smallest risk of
group healthy female doesn't smoke you
know certain age let's say their risk
was one in a thousand of diet would you
say go back to work 100,000 how about
one in 5,000 we're actually in I'd like
to see this in the comments
give me your acceptable level of risk
for the first batch that go back to work
those will be the safest ones what would
be your acceptable level where you say
yeah if you can get down to that at
least those people should go back to
work so I'm seeing 1% so one in a
hundred so you'd say go back to work if
if one in a hundred died young healthy
women one in a hundred
that's pretty high a lot of people are
saying 100 now I think you might mean
that because the the stakes are so high
but that's a lot to ask isn't it let me
ask you this here you didn't see this
coming do you what was the last war the
humans were involved with in which we
sent to battle to fight the war we sent
our youngest females to the frontlines
when does that ever happen might happen
now I'm looking at your numbers here so
I'm saying one in 10,000 people are
saying one in a thousand five per
thousand
you know there's and the reason I ask
you is is that the the consensus of the
crowd is really going to matter because
it has to be okay with us 1% so I don't
see anybody who's over 1% Oh somebody's
have 5% okay I don't think you mean that
you wouldn't let 5% of the people go
back to work
died you know if you knew that 5% of
young females going back to work we're
gonna die you'd be okay with that I
don't think so
yeah well this is the most common
numbers I'm saying is one is it 100 and
100 a thousand some one in 10,000 and
how close can we get can somebody tell
me is you know is there anybody here who
could do the math on the back of the
envelope because we sort of know we've
seen statistics from different
categories could we get to one in a
thousand so I feel as though we should
do these calculations without the
benefit of the government you know maybe
somebody smart can come up with the
checklist and and rank it by you know
what each of these things means if you
check this box you know how many points
do you get and then we should present it
to the government I don't think you
should be the other way around you by
the way is if if the Rasmussen poll is
listening here's the poll I'd like to
say that for the first group of people
who go back to work yeah you'll have to
work on the wording of the question but
for the first group that go back to work
the safest group what would you you know
the poll respondents say is the risk you
you think is acceptable because it's not
up to the president is it the president
might get to decide you know with with
his team he might have to decide but how
is he going to decide how is the
president going to decide what level of
risk of the country should take it's his
job right he has to but what's he gonna
base that on I would suggest that you
know as you've observed this process you
can see the public pushing the
professionals can you that's obvious to
you right is it obvious to you that this
was a very interactive process where our
leaders were saying I'm gonna do this
and the public said hey wait are you
sure about that then the leader said
well let's look at it and then there was
this continuous dance with the public
the you know the experts the leaders in
which it seemed to be that the leaders
were continually meeting mostly Trump
testing testing the public getting the
response and then adjusting now if you
say that that's wrong you know wouldn't
it be better if he were magic and
everything he did was right the first
time
well yeah that'd be great this is not
the real world in the real world it's
probably the best process you can come
up with is to really feel out the public
as you're as you're adjusting your
policies you're really tune in and see
what the response is so here's my point
I don't think we should make Trump wait
to find out what the public's okay with
we should present it there's nothing in
our system that stops us from doing that
it's not unconstitutional and then
certainly in the context of an emergency
situation completely appropriate it's
within our ability you know we can do it
should do it it would be the single most
important piece of data that comes out
of any of this and you could argue this
another important data but what would be
more important than knowing the public's
consensus for the risk that they're
willing to bear to give back to work I'd
really like to know that you know I feel
like it's going to come out somewhere
I'll bet any group would come out about
where where you did between one and a
hundred and one in a thousand and then
have our experts say can you promise
them you know from what you know already
can you promise us that now I haven't
even thrown into the mix the Hydrox
chloroquine and whether or not that
works that 2 is a 2 movie situation I
started out being quite optimistic that
the hydroxyl chloroquine was was going
to be a really a game changer as the
president says but every day that goes
by without that being confirmed
vigorously makes me think maybe it won't
be so at this point the two movies are
the hydroxychloroquine are also
completely alive one that of course
we've seen so much evidence that works
6,000 doctors were surveyed you know by
a wide majority they said it's the best
thing but even the doctors who have been
using it I think only 37% of them said
the hydroxychloroquine made a difference
but that's not what we're hearing from
other people right we're hearing
something like it works every time but
then they talk to the doctors and
they're like a 37% and then there's
another study that says this case
doesn't seem to make the virus go down
at all I would say there's a big old
question mark on that drug right now so
and and if it turns out to be completely
useless I will say that my predictions
were wrong so let me state that so at
this point in time it's sort of a jump
ball yeah I'm going to say 60% chance
the drug does make a difference if you
get it early 40% chance it doesn't just
based on what we know right now that's
my current instinct on it so what I'm
saying is somebody smart needs to help
me come up with a checklist of your risk
we need to agree on it you know maybe a
few people will try a different take on
it
we'll see you get the most retweets that
the beauty of Twitter is you can sort of
just see what's what people like right
off right off the bat you just see who
gets the most retweets so if you do that
tweet it at me make sure I see it and if
it's a good job all the retweet it then
and we'll just track the traffic yeah if
people like it or they want to play with
a little bit they can do it but
absolutely you should be thinking in
terms of these citizens presenting to
their government what they will accept
think how much you would like that if
you were the president right remember
this is this is not a spectator sport if
you can find anything you can do there
would be the least bit helpful try it do
it you know I almost all day long since
this whole crisis started people contact
me you know privately or in a variety of
ways and they say you know I have this
idea for helping should I do it and but
mostly I say yes
it doesn't mean it'll work doesn't mean
it'll you know it'll help but if you
have an idea for helping it's just
always yes just yes is there something
you think will work even if you don't
know it'll work yes you know somebody
it's not dangerous so this is one of
those cases if you were the president
wouldn't you want your public to present
to you the level of risk that they're
comfortable with you don't have to take
it you don't have to take the
recommendation that's how it works you
know you're not commander in chief and
neither am I then this is a war so if
the commander in chief looks at our
input and says I'm gonna take a higher
risk or I'm gonna take a lower risk well
that's why we elect
people to make those decisions let's see
if you've got any no one care I'm
looking at your comments here maybe
alright give it a shot it's got the
meaning of WI 5h I don't know what that
is oh you know you know the other thing
that I don't think any of the models
capture here's what the models don't
capture see if I'm wrong I'm right about
this the models sort of make some kind
of a general assumption about social
distancing don't you think so this is
more of a question I think that I'm
right about this so this should be a
accurate criticism but maybe now we'll
see when the models figure out how well
social distancing works because that's
one of the main variables right if
you're doing the model if who's going to
get infected you got to put in some
variables for the effectiveness of
social distancing but my guess is that
they take some kind of an average they
say okay the average person will only
social distance this well but I don't
think that's what's happening I think
what's really happening is that people
like me who have a special risk I just
go nuts on the isolation I have no human
contact I mean if the coronavirus finds
me it's gonna have to work for it right
now I don't I don't do crazy stuff but I
have no human contact I have you know
I'm not with him 20 feet of a human I
don't touch things that other people are
touched unless you know it's washed down
now I'm not perfect but don't you think
that my that because I have a risk and
I'm well informed I'm taking like super
extra duper efforts to social distance
but an average 25 year-old
probably isn't trying that hard so what
does it mean when you take me the what
the only one who is maybe in danger of
actually dying in my simplistic thing
I'm an in danger of dying but I'm doing
super effort to isolate the people who
don't have a risk of dying well they're
not trying so hard so what would it mean
to have one variable that represents me
just nailing it isolation and some 25
year old who's not and and then you
calculate with our average that's
probably what's happening right and my
guess is that that because the people
who have the special risk know exactly
who they are at this point that we're
just hiding really well so here's what I
would think is at least possible I think
the models could be way off in this
critical variable which is how well
people isolate because the ones who know
they need to isolate are probably doing
a pretty good job like way better than
average and I don't know if them if the
model takes that into account maybe
that's maybe that's better or how you
know it could slice it that finally big
fan love your videos wonder why we don't
simply keep people over 60 with
preconditions home that would be one of
the possibilities just keep it simple
and just say all right here's the deal
if you're over 60 in preconditions you
stay home but I think I'm seeing that
wait and smoking and genders seem to be
at least as important that you know if
you added them together they'd probably
be as important as a niche right I don't
know if this is true but it but if you
say that age is the big variable but if
you also were overweight male and you
smoked and you added those three
variables together that's probably just
as big as being over 60 right maybe more
I would think that's sort of a
preconditioned
yeah and then diabetes and all those
things now correct me if I'm wrong but
by now aren't there enough people who
have been infected that we would know
that all the people who had lupus in
other words all the people who are
already on hydroxychloroquine wouldn't
we know what the result is do we have to
do a study of people taking a Drexel
chloroquine before they get infected do
we have to do that study or can we not
just say oh okay there's what how many
people are infected now hundreds of
thousands there's like a quarter million
infected or something like that how many
of the quarter million also have lupus
and we're on hydroxychloroquine there
must be a thousand yeah I don't know
what how many people have lupus out of
250 but probably there are hundreds
hundreds of people that we should be
able to find pretty easily look at their
record there's the lupus there's the
hydroxychloroquine still alive are they
still alive because if they're all still
alive and they have lupus because you
think lupus would be a you know a
condition right that would be a risk but
if the hydroxyl chloroquine protects
them so well they even with lupus they
don't die well that's a pretty good
advertisement for the drug so why don't
we know that it feels like that would be
the most knowable thing at this point
all right um what else is going on
where are my Trump pills yeah so I'd
like to see by tomorrow
I think Jared will have some more useful
numbers that would be my guess what
about the folks who don't know they have
a conditioned yeah so so the risk would
be people who don't know they have some
conditioned but I wonder could you check
for those conditions so for example
let's say somebody didn't know how many
people don't know they're diabetic or
how many people don't know they have
hypertension well maybe that's a
condition so maybe you say you know even
though you're 35 you have to have your
blood pressure checked and you you know
you have to be checked for I don't know
diabetes or something so it seems like
you could that could be a checklist to
you know have you checked it not just
the honor system but you know did the
doctors say you can go back to work are
you backing off your original trumpet
pill mania no I would say that I'm
exactly where I was but no matter what
happens people are gonna say that I that
I was wrong so one of one of the most
annoying things about being me is the
number of people who will miss remember
what I've said and then declare that I'm
wrong but after they miss remember what
I said so I've never said that the pills
work I've said that anecdotally they
work and I've said that there's a small
studies that are not credible and I said
that so that's still exactly the case we
have more information but it's just more
of the same type which is well there's
more information it works and then
there's a little more indication then
maybe you should question it so it's
almost exactly where it's been but every
but I will say that every day that goes
by and we don't have you know more clear
information as making me wonder why why
do we not have better visibility
you're right to be wrong somebody says I
don't know what that means
why are the people who insist that
you're wrong still watch your periscopes
well I think people want me to be wrong
it's like anybody you know any celebrity
sometimes you kind of want them to be
wrong don't you admit it admit it as
much as you might like it when I'm right
there's a little part of you admit it
there's a little part of you that
doesn't mind when I'm wrong either see
me see me knock down a level come on you
can admit you're human it's cuz it's
called shot and Freud it's that feeling
you get when other people get knocked
down the peg you don't mind it too much
so I think he's entertaining either way
is your lung capacity affected by pot
smoking well I'm I can't give you a
medical answer to that I will tell you
that the only study I'm aware of this
was a few years ago so there was a study
of lung capacity of marijuana smokers
versus people who didn't smoke anything
so there was people who smoked a lot of
marijuana every day and people didn't
smoke anything cigarettes or anything
else and these researchers were
surprised that the marijuana smokers had
more lung capacity on average and it was
statistically noticeable now it was one
study and they were like well we don't
know this is exactly opposite of what
everybody thought it would be so they
speculated why would that be now of
course what they didn't speculate is we
did the study wrong I mean that would be
the first thing I would think is not a
valid study maybe but they didn't say
that
they said they speculated that the act
of smoking marijuana requires you to
take deep inhale
and hold it and they speculated that
maybe the marijuana smoke wasn't
degrading your lungs as much as the
daily practice of heavy breathing and
holding your your breath was actually
helping you so maybe you know I'm not
saying that's true and by the way you
know I make no secret that I'm a medical
marijuana user but oh well every now and
then I like to be clear that I don't
recommend it so I don't recommend it for
you I don't recommend it for anybody and
the reason I don't recommend it is I'm
not a doctor I'm not a doctor I think
there are situations in which it would
be the worst possible thing you can do
smoking marijuana
there are people in situations certain
personality types certain situations
where maybe it's just it's just the
worst thing you could possibly do but
there are other situations that are
unique and you have to look at every
situation differently and I am one of
them and you know one of the things I
have going for me is that you know I can
make my own schedule and you know I have
a lot of experience and it doesn't
affect me the way to affects other
people well I think people don't know
about marijuana is it it affects
everybody differently and so the way it
affects me is overwhelmingly positive
but that doesn't mean it would be for
you and and for me it's overwhelmingly
positive basically every time yeah I
don't even know I think you think of an
exception it's basically it's a
guarantee it's you know your life has
improved in my case but here's the
here's the observation I have for those
of you who've never experienced
marijuana my observation is that it
doesn't make you dumb or stupid or or
any of the things that people say what
it makes you is more of what you already
were so what I mean is if you're
naturally lazy oh it'll make you lazier
it'll do that if you are already lazy
it'll make you lazier but if you're if
you're self-motivated and you're you're
sort of a creative person full of energy
it will make you more of that so in my
case I'm naturally creative and it makes
me more creative I mean just really
obviously it's it's not even comparable
I'm naturally motivated and I find that
it makes me even more motivated but
here's the other trick and this is the
biggest trick there are lots of
different kinds of marijuana and they
don't act the same and if you don't
learn that you're gonna be really
surprised you don't wonder why hey I
liked it this time and this time I just
got sleepy and fell asleep and it's
completely different so the big
difference is there are two main types
you've got your indica dominant and your
sativa two different kinds of plants but
they're both in the same family
the sativa gives you energy it makes you
creative it makes you just enjoy your
day and you can do almost everything
just as well if you're at an experienced
user if you're not experienced you know
you don't don't plan to do anything
important but if you're experienced it's
a completely different sensation and
experience so if you take the sativa
during the day let's say you're a
medical marijuana user only not because
recreationally I would not even
recommend it recreationally it's just
not a party truck I don't even know why
I'm not even sure why people use it so
but it does have many many benefits to
your life in the right circumstance
so the sativa will wake you up make you
more productive you know somebody wants
to refer to it as a worker weed it's the
kind of marijuana you would want to
smoke before work
especially if you had a job didn't
require too much thinking but the indica
is the opposite it makes you relax and
you're probably just gonna want to take
a nap and watch some TV and pet the dog
so if you don't know which one you're
doing if you do the wrong one in the
daytime and the other one at night it's
not going to be a good result
so that would be yet another reason not
to recommend that anybody do it because
you really got to know what you're doing
you know there's a big difference
between getting the right strain and
doing it in the right time and just
randomly saying well let me just try
some of this you'll get a very different
result and then within the types there
are infinite varieties with slightly
different characters some make you
hungry or some might make you paranoid
if you're a regular user you don't get
the paranoia so much and the some make
you some are good for your libido some
are good for exercise so we're good for
you know just all kinds of different
things and sometimes you don't know
those things until you try it
but it's so consistent you can you can
definitely tell there's something going
on all right so that's what you need to
know about that stuff again I don't
recommend any of it you should only do
it if a doctor says it works for you I
get it mostly because I've a light form
of sleep apnea it's not so bad I need a
CPAP but it's not so good that I can get
to sleep easily but few bits of indica
and I have the best night's sleep and I
wake up feeling great you're not you
when you're high are you talking about
me are you talking about somebody else
why does that matter one of one of the
things I hear most from people who don't
want to do any kind of mind-altering
drug and it's probably good that they
have this shouldn't talk you out of it
but people say stuff like well like you
just saw in the comments but you're not
you you're you're somebody else or
you're escaping from reality to which I
say so those are reasons those are
statements
there's no reason and any of that why
can't you be a different person
sometimes because you're not the same
person when you're tired you're not the
same person when you're hungry you're
not the same person when you get a
promotion as you are when you get fired
you have lots of different use there's
not one of you you have a whole range of
different preferences different feelings
different internal feelings different
actions so to say you wouldn't want to
don't have a drink or smoke marijuana or
something because because it makes you
not you it's a meaningless statement
because you're never you you're you're
always this ever-changing thing and you
know the chemistry and your environment
are always part of who you are at any
moment it's just not a real reason there
are plenty of reasons not to do those
things like plenty of good reasons I
mean alcohol is just poison basically
and you should never do marijuana unless
your doctor says it's a good idea so you
don't need you don't need it any other
reasons not to do it do I
I I did exactly once and I thought my
head was gonna come clear off so you you
think you're experienced until until you
find out the even stronger way to do it
so I don't recommend any of that stuff
do I metabolize coffee caffeine fast or
slow I don't know how to measure that I
know coffee and I get along really well
I can't speak for other people but I get
along really well so I don't remember
seeing your responses to how many of you
are sleeping better because I've told
you that you will
so in the in the comments if there's
anybody here who's sleeping better at
night because I helped you sleep better
at night just let me know because I'd
like to know how that's working ahead
Jack Jack Herer Jack Herer is among the
best as you know can I go to sleep after
caffeine Oh easily yeah I could actually
go to sleep anywhere anytime
it's like a superpower so I fall asleep
what I'm getting my teeth cleaned like
wall while the dental hygienist is in my
mouth with power tools fall asleep and I
wake up and it's really scary because I
wake up and you know you come out of
your sleep and there's somebody in your
mouth with power tools you're like wrong
oh so I fall asleep and wake up like
three times every time that I'm getting
my teeth cleaned and it's a horror every
time okay so the comments are coming in
look how many people are sleeping better
because of the suggestion all right so
here's some more good sleeping tips
don't think about what you need to do
tomorrow that's number one all right do
not go to bed close your eyes and then
think about what you have to do tomorrow
ever never if you need to think about
what you're gonna do tomorrow get up
make a list you know so all the things
that are on your mind write them down so
that you were a member in the morning
but do not plan your day when you're in
bed ever never may it never make an
exception to that get up doesn't matter
it doesn't matter if it's 2:00 in the
morning if you can't if you can't stop
your mind from planning your day and
it's 2:00 in the morning
get up get up because you never want to
associate those thoughts with being in
bed you have to be a maniac about
separating the sleep experience from the
thinking
you know stressful experience so get up
make your list you know it's half an
hour later put the list away and then
try to get back to bed and if you can't
stop thinking about it well just get up
again but don't don't lay in bed
thinking about what are you gonna do
ever that's what people do wrong the
most the other thing is what do you
think about when you're trying to go to
sleep do you have a go-to set of
thoughts now some people count sheep or
try to think of boring things here's
what I do
I imagine good outcomes in the future
but in more of a not a real-world way so
I'm not thinking so much about what will
happen tomorrow because again you don't
want to think about tomorrow too much I
think about fantastical long-term
outcomes and I and I and I create a
little movie in my head where I put
myself in it and it's sometime in the
future and something good is happening
it's because I've accomplished something
I got lucky I was in the right place at
the right time it doesn't matter why
it's just something good is happening
and I forced myself to think about this
little movie I'm creating of something
good now would you like to know what
I've been using for most of my life I'll
tell you something one of them is flying
so I have a an imaginary flying future
and in this future and again this
doesn't have to be based on any kind of
reality in the future I learned how to
fly just with my body I can just hover
above the ground and when I was a kid
about once a year I would have a flying
dream and what was cool is that every
year I'd have the dream from childhood
through adult every year I'd have the
dream I could fly better in the dream
than the last dream so the initial
dreams I could sort of jump up in the
air and to hover a little bit and come
down and then I could sort of make long
jumps where I sort of hover before I
came
and then the next year and I'd only have
this dream once a year now once a year
and then finally I'd be able to you know
float around and around the ceiling and
then finally when I was an adult after
decades of this dream once a year I got
so I could leave leave the building and
fly around you know in the atmosphere as
hard as I wanted you know like Superman
I always thought that the dream was an
omen of something good but anyway
because I've had so much time thinking
about it I can actually put myself in in
the air in my mind so I can close my
mind and I imagine my you know my astral
projection or my body or whatever
leaving my body you can also just
imagine that you're you can fly it works
the same and then I imagined in my head
the actual what it feels like and what
it looks like as I'm as I'm floating
over the houses of my neighborhood so
since you have a general idea what it
would look like you know you could sort
of imagine well if I were hovering over
my house looking down what would it look
like so I simply go flying and I've been
doing it for years I'll put my head down
and close my eyes and maybe I have some
other thoughts in my head and I want to
get rid of them I say it's time for a
flight and I just oh I see other people
do the same thing and so I take off and
I just fly around the neighborhood and I
you know I land on the roof and I hop
off the roof and fly over to another one
and it's so absorbing and it's all
positive that it just takes me out of my
life and next thing I know I wake up the
next morning now I had that dream and I
always thought that it priests aged some
good good news and the last time I had
that dream was right after I became a
syndicated cartoonist so I felt like I
you know just for fun it feels like that
was my prediction that
there was something good ahead of me and
it was that so the other thing that so
I'm gonna tell you something I don't
think I've ever told anybody this but my
other one that I would think about all
the time from childhood on it went like
this
the some day the President of the United
States would call me to to meet with him
in his office it's crazy right I told
you that you should pick a like a
fantasy thing that you know it's not
going to happen in the real world so
since ever since childhood my most
common dream falling off the sleeve
fantasy is that the President of the
United States has summoned me to the
Oval Office to chat just because of
something I did or said or something
that he actually wanted to talk to me so
the and the and the the essence of the
the fantasy is that it wasn't me trying
to get a meeting with the president but
rather he invited me that just the
president invited me to go meet with him
in the Oval Office so of course that's
like a ridiculous thing you know it's
not like the president ever invites you
to a once you go over and chat with me
in the Oval Office except that it
happened you know most of you already
know the the punch line here so the
president and 2018 through through staff
contacted me and invited me to meet with
him in the Oval Office and it was I
can't tell you how freaky it was because
it was exactly the thing I fall asleep
that I've been falling to sleep to for
decades and and I I chose it
specifically because it couldn't happen
in the real world you know soar like the
flying flying one you pick them because
they can't happen there they're better
than life you know it's the exaggerated
version and then it happened so maybe I
should have set my sights a little
higher true story
that is wild did I tell him that I did
not know by the way there's a day coming
up in which I'm going to tell you really
the the only substantive part of the
conversation I had with the president
now you know the rule right if if if you
ever get invited to talk to somebody in
government at a high level you don't
talk about the conversation afterwards I
mean that's a hard rule right it's a
private conversation doesn't matter who
ass literally doesn't matter who asked
even your spouse that's a private
conversation yeah it's the privateness
conversation there could be because it's
the President of the United States so if
you you know if you violate that trust
that's that's as bad as it gets
that's that there was a little exchange
that he and I had in the Oval Office
that I think sometime in the next month
or two I'll be able to tell you because
it makes it look good so that that would
be my exception there there's something
he said that was downright psychic and
you have to hear the exchange but only
only after events prove it out right so
I'm not going to if it turns out that
events don't go the way I think they're
gonna go then I'll never tell you but it
would be an interesting little tidbit if
they do go the way because you can see
you have a psychic yes and it will it'll
blow your mind really so that's all I
got for today I think you're going to go
off and have an incredible night you're
gonna sleep well you're gonna wake up or
relaxed remember to count to 20
think about your flying dream think
about your it's so impossible feeling of
success or happiness in the future and
have yourself a great sleep I'll talk to
you in the morning you know when