mmm dumpling pom pom pom pom pom pom pom
pom pom hey everybody come on in here
it's good to see you it's always good to
see you today we have an amazing coffee
with Scott Adams no I know it's hard to
imagine because they're all so amazing
that to imagine that today is extra
amazing it's almost unfathomable don't I
know it
but in order to enjoy this day I think
you know what you need I think you do I
think you need a cup of our glasses
snifter stein Telus tankard thermos
flask empty and Grail goblet vessel of
any kind fill it with your favorite
liquid I like coffee and join me now for
the unparalleled pleasure the dopamine
here the day the thing that makes
everything better
you know it does go oh yeah that's the
good stuff well let's see if all goes
well I'm going to be inviting a special
guest who in the moment who in a moment
will be revealing himself so that I can
add into the guest list here a bump bump
bone let me just check here I'll tell ya
this system could be a little bit better
alright let's talk about some things
away from my special guest to make
himself available here and then I will
ask him to join so a few things going on
here Joe Biden was asked what he thought
about Kamala Harris for vice-president
maybe or what is you know what does Joe
Biden think of her now that she's quit
Joe Biden had some excellent things to
say about Colonel Harris said she was
very talented could be vice president
could be President could be attorney
general could be anything
she's so talented and somebody asked Joe
Biden did he hold a grudge for things
that Carmel Harris said during the
debates and I'm gonna give credit where
credit is due here I know you don't I
know you hate it would I do this because
it's not good teamplay
but Joe Biden they had one of the best
responses you'll ever see in your entire
life I like really good so I'm gonna
call this out as something you should
borrow it's so good usually just use it
yourself so when asked by a reporter
when Biden was asked by reporter do you
hold a grudge against Kamala Harris he
looked at the reporter and he said I'm
not good at holding grudges damn that's
good
that is so good here's what it does it
makes you think past the sale the sale
is do you have a grudge or do you not
have a grudge had he done the most
obvious answer which is no I don't have
a grudge what would you think you would
think well he might be a lion might be
lion he might have a little grudge there
okay
looks like my guess is on I'll join him
I'll be adding him in a moment so what
Joe Biden did was by saying I'm not good
at holding a grudge he made a comment
about himself which is actually
compatible with his reputation because
he's known as one of the you know the
nicest people even if you don't like his
politics or his skill level even his
even his opponents say he's a really
nice guy that answer was the nicest nice
guy thing I've ever seen in my life I
mean it was so simple I think it was
spontaneous it didn't look like it was
practiced but he said I'm not good at
holding a grudge it makes you think all
the way past yes or no is he holding a
grudge you think all the way past that
to what kind of a person Joe Biden is
and the person he is his answer was
compatible with his entire reputation
he's just not the person who holds a
grudge it was awesome
I really really liked it all right so
now as you know Joe Biden is not my
choice for president but you got a
call-out
good technique when you see it I'll talk
about him a little bit more in a bit let
me see if I can bring on my guest if my
technology is working in one moment I'll
be talking to David are you there there
might be a little there's a little bit
of echo do you have two devices
listening to me no I hear a little echo
when I talk how about now now it's
better
all right so David Mittleman you are CEO
of auth room and Arum does what remind
us yeah so so author arm is a basically
a forensics laboratory and we try to
make human identifications from crime
scenes unidentified remains you know
just any kind of material that's been
left even our crimes here somewhere else
and help identify victims in the case of
a crime scene perhaps perpetrators that
have might have contributed to the crime
now there are a few every time I watch
the news it seems like there's a new
news story that involves DNA and one way
or another so that's why I wanted to
have you on to update us on a few things
and one of the exciting things which
figures into something I wrote about in
my book loser think where I talked about
the Golden Age and how the the days
where crimes are unsolved might be
ending for a variety of reasons the
technology to solve crimes is becoming
insanely good and if you don't see this
coming you're missing a big trend so can
you tell us about DNA solves comm yes so
there's been there's been you know
almost 30 million people that have been
tested with consumer tests some of those
folks know victims or families of
victims some of those folks are in law
enforcement or no law enforcement
and they have read the same articles
you've read and they've come to the
conclusion that they want to make a
difference in helping us solve you know
some of these cases as you said have
gotten unsolved for decades there's a
there's a government database
it's called name√≠s gov and it catalogs
unidentified remains there's over
thirteen thousand remains many of those
have DNA and and they've remained
unsolved and and DNA testing can can
help bring a bring of value there so DNA
solves calm is a private database that
we built it complements when I say
private I mean it's not it's not
publicly accessible the way Jen matches
some of the other tools are built and
it's designed only for use in law
enforcement which I think the risks how
other databases can be used it can only
be used in a law enforcement
investigation it can only be used
according to DOJ policy and it is
generally used to identify a victim like
I said or players in a violent crime so
is the idea that anybody can donate
their DNA to this database DNA solves
and then once they're in there if
anybody in there let's say family
commits a crime it's a way to narrow it
down because you can say well I don't
know who this person is but I know their
family members are because we have the
family's DNA's is something like that
sort of yeah from from from genetic
point of view we're all um we're all
related so you and I are related so it's
not really relationships in the sense
that we would societally described but
we're all we're all you know 4/5 six
cousins of each other by some way or
another and so from that perspective you
may be distantly related to the genetic
sense to someone that was either
murdered you died you know by no ill
means but didin was never identified or
as a perpetrator in a crime and it's so
for those kind of scenarios that with a
with a fourth cousin or a third cousin
you can work large family trees and with
people's information as a scaffold you
can kind of bring might and figure out
who these folks are so it works on both
sides you're finding not only
perpetrators of crimes but victims of
crimes who had long been unidentified
for ridiculous
or so there was a torso found in 1979 in
Idaho in a cave went decades
unidentified they found the arms in the
90s the arms and legs perhaps in the 90s
and and and and just think we're not
able to identify the person
I mean whoever I don't even know the
full story perhaps whoever disposed to
that person purposely removed the limb
so they couldn't be identified and our
laboratory teamed up with some
genealogists and we took material that
was very degraded this from 1979 we were
able to pull a decent amount of DNA
sequence and give this person a name the
person has been unnamed
and an anonymous since 1979 and so I
think law enforcement will be announcing
that pretty soon but um but there's a
real humanitarian value to being able to
take folks that have been lost to time
and re-enter them to society and then to
your point I think also in being able to
to curb violent crime not just in being
able to solve it but I think just the
ability to to deploy that technology
acts as the deterrent against future
violent crime yeah let me ask you this
what percentage of violent crimes do not
what what percentage of all violent
crimes don't leave any kind of DNA at
least as the perpetrator there's always
the victims DNA but what percentage of
the the perpetrators leave their DNA
Atlas I am crime or even maybe a
property crime is it is it a hundred
percent
at this point it's definitely not no no
it's definitely not a hundred percent I
wish I could give you an exact number I
don't know there's there's a number of
things that can go wrong right you may
you may execute the perfect crime and
leave no DNA evidence especially if
you're planning a crime right you may
you may have left evidence but the
evidence gets lost or degraded or you
know there's not enough DNA to do
anything so this certainly is not going
to help in a hundred percent of cases
but there are substantial cases
particularly in like crimes of passion
we have implanted in advance where DNA
is left at a scene and those those crime
scenes remain unsolved and then of
course if you either by malicious or
unintentional means die on the side of
the road or your body gets left
somewhere there's obviously DNA there so
certainly it really advances our ability
to help identify victims and for a good
number of crimes but certainly not all
we'd have the ability to help kind of
provide a little bit of information that
can drive an investigation forward and
of course the other thing to note is
that DNA testing doesn't single-handedly
solve anything DNA testing is one data
point that goes along with you know
investigative work
eyewitness testimony all sorts of things
and and it helps drive things forward
it's just there's a lot of cases that
will stall out that could be right I did
with DNA testing well this is a question
for the audience what are the odds that
if Epstein had been murdered in his cell
is there any chance there wouldn't be
DNA there I mean even if the perpetrator
wore gloves
is there still gonna be some DNA there I
mean I don't know I don't know how how
it happened but um but it would be a
good chance that someone would leave DNA
I mean it's crazy the different ways you
might leave DNA unintentionally you know
if you're holding an item you know
there's even there's even stories of
long yeah I mean I can't think through
all the scenarios there's a lot of
different ways you could do that I mean
in the future I guess if you wanna if
you want to take someone out and you
don't want to leave any DNA you'll
either have to send someone else or
maybe you need a like a futuristic drone
to go in and shoot somebody but if
you're there I mean you're leaving
you're leaving DNA so okay now let me
ask you are you you are you following
the story and I don't even know if this
is true that China is developing
technology that they would be able to
take DNA and figure out what the person
probably looked like so that they could
do facial recognition just based on DNA
is that even a thing okay so I did read
the story I will tell you my assessment
and then and then you know I I obviously
haven't been to China so I can't tell
you I can only tell you what I read but
I will tell you based on our
understanding based on like scientific
understanding of cranial-facial of
genetics drawing people's faces from DNA
there's a lot more science fiction than
it is real so so I would tell you I'm
remarkably skeptical okay the DNA
sequence in printer face
what I will tell you is that there are
some parts of your physical appearance
right eye color hair color there are
parts of physical appearance that can be
very easily mapped to DNA and number two
there are there you know an
anthropologist known this for years but
if you know the ancestry of an
individual to some extent you can
approximate what their face might look
like and so some of the people that have
tried to claim that they can predict the
faces from DNA they're using that kind
of approach but to actually draw
someone's face from DNA I think is not
possible could you could could you could
you tell let me ask you a specific
question could I say what I know from
somebody's DNA if they had a broad or a
small nose there are some markers that
will that will be able to just you know
there's some markers and research that
has been done into looking to like
distance between the eyes
width of nose yeah there are plastic
landmarks for which some of those have
genetic components so I think the most
accurate way to say it is there are some
genetic features that can be described
with genetic markers so some inherited
facial features can be described with
genetic markers but you definitely can't
do what I think they're advertising and
what I've heard others advertise over
the years but never produce any
substantiate and evidence that you can
draw a face from DNA certainly with you
know the haircut and everything all in
place so you know suppose suppose you
ran you had some monstrously large
computer and you just ran a whole bunch
of different DNA through it and then you
ran the the photos of the people who
matched that DNA through it and you had
millions of them don't you think that
the millions of faces matched with the
millions of sets of DNA would probably
start to be predictive over time yeah
even even if you didn't know exactly
which genes were predicting what
wouldn't wouldn't you be able to compute
it out without even knowing exactly why
so the biggest it makes sense
and I think that um you certainly can't
know what will happen in the future but
but I'll tell you that there are two big
challenges here the first challenge is
that how people get the DNA so to speak
like what markers are looking at are
looking at every
marker in the DNA are they looking a
subset that's going to describe whether
you're able to make correlations to
facial features the second problem is
really important is that correlating DNA
to things is very hard when you don't
have exact descriptions and the face is
by nature not exact the face changes
over time as you get older right the
face changes depends on the wrong
orientation the face is a 3d object
projected onto a 2d plane so I'm just
saying it's I'm not saying that it's
impossible I'm saying it's incredibly
hard no one's demonstrated that can be
done and and fundamentally I think it's
not a 2019 phenomenon but I do I do want
to point out something that I think will
will make the discussion moot because
according to that article in New York
Times China is advertising that they
have collected DNA information for 80
million people right and so I told you a
minute ago that we're all kind of a
Seidel network of genetic relatives
right all right there's I don't know how
many people are in China is like one and
a half billion let's say let's say one
out of a billion okay so so with 80
million you know you're beginning to
approach you know you're beginning to
approach a substantial component right
proportion of the population you know
once you start getting even a few
percent of people genetically typed in a
population
you don't need faces you just identify
them I mean you can just literally
identify them through relationships so I
think I think that um the article you
know I don't know where they got the
information I don't think faces can be
drawn but I think the bigger issue is
that China will invest in taking 80
million folks growing that number and
then being able to identify anyone
regardless you don't need the face is it
possible David is it technically
possible that China could ever develop a
chemical biological weapon there would
affect people with certain DNA that are
let's say non Chinese and without
affecting somebody who's Chinese just
hypothetically is that even possible I
mean you can have targeted drugs to
things in your DNA whether you can
target ethnic groups as we would think
of ethnic groups I think I think I think
it'd be easier to draw faces from
right now okay alright David I'm gonna
move on to politics is there anything
you want to any final thoughts yeah I I
want to I want to mention that like you
know along with you know face
recognition GPS tracking all the
technologies that have come to bring
good in the world there's all a negative
component to it as well and right now
with 30 million us mostly us folks
tested with consumer tests there's an
asymmetric risk to the United States
versus other countries in having this
data out there and like with every other
kind of piece of data in technology it's
out there and it'll be developed whether
we you know write legislation against it
thought about it or ignore it and so I
would encourage everyone to think what
is the best way to bring value help
victims and their families identify
perpetrators but do it in a way that
wouldn't lead us down the road that
China's taken in a some kind of you know
1984 like Big Brother surveillance
initiative but you simply ignore it has
consequences too there are consequences
to acting and also not acting alright
last question yes or no someday there
will be a dating service that matches
people by DNA yes or no the only way I
would do that is if you told who not to
date right so if you're too related
don't date okay
all right good answer thank you David
middleman at author um oth our am
we appreciate your updates and we'll
talk to you again David thank you thanks
Scott all right bye-bye
all right that's always fun to get that
it's so futuristic to hear what's what's
going on there with DNA let's talk about
some other things Biden or his campaign
or maybe some PAC or somebody is running
an anti-trump ad focusing on the event
at the NATO conference in which Justin
Trudeau and some others were seeing
potentially laughing behind his back and
the commercial the commercial takes the
theme that the other countries are
laughing at our president behind his
back now
I gotta tell you it's a really good
commercial so again two things that the
Biden campaign did exceptionally well
completely surprisingly I must say so
this is the first time I've seen that
Biden or at least people associated with
him whoever made the commercial are
willing to go to go all the way into the
mud because does this commercial is sort
of off-brand for Biden who's the bring
the country together you know let let's
all hold hands and sing but I tell ya
this is this is a pretty pretty brutal
brutal commercial it's very personal and
it's against Trump and it's well done
from a effectiveness perspective you
know it's not fair it's the type of ad
that you know the Trump folks do about
Biden you know putting misleading clips
together so it it makes you think that
the misleading clips described the whole
and Biden campaign just just serves it
right back to Trump pretty good job
execution wise only talking about
execution it was well executed all right
so as you know I made the risky
prediction that Camel Harris would be
the Democratic nominee but she dropped
out of the race my worst worst
prediction of all time but I doubled
down yesterday and said what about if
she becomes Biden's vice presidential
pick and Biden doesn't make it all the
way to Election Day for one reason or
another and apparently that prediction
is a little more popular than my
original prediction so I got some press
today Google turned up a few articles
about that so apparently the the thought
the common law could be a vice
presidential pick for Biden is not that
crazy not so crazy so at least the part
about being a vice presidential pick is
not so crazy let's talk about the
impeachment stuff
all right I'm gonna say this again but
jonathan turley who is the one expert
who I guess you could say is on the side
of the Republicans but he's not a pro
Trump guy per se he's just a Republican
did not vote for Trump and his arguments
I found by far the most compelling but
am i biased am i biased is it is it just
my bias that terally seem to have a
rock-solid you know at the end of story
we don't even need to talk anybody else
to anybody else that's all you need to
know
easy clear nothing to argue with it
seemed pretty solid but is that just my
bias because when I listen to who was
the other expert Carlin so they had
three experts on the other side one of
them was a woman named Carlin and I I
don't know how to talk about this story
without saying the obvious but
unfortunately if you say the obvious you
you look like a sexist or something
misogynist misogynist yeah and so I'm
gonna word it very carefully I have no
opinions about Carlin dr. Carter
professor Carlin I have no opinions
about it because I don't know her
personally so I will just speak about
how her presentation was received so I
can't know what's in her head I can't
know I can't know anything about her so
I'm not pretending I do all we know is
her presentation so I'm judging only
from how it looked and it looked like a
crazy cat lady who was just bitching
about the world she did not look and
again I'm making a distinction between
what I know to be true because I can't
know anything about her personally
with what it looked like so I'm just
saying the presentation came across and
was received by me as actually mentally
unstable and I don't mean that you know
it's hard to talking about this topic
where that was a sounding like a
partisan where that was sounding like
you're just saying it for a fact
I'm not saying this just for effect
that's my actual reaction to it was oh
this looks a lot more like a mental
health problem literally again I'm not
I'm not trying to make a joke and I'm
not saying that any of that is true
because you can't diagnose somebody's
mental state by watching one you know
one presentation but she came across as
the least likable person I've seen in a
decade which is saying a lot I mean I
would not want her in my home would you
if you invited somebody to your house
they said hey I'm gonna bring a friend
and you find out later that the friend
is this professor Carlin and she comes
over to your house would you ever have
her in your house again again I don't
know her personally she might be
perfectly nice you know in her actual
real life that we don't have access to
but based on the presentation she was
the most unpleasant crazy looking person
you could ever say so I don't think that
worked the way the Democrats hoped it
would work and then of course well I'm
not even gonna say that there's a topic
I want to talk about that I'm just not
going to cuz its to to explosives all
right so if you're not watching the alan
dershowitz --is twitter feed about this
impeachment you're missing a really good
show so i tweeted that yesterday
Dershowitz was sort of live tweeting I
guess you'd call it while the
impeachment stuff was going on and he
was fact-checking the experts in a
real-time
now people get on me when I say I don't
trust the experts in in one field or
another they look at this situation look
at all the look at all the
constitutional experts jabbering about
impeachment am i right or am I wrong
that there are highly qualified experts
on opposite sides what the hell does
that mean
what does it mean when you have the best
constitutional scholars in the world and
they can't even agree
what's impeachable and whether or not
this is one that's a pretty big deal in
it
it should give you some pause about what
it means to be an expert but again I
might be biased but what I look at
Turley's explanation and where I look at
Dershowitz his explanation who by the
way agrees with Turley who by the way
agrees with me
so prior to seeing Turley his
explanation I I think I'm the only
person who had been saying the only
thing that matters is if Trump had a a
national interest in finding out more
about burry ceman and Biden if that's
true or if you can't prove it's untrue
it's the end of the story all the other
stuff doesn't matter all the other
things don't matter all that matters is
that one question did the president have
a reasonable reasonable reason to look
into it for the national interest in
addition to his his political interest
because we don't care if it's also good
for him politically as long as it's good
for the country the system allows that
and encourages that and so thoroughly is
the only one who focused on that besides
me so I guess I'm I guess I'm a
constitutional scholar now you're
welcome
now since I am apparently as qualified
as the greatest constitutional scholars
in the world based on the fact that I
agree with them see what I did there I'm
going to extend my expert
institutional law opinion are you ready
here it comes
apparently there's some disagreement
about whether the Constitution accuses
whether the Constitution says that abuse
of office or abuse of power which are
similar
did the president abuse his office or
abuse the power of his office they're
all the same and Alan Dershowitz says
show me in the Constitution where it
says abuse of power or abuse of office
is impeachable can you point to that and
the answer is not there it's not there
and indeed if this standard were applied
lots of past presidents would have been
impeached but here's the fun part
did you know those senators can be
impeached well I did what Google search
and some random stranger referenced part
of the law that says that they can be so
I'm going to say that that's true by the
way so fact check me on that fact check
me on the question can senators be
impeached I believe the answer is yes
right as same as the president
now if senators can be impeached and if
the standard were using is abuse of
power meaning abusing the power of their
office how in the world do you not put
Pelosi Schiff and Adler Nadler up for
impeachment because there are one of two
possibilities one is that the president
is innocent of all impeachable offenses
now if the president is found let's say
innocent listen well Edison is wrong
word let's say that the Senate votes on
party lines to reject the the
impeachment would we not be able to
conclude that Pelosi Schiff and Adler
had abused their power by bringing such
a weak case all the way to a Senate vote
I think you could make that case they're
taking such a weak case that they know
was weak is an abuse of power because
they would be doing it just for a wait
for it political reasons now if it were
three years before the next election
you'd say well that's not just for
political reasons there must be
something here but when you're this
close to an election it is impossible to
imagine that it has any purpose other
than political their argument is we have
to remove him immediately because he
might make another phone call like that
Ukrainian thing are you kidding me
are you kidding me that's your risk you
want to bring down an elected president
who's doing a great job in general great
job over that that's purely an abuse of
power
so remember situation number one is that
the Senate rejects the impeachment along
party lines that should be enough to
prove that Pelosi Nadler and chef abused
their power for taking such a weak case
right before an election through the
process but what about the other
possibility what if the Senate looks at
the argument and says oh I think we're
going to accept this standard let us
accept this standard that abuse of power
is an impeachable offense what then if
you accept the standard you can still
impeach Nadler Schiff and and Pelosi
because they would have met that
standard so I'm quite serious about this
I think Pelosi Schiff and mad ler should
be brought up on impeachment charges and
I don't know why we wouldn't can you
think of any reason we wouldn't I think
maybe I'm in it in a chess sense maybe
there's some reason not to but I don't
mean this politically I'm not saying
this politically I
there's an actual danger to the country
that Schiff Pelosi and Nadler have
created they're actually destabilizing
the Republic for as far as I can tell
purely political reasons
it looks like an abuse of power and the
worst one we've ever seen perhaps would
you agree that this is the worst abuse
of power we've ever seen I can't think
of one that would rival this now maybe
somebody who's a historian can give some
examples of worse abuse of power but
short of actually creating you know
short of actually breaking the law which
is a different standard I don't know
we've seen a worse abuse of power and
they're actually trying to overthrow a
legally elected president on a bunch of
crap that's the worst abuse of power
I've ever seen so I think those three
have to be brought up on impeachment
charges and I'm not kidding even a
little bit I'm not kidding even a little
bit it's that's important I think
they're trying to destroy the country
they're doing it right in front of us
and it's pretty obvious that it's an
abuse of power I don't know how you
could you could you could possibly see
this any other way all right let's talk
about so Pelosi and the Democrats keep
using the phrase no one is above the law
I think that should be exactly the
standard that impeaches them because
they're using they're abusing their
power to essentially create laws that
don't exist
the Pelosi is trying to be above the
Constitution surfaces so if closely says
no one is above the law here's the right
response yes Nancy Pelosi no one is
above the law but also no one is above
the Constitution and the Constitution
says you should be impeached not even
for breaking the law because the law is
here and the Constitution is here well
what Pelosi doing is she is she's
twisting the Constitution in a way it
was not intended and the framers were
pretty clear about what they thought
about should what they thought it should
be impeachable than why shouldn't and
there's nothing that Trump's done that
be sent standard so seems to me that no
one is above the law is the low level
bumper sticker but the higher level is
no one's above the Constitution Nancy
you can't make up stuff and put it in
the Constitution take it to the bank
somebody in the next 24 hours on a major
news network is going to say no one is
above the Constitution BAM as soon as
you heard that didn't you say to
yourself oh damn that's pretty good
because there's not much you can say
when somebody says nobody's above the
law because he whatever your responses
tends to be down in the weeds
instead say nobody's above the
Constitution and you're just adding
stuff to the Constitution and you know
there you go
apparently the president was overheard
confirming that when he called Justin
Trudeau two-faced it was a joking
reference to the blackface history that
Trudeau has so how much do you love it
the president Trump intentionally called
him two-faced to make us all talk about
Trudeau's blackface I love it good move
P Buddha judge took himself out of
contention for president today now he
didn't quit the race in the usual way
but rather he did something said
something disqualifying all right so if
you've been watching this periscope a
while you know that I've been saying
that Buddha judge is a strong candidate
and I had to say I liked a lot about him
so I won't reiterate all the things I
liked about him but he's you know
summery he's smart he's closer to the
middle
I'd love to have an LGBTQ president
eventually just because I think it's
healthy for the country doesn't have to
be him doesn't have to be now but as a
general concept let's get ourselves an
LGBTQ president you know sooner or later
let's you know let's let's at least be
open to it let's hope it happens doesn't
have to be this year doesn't have to be
next year just you know let's just let's
get that done in the same way that it
was good for the country to have a black
president just so we could check that
box get past it be able to say for the
rest of eternity yeah you could be
president if you're black it's a really
big deal we shouldn't pick people based
on their ethnicity but president is
different president sends messages by
just being who they are so in that case
you do want to check all the boxes
eventually you want a woman to be
President you want you want to get you
want to get one of everything eventually
that's said be booed a judge said the
following and I think it was yesterday
or recently anyone who supported this
president meaning Trump is that
best-looking the other way on racism ,
at best and he's done all right you
can't run for a president calling half
of the country ish either racist or
racist supporters you can't be President
that way our current president I believe
has never made that mistake am i right
yeah correct me if I'm wrong but as
acerbic and insulting and aggressive and
bullying as our president can be can you
think of any time he's branded half the
country let's say the half that didn't
vote for him is there any time he
branded them can a fact check
me on this is there any time the
president Trump the most insulting
bullying person who has ever
lived even one time has he ever branded
the people who didn't vote for him as
 because Buddha judge just did
that
he bit Buddha judge just said or I'll
read the census again tell me if you
think I'm over interpreting it Buddha
judge said anyone who supported this
president is that best looking the other
way on racism at best he's calling you
 there's no other way to look at
that all right now he's not saying that
the people who supported the president
are necessarily themselves racist
because he's he's he's allowing that you
could be you know there's something
wrong with you maybe not you're a racist
but if you're supporting a racist you're
an
people judge now can't be president it
can't happen
his campaign ended today now I actually
feel pretty bad about that I have to
admit because I liked him I liked him he
had a lot he had a lot to offer maybe
maybe in the future he will but you
can't say that let me tell you what you
can say and still be President they let
you grab them by the right you can be
caught on tape saying that when you're
famous and rich and your celebrity women
will let you let you being the important
sentence let you grab them by your parts
apparently you can say that and still be
President because people just put it in
context they go yeah you know this we
know what we're getting there's no
surprise there he did say they let you
so it's not you know technically it's
not assault because they let you you
know I know everybody will debate that
but you can say that
and still be president what you can't
say is that the people who supported
this president in half of the country
are and that's basically what
he said he didn't use that word but it's
pretty clear so somebody says but you
like to Cavallo - well I didn't like her
to be my president I I expected she
would do better and I have confessed
continually that what I didn't see
coming as a cobbler would run the worst
campaign in the history of all
presidential campaigns now be honest did
any of you see that coming is there even
one person here who can tell me honestly
that you knew in advance that her
campaign would be not just unsuccessful
that part a lot of people knew but did
you know that she would run the worst
campaign of all campaigns and of all
time nobody knew that all right
that was tough to predict so I I don't
take I won't make an excuse for being
wrong if I'm wrong because I still think
she has a path to become the nominee if
she gets the vice presidential pick as a
candidate and then Joe Biden you know
slides away you want you want to hear
another reason that I think Carla could
be at the top of the ticket by election
day I predicted you it wouldn't win the
nomination but watch this who supports
calmly Harris well she has the second
most endorsements by important Democrats
of anybody she also had a lot of Hillary
Clinton supporters who supported her who
else does that describe the person who
has the most the only person who had
more endorsements from established
Democrats was Joe Biden and so if you
were to combine Joe Biden with the
support of the most support from
Democrats with the person who had the
second-most endorsements from Democrats
you have Rican
mind sort of Hillary Clinton in in
virtual form the only thing wrong with
the picture of Biden + Harris as a team
the only thing wrong with it is Biden
now suppose you were a Hillary Clinton
type supporter but you're looking for a
different candidate wouldn't your dream
situation be that Biden who may not be
able to let's say be as capable as when
he was young
gets the nomination has Harris on the
ticket and before the election they
switch or Biden drops out and and
Harris's what's left I think they might
like that they may like that all right
what is up with Judge Napolitano are you
watching the Judge Napolitano commentary
on Fox is it just me is there something
wrong there
I got away for your comments to catch up
because there's a little bit of a delay
but it's one thing to have you know
pundits on your news program that you
know which way they're gonna go but what
is wrong with Judge Napolitano is there
something wrong there because he must
hate the president and and when I see
his comments it only looks like that he
he comes across as the least credible
lawyer type person on TV who isn't it
was the other guy who's was the guy at
Harvard who was always mocking the
president well there's there's a few
other lawyers who are completely not
incredible but Judge Napolitano has sort
of I know he's he's created this little
niche where he just looks like I don't
know I don't I don't want to assume any
motive on his part
but there's something going on there
that's not right that's that's all I'll
say
apparently the Horowitz report and we
don't know for sure but they're the
rumors and I think maybe bar attorney
general bar said something about this
it's expected to say that the FBI had it
hat did have a legal predicate for its
investigation of the Trump campaign even
though some lower-level FBI people's you
know maybe maybe handle things wrong now
let me ask you who are the two people in
the world who had the following
prediction the following prediction
which is that way back at the beginning
of the Russia collusion in scam how many
people had the following opinion that
President Trump did not collude with
Russia and and it's the and that's the
important part because a lot of you
believed he did not collude with Russia
so that's a big population but how many
believe that and at the same time
believe that the FBI was not part of a
deep state plot to take down the
president I only know of two people I
only know of two people who had the
opinion that the President did nothing
wrong and although there were some wrong
activities you know individually at the
FBI that there was not an identifiable
plot an organized plot to take down the
president who had that opinion two
people in the world me me and jonathan
turley as far as I know only two people
suggested that that was a a good
possibility
Turley wrote about it months ago and I
wrote about him he's actually in my book
I wrote about Turley's opinion and it
was in the context of imagination trying
to imagine possibilities and one of the
possibilities that I imagined and
thoroughly also imagined and I'll say
that we imagined it more than we
predicted it is that maybe everybody was
just doing what they thought was right
maybe Trump was just doing his job and
it had nothing to do with Russia and
maybe the FBI was just doing their job
and some of them did it wrong so it's
starting to shape up like Turley's
description of what was possible and
mine might be the right ones so I don't
know well who else had those opinions
but I suppose if it turns out to be true
a lot of people are going to say they
had those opinions what else is going on
is there anything else you want me to
talk about that Laura says don't bruise
your back padding it Laura that's what I
do here I make predictions and then when
they're wrong I take it like a man and
when they're right I Pat myself on the
back so that you can understand which
ones were right but you also see which
ones are wrong so I'm going to be fully
transparent there now some of you are
saying that Brennan set it up I say this
in the in the comments so some of you
suspect that there was still something
there now Horowitz didn't get to look
outside of the FBI right I think for
Horowitz his domain was just the FBI so
when he says the FBI wasn't part of a
plot that might be true it does not mean
that the CIA was also not part of a plot
so I think that the dirham investigation
which can go broader than just the FBI
and Department of Justice I think that
investigation will get more interesting
because then it gets into the CIA etc
all right um looking at your comments
the FBI was just incompetent somebody
says apparently apparently that's what
it's gonna come out - oh so Hillary went
on Howard Stern and Howard Stern asked
Hillary if she'd ever been a lesbian or
have a relationship with a woman and
Hillary said no no I have not
if that's why you wanted me to comment
on I don't care who I don't care who was
left with her I mean would you like
Hillary less if she'd had a sexual
relationship with a woman sometime in
her life do you care does anybody care
would you would you like her less
because of that if you like people if
you'd like women less because they may
have once had a sexual relationship with
another woman I got bad news for you
you're not gonna like many women maybe
it's a California thing but in
California an adult woman has a very
high likelihood of had of having had at
least one relationship with another
woman very high so what does it mean
nothing it has no value talk about
barren yeah okay I'll talk about barren
so Melania will say punched back or
punched via tweet she got on the
professor Carlin my missing her name
right because the professor when she was
testifying tried to make a joke where
she was taking she was making a pun
about the president being a dictator or
a king and could he have a baron but you
know he can only have a child named
Baron and he can't appoint a baron so so
she brought a minor child into the
conversation as I just did so I guess
I'm just as guilty and Melania she she
high ground her until she apologized
Melania said you don't bring minor
children into these things and she's
right you certainly don't bring minor
children into it now I just did the same
thing
so Melania I apologize I'd like to
apologize to Melania for doing exactly
what she said you shouldn't do which is
let's stop talking about politics and
bring a you know a thirteen-year-old
into it all right let's yeah let's maybe
just act like none of that's happening
all right so let's leave that behind
Melania you were perfectly correct and I
apologize for even bringing it up
somebody says it it's not about Hillary
whether she's a lesbian
it's about her hiding it no it isn't no
it isn't if there's one thing you should
let people lie about it's their private
sexual life you know uh you know it's
not always a good idea to hide your
private sexual life I mean I the gay
experience shows it was better to come
out of the closet and you know live live
above ground so to speak but I'm not
gonna say that any individual needs to
tell me about their private life and in
fact I give I give all of you I give all
of you blanket permission from my
perspective just be personally to lie to
me about your private sexual life so if
it ever comes up and I ever say hey have
you ever had sex with an animal and
let's say you have I give you permission
to say no I have not I have never gotten
with an animal so that's what I prefer
I'm not I'm not comparing animals with
anybody else right so don't don't try to
conflate that I'm just saying that
whatever you're into I don't care and if
you lie to me about it you're okay with
me
you did it recalling a story I don't
know what that was about you weren't
being malicious yeah no but I would
agree that even I should not have
brought up the topic because it's
inappropriate all right what else we got
going on here yeah it's sort of a who
cares yeah all right is she being
authentic well has anybody ever accused
the Hilary Clinton of being authentic I
don't know that that's a plus or a minus
you know people do like authentic people
but I wouldn't require it so this is
just my personal opinion it's true that
voters are gonna prefer authentic people
that part's good but just speaking for
myself I don't require it so if if if
authentic you is kind of a jerk and
you're willing to pretend to not be a
jerk in the service of being a
politician I'm okay with that I don't
need you to be authentic I just need you
to do the work and if you do the work
well be as phony as you want
I don't care China is about to collapse
well it makes you wonder how long
President Xi can hold on to power
because while it's true that it is a
dictatorship it is also true that the
dictator probably needs the support of
at least the upper echelon now he may
have so much control over them in
various ways that there's nothing they
can do that's possible I would you know
it's hard for us to know over here
but there's at least the possibility
that the leadership of China has the
power and ability and maybe even the
will some time to remove President Xi
should he do an unusually bad job for
any reason
now as the economy continues to suffer
and as President Xi becomes the face of
the Weger the Weger Holocaust as she
becomes the face of the flung Falun Gong
folks who were being murdered
systematically for body parts that they
then sell to people who buy them
sometimes from other countries and they
come to China for the operation China
kills a saloon gong takes out their
parts and sells into you that's actually
happening at least reportedly and the
reporting seems to be pretty solid as
far as I can tell and of course they're
cracking down in Hong Kong you know
there's going to be lots of jailing and
torture and people killed whenever they
get full control of that and I'm even
leaving out stealing our IP I'm leaving
out sending us fentanyl etc so President
Xi has taken China's reputation to his
lowest point would you know would you
not agree the president she has brought
China's reputation and what's the right
word respect to the lowest level in my
lifetime I think and does the leadership
of China looking at how he's essentially
destroyed their credibility he has
destroyed their credibility he can't get
a trade deal done with the United States
because he's apparently not competent so
how long does the leadership of China
let the guy who is a dictator stay in
charge while he is systematically
destroying everything good about China
I don't know maybe forever because if
he's if he's got full control nothing
matters but I I think that it's a sort
of thing that could change quickly yeah
I'm talking about
she chairman she yeah if you look at
China polluting the world and literally
according to the Democrats China is
actually destroying the planet with
pollution India has some explaining to
do as well but China being the be the
bigger one China is actually destroying
the planet according to most of the
people who are Democrats so if you put
all of those things together and the
fact that they're not even willing to
sign a trade deal are you kidding me
they're not even willing to save it as a
sign a trade deal because they were
they're not willing to offer anything
that even approaches a fair deal well he
was appointed not voted in that is
correct but you still need the support
of the top of the Communist Party to
stay in power
somebody says revolution in China is
that possible it seems remote because I
think that the party would remove XI
before anything like that happened you
know about the same time that the that
the population wanted to actually go to
the streets and revolt would be about
the same time that the the party
leadership would say yeah well maybe we
got the wrong guy here let's make a
change Nancy is holding a press
conference saying that impeachment is
about Russia somebody says so they're
going to go back to Russia for their
impeachment stuff Pelosi is denying his
politics she's got to be impeached she
has to be impeached
now Bloomberg this is hilarious that
Mike Bloomberg it said that China is not
a dictatorship he didn't say they were a
democracy somebody in there somebody in
the comments was saying that he said
they were democracy he didn't say that
he said they're not a dictatorship
that's kind of technically sorta right
but it's not a democracy it's the the
Communist Party gets to decide who the
leader is it's not exactly a
dictatorship exactly it's just acting
exactly like one so we're going back to
collusion know what obstructing justice
let me tell you if you can create a
situation in which you're pursuing a
witch-hunt against the president based
on nothing and then in the end you
decide to impeach him because he
resisted the witch-hunt the only person
who knew there was nothing there for
sure who was the president and he
resisted false charges do you put that
guy in jail do you impeach the guy who
resisted the witch-hunt even if
resisting witch-hunt meant maybe he
obstructed justice in your opinion even
if he obstructed it given that he do it
was a witch-hunt
we didn't you and I didn't know for sure
until until the Moller report but now we
all know the president knew from day one
because he knew what he did and he knew
what he didn't do
so Harry he knew if if you could get
impeach for that Wow all right I think
I'm babbling now I'm gonna go listen to
Pelosi and Pelosi Schiff and Adler just
have to be impeached that for abuse of
power talk to you later