[Music]
everybody come on in here we've got a
breaking news update
presidential tweet it's it's coming in
hot and I thought you'd like to share
the moment so once we had a thousand
people here maybe two thousand I think
they're piling in come on in we've got
to talk about the breaking news
presidential tweet about sleepy Joe
Biden it's big news big news all right
so as you know while President Trump was
in Japan on foreign soil
he did mention something about sleepy
Joe Biden being a low IQ individual as
Kim jong-un had indicated in a statement
now apparently he got some pushback and
the president is responding to the
pushback so I'd like to read you the
president's clarification because
apparently some people were that maybe
they misinterpreted what he said and
sometimes when you misinterpret things
you can imagine that they're much worse
than they are so the president noticing
that many people in the public had
misinterpreted his comments about Joe
Biden he clarified in his tweet and as a
citizen I appreciate the clarification
here it is from Donald J Trump and this
is fresh
I was actually sticking up for sleepy
Joe Biden while on foreign soil so far
so good
Kim jong-un called him a quote low IQ
idiot and any other things whereas I
related the quote of Chairman Kim as a
much softer quote low IQ individual and
then the president asks who could
possibly be upset with that fair
question
I'm happy that the president clarified
he was not not and let me let me
emphasize his clarification the
president did not go on foreign soil and
call Joe Biden in low IQ idiots
that's fake news he's clarified that he
went on foreign soil and simply quoted
current chairman Kim but softened him as
a good president would you know a good
president a very stable genius he's not
going to go to foreign soil and then
insult somebody who's leading in the
polls to be President at least according
to the polls he's not going to do that
so instead he goes on foreign soil and
he softens Kim Jong Un's really I think
slanderous quote you know kim jong hoon
said that biden is a low IQ idiot so
that's harsh doesn't it feel harsh to
you i don't think that's something we
can stand for so thankfully president
Trump was the adult in the room
we've got people hurling insults one
person being apparently invisible is Joe
Biden still campaigning has anybody seen
Joe Biden though do we have photographic
evidence that he's still campaigning
he's still in the race right okay I
don't know about that I'll check that
later but in any event I think it's
generous its big-hearted and it's very I
think mature it's sort of a literally
thing to do for this president to soften
Kim Jong Un's harsh statements about Joe
Biden from low IQ idiot I can't stand
for that I'm not gonna let Kim Jong hoon
call the Democratic frontrunner a low IQ
idiot not on my watch people not on my
watch and I know the president feels the
same way so I too would like to soften
it
at worst worst case scenario worst-case
scenario Joe Biden is only a low Q
individual I say that because of
leadership President Trump has showed us
how to how to interpret Kim jong-un's
speech in a way that doesn't hurt us my
ears feel safer now all right
don't you feel a little safer don't you
feel like your ears are not burning any
more low IQ idiot ah my ears are burning
my ears are burning but now try this off
low IQ individual it feels it's almost
like a lotion to your ears I like you
individual individual that's good stuff
so I thought I would just come here and
share the moment with you a moment of
great leadership the kind of president
that I think you agree with me oh my god
we can never have another president if
there has ever been a reason to reelect
a president that's better than this one
I haven't seen it if we're being honest
most of the time the news doesn't really
affect us too much it's something that a
lot of people can ignore their entire
life they don't even pay attention to
the views their whole lives and they get
along just fine
but did we ever know that the news could
instead of being you know if it bleeds
it leads
I remember when I was you know a kid
that was the same if it bleeds it leaves
and it would just be pictures of
horrible things all the time because
here's another dead person hears
something blowing up here's a picture of
a kitten drowning in a well and all the
news was just horrible horrible stuff
and then President Trump came and now
the news is mostly imaginary literally
stuff that people are making up but that
little bit this
has gone from horrible scenes of
tragedies and dead people to a form of
public comedy that's about as good as
I've ever seen I don't know if you'll
ever see a more entertaining president
here's here's what you need to know if
you let this one get away in 2020 you're
gonna be barred for four years and I'm
talking seriously bored your best hobby
will be snatched away from you this is
fun now I think we've gotten to the
point where the the public and even the
pundits who come along last are starting
to understand that when they said hey
this candidate Trump he's just a person
who knows
reality television he is a big ol con
man and he's just full of it and it's
all BS and he's just doing it for the
cameras and it's just for fun and all
that stuff what they didn't see coming
is it turns out those were exactly the
skills to be a really good president
nobody wants to admit that we would love
we would love it that the only skills
you need to be a president are you know
you've went to a good school you know
you got some good experience you seem to
have a good character we'd love it if
that's all it took but I think he's
demonstrated fairly conclusively that
having mastery of branding and
entertainment being able to you know
directly directly influence people's
dopamine is pretty useful stuff too
personally my afternoon will be far
better because of this tweet and I think
I'm gonna love it the most when CNN
tries to cover it or better yet doesn't
cover it because you know you know the
anti-trump press is looking for any
reason not to not to change you know the
the attention from bad things and change
it onto something that's just clearly
funny and I think every normal person if
you put them alone in a room and nobody
else was watching they would think this
was pretty funny so you're living in a
good time the golden age when our news
is funny things that the president
tweeted that's pretty good situation
anyway I just wanted to come on here and
share that with you and that's all for
now