[Music]
[Applause]
hey everybody come on in it's time for
coffee with Scott Adams yeah it's part
of the best part of the day well I can't
tell you how hard I've been laughing
this morning if my eyes look like
they're if they're red it's not from
crying it's from laughing rarely do you
get such a clean win as I add this
morning
you know you sometimes you wake up and
you you wake up and you think what's
today gonna be like because yesterday I
was getting hammered yesterday and then
last night I was just getting hammered
on social media now let me tell you why
if you missed the show but I'll do that
after the simultaneous up yeah it's
after the same little simultaneous set
and all you need is a cup of marker
glass detector chelators time in the
canteen trigger flask a vessel of any
kind fill it with your favorite liquid I
like coffee join me now for the
unparalleled pleasure that dopamine kid
of the day the thing that makes
everything better
including the coronavirus it's called
the simultaneous if it happens now go oh
where was I oh yes I was talking about
how much fun I was having this morning
so yesterday and last night just to
catch you up before I get to the good
part I swear to God I couldn't be any
happier this morning if you wonder what
it's like to see me looking so happy
that I can't stand it this is what it
looks like I know it won't last but man
am I gonna enjoy it this morning so I'm
having a sort of a shadow of the feeling
that I felt a weaker version when Trump
won the election and I went from the the
dumbest guy in the whole
world then I spent a year and a half
being the dumbest guy in the whole world
until he won the election and then I was
the smartest guy in the world yeah at
least for an hour it felt like that so
yesterday I had criticized this viral
video that was going around the internet
most of you seen it by now there was a
dr. Erickson and some other doctor
mostly Erickson I think was talking and
he was an ER doctor and he has he had
his own statistics and arguments about
the corona virus and and he said he said
basically as argument was hey look at my
numbers according to my numbers
coronaviruses sort of overblown let's
get back to work now people sent it to
me and I ignore it and they send to me
and more people send it to me and I
still ignored it because there are lots
of stuff on the internet to look at yeah
I in the beginning I didn't think it was
important it was just one of many things
that people said to me but then people
started DMing it it's like oh my god you
know there's something to be directly
I'm getting it through I got it through
LinkedIn I got it everybody's sending me
this this video so alright I'm gonna go
look at it so I listened to the doctor I
get about five minutes into it and my
head is on fire because everything he
says sounds to me not being a doctor not
being an expert not being epidemiologist
but it sounded to my cartoonist brain
like it was all BS like you didn't even
didn't even sound a little bit credible
everything he said sounded either under
informed or reckless I used the word
reckless it sounded like he was
comparing the wrong things it was like
he was bad at math I mean it was just a
hot mess so I made the mistake of
publicly disagreeing with two
experienced doctors who were on the
front line of this crisis how do you
think that went for me yesterday
how do you think it went when I
disagreed with two doctors who had a
viral video who were saying exactly what
people wanted to hear see that was the
problem the trap if you will the trap
somebody says your ego is huge whoever
said that please don't leave yet whoever
it just made that comment your ego is
huge you have to stay you have to hear
the end of the story
you'll be so disappointed if you don't
so all day long I was hammered for being
the idiot cartoonists who would dare to
disagree with doctors professional real
qualified doctors and all day long
people said to me and all night they
said Oh Scott tell us about your doctor
degree oh where did you get your
virality experience Scott because you
know you're a cartoonist these are
professional medical doctors went to
medical school you're not an idiot like
you now to make things worse because I
like to do that to myself sometimes when
I'm in hot water sometimes I like to add
some hot water to the hot water I don't
know why it's like a character defect
honestly it is I'm not proud of this at
all when I get in a lot of trouble my
first thing instinct it often is I'm in
a lot of trouble I'm really exposed here
how could I make this a lot worse I
swear to God I think like that and it's
part of it is because I want to see if I
can get out of the trap I want to see if
the trap is so bad then it looks like I
can't get out and then just to see if I
can you know it's sort of like going to
one of those escape rooms you know you
go to an escape room where they you have
to figure out how to escape well you do
it just because it's hard that's the
whole point that's why you climb the
mountain because it's hard so after
being beat up roundly for making medical
opinions I doubled down and I said you
know the last time we had this
conversation we meaning the internet my
critics and me it was over the question
of face
desks does anybody remember that I bring
it up too often because it's too much
fun when it was the cartoonist against
the entire medical community the Surgeon
General World Health Organization foul
Qi saying the mass were not effective
and I like an idiot said no allowed me
to overrule the medical opinion of every
professional on the planet with my
cartooning degree I don't have a degree
but you know what I mean my cartooning
experience but who was right well I was
I was right and every medical
professional in the world who probably
wasn't wrong I think they were lying or
they were trying to protect the supply
so based on the fact that I was right
once just just realize how dumb this is
okay this is the beauty of how how fun
this is if you don't realize how stupid
I was you're not going to fully
appreciate how it turned out alright so
like an idiot I overrule the but the
highest doctors in the world publicly
you know very vigorously but I got lucky
I got lucky on that all right because it
turns out that I'm pretty good at
spotting so you don't need a
medical degree to spot obvious
that's actually a separate skill so when
people were saying scout scout scout you
don't have a medical degree they were
actually they were reading the wrong
book because the book they should be
reading is not the medical book it's the
spotting book because if you're
a bullshitter spotter and you saw the
doctor say the facemask don't work well
the detector was on you know 10
my mama detector so then these
two doctors come along I watched this
video for five freaking minutes I told
people I bailed out after five minutes
because it was lacking so much
credibility that I couldn't stand it
anymore and then what did people say
Scott
how can you have a confident public you
idiot in public you're saying this how
can you have a confident public opinion
about medical professionals you're not a
doctor and worse you fricking idiot you
didn't even watch the video are you
kidding me
you only watched five minutes of this
long video and that was enough to
conclude that you're the expert Scott
and these medical experts are not good
try Scott so I woke up this morning you
also heard that the video got taken down
by YouTube and a lot of people said
censorship censorship and I said well
you should at least consider the
possibility that YouTube also thinks
it's not good medical advice and people
said doesn't matter there's still
censorship we should be able to see it
even if it's not true it's a which is a
fair argument by the way I'm not arguing
that point as long as you could also see
the counter-argument said people and I
thought to myself that that's a that's a
reasonable argument but it would also be
reasonable to say that you can't scream
fire in a crowded theater would you
agree we've sort of accepted that free
speech does exist but you still can't
yell fire in a crowded theatre because
it would just be a health problem people
would kill each other trying to get out
similarly you know analogies are always
dangerous right but you could make an
argument they're giving objectively bad
medical advice during the during an
emergency in which it's very much
life-and-death then if people got the
wrong medical advice that might be like
yelling fire in a crowded theatre you
could make the argument right so I'm not
going to I'm not going to come down and
either side of that I'm just going to
say the argument exists and then it
happened last night so I wake up this
morning to a statement from the AC EPA
AEM it goes like this
the American College of Emergency
Physicians and the American Academy of
Emergency Medicine they sell pretty
medical don't they they sell very
medical jointly and then fatica li
condemned the recent opinions released
by dr. Daniel Erickson and dr. art
Massey he the two doctors on the viral
video these reckless what they used the
word reckless who else used the word
reckless oh yeah it was me these
reckless and untested musings do not
speak for medical societies and are
inconsistent with current science and
epidemic epidemiological regarding covet
nineteen fill in medical word back in
that sentence as owners of local urgent
care clinics that would be the doctors
were on the video it appears these two
individuals are releasing biased non
peer-reviewed data to advance their
personal financial interests without
regard for the public's health what I
can't even believe they said this now
you've seen you've seen condemnations
before from professional organizations
right we see that last time some
organization will say oh this person
does not speak for us we condemn them
I've never seen one condemned this art
this is this is sort of the hardest
condemning I've ever seen
it says kovat nineteen misinformation is
widespread and dangerous
members of the ACEP and AAA mr first he
had witnesses to the human toll
bah-bah-bah and we strongly advise
against using any statements of doctors
erickson and massey as a basis for
policy and decision making may I may I
simply sit here and bask in my victory
have you ever seen have you ever seen
anybody win this heart
now I hope you're enjoying this as much
as I do now for those of you who are
sort of new to this new to the show if
you will one of my most frequent themes
I write about it in my books is managing
your ego what you're watching is me not
managing my ego at all like I right now
I'm doing whatever is the opposite of
managing my ego I'm just letting it run
like it sounded I just let it outside my
ego is on social social isolation but I
just decided to open all the doors and
it's just now so but my less of is this
you can let your ego out to play on
these special cases because really how
often do you get to be the biggest jerk
in the world for a day and a half and
then win this heart I mean really this
is a very special situation so I'm going
to enjoy it a little bit and then I'm
gonna try as best I can to remember to
remind myself of how often I'm wrong
about other stuff so I'm gonna be today
I'll be struggling to to try to rein it
in and get back to maybe some kind of a
normal normal mental state but come on
yeah you have to agree that me calling
out these two doctors as being medically
unfit in public continuously for a day
and a half while the entire frickin
world disagreed with me was kind of
gutsy all right are you gonna give me
that it was kind of gutsy maybe stupid
right if I'm being honest if I'm being
honest I can't really tell the
difference between gutsy or stupid the
only thing I know for sure is that it
worked out my way so as long as it
worked out my way I'm happy all right oh
my god I'm yeah I just won't be able to
stop laughing about that all day long I
swear I I thought I was going to wake up
today to another day of yesterday where
everybody in the world would be telling
me a minute
because I'm trying to overrule these
professionals this could not be more
delicious
sorry I'll change the topic eventually
here's another one I don't know if you
can actually stroke out or have some
kind of like medical condition that's
caused by winning too much remember the
president warned me he warned all of us
really that we we might get tired of
winning but he didn't say that it might
be medically dangerous this next topic
is going to start going into the realm
of medically dangerous you know the
other thing I've been saying in public
that I think everyone disagreed with me
probably you I'll bet every one of you
disagreed with me on the following point
which is that Sweden doesn't tell you
anything how many of you thought we'll
look as Sweden Sweden's not doing the
lockdown it's not so bad everything's
fine right so we should be more like
Sweden who is the one person in the
world who said now don't look at Sweden
you think you can tell something but
it's a trick because there's just too
much this different there well
so today's CNN as a story that basically
the summary is that the Sweden
experiment didn't work that's it so
that's the news today
so everybody who everybody was on the
side of look at Sweden let's do what
they do read see and then today there's
an article on there it goes into detail
compares them to the other the other
like countries in the region not the
United States but Norway and Finland etc
and it shows that they they have a far
higher death rate and their death rate
is so high that there are professionals
doctors and stuff within Sweden who were
begging the country to do what the other
countries are doing because they're in
so much trouble now they haven't
overloaded any hospitals and it's still
only like twenty two and a thousand or
something like that whatever the number
is 100,000 but it's a so it's not like
they're a crushed
but according to the news The News says
we didn't didn't work and it's heading
in the wrong direction right now you can
still say the verdict is out and I will
agree with you you can still say the
verdict is out but you can no longer say
Sweden works that's off the table
if you're being honest about it well you
can say is ooh
Sweden's Sweden sort of in dangerous
territory it might it might still be
better than the alternative but it's not
looking good in Sweden and it's looking
a little dangerous over there you could
say that that would be fair but you
could no longer say look at Sweden it's
working in Sweden that's off the table
if you say that you're no longer
consistent with the data but you
certainly could say it might be better
than the alternatives so if you said to
me yeah you know all the choices are bad
if we keep the economy closed it's
terrible if lots of people die it's
terrible Sweden is not ideal but they
haven't you know they haven't gone out
of business either so you can keep your
argument that we should take the Sweden
model but you cannot say it's going well
so that's off the table
there was a story I was going to tell
you that I've decided against Rob Reider
you know all on the Rob Reiner big
critic Hollywood guy critic of the
president so he writes he tweets this
and I only pointed out because I would
love to know somebody says Scott is
being paid by who who is paying Scott
you must be new
so whoever thinks that somebody could
buy me you're very new but you're also
gone goodbye
for the people who are new you get
immediately blocked for stating in
public what what my private thoughts are
so if you're speculating about my my
private motivations or what I'm really
thinking I block you for being a bad
mind reader because one of the things I
learned back when I was younger and more
naive about human nature somebody would
misinterpret what I said and then I
would make I would make the mistake of
saying no no no you think you're
disagreeing with me but you're actually
misinterpreting what I said
so you don't realize it but you're
actually disagreeing with your own
misinterpretation so let me let me
correct this for you let me tell you
what I really did say and that we could
have a conversation about my actual
opinion and I used to think well that
will work why wouldn't that work if
somebody's mistaken I correct them and
then we talk about the actual correct
opinion that has never worked in my
entire life and finally I just said why
does this never work what's going on
here why is it that when somebody
misunderstands what you're saying and
you correct them it doesn't make any
difference they still argue some other
thing that they'll just replace their
old misunderstanding with a new one and
then argue the new wrong thing and then
they can move to the new wrong thing and
the new wrong thing but what the one
thing that never happens in all of the
public and private debating that I've
had over my entire life the one thing
that's never happened is that people say
oh that way that's what you meant okay
let's have a conversation based on why
you actually meant not once my whole
life and there's a reason for it now you
say to yourself well that can't be true
it can't be true that not once that's
happened maybe you know maybe I have
some false memory and once it did happen
but generally speaking the reason that
people misunderstand what you're saying
and then argue the misunderstanding is
not because they didn't
stand it that's the part that I missed
for decades for decades I thought why
are they acting so irrational and the
reason is is it's cognitive dissonance
so cognitive dissonance is what happens
when somebody hears an argument that
ruins their worldview so let's say
somebody believed let's say somebody
believed I don't know that well I'm
trying to think of something that we can
all relate to it doesn't matter let's
say somebody believed that the the moon
was made of cheese and they believed
that their whole life and then you do a
SpaceX or you do a rocky ship goes up
there it takes a sample back shows it to
the person says see it's not cheese it's
just this is dirt and dust and rocks and
stuff now in the if the people were
rational what would the person who
thought the moon was made in a cheese do
well they say oh wow I've been wrong
about this cheese thing for a long time
but there it is there's the proof and
you actually showed the video I know
that you shot the rocket I watched the
launch that's what you'd expect right
but that doesn't happen never happens
the person will say well you think you
faked the moon shot they'll say yeah but
that's not actually dirt from the mood
that's fake dirt that you substitute so
you can't get somebody who's in
cognitive dissonance to find your point
because missing the point is the only
thing that mattered to them they have to
miss the point in order to maintain
their worldview so so people will just
go all over the place to avoid losing
their worldview anyway I don't know why
I was talking about that it just sort of
popped up I want to tell you the story
that ruined me I think I'll tell you
this story after all so a reasonable
question that one might ask is how did I
guess so cocky and people have been
asking me that a lot lately
it has a lot to do with me being write a
lot so of course
I'm cockier when I'm more right and when
I'm more wrong about things I tend to
tone it down as one as one should but
there was a there's something that
happened to be an eighth grade that is
part of my story remember I told you
that it's good to have a story that is a
story of you so that there's sort of a
personal story that is your your brand
it's sort of internal you don't have to
share it with anybody but it's basically
the story that describes you and my
story as I've told you is that I always
win now it's not true obviously it's not
true that I always win I'm sure I lose
probably as much as everybody else you
know if you actually you know did a
scientific study of it but my story is
that I can come from behind and my story
is that I can win against great odds now
I have lots of anecdotal you know
stories that that's happened probably a
dozen different situations in which I
beat the odds in ways that just that
just seemed weird it just doesn't even
seem possible I mean the fact that I I'm
even here talking to you this because I
beat the odds in so many ways it's hard
to believe but I think it all started in
eighth grade and here's the story
my 8th grade teacher was teaching the
class how to properly answer questions
on an upcoming standardized state test I
think it was the Regents and he said he
said I'll we'll go over some example
questions and that'll teach you the year
the the basically the style of how to
answer the questions you know and they
were multiple choice and that the
instructor says the teacher says all
right now here's the question and the
answer obviously is B so you would put B
in this little box and I raised by and I
said no I think the answer is actually a
and the you know my biology teacher was
like you know you could tell he was a
little put out he was like no the answer
is B and they starts to go on to the
next thing it was like
yeah and I hear what you're saying but
I'm pretty sure the answer is a now keep
in mind what's going on here I was in
eighth grade and he was a biology
teacher and it was a biology question on
a standardized test one assumes that he
also had the answers sheet right so he's
a biology teacher with the answer sheet
and I'm disagreeing with him in the
class and telling him he got the wrong
answer on a multiple-choice test of
which this question was designed to be
the easy and obvious one because it's
used as an example to teach the class
how to answer the question and so he
said now no I trust me I'm the biology
teacher you're the student it's B and
this will this will this will tell you
more about me than anything that you
ever anything you would ever need to
know about me is in this next part of
the story and then I said yeah I don't
think so
nope I'm not buying it I'm not buying
that you're right because you're the
biology teacher and I'm the student
because I'm looking at this question and
I'm telling you it's a few days go by
and by the way I asked him if he had the
answer sheet and he said no I don't have
the answer sheet but let me remind you
I'm a biology teacher with a biology
education this is the course I teach you
would be a student who has not learned
this yet
I say it's B that's the end of the story
a few days later teacher comes to me in
class he goes uh I was kind of curious
and so I I hunted down the actual answer
to that question and the answer was a
you were right now I think that ruined
me for the rest of my life because do
you know how funny
to be an eighth-grader have a public
discussion about your your with your
teacher about the right answer to a
biology question and have him have to
admit and he decided he sided in front
of the rest of this class and he had to
admit that our public disagreement went
my way and and by the way the only
reason that I knew I had the right
answer is because there was something
about the way the question was worded
and that I as a good multiple choice
question answerer just sort of deduced
it because the structure of the question
I didn't even know the content I didn't
even know the subject matter I just
thought the question was worded
differently and so anyway I think that
ruined me because it's sort of
reinforced that that thing that I could
disagree with Authority like an idiot
and still come out okay and you just
watched me do it again disagreeing with
Authority is really stupid if you ever
find yourself in my situation where you
want to disagree with the greatest
experts in the world don't do it don't
do it it's not gonna go your way very
often you're not gonna get lucky I mean
I feel like there might be some luck
involved here because even I can't
believe that I'd beat the odds so often
but I do have a history of it those of
you know my story with my voice problem
for three and a half years I couldn't
speak intelligent intelligently
intelligibly because I had this weird
voice problem where my vocal cords would
would constrict and three and half years
of asking doctors how to solve it didn't
work I ended up solving it myself by
finding a doctor somewhere in the world
who had a solution but I couldn't find
him through my doctors I found them
through my own work and now I'm cured so
there are tens of thousands of people
all over the this country right now as
we speak there are tens of thousands of
people who literally can't speak when
they try to talk it's like
it's doubtful nothing comes out and if
there's tens of thousands of people the
reason that they can't get a solution is
because their doctor told them there
wasn't one there is one I know it I had
the surgery I'm talking to you right now
could you hear me right now if there
were not a surgery that cured that very
problem no so all over the doctors there
let's say each of these people has at
least one doctor there are probably
40,000 people which means there are
probably 40,000 doctors who got the
wrong answer on this question 40,000 of
them who their patient came in and the
doctor said I don't know what that is
never seen this before or they said I do
northa says it's called cognate scald
the spasmodic dysphonia and there's
nothing you can do about it except Botox
treatments that they don't work that
well so how often are doctors wrong in
my in my experience quite a bit could I
sing which is actually a good question
no but I couldn't sing before so I don't
know how different that would be my my
range of my vocal range definitely is
constricted after the surgery meaning
that I can't do I can't do an artificial
high pitch if I wanted to I can't go up
I can't go up very high but I can go
down pretty low as low as I couldn't
before but it took a little off the top
range somebody says are in the same
position got a condition the doctors
can't solve yeah try Google I found a
patient with the same condition on
Google which caused me to be able to
track down the doctor why did Trump get
mad at Kemp did he get mad more and more
so than he normally does I don't know oh
here's a little insight on South Korea
so let's talk about kim jeong-hoon
so the president yesterday let it slip
basically that he knows what the
situation is at North Korea well he said
that directly that wasn't the slip he
said he knows the situation now that
doesn't mean he's right but he said it
with confidence and he's the president
of the United States I think he knows
the situation but he can't be hundred
percent sure and he said that that he
hopes that Kim gets better now would you
say he hopes that Kim gets better if he
thought you were dead
no he would simply not say that sentence
at all he would just say something like
well I hope North Korea does well or I
hope I hope things work out or you know
I'm thinking good things for the family
he would say something generic generic
he wouldn't say something about him
getting better unless he knew he was
still alive now why is it that South
Korea is insisting unique among the
intelligence services and governments
it seems that South Korea is the most
contrarian they seem to say we see no
evidence that there's anything wrong how
does that make sense
isn't South Korea the most likely to
know what's going on right there's no
doubt about it South Korea well maybe
China but South Korea is probably the
most in the know about what's happening
there and they say we don't see anything
nothing to see here why could that be
why would they say there's nothing to
see and all the other ones say there is
it should be obvious to you it should be
obvious why South Korea's answers are
contrarian and here's the answer
South Korea has to live with North Korea
we get to say they think we want because
we're safely on the other side of the
world you know Kim jong-un isn't going
to come after me and the president is
also being very very diplomatic he
doesn't get credit he doesn't get enough
credit
I don't think for being as good a
diplomat as he is
when he wants to be it's when he doesn't
want to be that people who get you know
conserved but what he wants to be a good
diplomat he's maybe the best I've ever
seen and I would say that North Korea is
the best example of that because I think
President Trump did things
diplomatically there that just probably
weren't even possible for someone else I
think he just has a skill that allows
him to do some situations better than
other people
and that was one you could argue that
there are other things he's not as good
at but this will he's been around so
here's why South Korea would play it
differently what would happen if South
Korea broke the news that North Korea
had a change of leadership
how would North Korea react to that
after the fact not good North Korea is
not going to be happy if South Korea
breaks news about North Korea you see
that right if South Korea says yeah we
know what's going on up there and it
looks like he's dead or he's in a coma
oh my god North Korea is going to say
what the hell are you guys doing we're
keeping this quiet because we want to
keep this quiet you South Koreans are
the people we want to someday unify with
why are you doing this why are you
telling our secrets when we you know we
don't want you to do that you know we
don't want you to do that we're keeping
a secret that's not an accident
we're intentionally keeping your secret
South Korea we're supposed to be you're
the guys we're supposed to be able to
work with you're the guys we're trying
to make peace with why are you doing
this it would be it would be the most
impo light and disrespectful thing the
South Korea can ever do so ask yourself
now if you're the head of South Korea
and breaking this news even if you do
know the news would be so inappropriate
diplomatically politically even
personally even personally because you
know he's gonna have to deal with the
family or whatever's left or maybe Kim
himself
they're gonna be dealing with the family
or some member of the family and
probably you want to be as good as you
can be to set the stage because they're
gonna have a rough transition probably
in North Korea if if the news is right
there can have a rough transition it's
risky South Korea doesn't want to be
part of that the last thing the South
Korea wants the last thing South Korea
wants is to be brought into some kind of
a fight that they don't need to be part
of so there there are wisely just
staying out of it now there are two
situations in which South Korea would
say we don't see anything happening one
is if there's nothing happening and two
if there's something happening you
should expect exactly the same response
from South Korea just so they can stay
out of the drama that would be the right
play TMZ verified sources somebody says
okay Scott is Kim alive or dead well if
if the president can be taken as someone
who knows the answer to that not not a
hundred percent sure and if he knows the
answer then the answer is he was still
alive as of yesterday because that's
what the president indicated quite
clearly but we don't know if the
president knows either so I would say
the odds of and there seems to be more
reporting about an April surgery you
know we've heard two stories one of them
one of the stories to say he might have
been injured when one of the missiles
was tested and then another one is he
may be he had heart surgery that went
wrong and I'm thinking the missile test
story where maybe he was injured in a
missile accident sounds to me like the
least likely situation of all because if
a missile blew up on the launch pad we
wouldn't know that we'd probably have
satellite pictures by now we'd have a
picture of you know Kim jong-un's
entourage and you know there'd be a
satellite picture of the ground
you know you'd see where the explosion
was and I don't I I think there's very
little chance that it was an explosion
he had said Road injures
kim jeong-hoon he is both he is both
dead and alive at the same time until
proven otherwise isn't coronavirus an
obvious probability not in terms of
communication so somebody so it is
speculated that maybe Kim is just hiding
out from the coronavirus but that
wouldn't explain why it doesn't show up
on video it doesn't explain why you
wouldn't be issuing statements in his
own name it wouldn't explain why you
just wouldn't explain it because if you
were staying if he were a light if you
were lying low because of the
coronavirus I think he'd just say so but
because every other leader is doing it
so I think I think coronavirus is maybe
a contributing factor in some way to the
story but I don't think it's the D story
what about the New York Times reporter
Davey well I haven't heard anything
since my my my curse Laden opinion of
that situation what's the difference
because the Kim's are just figureheads
I think they're figureheads who do have
their fingers of the nuclear buttons are
you a finger head if you're the what
figurehead if you're the one who
controls the nukes
I don't think China controls North
Korea's nuke I mean I wouldn't I
wouldn't say it's impossible that seems
pretty unlikely Kim can't admit that
he's susceptible because the public
views him as a god well if he wants to
keep his god-like aura all I ask to do
is appear on video say hey Here I am how
you doing
he doesn't have to admit these hiding
because of it so the fact he's done a
video tells me that he's in bad shape
all right
somebody says Kim likes to be in the
news so maybe creates the stories for
himself I doubt it do you think his
military is trapping him keeping him for
making a deal with Trump you know let me
say let me say that of all the
hypotheses that one would be the second
strongest I think I think the first
strongest is that he's legitimately sick
but if I had to pick a second choice
second choice would be the he's under
house arrest yeah that would be second
choice but I think that's really low low
on the scale but still second choice he
can't be seen because we will that will
ruin the weight loss reveal so maybe
it's a weight loss reveal I thought at
one point he was kidnapped yeah I don't
think so
he fell off a white horse I'd hate to be
the surgeon who botched that surgery if
that's what happened now let me ask you
this if you're the surgeon and you've
got kim jong-un on your operating table
you know that one little slip of the
scalpel could end his regime but it
might kill you too
might even kill your family but you've
got this shot do you think it's possible
that there could be a top surgeon who
would be willing to risk his life maybe
his family's life to kill Kim jong-un on
the operating table and I would say
probably not because I think that by the
time you get chosen to be Kim jong-un's
personal surgeon they've done a lot of
checking and they've got your family on
you know your family is already
surrounded you know so your family would
be killed if you make a mistake so it's
hard to imagine that the surgeon would
do it intentionally it's not impossible
not impossible I mean maybe he could say
well I'll make it look like a mistake
you know nobody's gonna blame me if it's
you know people die
all right somebody says North Koreans
are brainwashed to not try well the
thing with brainwashing is it doesn't
affect everybody the same way the one
thing you could be sure of is even if
you accept that North Korea is the most
brainwashed population on earth it's
still not a hundred percent brainwashing
doesn't work that way because the brains
are too different you can't do one kind
of brainwashing and get every person
gives their own individual brains and
situations will make them make some
people immune
all right
North Korea surgeon never dealt with fat
people before now that is an interesting
that is a really interesting hypothesis
think about that there are literally
probably no other fat people in North
Korea the southern North Korean surgeons
who probably not practice anywhere else
might literally have never worked on an
overweight patient that's actually a
really good observation I don't know how
much extra heart that is you know maybe
maybe once you've you know get through
the upper layer maybe it's all the same
on the inside so I don't know if that
makes a difference all right he's
shaking so badly yeah I can imagine
those heads would be shaking badly if
you were operating on a god on the other
hand if you thought you were operating
on a god would you be worried that you
would die what kind of God dies from an
operation another surgeon said he was
nervous about working on an obese
patient so so maybe that is a thing got
to be another fat person in North Korea
then it might not be because you know a
lot well there might be in the in the
elite but how many times have we seen
pictures of Kim jong-un
with other elite lots of times have you
seen one other elite that has a weight
problem in North Korea
I think we would have seen at least one
but we didn't we didn't see anybody was
even averagely they're all under 100
percent of them different complications
after surgery right that is true we had
these two smoker to obviously was
exercising yeah all right
so that's all I got for today and I will
I will talk to you tonight join me
tonight I'll see you then