what feem administrator resigns I'm just
reading the
news hey
everybody come on in
here well you seem to be in a good mood
and why shouldn't you
be well it seems that once again I have
uh started this Periscope incorrectly
which means we'll have a small number of
people on
here um there's a there's a temporary
bug in the system where if I have the
guest mode turned on uh it won't do a
automatic notification to Twitter that
is being worked on I understand so um I
will not make this mistake again in the
future I
swear would you like to join me for the
simultaneous hip I know you would let us
grab our mugs our cups our ther es our
Steines our chales fill them with your
favorite liquid I like coffee and join
me for the simultaneous
sip ah hello Amsterdam thank you for
joining us we have a worldwide crowd
here as
usual so what's happening let's check a
few things so I like to go to the CNN
page first because whatever the CNN page
uh homepage for news is kind of gives
you an idea where the mainstream media
is at where their heads
at and so we start
with Groundhog Day you know the movie
Groundhog Day where the same day just
keeps repeating over and over see if you
can tell what day of the last two years
this is all right did this did this
headline happen today or sometime in in
the last two years maniford bombshell
deepens mystery in Russia
probe the manafort
bombshell and I'm thinking to myself oh
man this is going to be good let's read
about the manifer bombshell because I
haven't read that same headline 25
times all right let's see how far in we
can get before we get to the bomb Shelly
part and the latest debacle from man
oford deepening the core Intrigue now
now you have my attention it's a
bombshell and it's deepening the core
Intrigue this is big underlying okay
it's something underlying the probe and
and why have so many wait why have so
many of President Trump's Associates
been caught lying about
contacts I thought it was a story but it
turns out it's a
question it's not so much a story as it
is a question I'm not sure a question is
a
story all right in a significant new
twist this is going to be big in the
2016 election Saga wait we're still
talking about 2016 what year is this
2019 I believe okay a judge ruled
Wednesday the Trump's ex campaign
chairman intentionally lied to
investigators breaking a
deal
now I'm no news expert
but it seems to me that if you had a
choice between two headlines one of them
is maniford lied and the other one
potentially was maniford told the truth
which one of those would have been
news huh to me it seems like maniford
lied is dog bites man that's what dogs
do sometimes they bite people is it news
well I understand why it's news but the
funny part is maniford lied that should
stop being a headline at some point
should be maniford lied some more
maniford continues to lie maniford
always lies and just be done with
it all right so then there's some blah
blah blah in the article and they try to
get me Whipped up into a frenzy but I
got bored before I got whipped up CU I
swear I just feel like I've read the
exact same story
15 times now I know it's the first time
this story has come out but why does it
feel like the same damn story over and
over and over
again all right
um then we've got Jeffrey tubin saying
maniford is doomed that feels fair to
say all right let's talk about some
other
things um so I guess Amy
clature has referred to the green new
deal as quote
aspirational who's the first person who
told you that the green New Deal was
aspirational this guy yeah um and so
that gives them some wiggle room because
many of the Democratic presidential
hopefuls have have signed onto I think
all of them have signed in onto the
green New
Deal and it made you wonder how are they
going to defend that thing
and then somebody called it aspirational
and that gives everybody an out because
you know even I like it even I like the
green New Deal for being aspirational as
long as you admit that we have no idea
how to get to free education free health
care you know universal healthcare Etc
but if we could get there if we could
figure it out I'd like to have all those
things for the the
public um we just don't know how now uh
Corey
Booker is finding that it's not going to
be easy running for president and trying
to get the nomination in the party of
women as you know the uh the Democrats
have they've sort of evolved their brand
to be essentially the woman
party um I think the Republicans are
still the men and women
party but the Democrats have really
taken a stand that they're the woman
party and Cory Booker running for
president who has no chance no chance of
getting nominated
because I don't know if you've noticed
but he's not a
woman
and um he was asked if he would nominate
a woman and he gave one of the worst
answers I've ever heard a politician
give all right he actually said that um
he he can't commit to choosing a woman
as a vice president um um running mate
but that he would look to women
first what what's that
mean what does it mean that he would
look The Women to Women
First doesn't that mean that he he's
making a gender preference that is
independent of
uh independent of
qualifications and what and then he's
also created a trap for himself what if
he looks to women first but then he
decides to pick a
man would that mean that there are no
women in the United States who could be
a vice presidential candidate well I
looked to women I I talked to 150
million of them but I couldn't find any
turns out there were no women who were
qualified to be Cory Booker's vice
president according to a hypothetical
future Corey Booker um and I thought
that's that's just terrible
politicking because if you're a man and
you're watching that you just said to
yourself uh you're not going to look at
men or unless all of the women in the
United States are
unqualified um I don't think I like
that but and yet that that's
okay somehow that's okay that is so not
okay it's completely not
okay there was some answer he could have
give given that should have sounded
something like well obviously I'm going
to pick the most qualified person if I
picked a woman I I think that would be
great you know maybe it's you know uh
that'd be a step forward but I'm going
to look for the most qualified person so
something like that would have been the
better political answer
now we notice that uh on the Fox news
news page they are factchecking Cala
Harris for something she said about
Trump's tax plan raising taxes on the
middle class and I I guess the fact
Checkers are saying that's not the
case do you see Cala Harris being fact
checked on the CNN homepage let me look
um nope
so um let me ask you
this would it have been as clear to you
and I'm talking about you the the
regular Watchers of my periscopes would
it have been as clear to you from the
start that Cala Harris is essentially
the one who's been
pre-selected and that the media has
decided she's the candidate would it
have been as obvious before I told you
how all this works because I started
pointing this
out six months
ago right and now that it's pointed out
of course you have to watch out for
confirmation bias because once once that
seed is in you had maybe you're you know
you could easily see things that aren't
there because you have the idea in your
head but I I think I can support the
idea that objectively speaking you will
see her not get the same bad treatment
as the other candidates and I I think
you're already seeing that uh she even
lied about Tupac yeah you know um I'm
not too worried about little stuff like
that you know I guess Cala said was said
she smoked a a joint in college and and
back then she was listening to Tupac
and uh who else but uh apparently they
didn't even have albums out while she
was in college that came later but who
cares you know it might have been a fake
memory she just conf ated some memories
oh yeah Tupac and Snoop but who cares I
don't think that's
important all right now I you've been
prompting me to talk about this so
representative
Omar who was being attacked for saying
some things
allegedly uh anti-semitic
tropes
Trope uh and the specifically her tweet
I guess she said other she has a history
of other comments which have been
interpreted that way as well but the
latest one was It's All About the
Benjamins Benjamins referring to money
and referring to APAC Jewish Lobby and
referring to implicating uh indicating
that they were influencing congress with
money now I don't think anybody doubts
doubts that lobbyists influence Congress
um I I don't think the the general
concept that there are such thing as
lobbyists and they do influence things
nobody's really questioning that but she
was called out for that and the way CNN
covered it and the way Jake Tapper
covered it was just uh
mindboggling
because uh president Trump called her
out for her
anti-Semitism which caused Jake Tapper
to call out the president
for his past
alleged uh anti-Semitism and here are
the
examples that Jake
showed so so now so you've heard what
Omar did essentially said a money
related thing about Israel which is an
anti-jewish
Trope and
so uh Jake Tapper first showed the meme
that happened I guess during the
campaign in which there was a shape that
was a star the same shape as the Star of
David and in it there was a in the
background there was some money and I
forget what the message was but that was
less
important and so that was the first
example that the president tweeted
around a meme that somebody else made
and that there was a symbol on there
that looked like the Star of David now I
ask you is it likely that the president
saw that Meme and said aha there's that
hidden sort of hidden because it wasn't
meant to be a star of David but it was
the same shape when I say wasn't meant
I'm not reading any Minds I'm saying
that the design was not supposed to be
an obvious star David but it was the
same shape it was a five-sided Shar now
it could be and I think the story was
that the original Creator may have
actually intended it to be a star of
David I'm not sure what the what the
birth of that was but I feel like it's
fairly obvious that the president didn't
make that connection when tweeted it
when I saw it I certainly didn't make
the connection you know the first time I
is it a six-sided star yeah you're right
six-sided
star excuse me on that so the six-sided
Star of David
um I don't think there's the slightest
chance that the president was aware of
that symbolism connection when he
tweeted it and if you don't mention that
that there's no evidence he he knew that
that symbol was part of the meme cuz I
certainly didn't I mean it's it's I
would not have even thought of that I
could have looked at that all day long
and never made the connection so is it
likely that the president made the
connection and thought aha I think I
will cleverly send around some kind of
anti-jewish thing while he's campaigning
with you know his Jewish daughter his
Jewish uh you know his Jewish son-in-law
and his Jewish grandkids is it likely
that he did that that
intentionally the odds of that being an
intentional act are vanishingly small
and if you don't mention that and just
show it as if it's obvious he meant it
that is very fake
news um it's
mean-spirited fake news it's it's
aggressively fake news it's not even it
doesn't even feel accidental so that was
his first evidence that the president's
bad too and you got to keep this in
context
the second one
was that Trump made some uh jokes about
negotiating and about money when he gave
a speech during the campaign to some
Jewish organization I don't know who it
was but then they shows he shows the
clip and the context of the clip is that
the Pres
comp that that's what he does in other
words he was called what he does in
other words he was calling it a positive
trait he was actually in person looking
them in the eye and saying you know I
have this trait and then sort of with a
smile on his face saying yeah you're all
you're all negotiators too and they
laugh they
laugh all right so he's talking to a
group saying this this uh yeah and it
felt like he was playing with the
stereotype it felt like he was saying it
in a in a light-hearted way yeah you're
all a bunch of negotiators and that's
just like me that's what I'm doing with
this steal I'm going to renegotiate
it that's pretty
different um so some people are saying
that I broke up uh the connection broke
on the last point so
I'll just say that the Star of David
meme he sent around it's almost
impossible to imagine that he understood
that this was some kind of a secret
anti-jewish
thing and if you don't mention that we
don't have any evidence that he knew
that that's what the meme was about you
you that's not an honest story because
it's assuming he had some some thought
in his head which is not in evidence in
fact it's far more likely it wasn't the
case and then the second thing was he
gave the speech to the Jewish group in
which he was comparing a trait of
himself that he will negotiate a deal
and he'll he'll you know try to get the
best deal and he was he was with a smile
on his face clearly joking said the same
about the people in person to their
faces and they laughed because they
recognized that it was sort of based on
a stereotype and it was just sort of
funny because he he was talking about a
positive
trait and said he has it he likes to
renegotiate now is that using a
stereotype yes was it
hateful the
opposite the opposite is literally the
opposite of hateful he was he was saying
it's an endearing quality of course he
wasn't he wasn't believing every person
in the room has all these traits because
nobody would think that nobody would
look a room full of people and say every
person in this room has that specific
tra nobody would believe that so it was
so obviously a joke to people who got
the joke and understood that it was sort
of a kind-hearted
locker room if you will kind of A J uh
even jib is too strong it was just just
sort of a funny comment so to put that
in the context of hate is really
reversing what happened it's almost the
opposite of what happened right in front
of our eyes we got to watch the same
clip and then the third one and you know
this is the reason I'm bringing it up he
showed the Charlottesville hoax like it
was news again the Charlottesville hoax
for those of you who don't know is that
when the president said there are fine
people on both sides CNN continues to
report it as if he meant both sides
being antifa on one side and the the
white supremacists were literally
marching and saying anti-Semitic things
in their in their chanting somebody
saying it's not a hoax boy must be your
first time on this
Periscope
obviously and I think any any reasonable
person would know that when he said
there were fine people on both sides he
was talking about of the statue issue
because that's what the protests were
about it was a group of people who came
to protest and
counter-protest about the existence of
Confederate statute
so to say that there are fine people on
both sides is a simple statement that
there are fine people who like statues
those Confederate statues and people who
don't and they're fine people they just
disagree on this issue now of course CNN
turned that into the president of the
United States intentionally went on live
television and through his through his
love to White supremacists who are
Marching against his daughter against
his own um son-in-law that he obviously
has a close relationship Jared and
against his own grandchildren and
against Israel who and here's the fun
part somehow Israel hasn't noticed his
his alleged anti-Semitism that the CNN
seems to think is
obvious Israel didn't notice so none of
it makes sense the way CNN has reported
it and they continue to report it as if
that's a fact
as if it doesn't need any it doesn't
need to be explained as in some people
took it this
way wouldn't that be the honest way to
um to report it because the honest way
to report it is some people thought when
he said this he was talking about the
white supremacist other people think
that that's a ridiculous thought this
would be the honest way to say it a lot
of people a lot of people thought that
he was talking about the white
supremacist and that's the way it's been
reported but a lot of other reasonable
people said obviously it's not the white
supremacist he's just saying two sides
of the statue issue because the other
interpretation is just bad crazy
and to and to continue to lie about that
and I think it is a lie at this point I
don't know how to I don't really it's
well let me let me modify that a
little you can't know what people are
thinking so maybe people think that
that's really happened but but they have
been
informed let me say this with some
Authority they have heard the
alternative um
Theory the alternative
theory is that he was talking about both
sides of the statute issue that would be
a completely normal thing to say for a
president the other one would be
ridiculous like it would be insane to
even imagine that he went on TV and
threw in his lot with the white
supremacist as a president of the United
States and thought that will go okay all
right so the way CNN reports it is so
absurd I don't it's hard to come up with
a theory of how they could do this
repeatedly once they've been informed
that they interpreted it wrong how do
how do you keep doing it either you're
Liars or you really really believe it's
true despite I would say fairly obvious
to the you know evidence to the
contrary um Scott you shared this with
Chris Hayes and he still reports it is
real yeah I don't think anything can
shake them out of it and and here's why
I think there are two
pillars of the Trump
hatred that if the folks with TDS lose
them they they lose too much of their
world viw the two pillars are that the
Charlottesville hoax was real and that
the Russia collusion was
real th those are pretty much you know a
lot of the hate a lot of the hate of
this President are concentrated on those
two um two pillars and both of them are
hoaxes and I would say fairly obvious
hoaxes wouldn't you say now there were a
whole bunch of other things that people
said about him but those are sort of
melted away you know he he's not acting
like a dictator he's he's not not crazy
he's not getting bad results on the
economy he's not he's not you know
Finding uh that other countries won't
work with us none of that's happening so
there's just all these other things that
were said about this President which are
very clearly not the case now if you
look at what what people worried about
right if you go back to 2016 and say
what are the what are the people who
were experiencing the
hysteria what were they worrying about
well now you don't have to worry about
if those things will happen because
you've got two years to look at and you
go okay nothing crazy happened you know
at least crazy in the way that matters
to anybody uh other countries still work
with us the economy is screaming we're
probably safer than we've ever been if
you consider North Korea you know uh
being nice Etc so all you have left the
only thing you have left to maintain
your ego and that's what it is at this
point for the
anti-trumpers they've they've bet their
entire ego on Trump being bad in
whatever ways bad means to them and if
they lose the Charlottesville hoax the
whole racism thing is going to start to
fall apart because if you look at what
he's done from you know releasing Alice
Johnson is that her name to uh working
working to improve things with uh prison
reform to having the best economy ever
for the middle class and the lower lower
middle class these are all things that
are just directly beneficial to the
community that people said he was going
to discriminate
against and even if you look at the
immigration question what before we
became educated about border security
people just you know were were tribal
and they just were on each other's sides
but we've all been educated and that
sort of changes how you see the Border
question you know I think there's been
enough education about a real need for
border security to the point that even
the even the Democrats have voted for it
in the past they apparently they're
supporting it at the moment so even
right now we're watching the Democrats
agree with the president right now
they're disagreeing on dollar amount but
they now agree on principle am I wrong
about that the objection to the Border
fence or wall or whatever you want to
call it the objection was always un
principle the objection was not really
ever about money you fact checked me on
that right but it wasn't really a budget
problem because it was small compared to
the whole budget so the moment that the
Democrats climb down from it's a moral
objection and they climb down to well
suppose the budget is smaller they've
given away their entire principle they
have completely abandoned their own
argument that they have been hammering
the president for 3 years for years
they've been hammering this guy only to
climb down in the face of actual
negotiations and um and you know light
being shined on by the public because
there's a real
problem there's a real
problem
um so I think the Charlottesville
hoax and I think the Russia collusion
are going to be so important for the
mental health of the
anti-trumpers because if they lose those
two things they have to admit that
they've been wrong about the most
important thing in their lives I'm talk
about the people who are in the
political domain and Reporting on it
that they would be wrong about the most
important thing that they've believed
since n since uh
2016 people can't really do that
the the average normal
mind cannot make that much of a
transition and and survive right
somebody said they'll still bring up
David Duke so David Duke has now uh
didn't he support
Omar uh I believe David
Duke has supported Keith Ellison and I
think Omar so you even have you even
have David Duke supporting Democrats
which just totally ruins everything
because one of the biggest complaints
about Trump was uh hey oh can you
explain why the the racists seem to like
Trump is that just a coincidence is it a
coincidence all the racists seem to
support the same person huh and that
that was one of the biggest arguments
against Trump and then we watch and it
turns out turns out those racists they
like some
Democrats they like themselves some
Democrats that kind of ruins that whole
thing now of course if we were smart we
would have realized that the most common
situation in the world is that people
will like the same thing for different
reasons let me give you an example I
have one in my hand have you ever seen
one of these this is the the uh Apple uh
airpods the little uh
earpieces that are Wireless for the
Apple oops d D
it did I lose you um I hope I didn't
lose you there because I accidentally
activated my uh my iPad with these but
here's my point if you asked five people
what they like about
these you would get different answers
some people would say I like how they
feel in my ears because I don't like the
overear kind some people would say oh I
hated the cables some people will say I
like how convenient they are so if you
just ask somebody just a simple question
they say hey hey Bob why do you why do
you like this product and by the way I'm
going to tell you this is freaking
great this is a great product um just
that's just in theide i i i resisted
getting these for a
while and I have to tell this if if you
watch my uh conversation with nval uh
and if you haven't you really need to
see it it's it's pinned to my uh my
Twitter feed it's at the top but if you
watch that uh and you'll see how smart
nval is and it it'll just blow you away
smartest I I've called them the smartest
person I've ever met and I'm sticking
with that uh but I I don't know when it
was but it was a while ago I was at his
house and or at his place and he he
recommended that everybody should have
these and I remember thinking well nval
is actually the smartest person I know
and if he says I should have these maybe
I should but then I I didn't really feel
the need and long time went by and then
I got them you know I finally had a
reason to get some and and I tried him
and it took me about 10 seconds to say
damn it he's right again he's right
again uh smartest person I know anyway
you should you should get these These
are are amazing but you'll you'll lose
them you you'll spend you have to you
have to uh uh if you get that product
you have to calculate 15 minutes a day
for looking for them because you'll
misplace them