well here we are I've solved my
technical
problems we got a new iPhone that seems
to work unlike my last one well it sort
of
works it does show that I have 16
messages that I don't really have to
figure that out all
right let's call up my uh comments here
for
locals and then we're going to be in
good
shape there we are
last day of the year hope you're ready
for
[Music]
this good morning everybody and welcome
to the highlight of human civilization
it's called coffee with Scott Adams it's
the end of the year's show the best
thing that ever happened to you but if
you'd like to take this experience up to
levels that nobody can even understand
with their tiny shiny human brains all
you need for that is a copper mugger
glass a tanker Chell a canteen Jugger
flask a vessel of any kind fill it with
your favorite liquid I like coffee join
me now for the unparallel pleasure the
dopamine head of the day the thing that
makes everything better it's called the
simultaneous Sip and it happens
now oh my God that was was
good
well we made
it we made it to the end of the year
congratulations everybody you did it
again uh now we didn't all make it I
know some of you had some deep losses
this
year but uh at least the rest of us made
it for now well let me tell you the news
so China is building what's being called
the solar Great Wall so it's a gigantic
wall of solar and they're going to be
done by 2030 and it's going to power the
entire city of Beijing they
think that's kind of awesome how long
would it have to be well 250 Mi
long um it's going to be 3 miles wide
and stretch for 250
miles across the desert and
and I said to myself I know where we
could put a giant solar wall I've got an
idea yeah on our border remember
remember when uh it was beginning of the
first Trump Administration and maybe
even before he was elected and we were
coming up with all these ideas for how
to build a cool wall on the southern
border and we had all these ideas like
what if you put solar panels you know
all across it and you make it a an
energy plus well China is doing it but
it looks like they're not it's not a
regular wall because it's three miles
wide so it's a solar
wall anyway
meanwhile um good news
networks and Andy cor's writing that um
there has been invented a way to pull
water and a
fog so apparently there are places have
fog but not enough water it doesn't rain
enough but they get some fog and now
they have these little metal needle
things that are like mimicking pine
needles that don't require any
electricity you just set it up in the
fog and it captures the fog water and
drains it down into a pale or something
that's kind of cool and an actual no
energy needed water capturing
machine that's a first no needed H um
according to S poost Eric Dolan is
writing that men in relationships have
better sexual functioning regardless of
sexual
orientation so the study says that men
who are in
relationships have better sexual
functioning uh what do you think I'm
going to say about that do you know me
well enough to know exactly what I'm
going to say yes you do yes you do it's
backward science sence let me ask you
who is more likely to be in a
relationship in the first place probably
people who are pretty good at sex
because their partner says well I could
certainly live with more of that what
about people who have bad sexual
function do their couple does their
partner
say I'd like to do that for the rest of
my life no it's backwards it is not that
the relationship is improving your
sexual performance
your sexual performance has improved
your
relationship backwards science should
have asked me I could have straightened
that
out well over at x uh X had a uh a win
that might have been not a win but you
decide was this a win or not a win so
Governor Nome in California uh bragged
on X that he had dramatically slowed and
reduced the growth gr of
homelessness but a community note
quickly jumped in and said uh completely
misleading um because homelessness has
been growing year after year since 2019
all right so let me let me say it again
but listen to the exact words so Nome
said that he has dramatically slowed and
reduced the growth of
homelessness he's reduced the growth of
homelessness the community knows
says it's misleading because
homelessness is
increasing but not very very much
compared to how much it had been
increasing in every prior
year I feel like I feel like Nome is
right on this although he may have
written it so that dumb people would
think it was more than it was but what
he said is exactly and precisely correct
he dramatically according to the
statistics that were shown um he
dramatically slowed and is dramatic it's
a lot he slowed and reduced the growth
which is the increase the rate basically
um of
homelessness It's actually an
accomplishment uh I'm not sure that I
think Community knows a little over step
there because if you were to read his if
you were to read his statement and then
you would read Community notes
correcting his statement it would seem
to be that he was claiming credit for
something that wasn't
wasn't worthy of credit or that he lied
he didn't lie and it's totally worth
mentioning because it looks like it's
heading in the right
direction so I'm going to say that Nome
should have won that battle but because
it's on X I think Community notes
slapped him down I disagree with this
one I think this was Community notes
should have said it's a little
misleading but keep in mind the total
numbers going up a little bit that that
would have been
Fair um did you know that the US
attorney uh who is named in the hunter
Biden's IRS whistleblowing
testimony let's see uh now what what I
think this is like two stories that got
mixed up but
uh Matthew Graves a US attorney for the
District of
Columbia who is named serviced in
testimon by IRS whistleblowers about
political interference in the case will
resign and then get out of here so it
looks like there's going to be a lot of
people associated with the
Biden Department of Justice that are
going to resign or in some cases leave
the country and what do you think about
that what do you what do you what do you
think do you think that they're
overreacting or do you think that they
have a reason to
you know maybe get out of there and stay
out of
trouble one of the uh I was confusing
this story with one of the other doj
attorneys that was going after Trump
leaving the country the one that left
the
country I don't know that that was
exactly you know the the right move to
protect himself but it signals some kind
of
guilt like I feel that they think that
they were guilty so they know know they
better get out of town so I can't tell
if it's just that they're afraid of meol
trump or if they know they're
guilty it feels like they know they're
guilty but that's just my
bias
well if you didn't think that being on X
was a a trip I just have to tell you
about this one little
exchange that happened
today that couldn't happen anywhere else
there's no place else in the world that
the following exchange could have
happened so Shan Ono Lennon who as you
know is John Lennon son one of them um
he uh the other day he pointed out that
there was some some account that people
thought was Elon Musk in Disguise you
know like a secret account but
apparently it wasn't it's just somebody
who either sounds like him or used AI to
sound like him or something probably
just sounds like him anyway so Sean Ono
Lenin had pointed out that you know that
fake account or that other account is
not fake but the other account was not
really Elon so Sean posts today an X he
says apparently when I pointed out that
Adrian that was that other account
people thought was Elon is not Elon
despite having a similar sounding voice
that was quote dick riding to many
people and then Shan says making factual
observation is not dick writing people
stating a fact fact is not sucking up he
says I pray that 2025 magically makes
everyone smarter and then he follows up
with uh dick writing for the record
would be something like quote wow Elon
you have not only you not only are
incredibly handsome but you have a
13inch penis and that's just really
amazing and seanan says I have never
said anything like that and I'm and I'm
not saying it's not 13
I just don't know and have no interest
now if that's the only thing that
happened it would still be worth a
chuckle because you know it's John
Lennon's kid and he's just talking about
Elon musk's penis so that alone would be
worth
noting but then Elon Musk enters the
chat so Elon Musk decides to interact
with the posts about the enormous the
enormity of his
penis and he
says he says actually it's 36 in on
basically a
tripod and then he follows up quickly
with another post he says guess in the
way
frankly and just like that the richest
man in the world made us all think about
the length of his penis
intentionally because it's
funny and it is
funny so here's here's a little uh humor
lesson sometimes things are funny
because they're
funny sometimes it's funny because the
person who said it wasn't supposed to
say it that that's what this is It's not
that his comments were you know if you
were joke writer you could tell these
jokes on stage and people would laugh
it's nothing like that it's just that
he's not supposed to do that you're not
supposed to do that hey hey hey you're
not supposed to do that and he does it
anyway God I love
it I I love that he has no respect for
any boundary that doesn't really
matter like most of us have respect for
boundaries but we we obey all the
boundaries just sort of reflexively it's
easier but he doesn't seem to respect
any boundary you know whether it's
or what he says where uh there's no
respect for any boundary if the boundary
doesn't really matter and this is one of
those well Glenn Greenwald is pointing
out that Trump's brief to the Supreme
Court about the Tik Tock
ban uh urging the delay of the Tik Tock
ban um he says that banning it would be
a grave danger this is what Trump's
lawyer say would be a gra a grave
dangers to free speech by allowing the
US government to ban social media
platforms saying it risks having the US
turn into Brazil where Jud judges simply
ban any views of people they want
well let me say this about that um well
I agree with the argument that it would
be a limit on free
speech um only in the sense that there
would be one fewer platform but I can
see the argument but I would already add
to that argument the
following China doesn't have free speech
in
America the citizens who use the
platform American citizens anyway
certainly do and we would extend that to
you know if it were an American platform
we would extend the Free Speech to
anybody who is using it if it's an
American platform
typically however that applies to
individuals individuals in the United
States at free speech so that part of
the argument is pretty strong here's a
part that I think gets a little
sketchy if I say something on social
media and the algorithm that is
controlled ultimately by China not
directly but they can control it if I
say something and then the algorithm
decides that you won't see it was my
free speech impinged by China
maybe suppose I say something that
normally would not be seen by a lot of
people but it's really
pro-china I say China will be the winner
in the long run their country is great
and then suddenly it goes viral because
somebody in China decided to make it
viral was that my free speech or is
there a macro effect where the algorithm
summing up all the speech of people and
deciding which speech which which speech
you see and what you don't I would argue
that the algorithm is a form of
speech but it's a form controlled by
China
ultimately so does China have the right
to use algorithmic
manipulations on Free Speech if the if
the thing they're manipulating is actual
Free Speech which should be individual
saying what they want to say but then
the platform sums it together and then
changes it into an algorithmic messaging
where you can hear more of something
that they want you to hear and less of
something else I would argue that the
speech by individuals is
protected but the speech collectively by
what the algorithm controlled by China
does may not
be so I think we have to look at the
collective effect of the algorithm as a
form of its own speech is that
protected I don't know I don't know now
I do agree with saving tiktock if we can
get an American
owner I would ideally like that to be
somebody who's compatible with you know
the the Trump World which would give the
political right the two biggest most
important uh platforms by far imagine if
somebody who's at least friendly with
the right so they're not going to be
sending negative messages about the
right um could you imagine if by the end
of the Trump um Administration imagine
if um musk owns X some Ally of
trump owns Tik Tock and then the regular
media landscape the traditional media
continues to fall into
irrelevance and the podcasting
atmosphere is really really well done by
conservatives you know probably better
than the Democrats are doing but I don't
have much visibility on that
so I don't know things are heading
toward how in the world can Democrats
ever recover I guess that's my theme for
today how in the
world what kind of path would they have
to ever recover they they don't have a
personality they don't have a plan
they're losing all their platforms they
don't have messaging they don't have
skill they don't have under any
understanding of what went wrong they
don't know anything about Maga even
though they imagine they do how do you
recover from that where every single
thing they touched broke everything they
broke their own media they broke
everything all
right so
meta uh say they're going to allow AI
generated users on both Instagram and
Facebook
so the AI you could create an AI um like
a little AI personality and they're
going to allow
you they they'll explicitly allow you to
put that on their platforms and have it
interact with other people now it has to
be labeled it has to be labeled AI but
some of the examples are you you see a
profile of picture that looks like a
real person and they might be giving you
advice so you could send a message to
the little AI character that you created
and'll give you some advice and it might
be it might be even you know about some
domain in particular like relationships
or business or
something you know on one
hand you know maybe your first your
first reaction is hey they should not be
encouraging Bots you know AI they should
be discouraging them they should be
getting rid of them and I think this is
another case of
Zuckerberg being able to see the
future um he does impress
me with his ability to you know operate
in this planet
so I think he's right I think he's right
that you're way better off making it
legal and just say label it because
that's what it's going to be anyway I
mean it's going to turn into that anyway
so it feels like this I feel like he's
he's got the right Vision on this we
might as well embrace it because you
can't stop it
anyway um meanwhile Adam uh Adam Townsen
was reporting on Blue Sky you know the
competing one of the competing products
now for a and I haven't spent any time
on Blue Sky but Adam says that he did
his own research over there and found
out that's just tons of
bots
and apparently a lot of people are
conversing with the Bots now I don't
know the source of the Bots I I don't
think he's alleging that the Blue Sky
people are putting their own Bots there
but uh it makes me
wonder if that's an OP do you think
somebody's running an OP against Blue
Sky and filling it with Bots to reduce
their credibility or do you think that
all networks have Bots and maybe blue
sky is not not yet built up the
capability to defend against them but
will I don't know so look out for Bots I
guess that's my and and I would point
out again that this whole conversation
about foreign
workers um was really driven by a lot of
fake accounts whether they be Bots or
whatever they are trolls so the fake
accounts are one of the
biggest factors in in the world right
now trying to figure out who's
real
anyway uh Trump uh Trump's team has
advised or really required that people
who who have been nominated for his
various posts stop uh using social media
until after their nominations are
handled that's actually pretty
smart because almost anything that they
say on social media the ones who have
been nominated for offices is now just
going to be a Target so even if they're
not saying anything wrong people that
you know the Democrats will take it out
of context you know their primary thing
that they do and so it's this is
actually really smart it's smart for the
Trump Administration to publicly tell
them not to post because now if somebody
you know posts some insult about them
and they don't respond to it you don't
say oh it must be true because he's not
responding you could just say oh they've
all been asked not to use social media
for a few weeks
so I'm going to call this yet again
another example of the Trump team you
know first the uh the campaign and now
the team that he's putting together
they're really good they're really
really good like it's hard for me to
pick out
mistakes and this is one of those things
where I've not I've never seen it done
before but it's right on point it's like
100% yeah this is exactly what you
should do ask them not to post
smart they just keep being
smart um and again I I always feel like
I have to say this the boss still gets
the credit that's the way it works right
Trump is the one who picked his team
Trump is the one who says yes or no to
everything so no matter how good his
advisers are and they are very good um
the boss still gets the credit
all right MSNBC
uh is is wondering why there isn't more
push back on Trump why the media isn't
attacking him as much as they hoped or
expect they pointed out uh one of their
shows that there don't seem to be many
protests and the foreign leaders are not
bristling they're sort of embracing him
and uh they're trying to figure out like
why is it different so msnbc's you know
the dumbest show on TV which I I treat
as a Comedy Network like literally when
I say I treat MSNBC as a Comedy Network
that's not a hyperbole is literally the
only reason I watch it and I watch it a
lot I watch it because I can't even
believe what I'm seeing you know the the
propaganda is so thick that they sort of
left the pretense of being a news you
know if if you've been paying attention
they're they're just some
humorously ineffective propaganda if
their propaganda were effective it
wouldn't be funny at all but the fact
that it doesn't work and all it does is
make the Democrats weaker every day
that's funny because they haven't
figured out that they're only making
things worse that's funny anyway so
here's their speculation about why the
public is being nicer to Trump not as
many protests and foreign leaders being
Nic nicer to him and basically there's
just not enough
resistance their best idea was sheer
exhaustion that that Trump wore out the
resistance to which I
say did MC MSNBC not
notice that he won the majority
vote maybe one difference is that the
majority of Americans agree with him and
they agree with him so so much that
after four years of Biden's failures
they practically begged him to come back
in office and they're pretty happy about
what he's suggesting because the top
three things He suggests are exactly
what the top three things the public
wanted could it be that the reason there
are no protests is that nobody has the
incentive what is there somebody who
desperately wants to go back to the
Biden economy I've not met anybody have
you ever met a Democrat Democrat who
said you know there there's some things
Biden didn't get right but I sure liked
his
economy I haven't heard that so could it
be that it's not sheer exhaustion could
it be that even the people who disagreed
with them agree that they didn't run a
better candidate on the other side and
isn't it true that the Democrats can see
that everything they tried fell apart
Dei drove them into complete destruction
by the way I think that's the Topline
explanation if you if you think there's
a different explanation I might laugh at
you this is a Dei
collapse this is what it is it if the
Democrats had been listening to James
Carville and you know some of their non
Dei people who knew what they were
talking about they might have won the
election it was
Dei that just destroyed the party and
again
if you're new to my content when I say
Dei destroyed everything well I say it
destroys everything it touches it has
nothing to do with anybody's genes
nothing to do with anybody's culture
nothing to do with anybody's IQ it just
has to do with putting a constraint on
the people that you can hire and putting
an artificial constraint where it leans
away from Merit and toward identity it
that guarantees you'll Destroy
Everything You Touch on paper you could
just look at it and say huh if you did
this it looks like it would destroy
everything it touches and then you check
back later oh yeah yep sure enough the
the design was predictive design is
Destiny so sheer
exhaustion and then also a collective
conclusion that early resistance
framework didn't work
before it did work before it totally
worked Trump lost the second election so
not only did they not know what worked
it totally worked because it convinced
their party that they really need to
stick together to get him out of office
after one term and they
did so now they don't even know it
worked they think it's exhaustion
instead of just preferring policies that
work and closing the border and getting
rid of inflation if he can do it and and
Doge of course and I I think I don't
think you can
underestimate the power of
Doge because no matter what side you're
on you know the government's taking too
much of your money and spending it in
the wrong way and you know that no
matter what else you think of a vake or
Elon politically you know they have the
skill to do the one thing that can make
America secure over all of our
competitors for decades to come nobody
else could do it in my opinion it's just
undoable it might be undoable by them I
mean it's it's that hard but I do trust
that they can figure it out so I think
even Democrats are looking H maybe I
don't want to complain about this Doge
thing till we see if they can deliver
because they might like it
to um and then separately
MSNBC was wondering had a one of their
female panel members suggest that men
are in crisis and this is the reason
Trump has so much support and they need
therapy and she said just like she's in
therapy I never would have guessed um
and that the the men American men should
be not listening to Joe Rogan because
it'll turn them into
fascists I I would like to see a
Convention of all the people who turned
into fascists by walking watching Joe
Rogan now imagine you had like this this
big Amphitheater but there's nobody in
it it's like this giant Stadium nobody
there just like a bird flying by that
would be all the people in America who
listened to Joe Rogan and became fascist
because of it
because everything that Joe Rogan
says is
anti-fascist so why is it the MSNBC
thinks it's the opposite of What It Is
Well it's
projection the MSNBC thing is just pure
projection and
uh well that's all it is it's just men
are not in crisis over any of the
political stuff not even
close men are in crisis but but not over
the politics um according to
Reddit there are uh
there's a suggestion that some large
accounts on X that have a lot of
followers are sometimes selling their
account to Bad actors who are using
their big accounts to push their
propaganda and uh musk says if he finds
them he's going to Nuke them but again
look out for fake accounts so the fakery
and the
persuasion from social media is kind of
kind of the big sort of the biggest
variable going forward
forward meanwhile um oh let let me just
point out one other
thing
so how many of you would agree with the
following
statement that uh Elon musk's supportive
Trump put him over the top now we don't
know that but does that
seem seem real to you some say he spent
$250
million um certainly musk made it safe
for other tech people to support Trump
wouldn't you agree because if elon's
doing it and he's the smartest person
that we know in the public life it just
makes you say wait a minute like why is
he doing this he's smarter than me so I
I think that Elon
um the elon's contribution to the
campaign especially in Pennsylvania
probably put him over the top now you
could say that about other things you
could say Scott presler put him over the
top you could say you know Laura Trump
and you know other people did such a
good job that it put him over the top
and you could say that you know some
influencer was so good it put him over
the top but you needed all of it you
probably needed all of it to go the way
it went but I do think that elon's
involvement more important than others
how about Joe
Rogan's Joe Rog yeah you beat me to it
what about Joe Rogan's
contribution I think it's huge because
Rogan doesn't even identify as a
republican I mean he was a Bernie
supporter just
recently and so and Elon was also
Democrat until recently so when you see
people who are you know lifelong
Democrats say um you we we've left the
plane of common sense you know you let's
just be reasonable and be smart about
this I I think that between
Rogan and
musk it made it completely safe to
support Trump and it also made it wait
for it it made it the manly thing to do
meaning that men
could you know feel good about their
identity if they're agreeing with Rogan
and musk because men like those two you
know we we admire both of their
accomplishments in different ways so if
you accept that that the Rogan and musk
were really a critical part of putting
Trump into the winning
category I would point out that both of
them have noted that the fine people
hoax was their sort of the thing that
woke them up so they both said that once
you realize the fine people hoax was a
hoax it kind of allows you to see the
other hoaxes it almost like suddenly
everything comes into focus and you say
wait a minute if they could have lied on
that that was so obviously easily debunk
all you had to do is play the whole
video instead of part of it that's it
that was a whole debunk play another 30
seconds of the the video that you say
he's saying one thing and you'll see
that that's not what he said now once
you fully understand that they knew they
were lying this is the important part
the thing about the fine people hoax is
they knew they were lying
they all knew it because it was so
easily
knowable so when it got finally debunked
by Snopes and you know the good work of
many republican oriented people Steve
Cortez Joel poock and I was all over it
as well then eventually just poking on
that one tent pole as I called it so
remember you remember I've called the
fine people hoax the tent pole hoax
meaning if you could make that whole
disappear the whole tent would collapse
so I told you that years ago and I told
you I was going to work on it to the
death and I was just going to lean on
that freaking pole and hammer on it
until until it goes and so I did you
know with a lot of other people that I
mentioned and we just hammered on that
thing and hammered on it and hammered on
it and I mentioned in a post on X that
it was the tent pole h FKS that allowed
people to be comfortable coming over to
to Trump he had to remove that and a lot
of people said so and uh Elon Musk
responded to my statement that it was it
was a thing that allowed you to see the
other hoaxes and he said yes he he
agreed that that was the breaking that
hoax was what opened up the whole
door
so this will be the history that nobody
tells the history that nobody tells is
that we were living in a hoax
dominated
reality and until we could break that
break that spell nothing was going to
get
better and this is the what I call the
the rise of the internet dads this was
the internet dads the internet
dads and mothers right so don't want to
be sexist but um it feels like the the
the
important people that people had
credibility in you know I always throw
Mike covich into all my examples he's
like the ultimate example of stuff and
you saw pretty pretty soon you saw
somebody that you trusted saying it was
a hoax and then eventually it broke
through and when by the time it got on
Snopes um it was a big deal I would say
that the biggest unreported story is
that the media never reported that
Biden's primary reason for running for
election was a hoax and it was a hoax
that the media itself had carried and
the reason they can't tell you it's the
biggest story of the year that it got
debunked and it collapsed the entire
tent is that they were responsible for
it so the news can't tell you the news
because the news is that the news were
the bad guys who kept the tent pole
alive it wasn't the Democrats it was the
news the f news
knowingly
knowingly kept that 10 pole alive and
when it
fell it fell
hard and I don't think they can recover
they're all buried under the tent they
have no idea what's outside the tent at
this
point all right so Biden found another
$5.9 billion to send to
Ukraine
um and he said he's directed his
administration to surge as much
assistance Ukraine as
possible so this is how Biden describes
it and he does this is actually a good
communication wise his advisers did him
a solid on this one so rather than
making it sound like we're just shipping
our money over to Ukraine he tries to
soften it by saying that what we're
really doing is we're drawing down our
older equipment meaning that we're
sending our older stuff to Ukraine and
then we're replacing it it so that we
have new stuff and Ukraine still has
stuff but we have newer stuff so we're
better off
now uh that does soften it it does
soften it so if you know that if you
knew that 5.9 billion was just going to
Ukraine that would sound pretty bad if
you knew that we were going to upgrade
all of this equipment anyway I don't
know that that's true but if you thought
it was true you'd say oh well we were
kind of going to spend it anyway so you
know what were what were we even going
to do with the old stuff how do you get
rid of the old stuff anyway might as
well send it to Ukraine so he does have
a point he does have a point but there's
a bigger
Point Trump
won Trump
won and to me once the people have
spoken especially by a majority of uh
voters um any that the outgoing
Administration does that is designed
specifically to
thwart the Ambitions of the incoming
Administration that feels like very
wrong is it's not just wrong because you
don't like the policy it's wrong because
we're only a few weeks away from the new
leader the new leader probably has
different ideas about how much to feed
the monster and if you're doing things
that are
dramatically in contrast to what the
incoming Administration wants that
borders
on it's not
treason but there's some kind of
disloyalty to the public that's the way
to say it right not there's not a
criminal act but the
disloyalty the disrespect to the voters
it's a little hard for me to ignore like
I I feel I'm literally being insulted
because we had this system there was a
winner and now they're acting as if we
didn't vote and we didn't pick a
winner what they should be doing is
Consulting with the incoming as if this
could ever happen in the real world but
if they were acting as adults the
transition teams are talking right so
they have less communication everybody
says so
and uh Biden should be checking with
Trump and saying hey you know are you
okay with
buying new equipment and getting rid of
some of the old equipment and then Trump
might say something like just
hypothetically might say something like
yes but only if that's what you're doing
you know that's not a lie so yes if it's
true and yes if it's stuff we were going
to replace pretty soon
anyway and then you do it and you say we
we talked to the Trump Administration um
they agree with this because it's
upgrading what we have and we didn't
have have any place to take this old
stuff anyway so everybody
wins now that would be the adult way to
do this transition when you get within a
few
days of of the of the turnover you can't
just be doing stuff you know the new
Administration
hates that's that's wrong on that's it's
wrong on a level that is
insulting you know it's not a legal
problem but it's just so disrespectful
anyway Joe Biden continues to have
terrible luck in addition to terrible
skill that Jimmy Carter died before
Trump took
office which required Biden to do his
public thing which required us to
compare him to Carter which required us
to imagine that wow Carter was bad but
this guy's even
worse but even more and some of the
things that we we feel like makes Carter
and Biden the same is some would say
that neither of them were sufficiently
pro-israel some would say the opposite
um but what it did is it turned Carter
and Biden into one
entity like in my mind I actually am
having a little confusion that I have to
SAR down all the time about which one
was which because they were both going
to be
one- term Democrat not friendly to
Israel enough say some people uh both
replaced by a populist one by Reagan one
by Trump which in addition in addition
makes you think that Trump is more
Reagan like because just by pattern
recognition he's replacing a one-term
Democrat so that helps Trump because now
he's being compared to Reagan which is
good for him and Carter's being uh ass
with Biden and if Carter had just stayed
around for one more month he would have
passed during the Trump Administration
and would look completely
different but now I think we've created
one entity in our minds I call it Carter
Biden loser it's just one word no space
Carter Biden loser and we think of them
as the same
person so have you heard about the uh
approval rating of the Carter Biden
loser it was in the
30s did you hear about the carer Biden
loser he uh only served one term and got
destroyed by a
populist did you hear about the Carter
Biden loser he didn't help Israel enough
according to Israel's
supporters
so uh the way I wrote it in a post I
said the demoralized Democrats are
trying to figure out how to recover
their National
brand and the Carter turd just landed on
their
foreheads imagine trying to dig yourself
out from the the biggest political
collapse in certainly my lifetime and
everything's gone
wrong and then on top of it at the end
of the year during the slow news season
they dropped the Carter turd right on
their foreheads and they're like oh no
now what do I do it couldn't get any
worse
it couldn't get any worse this is the
worst luck because in our minds these
two characters just became ciner Biden
loser they just look like the same
person all right it would be fair to say
they had a tough
year um have you noticed if you're on
social media you've seen some uh lists
of democrat hoaxes you know I've talked
about this lots of times but I created a
list some years ago and then people have
added to it now they're like a list of
50 hoaxes they're genuinely hoaxes
things that the media probably knew were
fake but reported it that way anyway
and uh today Molly Hemingway has another
story with their top 10 hoaxes of the
year now do you think that the Democrats
I don't see all the Democrat
content do you think that they have lots
of
content about all the hope FKS is that
the Republicans played on the
public I don't think so because I'm not
aware of any hoaxes that the Republicans
played on on the uh Democrats are you
there there are certainly things they
didn't
like there are things that uh
Republicans got wrong there are things
where they factually were wrong or maybe
they believe believe some fake news or
something so that of course as you
Universal but is there any example where
where we know that the Republicans knew
they were lying and were playing it like
a hoax like just see if they fool people
into believing it I can't think of any
example can
you it it is totally Only One Direction
but it's you you can see how Stark this
is because on the right leaning social
media people are putting together their
top 10 hoaxes is just of the year just
of this year top 10 means there were
more than 10 and they were big enough
that they're worth mentioning at the end
of the year more than 10 it was hard to
narrow it down in fact Glenn gedal said
that it was hard how do you narrow down
to
10 at what point do Democrats notice
that only one side can reliably create
dozens lists of the the top 10 or top 20
or top 50 we can easily make a list of
the top 50 hoaxes if you look at the
whole Trump Administration uh from
beginning to end uh but you could easily
get 10 for just just this year
easily
amazing
um John Brennan was on MSNBC and uh he
was actually complimenting the Trump
transition team for being more Prof
professional um which comes as a
surprise because Brenan would be
typically you know the biggest one of
the biggest uh insulters of all things
Trump but he has some good words for the
transition team and he named in
particular Marco
Rubio uh
oh is this an OP to make Republicans
hate Marco Rubio or is Brennan telling
us listen to what ELC said about Trump
so he didn't have good words for Trump
um he said about Trump we could see in
particular that he did not understand
the importance of the United States's
relationship with our foreign allies and
partners he has little recognition for
the transatlantic relationship for
NATO
now that's um true
but aren't we thinking past the
sale so it is true that Trump didn't
have the same you know worshiping
feeling of our trans Atlantic
relationships but where's the part where
he was
wrong we know it was different we all
agree on that but was he wrong and I
think that Brennan is sort of revealing
that and here's the part that's tough
for me because I want to just take sides
you know that Natural Instinct you you
want to know who's right who's wrong and
then you want to take the side of who is
right as best you can but this is a
tough one for me and the reason is that
the United States is what it is which is
the most powerful Nation controlling
directly or in indirectly
controlling what over 100 countries
probably by now that does keep us
safer probably it does let us grow it
probably has a number of economic
advantages but we can't say that out
loud so here's what Brennan can't say
out
loud but it's
true um it's better if we act like
oppressive colonizing bastards because
our survival rate will go way up if we
act weak then people will gang up on us
because they see us as weak and if we're
we shrinking let's say reducing our our
impact on the rest of the world that
that's a bad Trend and eventually we'll
become weak and they'll gang up on us
and kill us because that's the history
of the world the history of the world is
if you're weak somebody's going to take
you out every time so all this bad
behavior where we were using our CIA and
our military and our alliances and NATO
to dominate and control and you know
conquer markets and keep Russia week and
all these other things if you look at
any one of those things
individually which is the way we usually
look at it you'd say do we really need
to be supporting Ukraine this much and
you would ask lots of other questions
about any individual thing we do but if
you were to look at it as a
whole America being the biggest baddest
bastard trying to control
everything probably is a formula for
success and I hate saying it because
it's not ethical it's not
moral it just might be real the real
world the the toughest bastard wins
which is one of the reasons I like Trump
because I know that our competitors look
at him and say oh damn he's the toughest
bastard we better you know at least wait
until he's gone before we make a move on
anything I love the uh the rumble
comment Scott has no clue he lost in
Kami
delusion he has no clue did I not just
say everything that you agree with that
if we're
weak that our adversaries will take
advantage of it you don't disagree with
that trolly
troll all
right but the fact that John Brennan
likes Rubio and uh I don't I don't know
a ton about Rubio but before he was
nominated for anything I would hear
rumbling say he was a little bit too
much
about funding our foreign adventures and
if John Brennan says he's okay with
Rubio that certainly suggests that Rubio
has a foreign
policy understanding that's not too far
not too far from John
Brennan's
right so again I'm uncomfortable with it
at the same time I think
I don't know it might be best it might
be best that we're just the biggest
bastards and we fund things all over the
world and we put our foot in everybody's
business and we overthrow their
governments because if we didn't there'd
be a whole bunch of countries aligned
against us so I don't know it's a tough
one but I but I think I think we
understand it now more that there is a
whole school of thought that says
controlling the world is kind of
necessary because the alternative is
worse I get it I don't know if I like it
it it will never pass as moral or
ethical in you know according to the
standard way we look at things but you
could say selfishness is also
ethical uh in some
cases um I saw a comment by a user on X
named gums GR mmz talking about Dei and
said uh grum said that when Dei
ends and I hope that it does I assume it
will everyone will
forget uh people still claim it never
really happened uh talking he talking
about how uh the pandemic people act
like it never really happened oh I'm
sorry so he's saying that like some of
the stuff from the
pandemic when the pandemic was over
people had a lot of false memories about
what they did or did not do
and that's normal and when Dei is done
there're going to be a lot of people who
have false memories about how much they
contributed to it because certainly
history will have a very bad opinion of
Dei I feel completely confident the
history will judge it
harshly
um
so yeah so so basically it's going to
we're going to forget that the Dem rats
were prison wardens and they will forget
as well but you know that Costco um
their board directors has decided that
they're going to double down on uh Dei
so they're not abandoning it they're
going to stay with it a lot of people
asked Robbie Starbuck because he's an
activist who has gotten a number of comp
companies to back off of Dei so they've
asked him why he hasn't gone after
Costco and um his answer fascinated me
because he says that they they he must
be working with some other people um
they have a plan for what order to
approach individual companies so that
you can make sure that you don't fail
you know I'm I'm guessing so this part
is my speculation that the reason he
wants to do it in a certain order is so
that he doesn't lose any because he has
a 100% record that if he comes in the
the says all right we don't want this
fight yeah we'll we'll back off so that
really suggests a level of sophisticated
planning that makes me very happy and if
Robbie Starbuck has looked at the Costco
thing and thought to himself and again I
would just be speculating if he thought
I don't think I can win this one because
it's so freshly confirmed but I can win
the one I'm working on and if I win a
couple of those Costco is going to have
something to worry about so we we'll get
that one later that does make sense
seems wise and uh certainly gave me
confidence in his approach that there's
a there's a larger picture it's not just
opportunistic so he's not just reading
the news and saying oh these guys are in
the news I'll go after them he's looking
for more of a lever and that's
smart
um again there's there's a compilation
clip out by the clip keeper CL YP clip
keeper and it's a clip of all the people
in the media um predicting that Trump
wouldn't show up for the Biden
debate because Trump would be so afraid
of losing to Biden that he wouldn't even
show up for the debate and I'd forgotten
how many people that you thought were
credible news people predicted that he
wouldn't show up
what now here's what I
wonder
again can Democrats pull together a
compilation clip of nothing but um
Republicans saying something that's just
badshit
crazy because maybe I don't see them
maybe they do have those confirmation
Clips but if they
don't then it fits into that why why can
the Republicans always make a top 10
hoax list and Democrats can't why why is
it that Republicans can easily put
together a compilation clip of people
saying the craziest stuff and I'm not
sure the Democrats
can so I mean the these little messages
and
patterns um are just going to keep
getting stronger I I just don't know how
Democrats ever
recover
um so
NDTV is reporting on uh Ai and what they
call the rise of intention economy and
that would be using AI tools to
manipulate you into making decisions so
the way AI words things the things that
he chooses to say or not say would be
persuasion so the the worry here is that
uh AI will have persuasion and it will
anticipate what people will want and it
will steer them toward different
decisions now why would you worry about
this cuz people have free will they're
not going to be manipulated by machines
CU If This Were possible then there'd be
no free
will right no I'm just joking because I
know you wanted to get into that
conversation but that's not what we're
talking about
um I I don't know I don't know what the
potential is for the current versions of
AI because the current versions are
pattern recognizers
and I don't know if they would know
where to find the right patterns to be
good persuaders and I also don't know if
they can read the
room so at the at the
moment um AI doesn't do a good job of
knowing what people are feeling and
thinking at this exact moment sort of
the Zeitgeist it's called you know the
thing that we're all feeling even if
nobody said it usually we do say it but
it it's some kind of common feeling that
we all get the same
time I don't know that AI can do that
yet maybe it can someday but if it if it
doesn't know how people are feeling at
the moment and it also can't test what
it's doing against
itself so this is the big skill of uh
persuasion so before I say something
that I hope to persuade somebody I roll
it around in my head and then I feel
whether it would persuade me so pers
equation is what you feel it's not your
rational Common Sense stuff it's what
you feel so I can preest everything I
say by running it through my mind and
saying H how would that make me feel
well probably would make other people
feel the same because we're not that
different
so AI will always be limited by not
knowing how people feel and especially
not knowing how they feel right at this
moment because that's when it matters
so for a short time people like me will
be able to out persuade
AI people like Trump will be able to
outp persuade AI but we're going to lose
our advantage soon
enough I don't know if it's in five
years or one year or what but those who
who know how to
persuade um we're still ahead and still
ahead by a pretty good margin but that's
going to change and I don't know what
kind of world that looks
like anyway
um and then I saw a uh post by ex-user
Rick henkins who was commenting on this
and uh he said study persuasion and uh
hypnosis and he points out that
unfortunately certain personality types
will have no defense against the AI
trying to manipulate you and I had to
comment on that because I have a little
bit more experience in that domain and
tell them that he needs to he said study
persuasion and hypnosis and I told him
to study harder because nobody has a
defense if he knew a little bit looks
like he knows he knows a bit about
persuasion and hypnosis if he knew a
little more he would know that there's
no human
defense everybody's persuadable what's
different is what you used to persuade
them a human can figure that out if
they're experienced so a human like me
could figure out what do I need to
persuade this person it's still you know
you still use the same tool box but the
tool that you pick out of the box will
be based on that person and how much you
hit that tool will be based on that
person so AI can't do that
yet um but it will so no there nobody
has any defense your your your strong
mind your free will
your greater knowledge of things your
understanding of propaganda you think
they would help you they won't it's one
of the most important lessons of
hypnosis everybody can be
hypnotized you you've probably heard of
or you might be the person who says uh
try hypnotizing me I can't be hypnotized
I hear this so much people say I can't
be
hypnotized and I could hypnotize them
with three words and they wouldn't know
it so you don't know if you're
hypnotizable you are you just not you
just might be resistant to sitting in a
chair and having somebody tell you how
you feel now that might be true but as
soon as you get out of that chair you
you get to go over to acts and you're
going to look at some messages and if
you're following me you're going to see
something that persuades you just like
hypnosis except you're not going to know
it was hypnosis you're just going to
feel oh oh that looks real I'm
persuaded so no there's nobody who is
immune to persuasion and propaganda it's
just not a
thing um luk rosak at the daily wire
seems to have a great story um about the
Soros Network and I did not know this I
knew it was bad that Soros was funding
these liberal
Das but I kind of assumed that they were
just picking people who are liberal and
maybe give them you know giving them a
little priming and stuff of what they'd
like but then they just made sure they
got elected and then figured out well
these liberals will know what to do we
don't have to tell them but it turns out
that what comes with this helping you
fund your campaign if you're one of the
people he's funding is they they present
this massive it looks like kind of
massive uh network of
help so that you've got expert
advice uh Soros tells you what he wants
you to do and how to do it tells you how
to interpret the
law yes Soros the
organization is telling the people that
they funded to be
Das how to interpret the
law and it's in
writing it I'm not imagining it so
apparently the media Research Center
obtained nearly 8,000 pages of internal
documents through public records the
show the Soros funded group called fair
and just prosecutions quote directed
Soros prosecutors to manipulate the rule
of law concerning illegal immigration
drugs abortion and election Integrity
capital punishment and laws against
childhood sex
changes so if you're a Soros prosecutor
according to this daily wire report by
Luke Luke
rosc um you get all this free access to
expert political Consulting you get
polling for free field tested messaging
strategies so
basically if Soros funds you and then
gives you all these support
resources are you going to ignore what
he wants for your next campaign or are
you going to say whoa this worked I'll I
have to do is follow what this Soros guy
wants and I'll win my
reelection it does look like the Soros
organization was running America from
the bottom up because they they found
that the dollar you know the bang for
the dollar was better if you don't fund
the president that's really expensive
and you don't get much out of it but you
but if you fund these District Attorneys
and um prosecutors and whatnot you get a
lot of bang for the buck because you can
control them and and therefore they
control the law and the law controls the
rest of us so that's not ideal that's a
hell of a that's a hell of a good story
I can't believe we got this far without
hearing that how extensive that Soros
control was of the
country meanwhile all right here's your
test for the day I want you to see it if
you think this is true news or pure
propaganda okay news or propaganda so in
the
comments after I tell it to you just say
is it news or
propaganda so according to Business
Insider so that's your first step
Business Insider all right uh Germany
calls for new sanctions on Russia's dark
Fleet that is quote damaging major
underseas cables nearly every month so
the claim is that
uh so according to Germany's foreign
minister uh that they want sanctions on
Russia's dark Fleet now the dark Fleet
is not military ships it's ships that
they use to get around embargos so these
are older ships and sketchy ships and
they're used to deliver things to places
that were trying to stop them from
delivering things so it's a dark Fleet
because it's sort of you know behind the
scenes um and what the claim is is that
this dark Fleet that would be otherwise
delivering you know energy and goods and
services I don't I don't know what's on
mostly energy I think um mostly
oil that these ships are routinely
dragging their anchors intentionally to
damage underseas cables in the Baltic
Sea almost every
month so they say quote crws crews are
leaving anchors in the water dragging
them for kilometers along the seafloor
for no apparent reason and then losing
them when pulling them
up and they say it's more difficult to
still believe in
coincidences
now do you believe that do you believe
that Russia is somewhat randomly
destroying underseas cables in the
Baltic with their ships dragging
anchors does that sound real to
you or does that sound a little too on
the
nose I don't
know I don't know I I'm going to go
with um there's a mystery here for
sure but if Russia wanted to cut the
underseas cables of anybody is this the
way they do it would they order their
their leaky old crappy vessels to drag
the anchor I'll give give you a
second second
possibility since these the so-called
dark Fleet would not be the upstanding
professional Sailors of the world if
you're an upstanding professional
lifetime sailor you probably want to be
on a boat that's not going to be
captured by NATO and you probably don't
want to be involved in illegal
trade so could it be that the the crew
capability
of these ships since they're the old
broken down ships that good people don't
want to work on and they're operating
illegally so it's a risky is risky not
only because the the ship itself is
unstable but because it's
illegal do you think that gets them the
best and the brightest of a crew or does
it seem more likely that it's somewhat
common for them to forget to pull up the
anchor because they're just crewed by
idiots because the only people they can
get to do the work are idiots because
because the other ones just don't want
to do that
work I don't
know to me this is a sort of a coin flip
because on one hand you could sort of
kind of see maybe how they'd want to
take out some undersea
cables but it doesn't
seem terribly important to their war
effort it's sort of indirect and is this
the way they do it by having these old
ships drag
anchors so I wonder is this just another
way to call attention to we need to do
something about these dark fleets is
this an OP to give us one more reason to
work against
Russia I don't know that I'm going to
put a pin in this one and say it could
be true it's within the realm of Poss
ility but it doesn't feel right it feels
like it's just another reason to make us
support funding war against Russia
doesn't feel
right
anyway
um and that ladies and gentlemen brings
us to the conclusion of the prepared
remarks I'm going to talk to the locals
people privately in a moment but I
wanted to say my own personal gigantic
thank you for all of you who make this
morning time
special um if it's not obvious I get a
lot out of this meaning that I can't
wait to wake up in the morning I can't
wait to do this I can't wait to do
exactly what I'm doing right now I feel
completely privileged and honored that
anybody would even come watch it twice
and I could not be
happier with all that you have added now
you heard me saying
earlier that I think the debunking of
the fine people hoax led to the right
people entering the contest which helped
Trump which got him elected which might
save the world do you think I could have
done any of that if you all ignored
me no no it is the the collective power
of the people who are willing to listen
to the things I say that fuels me so you
are literally the energy that makes me
want to send that post debunk the fine
people hoax one more time get involved
make things better so all of that energy
comes directly from from you uh both on
X and and on here and you should take a
you should take a Victory lap because in
my
opinion your support of
me was very very important to taking out
the tent pole hoax which got all the
right people into the fight which
allowed us allowed Trump to win which
allowed Doge to be a
thing which could fix most of our
problems so the the
enormity of the success that all of you
should be enjoying right now is almost
incalculable I mean it's it's just it's
the fate of the country and it's that's
not not an exaggeration it's the fate of
the country
probably was largely supported by the
energy that's happening right now right
in front of you that's pretty awesome
pretty awesome all right I will talk to
you tomorrow of course because I don't
take days off because I'm doing what I
love it'd be crazy so I'll see you
tomorrow everybody else who does this
regularly will be on some kind of a
vacation or day off I don't know the
laser ones but I'll be here I'll be here
for you partly because you're here for
me no not even partly entirely because
you're here I wouldn't do it if you
weren't here so yes you're the reason
I'll be here tomorrow and I thank you
for that so locals I'm coming at you uh
those of you on Rumble and YouTube and X
thank you so much for a fun fun
Year all right locals we'll see you in
30
seconds
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e for