hey everybody
Wow quite a few people here is there
something I said oh what a fun day today
is one of the best days
sounds like employment numbers are up
yeah we'll do the simultaneous set let
the people pour in here for a moment
employment numbers are up chop has been
dismantled ghilane Maxwell has been
apprehended the economy is starting to
scream drone a virus deaths are down
things are opening up Wow
might be good news everywhere but first
before we get to that you know what you
need to do you need to grab yourself a
cup or a mug or a glass of tanker
chelators tie the canteen juggler flask
of a vessel of any kind filter with your
favorite liquid I like coffee and
enjoyed me now for the dopamine hit of
the day the thing that makes everything
better and I think you can see it in the
world already it's already working it's
called the simultaneous epinet happens
now a cow mmm delightful sublime yeah
excellent three to one until Scott tells
us we are wrong there gleamed Maxwell
was arrested well I believe she was
arrested I believe she was so the
simulation has delivered to us once
again entertainment it's nonstop how
much do you want to know what Gallade
Maxwell's gonna tell you when she's cuts
a deal that the most exciting news day
you'll ever have will be this headline
Helene Maxwell
cuts a deal can you imagine I don't know
if she can
I've got a feeling she may not survive
the incarceration process but we'll see
what happens
all right so the chop was dismantled the
Capitol Hill occupied people or whatever
it was and were you surprised that there
was no real violence when they got
cleared out
what do you think of that have I ever
told you about the fake because so
that's the term I put on it and it's
based on the book influenced by Jill
Dini in which he talks about a an
experiment in which you can prove that
people will do things just because you
said because our brains are wired in a
way that when you hear the word actually
just the word because your brain says oh
there's a reason because the word
because is there and you could use the
word because and then add nonsense after
it and people will still at least in
this statistical way will be more likely
to give you what you want just because
you use the word because now I've taken
that and I've extended that to the
concept that you're not using the word
but you're giving somebody a reason that
they wanted a reason to do something now
let me let me game this out for you so
in my opinion the the mayor of Seattle
Jenny gherkin played this brilliantly
that I know most of you are gonna
disagree with this but in my opinion
this could not have been played better
honestly it was one of the most
masterful examples of leadership I've
ever seen
now there's another interpretation which
fits the facts just as well remember you
got two movies going on here
they both fit the facts because the
other the other set of facts would be
she didn't care about any of this until
they started threatening her own
residents at which point she got mad and
then police cleared about but here's how
I see it and I said this from the start
so from day one I was on the side of no
let this play out a little bit let it
play out a little bit because if you do
it right away the energy is too high and
you just cause you know the the
opportunity for more death and more
videos of police beating people up and
resistance and you know god knows what
so if the police had acted aggressively
on day one or two or three you don't
know what would have happened but it all
likelihood because the temperature was
so high in terms of people's attitudes
it was very likely gonna end not well
and spark more protests which themselves
would end well so if you're trying to
quell protests across the country the
last thing you want to do is go hard the
first moment you can you want to let the
temperature come down a little bit and
then you could go through so here's my
hypothesis that by letting the proteic
you pyres in chop experience the life
which they did not intend to be
permanent the people who you know
occupied it they didn't they didn't
start out the month and say hey I think
I'll go live in a tent on the street
somewhere with no shower I think the
longer they stayed there the more they
wanted wait for it a fake because they
needed a reason to leave that they could
say it wasn't our choice you see where
I'm going they all wanted to leave by
the time the police asked them to leave
now I say all obviously nothing applies
to everybody but you know what I mean
that the mood there almost certainly
because the mayor had waited long enough
this is the brilliant part in my opinion
all right now for those of you keeping
score and my net
am I not calling a Democrat mayor
brilliant for a specific piece of
strategy
and persuasion right so for those of you
who were gonna attack me later or blah
blah blah your uh president Trump's ass
you just say good things about him
you're in the tank just listen to me for
a while I think this was brilliant
leadership because she took the
temperature down by agreeing with him
she called that the Summer of Love she
was completely non-threatening and it
took the energy out that had to be done
he had to reduce the energy and she did
it simply by not not creating a counter
force that would cause them to get
worked up again once they had
experienced living there for a while so
however many weeks it was you know they
wanted to leave you know again not every
single person but you know they did not
want to live there for the rest of their
lives what they needed they really
needed was for their mayor to give them
a fake because a reason to leave that
didn't look like they had made their own
decision and she did so the police came
through there are very little video of
it the video we got was not from the
major news outlets I think it looks like
the media kept a lid on this story or
they couldn't report it I don't know
it's one of those but I don't in terms
of reporting were there any casualties
I think they cleared the entire chop
correct me if I'm wrong because the
reporting is pretty sketchy
so whoever said wrong the Scott and all
caps you might be new here cuz what
happens when you say wrong Scott and all
caps well I think the other people can
tell you all right so blocked you got
blocked you there's always there's
always space for reasons so you can give
them so that's my take
now the other take which fits the facts
just as well so let me let me give
attention to the alternative movie
which one of these fits the facts the
best the other one is that she's an
incompetent Democrat mayor who who
botched it from the beginning because if
she'd been tougher in the beginning they
wouldn't have taken over the chop in the
first place and that the only reason
that she got tough in the end and had
them cleared out is that she only cared
about herself because they threatened
her own home and then it became serious
to her now does that fit all the facts
it does it does doesn't it it hits them
completely just it fits them as well as
my description did so if you're going to
pick which of those is the real one
here's how you would do it you would say
to yourself let's make a prediction from
both of these two movies my movie says
this mayor is a smart operator which
would predict you will see future
smarter things coming from her right now
if the other movie is correct and she's
just thoroughly incompetent and and
selfish or something then you would
expect that she would not do clever
things in the future so let's watch if
I'm wrong I would completely be open to
that because I'm just saying that this
view of the world fits you know the
movie Fitz doesn't mean it's right we'll
see which one predicts that's how you
know all right so yesterday I was
telling you that trumps let's say
silence about masks was disqualified
meaning that you can't really support a
president who was not pushing masks or
promoting the use of masks during a
pandemic
it's disqualifying yeah yeah I've been
the biggest I've been the biggest trump
supporter around in terms of his
technique more so than policy but in
terms of him personally in this tactic
I've been one of his biggest supporters
and even I would say if he's not
promoting Fame
masks during the pandemic that's
disqualifying seriously that's pretty
disqualifying but yesterday you did now
you you could say to yourself I didn't
he didn't come down straw he just sort
of said they're a good idea he'd wear it
in certain circumstances etc but the
news is reporting it that the president
is Pro mask now I don't think he was
ever anti mask but it was coming off
that way
so so he's sort of luke warm tepid mask
or a good thing I suppose that's a good
place to be I got a message from
Vladimir's yesterday not directly in
which the message was that Russia wants
to be an ally with the United States to
team up against China do you believe
that do you believe that Putin sent me a
message that Russia wants to be friends
with the United States against China
well if you were a subscriber to the
locals platform you'd know what I'm
talking about the rest of you should
just assume it didn't happen so I don't
know if you heard I made a little news
yesterday quite a bit of news with the
aoc play now those of you who were with
me from the beginning of this this play
got to watch it unfold now here's some
background I you remember when a OC said
we have 12 years left before climate
change kills us she never really said
that but it was interpreted that way
what she said was if you don't get
really serious in the next 12 years
you know you the future doesn't look so
good but it got turned into simplified -
you're all dead in 12 years now
AOC as I've said from the beginning
knows persuasion and it was really
really good personal
because it made you focus on it and it
made you you know look at her first
offer the first offer was so extreme so
whatever comes after that doesn't seem
so big anymore
which was perfect right so if you if so
she said she could be dead in 12 years
she never really said that she never
said that but that's how its interpreted
so she allowed that interpretation in a
sense allowed it by not pushing back as
hard as she could and and that just
brings attention to her topic what do I
teach you about persuasion 50% of
persuasion is getting people's attention
because you can't persuade if they're
not paying attention that's that's basic
if you don't get people's attention
you're not persuading so she does that
better than just about anybody in the
world and she got your attention
on climate change and then then you're
already primed for her persuasion so it
worked really well now the thing that
works about that is that the claim
sounds ridiculous and believable at the
same time now let me explain that so to
say that you know we have 12 years to
get this right or we're all going to die
is both ridiculous like just on his
surface you say well that doesn't sound
right but at the same time it's
completely believable that somebody
believes it in other words even if you
don't believe it you you are convinced
that somebody else does believe it
that's the magic sauce if you get that
combination right you're gonna you're
gonna have a viral everything and your
message will be the one that people
focus on so I borrowed that technique
and I told you I was pouring it so those
of you who are watching this develop you
know that I told you I was doing this
right so this nutter this is an accident
and what I told you is that and I told
you I think soon after I'd done it that
I'd tweeted that if Biden is elected
there's a good chance she'll be dead in
a year do you see that you see that's
zzz play the 12 years you'll be dead now
when you hear that hear me say this
there's a good chance she'll be dead in
a year if Biden is elected what are the
two things you think if you're let's say
you're a Democrat the first thing you
think is that's ridiculous right just
like you said we'll be dead in 12 years
from climate change that's ridiculous
so that's the first part now what's the
second part this somebody believes it's
true so when they read this do they
think that Republicans or even then I
believe it's true yeah yeah they acted
like they acted exactly like that
so they fell into the aoc trap and I
guess I was trending on Twitter for a
while and yeah I was the subject of many
articles yesterday he had pieces of
course I didn't read any of them I just
looked at the titles I always think it's
funnier if somebody writes a hit piece
about me and I don't read it for some
reason that's funnier I'm the only one
who gets the joke it's like oh you wrote
a hit piece about me
and I didn't read it because I'm
actually not interested it's actually
easy to do if I were interested it would
be hard to not read it but I'm actually
not interested I'm at literally just I
look at the articles and I think I got
better things to do
then reason it my favorite role
yesterday it was he he tweeted something
that he thought was an insult and I just
retweeted it because it was such a weak
attack that I just uh I think I'll
amplify it and I'll tell you there's
nothing more humiliating than thinking
you're attacking a public figure and
they just retweet it without a comment
no comment at all just retweet it that's
as hard as you can fail in your
criticism
if the target of your criticism says I
think I'll retweet this so I did that
yesterday to the entertainment of some
of my followers who noticed all right
so here's the argument that backs up now
now going to go full AOC for you so hey
OC once she has your attention we'll
give you her argument about climate
change so now that I have people's
attention about this you might get
hunted down if you're a Republican I
will give you my argument because now I
have your attention now not you because
most of you are kind of Trump supporters
but in fact but what I'm trying to do is
attract attention from the people who
are not by natural audience and
controversy does that really well but
it's not a controversy that's not
grounded in fact and by fact I mean
statistical likelihood that is to say
nobody can predict the future no matter
how well you watch me do it it doesn't
mean I'm gonna do it right the next time
right predicting the future I would say
I have the best track record of any
public figure it's hard to compare but
at the moment probably right up there in
the top 10 percent at least of people
who are predicting what's going to
happen I get my share wrong but as does
everybody but nobody can really predict
the future you could only say well my
best guess is that the odds of this
happening there's a little more than the
odds of this or that happening so that
is the context in which I said there's a
good chance that if Biden gets elected
you'll be dead in a year now who is you
you of course
I was speaking on Twitter so it was
Trump supporters because that's 95
percent of my audience on Twitter so is
it true that there's a chance and I said
a good chance that you would be hunted
if you're a trump supporter and Biden
gets into office let me support let me
support that assertion
I remember the assertion is not that it
will happen the assertion is that
there's a good chance it will happen now
you're smart enough to know the
distinction between there's a chance of
something happened and a good
something happened versus I predict it
will happen that's very different okay
so there are multiple things that could
happen one of them which you must guard
against looks like this
Biden becomes president and Democrats
now being sort of in power let's say
Congress is all Democrat - first of all
is that possible well according to the
polls that's what's going to happen so
so far that looks like a reasonable
future right a good chance that Biden
will be elected just based on the polls
now if he's elected is he gonna go hard
against police I'm sorry is he gonna go
hard against protesters once he gets
elected it's possible it's possible Joe
Biden could actually be the one who goes
hard against protesters because maybe it
may be a Democrat can you know without
causing all the racism problems or maybe
Kamala Harris can if she's the real
power behind the presidency at the time
so that's the other possibility Melissa
just came out the different
possibilities one possibility is that
Biden is president and they just sort of
don't support the police against the
protesters the protesters would continue
to do what they do because it's working
nobody nobody stops doing things that
work so if the protesters say hey we're
gaining ground and nobody's stopping us
they're gonna keep going so what does
that look like well I interviewed
yesterday a young woman who lost her job
because her co-workers found an old
tweet from 2010 that said she liked a
Donald Trump 2010 as before he was even
running for president and there were
some other little clues they thought
they found to suggest that she was a
trump supporter which was certainly not
any overt the things she was doing and
and lost her job over it how common is
that well let me ask you can you put on
a Maggie hat and walk through an urban
area without being assaulted not really
if you put on a any kind of a
or trump sticker or anything that
suggested you were a trump supporter and
went into a crowded area wouldn't you
expect to be assaulted you would expect
that right I'm almost guaranteed so if
you have a world where people are
already losing their jobs for being
Trump supporters cannot in a public
space have any indication on them that
their Trump supporters without being
assaulted it's very like very much like
being Jewish in in Hitler's Germany
isn't it if you were G I don't know what
that was like but if you were if you
were Jewish and Hitler's Germany you
probably didn't want to go outside
wearing clothes that broadcast that you
were Jewish and I'm sure some people did
but you probably would prefer people
didn't notice you know if that was
possible because you might give some
abuse so it's somewhat like that to be a
Republican now if you're a Democrat do
you see that that's the sort of
invisible to you wouldn't you say I
would say Democrats are completely
unaware that's been my observation that
the rank-and-file ordinary Democrats are
completely unaware of how much pressure
is being put on Trump supporters
economically employment wise socially
and and risk of violence risk of assault
so is it a big is it or is it a really
big leap to say that if the protests
continue the way they're going that
there would be hunting down Republicans
again I didn't say that will happen it's
not a prediction I said there's a good
chance it's one of the it's one of them
maybe three paths that are about equal
possibility right now now one of my
critics tweeted that you know I don't
understand what black lives matter basic
wants basically they just want better
policing and you know less
discrimination and doesn't everybody
want that to which I said I don't think
you're listening to the interviews and
the speeches given by the black lives
matter leader
because here's what the message has
morphed into first of all you've heard
Hawk Newsome on CNN I think CNN might
have been in Fox News but I think he's
been on a few things so he's a leader of
black lives matter in New York and he
said directly that violence is still on
the table now and what he said was we
need this revolution could be violent it
could be nonviolent and he wasn't he
wasn't picking a favorite basically you
know the implication is that if they
don't get what they want with
non-violence then violence's is
warranted because the problem is big
enough and violence is always the way
the society changes that's essentially a
hawk's argument if I've captured it
right so he does now say I prefer
violence but he also doesn't say I
didn't hear him say he preferred
non-violence sort of silent on the
preference he's just saying that they
have an end goal whatever that looks
like and that they are somewhat agnostic
about whether violence is part of it if
it has to be has to be and and I think
Hawk is correct when he says
historically people don't be hypocrites
because basically the whole country was
founded on violence everything you have
came from violence so don't be so
surprised if there's more of it in the
future that's actually a perfectly valid
statement so let's take black lives
matter leader Hawk Newsom at his word
the violence is on the table if they
don't get what they want for
non-violence now I would say that would
be true of every army wouldn't you say
and every terrorist every terrorist I
think would agree with whoa ha gruesome
scent the violence is on the table but
if we can get everything we want without
non-violence Oh we'll do that yeah why
wouldn't we of course so al-qaeda and
black lives matter basically have the
same philosophy about violence which is
if I don't need it
you know if I don't need it what's the
point but if I do need it it's on the
table same as a terrorist so and then
here's the other change so it seems like
a month ago white supremacy meant one
thing but it's it's sort of morphed or
it could be that I'm just learning how
other people see the word I don't know
which one it is but here's the change
that might just be in my understanding
that I've seen in the last several weeks
it used to be that white supremacists
were people who believed they were
superior or out of because their DNA or
whatever I've argued that I've never met
one I just don't know anybody who thinks
that and that it must be some trivial
part of the country if I've never met
one so I've never even seen one really I
mean I've never even seen one on
television and I've talked about I say
never I mean let's say last five years
I've never seen one who who met the
definition in my opinion of thinking
that because they were white they were
superior to other races that's how I
used to define white supremacy as which
is different from being a racist and
different from being a white nationalist
a special kind of racist they don't they
don't require the supremacy part if
you're just a regular basis you have a
preference but it's not because you
think you're superior okay so that's a
distinction and I thought that mattered
but it turns out I was listening to
speech I think it was in LA one of the
black lives matter leaders was talking
to the audience with a microphone and
the way blah the way white supremacy
seems to be used at the moment is simply
a description of a system that supports
white people better than other people
and that if the current system all the
systems in the United States from
judicial system to economic system to
you name it that all of them support
white people staying
the dominant economic power mostly
economic but political - in the country
or a more economic I think because
politically we did we did have eight
years of the black president so that's
pretty good politically so so here's
your situation it looks like white
supremacy the the definition of it has
changed from a small group of white
people who think they're superior to
everybody else which is basically a
vanishing breed I've never seen one in
five years it that's changed to white
supremacy means if you're white and
you're in a system that keeps you in a
good place
visa vie compared to other people you're
you're a white supremacist so you would
be a white supremacist simply by being
white and being part of a system that's
good for you
so I'm white and I'm part of a system
that seems to be good for me capitalism
etc if you are also white and you're
part of the system that other people
think is good for you and I think they'd
be correct in that it does the system
pretty much every system is built to
maintain the status quo so I think
there's something to that so here's the
thing if violence is on the table and
the only thing that you can do to get
rid of white supremacy is to dismantle
the systems and we see that you can't
wear a trump hat with being without
being assaulted and you see that you
can't assume that you will remain
employed if you're a trump supporter
given all those things is it is it it is
it a stretch to say we could get to the
point of violence against just white
people for being white because they're
white supremacists
let me say in the fast way if you label
somebody a white supremacist in 2020 you
you are marking them as a target for
violence does anybody disagree with that
that if you label somebody a white
supremacist in 2020
you are giving a
explicit I would say explicit approval
for violence anybody disagree with that
disapproval so anybody who hasn't
listened to black lives matter rhetoric
both in the interviews and also in the
public speeches I don't think they know
what's coming because what's coming is
not oh thank you for changing those
those regulations about policing that's
not really what they're asking for that
was the spark but it has nothing to do
with police reform if it had anything to
do with police reform the Democrats and
the Republicans would be negotiating on
the bills that have been proposed but
they don't even want to the Democrats
literally don't even want to solve
police reform which looks like you would
be trivially easy to at least have
improvements because the Republicans are
already on board and say hey bring down
the conversation so what you have to
understand is that black lives matter
wants to dismantle white supremacy which
they consider the entire system and if
you happen to be one of the people who
doesn't want that to happen and you've
been labeled a white supremacist and
violence is on the table explicitly on
the table it is explicitly on the table
is it is that a stretch to say that one
of the three paths is that Trump
supporters will be hunted it's not it's
not even a prediction because it's
already happening Trump supporters are
already being hunted you don't believe
me what why don't you wear a wear a mask
that makes you look like Jack pasaba k--
who may be watching this right now
hijack and wear a mask that makes you
look like somebody who's associated with
you know the right and conservatism and
go to or go to a rally just just walk
into a rally just being yourself but
being a recognizable supporter of the
president that's all you don't have to
cause trouble you don't have to get into
anybody's face simply exist
and the same physical location as the
black lives matter protester will you be
assaulted yeah 100% now would you say
that's not hunting Republicans I'm not
making a prediction it's not a
 prediction it's happening right
now if you don't understand that the
Republicans are already being hunted
you're not really current you may be
locked in a Democrat silo in which
you're only seeing your own news but
good luck just just try putting on your
jacket osowiec disguise you know in
other words looking like him and walking
into a black lives matter or rally and
you can even you could even hold a sign
that says black lives matter
you can even chant with them they will
still beat your ass or try to or
threaten you or assault you or throw
something on you which would be assault
all right so I've had a lot of fun I've
grown more Twitter followers in the last
24 hours than any other 24 hours so what
I'm watching is a lot of people who are
watching what I'm doing because I think
you understand this audience understands
that this is a performance I'm not doing
individual things I'm doing a group of
things which I'm stream together and if
you don't see that I'm building a thing
then you're missing the best part of the
show so every time I draw in my trolls
and my critics and every time they write
a hit piece about me I grow stronger now
this doesn't work for everybody I don't
recommend it if you just have a vanilla
job and you you want to stay out of
trouble don't do what I do because I'm
looking for trouble because I can
convert the energy into something
productive you can't all right some of
you can maybe but I wouldn't try it
I wouldn't try it the odds of me being
canceled are really high but I like
danger sometimes you know what's
fascinating yes we're watching the
others there's some talk about the Mount
Rushmore because two of the presidents
on Mount Rushmore were slave owners and
a lot of Republicans were joking just a
week ago it's like hahaha next they're
gonna come after Mount Rushmore well
turns out Mount Rushmore is now in the
crosshairs for exactly the reason do you
think now what do you think about that I
was thinking maybe we should put George
Floyd up there instead because you could
you could change one of the faces let's
say George Washington and replace them
with George Floyd anybody like that idea
you could probably you know carve it a
little bit I have to might recess a
little bit because you'd have to you
know change too many things in the face
but you could I think you could make
yourself a proper George Floyd because
as as Candace Owens provocatively points
out she complains that since she is
black she can say things I can say but
Kenda says that black people should have
better role models and I think well that
shouldn't that apply to everybody
shouldn't everybody have better role
models do you want George Washington to
be your role model when he was a slave
owner kind of ambiguous but we we've
been told that George Floyd's you know
whatever else he did in his life then
maybe you don't approve of is not
relevant and so unlike George Washington
where he has to be considered as a whole
which would make him a racist and it
would of course that's just a fact we
don't have to do that with George Floyd
we should we should see him as a
sympathetic character and I thought well
why not take it to the next level why
not take it to the next level put him on
Mount Rushmore what you don't like that
idea
come ah such a good idea don't say
racist things I have to block you for
that sorry she can't be here saying
stuff like that all right
will they make a play for Mount Rushmore
maybe we'll see I thought it was
interesting watching the black lives
matter people say F Eric Garcetti
correct me if I'm wrong but isn't Eric
Garcetti the most accommodating white
man you've ever seen in your life if you
if you haven't been watching so he's the
mayor of Los Angeles and Eric Garcetti
has been absolutely Pro black lives
matter from from the jump he's a
Democrat notice what his base wants he's
been completely on their side and you
know doing the middle ball that I guess
a mayor needs to do but he's
unambiguously on their side so what do
the black lives matter people say about
white Eric Garcetti who was completely
on their side him
they were chanting it they were chanting
 Eric Garcetti he's all in on their
side and they were chanting eff him now
the issue is as I said before he's part
of the whole system in other words you
can't you can't take him and treat him
separately he's part of the system as
well and that the system is white
supremacy so it doesn't matter if he
says all the right things and even if he
does all the right things he's still
part of a system that has to be
dismantled if you're Eric Garcetti do
you say to yourself you know if these
black lives matter
people get everything they want I'm safe
is Eric Garcetti personally safe let's
say career wise let's say economically
maybe even physically if black lives
matter did get everything they want and
remember black lives matter is a group
that
Eric Garcetti very much approves us and
supports so if the group they used to
approve seven supports guess what they
want what would happen to Eric Garcetti
what would happen to Eric Garcetti is
exactly what black lives matter is
telling you he'd be they chanted it
you don't have to guess what they're
thinking if a crowd chants Eric
Garcetti why not listen to him
was it not Maya Angelou who said if
somebody tells you who they are you
should listen to them black lives
matters tell you who they are and
they're saying that this white guy who
is absolutely completely on their side
is gonna get because he's a white
guy and he's part of the white
supremacist system so you got that
Michigan State University they pressured
Stephen su Hsu I don't know if I could
pronounce his name right
I think it's su to resign from his
position as vice president research
because he talked about some research
that came from that University it wasn't
his own so he was referring to in a
tweet I guess some research that his own
University did but not him
it wasn't anything he was involved with
that showed that to do that there wasn't
much difference between police shootings
of black and white Americans
so just referring to research from his
own institution got him pressure to
leave his position s as vice president
of research now now apparently he also
was accused of some tweet about genetic
differences and the context which they
leave out is that that's his field his
field is genetics that's like his field
so he tweeted have something from me
filled that he's gonna lose his job for
it it wasn't he was something he did it
was just something he talked about in
his field all right so I guess you can't
do you talk about this stuff without
getting cancelled let's see what else we
got going on you know the hardest part
about our politicians handling the
protests and the occupied zones is that
nobody and also the coronavirus it's the
same problem is that we don't let
leaders do do math with people's lives
and it's the whole job the job of a
leader is to make hard decisions in
which you know that no matter which way
you go somebody's going to die but it'll
be different people depending on the
path you take and you're only trying to
have the fewest of them die if you can
so leaders are usually choosing among
paths which somebody's going to die you
know even the social stuff not just
international war stuff but even social
stuff if you don't have enough of a
social net people die for example so
with the coronavirus the thing that
Trump can say the thing that Republicans
can say the thing that no politician can
say is this because this is what a
leader would say here's the deal the
economy is just another way of
expressing lives in other words if I say
GDP of 1 percent you could translate
that directly into saved 10,000 lives or
whatever it is because economics and
people living or dying are so connected
that it's almost like just another word
for how many people survive so if you
were a real leader you would say
something like this we'd like to reopen
the state we now infections will
continue to go up but it will be good
for the economy and the reason we're
doing this seems cruel because it's good
for the economy which seems like coal
capitalist thinking but actual real
people will die
your grandmother might die if we make
this decision but I as a leader have
decided that people will also die if the
economy is bad
it's a takes a little longer but even
more people could die if we don't get
our economy going so I've decided that
if 20,000 people have to die because of
coronavirus but the benefit will be
opened into the economy by my hunches
because I can't prove it
my hunch is that I'll save more than
20,000 people but different people by
doing this so yes I'm making a decision
in which 20,000 people are gonna die who
would not have died if we had stayed
closed theoretically because we get to a
vaccine someday maybe but I'm gonna make
a decision 20,000 people might die but I
think we're still gonna come out ahead
because we'll save more than 20,000 by
having a functioning economy now that's
what I that's what leader needs to say
but you would lose your job immediately
upon saying that so we as citizens do a
terrible job of supporting our leaders
because we can't let our leaders say the
truth I can't and I'm being prompted
there's I forget where it was but there
was a statue of an elk elk a and elk
you know big animal there was set on
fire and to face I guess because it was
a statue and I agree with that because I
went to a Elks Club meeting once so they
were all white so I get why they're
getting rid of those ellika statues even
if they're not related to the Elks Club
it just you know symbolism symbolism is
important so the also the story about
the recent a Harvard Graduate a woman
who said she wanted to stab anybody who
said all lives matter Trump supporters
mostly and that caused caused her to
lose her job at Deloitte and she was
back on film
crying about it now I have they lowered
the standards for Harvard because you
wouldn't expect somebody from Harvard
somewhere in that educational process
you think somewhere they would have been
taught don't go on social media and
threatened to kill your political rivals
by stabbing them to death it's just not
really good for your future employment
but I guess that didn't come up now
here's what I think this really tells
you imagine somebody going through
Harvard and then doing this video saying
that she wanted to literally stab Trump
supporters and you know did the motion
stab stab stab and she was actually very
angry and and tell me how could you go
through that whole process and not know
that that would get you in trouble it
has to be that she had been so so in a
bubble of like-minded people that she
literally couldn't imagine that there
was somebody else in the world who was
seeing the video and that they might not
appreciate the enthusiasm with which she
would like to see them killed I mean if
you assume that her IQ was probably very
high because she got into Harvard right
these are not dubbed people Harvard does
not produce dumb people it just doesn't
happen
so the only explanation is says she was
in such a bubble she just didn't even
know the other world existed which is
tragic in her case so I think Harvard
failed her hard and that cost her here's
a story of a racist story of a guy named
Paul McCowan's used an african-american
man who walked into an Ohio Bank
recently clutching they say his first
paycheck why do you have to say
clutching that's racist so this story
itself is racist you know you stop
clutching his first paycheck he has a
paycheck how about that it but but if
he's a black man he's clutching it no I
don't think he was clutching his
paycheck he just had it
what is the bank all right so that's my
rant yeah so he got a new job at an
electric company took in his first
paycheck that was a thousand dollars and
the teller called the police so the
story is racist teller calls the police
a black man who's just tried to cash a
check just tried to cash a check now
what is it they don't tell you in this
story well that's why I'm here because I
used to be a bank teller I have refused
to cash the checks for white people
allow me to tell you the following story
very much like this but without the
calling the police part when I was a
bank teller man walked into the into my
my branch put a check on the counter and
I think it was like $5,000 or something
and which was a lot of money back in
that day in those days and I asked him
if he had an account at my bank and he
said he did not then I asked them that I
asked him you know he wanted the the
check II walked to cash was too big for
my level of approval as a teller because
he didn't have an account but the the
check he was cashing did have an account
so that's why you go to that bank does
that that's the the bank where the money
is coming from and sometimes you can
cash it there so I said I can't cash
this cheque for you but I'll gather I'll
get a manager to see if they can so I
get a manager and he waits patiently and
I wait on other customers while he's
waiting for the manager and he's just
waiting waiting just perfectly nice guy
just waiting and the manager comes over
and she approves that I pay him his
money and afterwards my manager comes
over and she says um do you know whose
check you just refused to cash then I go
not really I mean I looked at his name
because that was part of the process but
you don't really register names when
you're a teller they're just you know
it's just the information flying by and
she goes you just refused to cash a
check for a bill Packard
the founder of hewlett-packard one of
the richest men in the country
you just refused to cash his check you
know I didn't trust him I didn't trust
him I did not trust a billionaire white
guy because he didn't bank in my bank
I'm sorry
now keep that in mind now here's the
story of a guy who also did not bank at
the bank same as same as the billionaire
I turned down so if he was turned down
or or somebody went to the manager you'd
say that's just part of the process
right that's not racist but whereas I
did not call 911
this teller did call and said quote I
have a customer here he's not our
customer check actually she says and
he's trying to cash a check and the
check is fraudulent it does not match
our records what's that mean now if
you've been a bank teller let me tell
you what it means the check was written
on an account from that Bank the bank
teller has access to the records of that
account so the teller looked at the
check looked at the number on the cheque
looked at the amount on the check and
then presumably I don't check the
numbers on her list maybe it was out of
order or maybe there was something
irregular there was something with that
the teller checked that tipped her off
that the check was fraudulent was it for
example a hundred dollar check that had
a zero Abbot that probably can't happen
was there something about it that didn't
look right there was just a mistake
because if it was just a mistake like
there was something hinky about the
check but it was otherwise fine
was she allowed to call 911 and announce
a crime maybe that might have actually
been that might have been that might
have been the actual process so when you
hear this story the part that's left out
is why did the caller
why did the bank teller call 911 you
don't call the bank teller the bank
teller does not call the police
unless it's obviously a crime you don't
call the police because black people
cash checks this story is racist
because it's not true
it's just not true that meaning that the
context is left out of why the teller
thought there was a crime it doesn't
have anything to do with black it was a
check either this check looks like it it
works you know in other words it's
compatible with the Wreckers and what
you know or it doesn't had nothing to do
with the race of the person there
nothing and any bank teller will agree
with me I ask anybody who's done the job
of a bank teller do you think that's a
racist story or there was just something
wrong with the check a hundred percent
of the tellers will say well if there
was something wrong with the check which
we still need to find out by the way if
there was something wrong with the check
that's kind of the end of the story
because do you know what happens to a
bank teller if they cash a bad check let
me ask you do you know what happens to a
bank teller oh I just took my ring off
for typing somebody's asking me about my
ring yeah it's still getting married
don't worry but it's hard to it's hard
to type sometimes with a ring do you
have that problem this this finger
doesn't feel like it's flying free
sometimes when I'm typing but I'll get
used to anything anyway so that's a fake
racist story you can ask any bank teller
to find out all right
now I think I've done everything I
wanted to do here let me just see if
there's anything else talked about I
don't think so
all right I think we hit all the high
points is there anything I missed
the ghilane Maxwell story will be just
so tantalizing but we're
I couldn't know anything for a long time
I'll bet need bored practice yeah I'll
get used to it I think I just have to
get used to it but I was actually
hitting the wrong keys
I actually hit the wrong keys because
it's sort of a think ring finish your
thought I think I finished it
all right hard to rock climb with a ring
all right
that's all I got for today and I will
see you tomorrow