[Music]
bum-bum-bum-bum-bum
all right I'm back and this is gonna be
short it's single single topic because
it's bugging me as I read this in the
news so I'm watching Trump supporters or
at least Republicans let's say and
people on the Left they're saying the
same ridiculous thing over and over
again and they're saying a version of
this and the version is it appears and
this is the important part or it seems
or is suggests or a hints as soon as you
see that you should know that whatever
it comes after it is going to be BS but
the common story on the entire left and
much of the right is that the president
seemed to believe putin over his own
intelligence agencies nothing like that
happened at least not in my movie here's
what did happen there was the press
conference where President Trump asked
the question said that Putin was very
strong in his denial now does that sound
like he believed him when you say
someone is very strong in their denial
you're kind of saying you don't believe
it all right
that's what that means it means in this
time and place I'm not gonna call him a
liar but I'm going to call him a liar
I'm just gonna do it the diplomatic way
I talked to Putin and he made a very
strong denial very strong so I'm
allowing him to you know keep face but
I'm clearly calling him a liar do you
know what you say when you believe
somebody you say he said he didn't do it
and I believed him how many times have
you heard presidents say Putin says he
didn't do it
that's not believing him that's exactly
what you say when you don't believe
somebody he said he didn't do it
all right if you don't believe it you
say you don't believe it do you think
that the president is shy about saying
whether he believes or doesn't believe
something have you ever seen the
situation where this president president
Trump was shy or hesitant to say what he
believed no if he believed Putin he'd
frickin tell you you wouldn't like it
but Italia he didn't tell you that has
he said directly
I believe my Intel agencies when they
say the Russia was meddling etc yes he
said that a number of times he has said
a number of times he believes it what
does the press do the enemy press the
enemy press conf lates that with
therefore Putin got you elected that
part our president resists quite
strongly now there are two possibilities
one Russian involvement did get him
elected in other words there was enough
of a difference that then it put him
over the top the other possibility is
that it didn't so two possibilities
Russian interference did help President
Trump or it did not because it just
wasn't a good level of interference no
didn't make enough difference in both
cases what is the proper smart
intelligent way for the president to
respond only one smart way all right
we're gonna get rid of this
only one the smart way to respond you
should say Russia did not have any
involvement and that my presidency is
legitimate do you know why because what
you want you being the public is for the
president's presidency to be seen as
legitimate there would be nothing more
damaging for the President of the United
States to say nothing would be more
damaging than to say you know you got a
point there I've been listening to my
intelligence people and I don't think I
did win that election
come on that would be the worst thing
anybody could say but because he can't
say that you know people are saying Oh
was it his ego is it because Putin owns
them keep in mind there's only one thing
you can say if there's only one thing
you can say which is it didn't affect
the election therefore I'm a legitimate
president that's the only thing you can
say if you say anything else you are not
doing a good job for the country you're
not doing a good job for yourself you
are ruining possibly the entire planet
Earth by D legitimizing the government
of the biggest military on the planet
what would be the biggest mistake this
president could make to say yeah
I think my presidency was a little bit
illegitimate that's a good point they're
making so when you see the enemies of
the President attacking him for what
appears to be or it seems as if or he's
suggesting that Putin is more believable
that his own intelligence agencies
nothing like that's happening not even
close
because if he were he'd be saying stuff
like well I believe Putin I don't
believe my intelligence agencies do you
believe that this president holds back
on his opinion if he believed that he
would certainly say it yeah that's the
one thing we can depend on all right now
he has said the president that the chain
of custody for the servers and
apparently it's not one physical server
it's you know physical servers in the
cloud but that chain of custody was not
done right and therefore on the narrow
question of whether of whether Russia
acted
to that particular set of servers he
said there is some question because the
Chain of Custody
essentially wasn't there that the FBI I
didn't look at the the base servers
now some people anti-trump errs have
jumped in to say stopp
you do not understand it's in the cloud
it's not an actual server and by the way
they gave him a perfect copy it's a
mirror copy you don't need the the
original thing well it what court what
court in the world takes a copy no court
accepts the copy especially if there's a
chain of custody problem going on here
so the president has accurately
criticized accurately criticized one
little gap in credibility for his for
the intelligence services they do have a
history of sometimes not being credible
weapons of mass destruction being among
them and possibly the the whole thing
with Peter struck we don't know how
that's going to turn out but when the
president criticizes one area that is
clearly and unambiguously a point of non
credibility and the information he uses
to do that is in the public domain
nobody is questioning the facts of it
that's pretty believable and also it's
exactly what you should do if you're
trying to defend the credibility of the
presidency and Italia yeah I wouldn't
care if this were Hillary Clinton or any
other president you don't want your
president criticizing the credibility of
their own administration as in whether
or not they're even legally elected that
would be the worst dumbest stupidest
thing anybody ever did and the political
or any other arena it would be a
catastrophic mistake and so his his
critics the ones on the left you you
figure or maybe just taking the
opportunity for whatever attack they can
but the people on the right are the ones
are most disappointed
so the Republicans who have said yep I
it looks like that president has taken
the side of Putin you're idiots alright
so the people on the right who say that
the president you know people that would
otherwise back the president to say that
he suggested that Putin isn't you know
isn't doing any kind of cyber attacks is
just a lie
the president has has questioned one
very specific claim about these servers
and said there's a lacked credibility
there he has not questioned the basic
premise that all of the big countries
are trying to cyber cyber mess with all
of the other big countries there isn't
the slightest chance he believes Russia
has done nothing in terms of cyber
attacks there is a good chance he
believes or he would like you to believe
that Russia didn't have any important
effect and that hasn't been demonstrated
so I'm gonna leave it there but I'm very
I'm just shocked that the news is
continually getting away both sides by
the way I think Fox News is saying the
same thing that CNN is saying of this
topic that he seems to have suggested
that Putin's a little more reliable
nothing like that happened he what he
did act diplomatically and he did defend
the integrity of the election those
things he did but those are those are
both good things being diplomatic is
good and defending the credibility of
the election even if even if there's a
possibility that there was something
going on there that made a difference
even if that's true you should defend
the credibility of the office once
you're in because you can't change the
past that's all I wanted to say about
that and I think I'm done for today
unless I get mad about something else