boom boom boom boom boom
that is my cat making scratching noises
she's happily ripping up my Hasek over
on the other side of the room boom will
you leave the Hasek alone please
just leave that sounds like a no okay
there won't be much left of that by the
time I'm done I know why you're here yep
you came for the simultaneous that
coffee with Scott Adams came to the
right place grab a seat grab grab a
container all you need is a cup or a mug
or glasses Stein the chalice of Tiger
two thermos a flask of can't eat a grill
a goblet a vessel of any kind fill it
with your favorite liquid I like coffee
and join me now for the unparalleled
pleasure of the simultaneous sip the
dopamine yup that gets your body going
makes everything better go now it's all
working so let's talk about the news do
you remember when there used to be thing
called world news wo rld it was news in
other words events that were happening
around the world but now we don't have
world news we have word news wor d have
you noticed that the news has just
turned into arguing about words let me
give you an example in this Ukraine
situation did President Trump ask an
ally to assist in a legal matter or did
the president push bully and blackmail
we're describing the same set of events
if the president asked an ally to help
with a legitimate legal investigation
there's no news
that's nothing wouldn't that be sort of
ordinary for one country to ask another
for assistance of a legal investigation
no news but how do you turn that in no
news into news
well it's through the magic of words all
you do is change what I said into black
bailed pushed he bullied he bullied is a
bully did he ask for a favor
or was he using his secret gangster talk
at the same time as his secret dog
whistle now you know what the gangster
talk is right so this is what the
Democrats are saying about the president
uses gangster talk now gangster talk you
don't say exactly what you want because
that's understood so Miley might be
something like it should be terrible if
something happened to your business that
would be gangster talk
the gangsters not saying I'm going to
destroy your business it's rather
assumed in the way way the words are
chosen but the president has sort of a
double difficulty because according to
the Democrats
he's always talking with a secret racist
dog whistle but also sometimes with a
gangster talk and you add that together
with what they think is his
impulsiveness and mental problems that
they assume he has and if you put those
together you know either one of them by
themselves would make sense
so here's let me give you here's my
impression of the secret racist dog
whistle you ready I hope you could hear
that because if you could you're a
racist so that's the secret dog whistle
there but then the gangster talk is
there
oh nothing happens to your business so
sometimes you'll have to combine them
because you might want to sound super
racist at the same time you threatening
somebody so you put them together and
it's like you know
nothing happens to your business and
there you've got the the racist talk the
secret double racist signal and it's
overlapped with the gangster talk and
then you could have both of them at the
same time so that's what the Democrats
are saying and it looks to be like
everything that we're seeing is word
news now I'm going to introduce a rule
of thumb are you ready this would be a
rule of thumb that I'm not going to say
is predictive yet it's something I've
got my eye on and I'm going to watch it
for a few years to see if it's
predictive and it goes like this
if there's an event in the news that
everybody agrees on the facts but
they're using different words to
describe it and some of those words make
you sound like it's terrible but other
words that also describe it accurately
make it sound not so terrible it's
probably not terrible
that's my rule now I'm not sure yet if
that's predictive I'm just sort of
noticing the pattern for the first time
so kind of keep an eye on that just
track that for a while see if it see if
it seems to be predictive or not this is
not scientific of course but it feels to
me that if there's anything that we're
all seeing and we agree on the factual
part yes there was a phone call yes the
president said these words you know that
sort of thing we agree on the facts if
if you could describe that in the
innocent language without lying all
right there's no lie to the following
thing I'm going to say the president
spoke to an ally and asked the Ally to
help on a legal matter that has great
importance to the country true that's an
accurate description of of what he did
another description would be that he
blackmailed and bullied an ally to help
him win re-election those they
seem to match the facts I mean it's the
same set of facts but one of them is a
crime or a crime ish or treasonous or
just bad form or something and the other
one is just president doing what
presidents do just doing his job I think
if you have a problem that can be
described in ordinary words as well as
extraordinary words can I have to favor
the ordinary explanation all right I see
that Democrats are quite happy because
the number of people both GOP and
Democrats who were in favor of
impeachment or at least the impeachment
process is way up 47 percent so 40
percent of 7 percent including a number
of Republicans have moved over to the
impeachment preferences side is that
what you think it is now listen I don't
know for sure yet but this might not be
what you think it is here's why I also
kind of want an impeachment I'm not I
don't want the president removed but I
kind of dig the idea of an impeachment
because I think it's gonna be
interesting and I think the president
will win by the biggest landslide any
president ever won by if there's an
impeachment because I don't see any
chance that the Senate will then you
know vote to make it any kind of a job
losing situation but impeachment is
starting to feel like deplorable to me
it started down as the worst thing that
could ever happen
Oh impeachment my god that would be the
worst thing that ever happened but maybe
it's my imagination but it seems to be
morphing into just a stupid thing that
Democrats say that helps the president
raise funds because he
raised a whole bunch of money for his
reelection and probably will lead to a
landslide as well as turning over the
Congress to the Republicans I feel like
when people answer that question do you
want an impeachment
some people say hell yeah I want that
guy impeached but I wonder if there
aren't other people like me who say some
version of this yeah love that
impeachment mmm
try it try it see what happens see what
happens so it would be hard to parse
that out and find out why people say
what they want I think some people say
well if there's an impeachment then
everybody gets asked questions and the
whole world will see what's happening
and that will be good for the president
it's just add transparency to an Akey
process why not can you think of any
other president
besides Bill Clinton I suppose who could
get impeached and it would help him
think about it is there any other
president who could get impeached and it
would end up helping him maybe not he
might be the only one so this is another
example of being careful about what
history repeats because why which
history is gonna repeat is it gonna be
the Nixon history or the Bill Clinton
history they're kind of different right
so every time anybody says history
repeats or they they make an appeal to
history repeating even if they don't use
the words I always say maybe not because
history doesn't repeat somebody else is
Hillary running and so I guess Steve
Bannon was on what the trish regan show
and he said i want to get his exact
quote he said that Hillary Clinton is
running again and quote trying to decide
how to fit her way in do you believe
that
do you believe that the Hillary is
running and she's trying to figure out
how to insert yourself in the process
here's what I believe I believe Steve
Madden holds people who think that all
right every time I see Steve ban and say
everything I art to laugh because you
know he's playing on a different level
right there's no way that Steve Danon
thinks I don't think anyway I don't
believe I'm not really his mind so here
I'm in speculative territory here could
be wrong could be wrong but I think when
Steve Berra says Hillary Clinton is
running again that that's for the
benefit of just messing with the
Democrats what happens to your funding
if you're let's say your Elizabeth
Warren and the rumor comes around the
Hillary might be running what happens to
your funding it dries up because people
who have big money who think Hillary
might run they're gonna hold onto their
money it's so clever Steve Danon I tell
you Steve man it might be the most
underrated mind in all of politics
because I think most people just looked
at this as a surface thing it's like wow
Steve Bana and he's usually right about
a lot of stuff and he thinks Hillary
Clinton is running again and she's just
trying to shoot her way in well maybe he
thinks that it's not impossible you
might actually think that but I'll tell
you what makes sense it's a real good
way to mess with the Democrats it's a
really good way in fact you would be
hard-pressed to find a better way to
mess with the Democrats than to say
you're pretty sure Hillary is getting
back in the game it's just wonderfully
its wonderfully effective so kudos to
Steve Bannon for the play of the day and
if you want my opinion there isn't the
slightest chance that Hillary's running
but I love
I love from the persuasion you know sort
of political dirty tricks perspective
that he said that he put it out there
like it's real Rosie O'Donnell ran a
little Twitter poll now Twitter polls of
course are not scientific you just get
your own whoever follows you on twitter
are the ones who answer so it's not very
scientific and she asks how many people
think Trump should be impeached and she
got 89 percent to say Trump should be
impeached and I thought to myself that's
a perfect snapshot of of why we don't
agree on reality because the people who
follow Rosie as one would expect 90% of
them think the president should be
impeached
so Rosie probably lives in a bubble in
which she thinks oh sure you know I know
it's just my followers answering this
question but it's probably true that at
least 70 percent or 75 percent want the
president to peach isn't that true it
must be no Rosie you're living in a
little bubble and we're all in our own
bubbles but when you read my book that
loser thing comes out in a few weeks
maybe it will help you out one of the
most fun pieces of news today is that
there's a Sam Harris podcast in which he
actually corrects one of his guests who
brings up two fine people hoax so one of
his guests states as fact that the
president said that the neo-nazis were
fine people Sam Harris waits until the
guests finishes his point and then fact
checks them and tells them that in fact
there were there was violence on both
sides and the president did call it out
and he also called out that the
president condemned the racist and
neo-nazis in that same statement that
his guest was referring to so in other
words he fact checked him on the fine
people hoax did you see that coming for
those of you don't know there's a little
history to this
I appeared on sim Harris's podcast 2017
2016 I'm forgetting the exact date but
it was after Trump had been elected and
say I'm was still in the Trump is going
to ruin everything mode and I came on
his show to be the voice of reason on
the pro Trump side if you can put it
that way and we had a very civil
conversation which as you might imagine
everybody who was anti Trump said Sarah
Maris mopped the floor with Scott
because of his superior intellect and
all of his good points and then of
course everybody who is more favorably
disposed toward my opinions said that I
completely dominated in one day with my
clever points and clearer insights now
of course neither of those things is
true probably it's probably more true
people just took sides with whoever they
agreed with but I said at the time you
know after after the interview I said at
the time that this was not a normal
interaction in the sense that Sam Harris
is not a normal pundit or normal
observer or normal intellect he's not
normal I mean that in a good way he is
capable of changing his mind based on
data and facts and you know logic and
reason and all that stuff how many
people do you know have you ever seen
changed their mind on anything important
it's like really rare so somebody's
gonna have to fact-check me but I think
we talked about the fine people hopes on
there and I think I debunked it on that
show I'm a little off on my chronology
so I think it had already happened and
that was part of the topic but the point
is that I I said at the time that Sam
Harris would would come to understand at
least the pro-trump perspective and
that you would he would find his way out
of Trump derangement syndrome which from
the observers perspective looked like
what was happening now I'm not going to
declare that anybody's in or Ana for
Trump derangement syndrome but I would
say that is a gigantic intellectual
accomplishment for him it's so rare to
see somebody take a position that is
based on logic and rationality and and
disagrees with is what you would say
would be his side you know whether he
whether he labels it that way or not I'm
not sure but it's rare I just want to
call it out and and show him some
respect for that now of course he still
has harsh opinions about Trump on a
number of areas but at least those are
based on solid observation solid opinion
solid preference about how ways things
should go I have a completely different
opinion about those things because those
are opinions everybody everybody can
have one but being able to change your
mind
or at least have clarity on something
that your entire team believes is true
but the facts say is false it's very
rare I just have to call that out and
complement it China continues to grind
away at Hong Kong if you know the the
news has started to get repetitive I'm
getting a little bored with the Hong
Kong news and that's not a good thing
because remember China has the log game
they're just gonna grind away on Hong
Kong until they get everything they want
might take a year might take a month
might take 25 years but China is going
to get what they want out of Hong Kong
one way or another they can do it the
slow way the fast way I would say there
haunt the Hong Kong situation could be a
good proxy for whether we should do any
kind of trade deal with China versus
decoupling
now decoupling means doesn't mean you do
it today it just means you stop you stop
coupling so there are things that are in
China that probably would stay there in
other words manufacturing and stuff so
there's some things that are too hard to
decouple and I wouldn't have a big
problem with any company who said I will
go out of business if we move our plant
we can't do that I would say okay I get
that but you saw that Apple just decided
to build one of their McIntosh plants in
Texas so they chose America as their
place to build what does Texas have a
lot of immigrants so that might be a
perfect solution so I would like to also
compliment Apple because I think Apple
made the right choice
now I don't know the economics I don't
know if they left any money on the table
by not putting the production offshore
maybe they did maybe they did they may
have left some money on the table by
bringing it home but was it the right
choice absolutely absolutely
when I when I saw that the president
actually tweeted it cuz he was pretty
happy about it when I saw the Apple had
decided that they would build this
Factory in America my immediate reaction
was I wanted to go buy something from
Apple I just didn't need anything if I
had needed anything I would have
actually picked up my device you know at
amazon.com or whatever and I would have
bought an Apple product I'm that happy
with them because if they're on my team
they're supporting America in addition
to supporting theirs - oh and by the way
I should say I own Apple stock so I have
the sizeable chunk of Apple stock so I'm
not objective I want to I always forget
to mention that sort of thing I'm not
very professional that way but I do own
stock I'm just a stockholder of Apple so
I would like them to do well and this
was certainly an example of them doing
well for the country and I think you
should help them as a product I think we
should we as buyers and remember I'm a
stockholder so not I'm not
I'm biased here we as consumers should
say that's that's a checkbook that's a
checkmark in your favor Apple maybe if
you're on the fence they should push you
over to buy their products anyway my
point about Hong Kong is that I think
Hong Kong needs to be one of the major
triggers about whether we ever sign a
deal with China I don't believe we
should sign any kind of a trade deal
with China ever as long as the Hong Kong
situation is going against Hong Kong
because they're violating a major
business agreement by doing that you
can't do a deal with somebody who's
violating a big public agreement of that
importance right in front of the world
that's not a country you can do business
with because they have not demonstrated
the minimum requirement of doing
business which is some amount of
predictability if they make a deal
they'll stick with it that they're doing
the opposite but the other thing of
course I say this all the time is as
long as they're big fentanyl dealers are
alive and we know their names and we
know where they live and they're free
people you can't do it you can't do a
deal with that country that's a country
you cannot do business with you have to
decouple so where Apple gets kudos for a
building in America if you hear of any
company this is mine my offer to you if
you hear of any company who is making a
new decision not a decision that's
already in the pipeline you know because
it's hard to take things back when she
once you get going and I would I would
understand that that the company has
some duty to their shareholders etc but
if you hear somebody makes a new
decision that's not already in the
pipeline to move production to China
would you let me know just let me know
tweet at me send be an email because I
might be part of the solution to
embarrassing them to change their mind
so look for that there may or may not be
a upcoming Sunday Dilbert cartoon in
which Dilbert's company talks about
moving production to elbonia and Dilbert
might be reminding the boss about
albinius bad track record of horrible
horrible things some people are gonna
say themselves that looks a lot like
China in there to which I say that's not
China
that's elbonia I don't know why you're
talking about why would you say that
elbow knee is like China just because
elbonia is shipping lots of illegal
drugs to this country and killing people
but why would you say that's like China
why would you say just cuz in the comic
I say yo Bodie it doesn't keep their
deals why would you say that's like
China I'm talking about elbonia
if you're gonna make it about China
that's on you but the elbow nians maybe
building concentration camps and moving
their dissidents into it that's what the
oboe nians do don't don't conflate this
with what the Chinese are doing I'm only
talking about elbonia alla Bonilla is a
bad bad place
sending drugs building concentration
camps to put their people in it the
dissenters I mean Bell Bonilla is just a
bad bad place and they don't keep their
deals they steal intellectual property
did you know that
el Bonilla steals intellectual property
so in the world of Dilber el Bonilla is
no longer a place that that you can
invest because of all those things
they're doing now here's something you
don't know so he says I'm confused now
here's something you don't know for
decades
managers and CEOs have written to me and
said some version of this by email
usually damn you Scott I was planning to
introduce a program or a policy and I
saw you mocking it in a Dilbert comic
and now I can't do it because you've
made a laughingstock of my plans now
usually they're laughing when they say
it but I really did actually make them
cancel their plans that's a real thing
I've been hearing it for years and years
and years the power of mocking cannot be
understated so I now have a comic about
Al Bonilla but I could see how some
people would incorrectly think it's
about China I don't know what you're
thinking but I could imagine that when
that comic is published I think it's in
a month or something when that comic is
published I could imagine
people sending that to their boss if
their boss decides to invest in China
because they might say this is sort of
thing a person might say hey look at
this comic about del Bonilla does it
remind you of anything you're doing
because if you do it you can't say you
weren't warned can't say you didn't know
what you were doing so in my view the
movement of manufacturing to China from
the United States is probably done and I
don't think you need to decouple hard in
terms of just closing plants and moving
them back because that's expensive and
we don't need to shoot ourselves in the
foot to to do what we need to do we
simply need to do a soft decoupling so
the soft decoupling is that it is now
toxic for any manufacturing entity from
the United States to move into China if
they're making the decision based on
current and knowledge it's going to be
toxic and trust me I'm gonna keep it
toxic so we got that going on pasture if
you evangelical pastor Robert Jeffress
from Texas he warned that if Trump were
successful were successfully removed
from office civil war would follow and
President Trump tweeted that out civil
war would follow so CNN runs an opinion
piece in which the opinion ATAR
says this
this is just part of it in the world of
white power what in the world of white
power in the world of white power I
didn't know I was in the world of white
power but okay we're a civil war is a
race war what what why would a civil war
be a race war whose idea is that
is there anybody talking about a race or
I mean there's a race war in terms of
you know people talking on television
but are you and your neighbors getting
getting tense with each other you know
is your is your coworker who's a
different ethnicity are you are you
getting into it maybe it's my turn
violent no no there's nothing like that
happening in the real world
nothing not even the the slightest
amount of it if there were ever to be a
civil war it's gonna be you know
conservatives Republicans against
left-leaning people was definitely not
gonna be a race or what what Republican
was a race war the crazy ones the you
know there's crazy people on both sides
I'm sure you could find a crazy Democrat
and a crazy Republican you know three or
four of them want to go off and have a
race war with each other but count me
out count me out if there's a race war
can I can I can I opt out now there's no
freaking way this country's citizens
want a race war or would participate in
one yeah they're a crazy you know mass
shooters so we're gonna do things and
have they'll have their manifestos and
stuff sure sure that's gonna happen
can't stop the crazy people from doing
creative what crazy people do but
seriously we are so far from our race
war in this country why because we don't
want one nobody wants one zero people
want a race war zero
only just crazy people and nobody
listens to them anyway so the thought
that there's some actual risk of a race
war in this country is so disconnected
from the ground you know from real
people and if you haven't got a real
person wants a race war it's ridiculous
there's no real person who wasn't race
or unless that person is also batshit
crazy yeah those people exist but not
normal people you need a lot of normal
people to think it's a good idea before
it's going to happen that's not going to
happen so did you notice that the Trump
administration is backing our
reparations for slavery I'm just gonna
leave that there for a moment why you
didn't notice you didn't notice that the
Trump administration strongly backed
reparations I'm just leaving that there
for a moment while you while you chew on
it and people are saying what I missed
that story yes she did you missed that
story let me tell you that story so
apparently the Trump administration I
don't know where this is in terms of
becoming real versus a proposal so it's
somewhere in that somewhere in the
pipeline is the idea that historically
black colleges would be fully funded by
the government in other words those
historically black colleges so my
understanding is there several I don't
know how many there are deserve fewer
than 12 can somebody give me a number on
that it's like a handful plus something
like that of these colleges that are
historically black meaning that you
don't have to be black to go to these
colleges of course because we don't have
you know racial requirements for college
but traditionally they had been black
only colleges they have evolved to
really good institutions I hear and they
have mostly black students
and the government the Trump
administration has decided to at least
push the idea of fully funding them I
don't know how approved that is but I
can't imagine the Democrats disagreeing
right now I will take you back to a
proposal that I made some time ago in
writing
I said reparations in any kind of a
normal way where you write a check from
some part of the citizens to another
part of the citizens could never work
there there's no there's no scenario oh
by the way the foot the full funding for
the historically black colleges wasn't
the only thing there was also some some
kind of program to help low-income
people in general so you wouldn't have
to be black to go to a black college and
you wouldn't have to be black to take
advantage of the other stuff that
they're proposing for helping the
low-income people go to college
anyway back to my point I'd suggest that
that there might be some way to do
something that looks like reparations
without it being the ugly kind where
you're just writing a check because
nobody's ID just wouldn't work and that
would cause social unrest and I
suggested there one way to do it might
be for a special tax on the rich let's
say top 1% which I would be so I am
recommending taxing myself here to make
something like a 25 year commitment that
if you're black you can go to college
for free and the idea is that you put a
25 year time on it so that says this is
not forever we we expect this to time
out but for one generation or so you
would make sure that if you wanted an
education you knew how to get it and you
could afford it now I also said that you
can't do that either
unless you're also making sure that
low-income people of every ethnicity are
getting helped as well so what you see
is that there's a little focus on the
historically black colleges but remember
you don't have to be black to go there
so other people can go there and they
would be fully funded as I understand
the probe
and in addition they would have these
other programs that no matter what color
you are
you also could get help going to college
so collectively I would say that the
Trump administration is implementing
reparations because it is exactly I
think it's exactly what I recommended
out in a year or two ago as the only way
to sort of finesse the situation that is
hard to finesse now I don't think that
the administration could or should ever
sell it to the base as reparations that
would be politically unwise but in terms
of addressing the same psychological and
financial and very real
you know disparities that have happened
because of historical reasons I think
that's a pretty reasonable way to go
because education this is a doorway for
success for everybody and even if you
can't get into college knowing that
other black people did get into college
is going to create more jobs you know
they're going to start companies they're
going to be another way another source
for people to get jobs etc so while you
weren't paying attention the Trump
administration basically just wrapped up
the black vote not in terms of getting a
majority of them but they have an
argument now that they've done more for
the black community than any maybe
anybody except on Lyndon Johnson or
something am I wrong
because if you look at the first step
act you know is that what it's called
the helping people get out of college
I'm sorry get out of jail and get
trained and then you add that to the
support for the historically black
colleges along with support for you know
everybody to get a better education
that's pretty solid stuff it's pretty
solid how would you like to be Elizabeth
Warren running against that when you
already have such low african-american
support
tell me tell me what Elizabeth Warren
did for the black community how about
nothing I mean loud maybe she did I
shouldn't say that let me let me back up
to a factual statement that I can that I
can actually support because maybe she
did as a senator or as a lawyer or
something she may have done a lot I
don't know but in terms of running for
president the president's got a
good-looking portfolio now right
unemployment looking great right the the
jail first act is the first step act
looks great historical black colleges
it's looking pretty strong all right
could he do more
maybe now you've also noticed that there
seems to be a stark reduction in police
shootings of unarmed black men it could
be just a coincidental lull
it could be because the news is covering
things differently it could be because
the police are finding better smarter
ways to avoid violence I don't know why
but there aren't at the moment any high
profile stories of that kind where
people people rally around his story and
we're kind of story free at the moment
if you say to yourself what's the last
story that was sort of a black versus
white story it turned out to be a fake
story there was a twelve-year-old girl
who told the story of her white
classmates held her down and cut off her
dreadlocks became a national story and
then her parents recently came out and
said no she made the whole thing up now
first of all respect to the parents
thank you thank you parents for doing
what you do to make the world a better
place so the parents of this girl
stand up citizens I mean I only know
about this one thing but that's that is
worthy of your respect that they correct
it or wrong unambiguously they just
corrected it boom no no ambiguity they
just fixed it
boom all right so
expect to the parents but that's the
story that's the last story you you
heard that was sort of a national story
about black versus white I think it's a
made-up problem you know once you hear
once years say I'm heresay yeah the the
President did condemn the racist it's
being reported wrong essentially so you
hear that
and then let me ask you this now that
we're talking about a little Disick you
crane stuff hasn't the racist thing just
sort of going away what do you notice
that people are not doing the the racist
attack on the President as their main
attack because they got this little
Ukraine thing so let me ask you this if
anything that the Republic that the
Democrats have thought about the
president being racist if any of that
were true why weren't they pushing for
for impeachment on that would it not be
sufficient if you had an actual racist
in office would it not be sufficient to
impeach based on that you know it would
of course it would of course it would
see because remember impeachment is a
political process and certainly
supporting you know if they believed it
were true they were supporting white
supremacist you could you could pretty
reasonably come up with a case for
impeachment I think but the reason that
is not a case for impeachment and it's
not even on the list is because it
wouldn't hold up to scrutiny the thing
that they have with this Ukraine
situation is that they believe they have
the facts on their side that's why
they're focusing on this because they're
saying we can prove he made a phone call
and we can prove he asked for something
and we can prove that the that the funds
were being withheld during that time so
finally they have something that
although it's subject to interpretation
what was going on at least there are
actual facts so they this is the best
case they've ever had and it's
completely empty and stupid and void of
reason so ask yourself how solid was the
he's a white supremacist talking about
the president how solid was that attack
that they've abandoned it completely for
this ridiculous Ukraine thing that there
isn't any chance in the world the
president is gonna be removed for office
for that I mean really none right just
think about it how did how does their
belief that the president is literally a
racist how did that just go away
how how is that the not the top thing
you're worrying about every day well if
it were real
you'd be worrying about it every day but
they know it isn't real they know that
all right I tweeted a link to an
organization in San Francisco called
Delancey Street
it's the Delancey Street foundation you
can see it in my Twitter Delancy de la
MC e Y we have a model for treating
addicts in which they have basically
they built a city within a city and my
understanding is you probably can't
leave you know without some kind of
conditions but you check yourself in
it's voluntary and you're taught a trade
but they keep you there for like four
years so getting into the Delancey
Street could be a four-year commitment
on average I think you know you could
stay there different amounts of time
because it's voluntary but people will
stay there for years voluntarily because
they're learning a trade or two they
there's a little bunch of trades that
they teach up but they also teach them
how to live together without without
using and it seems to be one of the more
successful programs so my ex-wife
Shelley who lost her son to addiction to
and fentanyl was in his body we don't
know you know the exact mix of chemicals
but if you die of a drug or to overdose
and you have fentanyl in your body well
it's probably the fence probably not the
beer
she so Shelly my ex-wife did a
fundraiser a GoFundMe that's completed
now yeah it was she raised I think about
$11,000 for Delancey Street and she went
down there and presented it on the
anniversary of my stepsons death now
they run I think entirely by donations I
think I don't believe that they charge
anybody to be there which is also part
of the magic because if you're an addict
what are the chances you can afford
30,000 a month for an addiction
treatment pretty low so Delancey Street
has been around since I think the early
70s I knew about them when I lived in
San Francisco in the 70s yeah they were
always they were always spoken of with
reverence I've been hearing about them
for literally however many years that is
from the 70s but whenever I hear about
them is with reverence I have not heard
and now I'm not the expert but I've
never heard any any critique of their
method except that obviously not every
addict can be cured but there now after
decades of running they've refined their
model apparently and they're starting to
clone it so they're cloning their their
whole system if you will and it's a
system that's what I love about it
they've developed a little system where
they can isolate you put you with the
right people the right inputs train you
give you a you know motivation for life
all that stuff and now they're cloning
it and Bram taking it around the country
somebody's smarter than me
probably should be looking into this so
I copied you know dr. drew on that and
Michael Shellenberger who are both
deeply involved in the California
homelessness crisis now to be clear
California homelessness probably has a
lot to do with mental illness I don't
believe the Delancey Street model I
could be wrong about this but I don't
think they're optimized for mental
illness so that's that's a whole
population
that I don't know any kind of a solution
for so dr. drew were just just talking
about you and my tweet about Delancey
Street as a possible model for treating
addiction I'd have to know more about it
but everything I hear about that ms is
good
so Delancey Street in San Francisco take
a look at it they have a button for
donations I'm not going to ask you to
donate because every time I do that
somebody told somebody says it's some
kind of a scam so use your own judgment
on anything like that all right
what I like about Delancey Street in
particular is that it's a forty plus
year experiment which I'm sure they have
tweaked and tweaked and adjusted and
changed they've added different kinds of
skills and and vocational training to it
they really kind of know what works and
what doesn't at this point and so now
they're in the cloning phase now if I
were to describe a perfect system for
solving anything it would look like this
lots of people in different places try
different things the things that don't
work we stop doing the things that do
work we keep doing and we tweak it and
once we're pretty pretty sure that it
works or at least it works better than
the other things then you clone it so
Delancey Street is at the clothing stage
that's a big deal if you reach the
cloning stage where you're reproducing
your system in other places it means you
have someone and so kudos to Delancey
Street for doing the hard work I mean
that's the hard work I have so much
respect for people who do real hard work
like they're actually on the street
they're picking up the trash there
they're working with the addicts they're
working with the homeless I have so much
respect for people who will do that kind
of work because frankly I wouldn't be up
to it we're apparently the country has
the country the government homeland
defense as contracted for a drone
bubble defense on the border so we
actually have technologies now in which
they can scan for drones and then if a
drone is detected anywhere within the
bubble you know on the border or
anywhere else so if a drone is detected
they actually they initiate anti-drone
defenses
I think automatically there might be a
human involved but it would happen
quickly and either in any event I think
there's a three minute lag time from
spotting the drone to taking it down and
they take it down I believe
electronically so they they take out its
electronic controls and they just bring
it safely to the ground so I just
mentioned that because it's kind of
amazing it's amazing that there is an
anti drone technology that works well
enough that we're actually building
defenses against it somebody says they
hired Delancey Street as movers and they
were very professional yeah so the job
of being movers is one of the things
Delancey Street trains and I think
that's actually yeah I think the way
they fund their program if I'm not wrong
is that they have their own restaurant
where people learn to do the restaurant
jobs you know the the ex-addicts or I
guess our current addicts and and that's
all part of paying the bills so that
moving company I think is the same thing
I might be wrong about that but I think
that's how they pay for stuff anyway
it's a great model and that's all for
today and I will talk to you later