what a morning what a morning one of my
favorite mornings ever why because I get
to spend it with you and I'm not even
kidding I love doing these periscopes I
really do it's actually my highlight of
the day at least the the work portion of
my day I have other
highlights
so uh I'm going to look at a couple of
my tweets here this morning so that I
can track along with what I've been
talking
about uh all
right so let me start with a little
thing that I like to call the
simultaneous
zp you who are already listening to me
are on time and if you have some kind of
a vessel for liquids it could be a cup
or a mug it could be a chalice or a
Stein possibly a thermos if you have
filled it with your favorite liquid I
like coffee you can join me now for the
simultaneous
set
ah now I'd like to start with a little
bit of fake news and this one's kind of
fun uh most of you are probably familiar
with a a very well known
author uh and probably he would have
other titles such as maybe
statistician I don't know there there
are probably other titles for him but
Nasim Nicholas
Talib so here's the interesting
story that might differ from whatever
you're seeing on the internet right
now
so I I almost don't know how to describe
this story because it's so weird that I
don't know if you'll believe it you know
sometimes things are so weird that even
if you just describe them accurately
people will say well I don't know about
that that doesn't sound like something
that's really happening so telling you
ahead of time I'm going to tell you a
tale that you probably won't believe all
right so I noticed on the internet that
people were talking about some kind of
an argument that I was having with uh
Nasim Nicholas Talib
and I didn't know what it was about
because I had I had blocked him for
being unpleasant but I don't remember
why in other words some time ago it
wasn't too long ago maybe a couple weeks
I don't even remember there was
something he said and I was in a
blocking mood and I blocked him now
here's the important part of the story I
don't remember why I don't remember what
the topic was I don't remember what he
said
I don't remember why it bothered me I
was just in a blocking mood and I I have
a vague memory that he was being
unpleasant and I happened to be in the
kind of mood where I thought you know
what if I just removed
unpleasantness from my Twitter
experience so there are a lot of people
that I block lately not exactly because
of what they've said not exactly because
of maybe their attitude or their
knowledge or or really any of that I I'm
starting to block people for my
happiness in other words if
somebody if somebody makes me less happy
than I could be for whatever reason
their attitude they're the topics they
care about it doesn't really matter it's
not really a statement about them
personally it's just that my my exposure
to their opinions is not making me happy
so so whatever the reason was I blocked
him that started that started the
assumption that there was something
specific that he and I were disagreeing
with and as best I could tell without
looking at his his feed there seems to
be some kind of
idea and I'm not making this up I swear
I'm not making this up but there's a
conversation happening about me and
about some kind of alleged problem that
I have with Nasim Nicholas talb that I'm
not aware of I'm literally not even
aware of it but apparently it's it's a
topic of conversation and so I've been
seeing how long I could go without
knowing why I'm in a conversation or
disagreement with TB I actually don't
know but other people have been joining
in and taking sides and stuff and uh the
only thing that I could pick out of the
context is that
I had once made the claim that if you
know you have bad
data it's a good idea to correct it with
the good data you know assuming you can
be sure that your good data is really
good and you're sure that the bad data
was really bad now I'm hearing from
third parties but not from Talib because
I blocked him so I don't know what he's
saying he's blocked me too so he doesn't
know what I'm saying so but I keep
hearing from people that he's taking the
side
that there are situations in which bad
data is better than good data now I take
it on faith that he didn't say anything
like that but that's that's how it's
being presented to me so because I think
it's fun I keep saying I'm taking the
side that says that good data is better
than bad data and I'm watching people
I'm watching people argue with
me and I think it's funny because I
don't really think that there's a a an
intellectual argument in favor of
inaccurate
data and people keep telling me no no
Scott you're just not listening there's
an actually really good argument in
favor of bad
data now some of you have already caught
on right obviously this conversation is
not really happening in in in the real
world there is no such thing as Talib
taking the side of bad data while I'm
taking the side of good
data but I keep pushing it to see how
long people will believe that's actually
what's happening and and honestly I
don't know what's happening I really
don't know what's happening I don't know
I don't know what tb's opinion is I
don't know what topic we were talking
about I don't know what he says about
data I don't know what he said about me
but I'm just saying the same thing over
again well I'm I'm is taking the side
that if you could replace bad data with
good data you should do that there's
probably no exception to
that and I'm I'm watching the the
appearance that he and I are disagreeing
on something when in fact I don't even
know what he's talking
about all right so the funny thing is
that there's a general opinion that he
and I are having a disagreement but I'm
allegedly in the disagreement I don't
even know what the topic is I honestly
don't even know the topic but something
about data all right that's fun if you
are watching the ongoing saga of um my
attempts and now other people have
brought into have have been very active
in it as well primarily Joel Pollock um
writing a number of Articles talking
about the fine people hoax if you're new
to my periscopes you probably have heard
the fake news that the president of the
United States allegedly called the
racist in Charlottesville fine people
that actually never happened it's it's
the most widespread fake news that is
genuinely believed but you can look at
the transcript and you can see that he
says in direct language I'm not talking
about the neo-nazis and the and the
racists he says it in direct language
I'm not talking about them but it's
widely reported as oh that's exactly who
he's talking about even though he said
it directly now what's interesting about
this when we we have a world full of
fake news on lots of topics why did I
pick this one thing to really you know
die on this hill and it's because this
one thing this one piece of fake news is
not like the rest it has a very
different
um it's a different nature and what's
different about it is that first of all
it's the it's the mother of all fake
news everything that the anti-tr
trumpers believe about Trump is built on
this little fake news
Foundation that he once said directly
that racists were fine people which of
course didn't happen but if you believe
he did say that then everything that you
build on top of that starts making sense
but it wouldn't make sense if you knew
that he' said the opposite which is what
actually happened now so that's the
first thing the first thing is that not
all fake news is equal this fake news
it's sort of like the the alpha news
it's the fake news that informs all the
other fake news it's the it's the
central spine of the fake news about
President Trump if this one spine could
be removed the rest of the body is
likely to fall apart like a boneless
chicken now that's the optimistic view
people do stick to their fake news
pretty pretty uh diligently but my
hypothesis was this if I could take one
super prevalent piece of fake news that
people believe about the president and I
could show them in with evidence that
just can't be doubted because it's right
there on the page it says it in clear
language and yet it's being reported as
the opposite I thought well this is
unique because usually you can't prove
something this easily I mean normally
you if people are saying the president
is bad for the econ economy it's like
this big complicated argument and you
could see arguments on both sides and
maybe it was all Obama and maybe it was
the FED there are very few situations
where the complexity of the the
disagreement is so simple he either did
or did not say the Nazis and
Charlottesville were fine people can we
prove why he said yes we have a video
and we have the transcript and they
match and they say in clear words that
he did not call them fine people he said
the opposite in clear
words now that's what makes it unique
you almost can never so simply and so
directly and so conclusively prove that
the news is fake news it's very rare
normally it's a big complicated hard to
hard to dissect situation so I thought
if I can make people understand how
badly they've been duped on just this
one thing it has two things going for it
one it can be proven Beyond or any doubt
any doubt you know not even reasonable
but any doubt that that's very rare and
it's the most important faes so if I
could do that it would really change how
people understood their
world because here's what you learn as a
hypnotist here's what you learn as
somebody who has studied persuasion I'm
describing myself now if you were to
look at a situation such as the
widespread reporting
misreporting that the president called
racist fing people what do most of you
believe explains
that most of you are going to say well
obviously the bad guys are
lying most of you think that right well
if it's if it's not true and yet they
continue to say it's not true how can
you explain that obviously they're just
lying because they're on the other side
of the political
Spectrum if you're a hypnotist as I am
if you've studied false memories
cognitive dissonance confirmation bias
the whole psychology side of the world
you probably don't see it that
way on top of that I've had private
conversations with enough people who
believed the fine people
fake that I have determined by far the
most likely explanation is that they
believe it now you say to yourself no
Scott Scott Scott
you can't believe something that's this
so clearly fake it would be one thing to
believe the president wasn't good for
the economy or to believe that Isis
isn't 100% solved or to believe that
things you know will or will not go well
with trade with China those are big
complicated
things but if you're lying about this
simple objectively false statement of
the fine people if you're lying about
that there's no explanation other than
you're a liar that's what most people
think that is completely
wrong that is actually the least likely
explanation the the thought that they
are intentionally looking at the news
and that their jobs are to report the
news they're news professionals and you
think that they you think that they know
it's false they know it's easily proven
as false and they still say it on TV
that's actually the least likely
explanation by far the most likely
explanation the one the one that that is
the most common is that they actually
believe it's true false memories and
here's here's the thing that most of you
don't know but people who have studied
the mind and psychology do know so you
might have you might have learned the
fields of let's say economics and
business and you might have learned
about um you might have learned about
science but if you didn't learn about
psychology you'd be missing really the
key element people who know psychology
would say false memories are the texture
of your entire
experience most of what you understand
as your memories are false memories let
me say that again the vast majority of
your memories are not real they're
approximates they're they're they're um
cobbled together from things you're
thinking at the moment they are not
photographic um reproductions of the
past most of your memories are assembled
from the fake news in your own head
basically um how many of you have had
experience let's say even in the last
two weeks where you had a disagreement
with somebody about a fact and then
somebody whipped out an email or a text
and showed that you remembered it
exactly backwards happened to me twice
this week I think you know once went my
way once didn't um it's the most common
experience in the world that two people
remember the same thing differently fake
memories false memories are the texture
of our entire existence once you
understand that you can start to
understand why things are the way they
are in other words the news will start
making sense the way people act make
sense as soon as you realize the basic
texture of reality is false memory
that's the norm So when you say to say
to me well there are two possibilities
why people keep saying this find people
wrong one is that they all have
coordinated and they've all either
they've they've had a meeting or maybe
they just all know it's a good thing to
do that they're all going to lie on wait
for it all the smartest news
Professionals in the world have decided
to
lie about the one thing that's easily
proven as a
lie you think they would Pro pick that
do you think that even if they wanted to
remove this President they would pick
the one thing that's so easily
falsifiable you would never do that
intentionally all right I you know I can
imagine that in the big world there's
somebody who might have done it
intentionally but you can't tell me that
thousands of news
professionals all decided to lie on the
one thing that is the easiest to debunk
by far the easiest it's right there on a
page they reported it they reported it
themselves CNN reported it right before
they started reporting it right wrong
all right it's possible I don't like to
speak in absolutes right because that's
how dumb people talk dumb people say
this definitely happened or this
definitely didn't happen I like to talk
in in percentages all right the the odds
of them lying about that are very loud
all right so enough on that I see people
complaining have gone on too much about
that um now here's uh so I I have a book
coming out in October called Loser think
and one of the main them themes of the
book is this that your ability to
understand your world is very much
informed by what experience you've had
now that's obvious right the experience
you've had in life gives you better or
worse ability to understand the world
but I've taken it to the next level and
I've suggested that the the things you
studied give you superpowers or they
deny you superpowers for example uh Hume
recently tweeted uh the an article by
Dan Cortez in which he was talking about
the fine people hoax and BR Hume was
saying basically he was realizing that
the news had been reported wrong for all
this time now if you don't know Bri the
thing you need to know is that he's he's
a Fox News guy but he's not he's not
really the opinion guy he's he's a
credible um let's say I
probably in the top tier of the most
credible
people in the news business whether
you're talking Fox News or anywhere else
he is willing to to take the side that
the evidence suggests and if you've
watched him for a while yeah he's a
straight shooter which is which feels
rare doesn't it but he's he probably be
one of the more credible news people
working today and he said whoops
basically in his I'm paraphrasing here
but his his quote his tweet suggested
that um he now understands the fine
people thing was fake news so then that
got retweeted today
by uh let's see
by Russell Roberts now at eont talker
that's his his Twitter handle now he's a
apparently a respected noted
Economist and what he says about um this
is he says I try to stay away from most
things Trump but this story is crazy
talking about the fine people hoax
evidently I was misled as to what Trump
said after charlott's Bill truth is
elusive all right so here's the point
I'm going to make Russell Roberts is a
noted and
capable
Economist so he's
learned sort of you know the the uh the
ways of Economics so he's educated in
facts and economists also get educated a
little bit in Psychology because you
can't really understand economics unless
you understand how people act so his
level of understanding led him to look
at the
data as Dan Cortez laid it out and as
you can see it in the transcripts he
looked at the data and the data caused
him to change his
opinion now does that sound like a
nothing how rare is it how often have
you ever seen in the realm of politics
how often have you ever seen someone say
oh the data has changed so therefore I
change my opinion and guess what I'll do
it in public I'll do it in
public have you I don't even know if
I've ever seen it
I don't know if I've ever seen it happen
but here's here's what the point and
then I then I think my God my God what
are people going to say to that what
would be the response to watching this
highly rational person who's no fan of
the president say the the facts were
misreported I changed my opinion what
will that do to other people well I I go
into the
comments and here's one from JJ verhine
and so JJ talking about this fine people
thing he says to accept quote fine
people on both sides is to deny the
reason for the
Gathering okay I don't really know what
that means right uh this flyer was
created by the organizers a provocation
which culminated in the murder and
injuries of those protesting the flyer
notice the blood were you misled or are
you a victim of
revisionism all right so this is a
commenter
who looked at the same
facts as the established
Economist and was not was not moved by
it so changing the facts did not change
this person's opinion and so what's the
first thing I did when I saw this this
denter yeah somebody's saying word salad
correct so when you see somebody devolve
into high concept word salad where
they're trying to draw together Concepts
and you know and form something out of
nothing and the words sort of fit
together but you don't know what they
mean yeah that's word salad and it's a
teleph for cognitive
dissonance so anyway here's the
punchline so he disagrees with the
economist they both looked at the same
facts the facts are just as plain as
they could be but he's come to a
different opinion in other words when I
say a different opinion I mean he didn't
change his opinion
so different facts did not change his
opinion so I said to myself wonder what
this guy does for a
living he's an art
director he's an art
director now summarizing the person who
studied economics sees that the facts
were wrong looks at the correct facts
revises his opinion in public
how often does that happen how many
people revise their opinion in public
doesn't happen a lot the art director
who obviously had some kind of an art
background looked at the same
information and maintained his original
opinion and wrapped it around and
wrapped it with word salad now my book
loser think talks about this specific
phenomenon and it talks about the the
skill stack you've you've developed and
whether or not it gives you proper
Vision into reality so that's that's the
macro theme of my book that the people
from art school probably see everything
as little bit more
connected so here's here's my hypothesis
if you're an artist the thing that makes
you art an artist is That You Don't See
clean categories you see for example you
know this thing and thing are normally
not related but the artist imagines that
they can be the artist takes things and
puts them together an artist combines
things an artist says I'll take a little
this and a little that an artist is a
conflat an artist is a combiner an
artist says everything's connected this
thing over here is going to move this
thing over here it's all one big ball of
stuff The Economist says let's let's
look at this little basket
all right I'm going to analyze this
basket by itself this basket probably
doesn't affect this basket they're just
different things right completely
different disciplines and I think that
matters all
right
um I don't know if you've been enjoying
I'm changing topics now I don't know if
you've enjoyed this as much as I have
but I'm watching the uh
anti-trumpers try to prepare themselves
and us for a Muller report that is
anti-climatic so after two years
somebody says Scott you an artist um I
actually am trained
Economist with a master's in
business uh and I do art as well so uh
but I'm a bad artist in terms of art I'm
I'm a pretty bad one so I'm watching the
uh people talk about uh how the Muller
report might underperform my favorite
one oh my God it was funny and I don't
even remember who was interviewing them
but oh a Chuck Dodd so I was watching
Chuck Todd interview prit
barara now if you're new to this Chuck
Todd is a major anti-trumper it was on
this was on MSNBC which is a major
anti-trump
Network um pre barara was fired by Trump
and is another major anti-trumper who
has been saying for I don't know how
long
that and he's you know a lawyer so he's
been saying for how long that Trump is
in big trouble for probably collusion I
don't know if he talked about collusion
but for obstruction of justice and so so
barara and I'm I'm going to try to
paraphrase as best I can the situation
Bara was indicating that we might be you
know disappointed he didn't use that
word but there might not be much in the
Mueller report Chuck Todd was pushing
back at that saying yeah but maybe not
the collusion but certainly the
obstruction and then Chuck Todd went
through the laundry list of well he
fired Comey he did this he did that
don't those all prove
obstruction and then and one of the
funniest things I've ever SE seen on
television this
anti-trump
prosecutor guy who's been saying Trump's
in trouble
forever says looks at Chuck Dodd he says
well I don't think I ever said there was
enough to indict him on
[Laughter]
obstruction and you can see the you
could see the the life drained out of
Chuck Todd when he realized that pre
barara was was saying I never said there
was enough to indict
him so this is after Todd had had gone
through the laundry list and his own guy
pre barara was like well not much
there because barara is no doubt getting
getting
prepared to be you know totally
humiliated in terms of this uh Muller
thing now let's make some
guesses about whether Trump knows what
the Muller report will be do you think
Trump already knows that the Muller
report will be a dud well let's look at
the evidence
I don't know the answer but let's look
at the evidence number one Trump has
surprisingly too many of you but less
surprising to me has said that he would
like the entire Muller report released
but it's up to the attorney general now
what do you make of
that Trump says the whole report should
be released fooling everybody like
people weren't expecting that right I
was expecting it a little bit but
generally it wasn't expected
Trump is a good
strategist there are two possibilities
one there's stuff in there that's really
bad in which case it's going to come out
right if there's stuff in it that's bad
it's going to come out it's going to be
public if there's stuff in there that's
not bad well then it doesn't matter if
it comes out comes out or not in fact
it'd be better if it's comes out so
Trump has taken the only smart approach
which I have to admit was a little
nonobvious until recently
like honestly until he did it I didn't
realize how smart it was he takes a
position that of course everybody wants
to see it because first of all it makes
him look
innocent I think the report itself is
going to make him look innocent as well
but even if there's a little bit in
there that's negative you know maybe in
in the margins there's a little bit
something that he wouldn't like he's
still way better off releasing it all
and just taking the head on whatever the
little stuff is now
do we think that he has a
preview of the report well I think it's
unlikely that anybody in an official
capacity has met with the president and
said I'm going to give you a whole
preview here's what's in the report you
know you don't have to worry about it so
you might as well say you can you might
as well release it I don't think so I
don't think that's happened but here's
what I think might have happened and I
and this is specul only speculation and
it's based on just being alive and
living in the real world and not only
being alive and living in the real world
but being in many situations in which I
was trying to deduce what some group who
had a secret was really thinking right
so I've sort of been in this situation
here's how I think it went and I'm going
to tell you uh um this is an example
story I'm not saying this happened I'm
saying probably happened so I'll I'll
put a probably on this some version of
what I'm going to describe probably
happened and it would have gone like
this it would have started with let's
say Rudy Giuliani contacting somebody in
Muller's office and saying can you give
us a preview of what's in that report
and of course the person in Muller's
office would say no I cannot give you a
preview so I'm going to take as a given
that there's nobody in Muller's office
who has leaked it in any kind of detail
I think that's probably a good bet
because they haven't leaked up till now
leaking would be deadly I mean it would
be bad for them they'd go to jail
there's no reason to do it so I would
say it's very unlikely that they've
leaked in a direct way but here's the
fun
part let's say you're
Giuliani and or you're one of the other
lawyers for the president and you're
pretty
smart so I'll start with that you're
smart you've lived in the real world you
know things and you know how things work
if I were them if I were Giuliani this
is what I'd do I'd go to my contact on
the Muller investigation by now they
know each other pretty well because
they've had to have lots of contacts and
I would say I know you can't tell me
what the Muller investigation details
are but wait for it I've been asked to
put together a a legal budget for the
White House house for the coming year
and of course the legal budget would be
far higher if there's something negative
in that report than if there
isn't so for just budgeting purposes you
don't have to tell me anything that's in
the report but for budgeting purposes
should I budget a big
number or should I budget a small
number and then the Mueller person looks
at him and he thinks uh uh I can't tell
him that exactly because that would be
very close to it wouldn't be the same
but it would be very close to saying
what the report says which is
nothing so the meller guy pushes back he
goes I you I can't do that then Rudy or
one of the other lawyers because they're
smart and they've lived in the real
world they say the
following this isn't a normal
situation we're talking about the
effectiveness of the president of the
United States we're talking about a
president who's trying to keep North
Korea's nuclear weapons at Bay we're
talk talking about a president who's
trying to deal with China and get a deal
we're talking about a China a president
who's dealing with the most critical
issues in the
world in the world and he's much less
effective if he has to worry about this
stuff all a m asking is for the benefit
of the country that you just tell me if
I should budget a lot for legal defense
or I should budget
low now you're that contact in the
Muller
Department you understand the argument
you're not an idiot you don't want bad
things for the country you don't want
that you could hate this president but
you don't want bad things for the
country and you do understand the point
that this President is highly degraded
by dealing with this thing which you
know is
nothing what do you answer to Rudy
juliani then you say
Rudy I can't tell you anything it it
would be a breach of Ethics a breach of
everything if I if I gave you any
information about this
but if you budgeted
low you should not expect to feel bad
about it
see what I'm talking
about almost certainly the president's
lawyers could get somebody in Muller's
uh uh group who actually knows what's
happening could get them to say you
should be worried about it enough to
budget for it or maybe don't don't put a
budget together you just you know maybe
minimize
that anyway so I'm not going to say that
that exact scenario played out what I'm
going to say is that that there are lots
of ways to
deduce the severity of it without
actually the information being given and
and the lawyers for the president are
absolutely smart enough to do that and
the Muller people are absolutely smart
enough not to tell them details I
believe that you know I have pretty I
have a pretty high opinion of their
professionalism
um so I think the president knows he's
not in trouble and so he can say uh I'd
love to have all that information come
out it makes him look less you know
makes him look innocent but he can also
rely on Bob bar to stop anything from
coming out if maybe it's bad so he still
has he still has the ultimate um Dodge
if needed if needed the Bob bar could
always say well I can't release this
part because it's confidential or
something all right um let's change the
uh let's change the conversation to
climate change and I've got two
additions that I don't think you've seen
before so starting with this uh for
background if anybody's new to this I I
I started a many months long deep dive
into climate change and to try to figure
out what's going on so I'm I'm
legitimately on the fence in terms of
knowing whether it's a huge disaster
coming or no big deal I can't tell
because the people communicating it are
not reliable for a number of different
reasons in other words both the Skeptics
and the climate scientists are
presenting their information
collectively I'm not talking about any
one person I assume that there are
credible people on both sides but if you
look at collectively their arguments
most of it is garbage on both sides so
I've concluded for sure that there's
massive misrepresentation and lying on
both the climate side ins side but also
the
Skeptics which doesn't mean that we
don't have to worry about climate change
it doesn't mean that at all because 75%
of everything you hear about climate
change could be false let's say the
models are not that accurate let's say
some of the measurements you know are
not that accurate Etc but as long as 25%
of it that gets to the heart of it is
true well you still have a big problem
even if 75% of it is is BS and L
typically and many of you don't know
this I think half of all um published
peer-reviewed scientific studies
eventually get debunked half so if that
if that ratio held for climate science
even if it were all true half of the
studies about it would be false which
would be completely normal then over
time they get replaced with better
studies that's how science works so the
fact that I'm saying there's massive
deceit
on both the climate scientist side and
the Skeptics of those same people
doesn't mean anything it doesn't tell
you anything about How likely the truth
is on either side all we know is that
there's massive lying on both sides that
that that part is a preliminary
conclusion but here's the question what
would what would your strategy be what's
the best strategy if you knew climate
science was a big
problem and here I want to make a
analogy right so you can imagine imagine
a hypothetical situation in which you
had four countries let's say it's a it's
a world with only four countries just
hypothetically and let's say that they
all decided to go to war with each other
until only one was left so all everybody
is fighting everybody so that's the
imaginary
scenario but you have the best
military and let's say before has the
worst has the worst military what is the
strategy that each of these entities
should use well the obvious strategy if
you have the worst military and
everybody is fighting everybody is to
try to find a partner you're going to
try to partner up but let's say I'll
just make this a little more interesting
let's say there's no partnering um it's
an artificial situation in which nobody
can partner somebody said Game of
Thrones that's exactly where this is
coming from um so so my situation is
everybody's going to fight everybody and
nobody can partner so somebody's just
going to be last country standing if you
are the strongest military what's your
best strategy anybody you're the
strongest
military but everybody's going to fight
everybody until it's all over what's
your best strategy
stay out of
it stay out of it because the less you
can
Engage The weaker your enemies will get
fighting each other right absolutely and
and and I would argue that no one would
argue with this point I mean there might
be situations where you could do some
limited attack and you know it' be such
a mismatch that you should do it but
generally you want these people to all
fight with each other until there's
nothing left and then you come in does
that sound
familiar it's World War II do you know
why the United States was so effective
entering World War II it's because the
sides that were already there were
decimated decimated is the wrong word
because that means only taken down by
10% but
Germany had you know taken a lot of hits
from the the European forces the
resistance so now let's take this to
climate um now I will I will caution you
that I'm not saying that um I'm not
telling you that war Theory translates
directly to climate this is just
a let's say just to get your mind
thinking a certain way so this is not
supposed to persuade you about climate
make your climate decision
separately so situation with climate is
that if the climate scientist majority
is correct and that there's a big
problem coming they also say that that
problem will primarily come from
China and from India and from some of
the less developed
countries what is our best strategy if
it's true let's say that climate science
is a disaster coming and let's say that
China and India and other countries um
and whatever develops next are going to
be the prime drivers of that problem
what's your best
play well in a perfect world you would
join hands with China and India and you
would sing
Kum
Kum and then because you're such good
friends and you get to get along so well
you would coordinate a global effort in
which all of you would act in unison as
friends do
Kum k
and you would solve climate change
problems wouldn't that be
great that's not going to happen so
let's say you're living in the real
world not the unicorns and rainbows and
Kumbaya world where China is going to
pursue its best interests India is going
to pursue its National best interest and
everybody else is going to pursue their
own best interest and they're not going
to grab hands with you and sing kumaya
no freaking
way that's kind of the world we live in
isn't it in a world in which everybody
is just going to do their own
thing shouldn't we stay out of
it because to get into it you know the
Battle of worldwide climate
change would weaken our
economy and almost certainly not work
that's what the experts say
because if China and India don't do
their thing it doesn't really matter
what we do but if we stay out of it we
can keep our economy strong and because
we're a very capable technological High
economy country we have a good
government I know it seems hard to
believe that but compared to other
countries we have a relatively
functional
government what would be the impact of
climate change on the United States
could be bad right could be bad but
guess what the United States could
handle it we can handle
disasters we we can get out of the way
in time because we see them coming we
can build better buildings we can
fortify against floods we can re
relocate entire populations if we need
to we can grow indoors we we could
replace outdoor growing in five
years yeah maybe not but if if we made
it a national priority you could create
indoor Farms that pretty much get you
almost all the way there so the United
States as a
strategy if you if you borrow from the
concept of uh you know war strategy it
seems like keeping ourselves strong
while the other countries are their
economies are being destroyed is
actually our best
strategy now I would love to hear you
know smarter people talk more about this
because I'm obviously simplifying to the
point of maybe maybe simplifying beyond
the point where it's even
rational but it does seem to me that we
can protect ourselves in this war
against the climate better than all the
other countries somebody says what about
the moral aspects the moral way to
approach it is to keep working on the
technology that you could make available
to the other countries should they want
to use it but you can't make the other
countries use it that's that's the trick
you can't make other countries do it and
that's not going to change you can make
it possible for them to do it and that
would be the moral thing to do but you
can't make them do it if you could then
you we could talk about that
so my current thinking is that from a
war strategy perspective even if climate
change is all of the risk that the
scientists are saying it would still
make sense for the United States to not
get involved in anything that's risky to
our economy in the short term you know
any any major dislocation to our economy
in the shortterm is probably and and
very highly probable uh the worst uh
strategy decision you could make um so
that's the first thing here's the second
part and by the way does anybody
disagree with that I'm seeing I'm seeing
literally no disagreement in the
comments but I don't know if that means
anything now here's the fun
part let's decide if climate change is
even a problem so I told you I was doing
a deep dive to try to figure out why it
is that the Skeptics and scientists who
say that there's a big problem can't
find middle ground and there are two
claims that I've I've uh focused on
because they seem to be the the simple L
skeptical arguments and if they're wrong
they're the easiest to
disprove and weirdly as easy as these
would be to disprove it's very much like
the fine people problem so I believe
that the same um false memory cognitive
distance that applied to the Fine people
hoax is probably very much applying to
The
Climate um situation meaning that
neither side would be capable of
changing their opinion even if facts
were presented I don't think I think
people are too locked into their mental
models at this point so I've tried to
see how how how could I find the one
lever the one fact the one
claim that if you could prove it you
would have your answer and if you could
disprove it it would just kill the
Skeptics and the Skeptics would be
debunked there are two charts I've seen
that I do not claim to be accurate there
are two skeptical arguments that I've
seen a number of times which seem the
strongest I would like to see them
debunked all right so I've asked on
Twitter can anybody debunk these and it
got real
quiet so these are the ones that I'm
watching one of them and and these are
just my own versions of them one of them
is this claim and I think it's uh uh
you'll remind me in the comments who
made this claim but if you look at so so
apparently the top 31 countries in the
world have their own climate models and
you say to yourself well if there are
all these different climate models maybe
nobody knows anything but the claim is
that 30 or so of the models are in this
same range they're different but they
all say that we're in big trouble
because CO2 is making it too warm
slightly different rates but they're
they're all heading toward Doom so if
these are correct or even any one of
them is correct we're
doomed and I think what they do is they
pick an average of these and they say
all right it's this one in the middle is
the average and it shows we're doomed
that's the story but you notice this one
little out lier here and of all the
models there's only one of them that's
different than the rest apparently this
is the Russian model now what's
different about the Russian model as I
understand it this is a very approximate
understanding is that there's one key
variable that they include that the
other ones um treat differently and it's
easy to measure which one of them is the
accurate way to go it turns out to be
the Russian model so if you believe the
skeptical argument and I'm not taking
that argument I'm just presenting it if
you believe it the Russian model matches
observation and also predicts that we
don't have a problem
uh all of the models including the
Russian model match to the Past in other
words if you run it against past data
they all they all seem to predict or at
least follow the temperature line it's
only when you get to the present and
then predict the future where they
diverge so if this model if this is true
I would say the Russian model has
disproved climate change as a gigantic
risk but it still says the temperature
is going up just not in a end of the
world
way so if this model is true I would say
um we should be looking at the Russian
model because it's the only one that
predicted the past it's the only one
also that has predicted the last several
years and that's important I should have
put that on there so if you look at I I
I label this inaccurately future well
let's say this the recent past the
Russian model has correctly predicted
and it's the only one so my my graph is
inaccurate here but I understand the
Russian model is the only one that got
the last I don't know 10 years or
whatever correct and it's the only one
that uses the correct inputs and I think
those are two known facts that's the
part you need to fact checking on so if
this is true climate change has largely
been debunked not
100% but you'd have to stop caring about
it as much if that were true now here's
another one and again this is my version
of the graph this is not not intended to
be exact but the skeptical claim is
made that if you start at the 1900s and
go to now and you look at the
temperatures that it it looks roughly
like this the temperatures were going up
there was a period where they flattened
or maybe fell a little bit and then
there's now and the Skeptics say if the
CO2 has been raising Rising this entire
time
um it was low here but it's higher here
why do we have the same rate
here as we have with much higher CO2
when nothing else much has changed and
so they say the the primary claim that
we're in an unusual uh an unusual
warming is debunked by your own
data moreover you really have to add
this to this both of these to say that
CO2 did not predict either
one all right
so uh but is that is that graph accurate
I saw Richard lindsen refer to something
similar to that so and he's he knows
what he's talking about so it's not it's
not a crazy graph there's at least one
person working in the field who says yes
this is the actual data here it is now
did the Russian
model did the Russian model predict
this here's the fun
part
yes it did how about these models how
about the other 30 models did did they
predict
this not so much not so much now I just
made some claims that I do not know are
true I know that these are the skeptical
claims and I'm presenting you I'm
presenting them to as as the claims of
other people I do not have a way to put
a um a reliability on them or any kind
of assessment of likelihood I'm just
telling you these are the arguments now
if these arguments are wrong how easy
would it be to debunk them see that's
that's where I'm getting I'm I'm trying
to pick things that would be definitive
if they were true or close to
definitive but also easy to debunk if
they are to be debunked so wouldn't it
be easy to say no here are the official
numbers it doesn't even look like that
wouldn't that be easy all it would take
is somebody who is a climate scientist
to say oh I don't know where you got
these numbers that's those are not even
the official numbers it's really more
like this or something else that's all
it would take I I've made this so easy
that you could debunk it just by showing
me the temperature I don't need to be a
scientist I don't need to be involved in
climate scientist I just need a climate
scientist to say no that they didn't use
the right numbers the real temperature
isn't that at all that that's it that
would put it to bed haven't seen it
still
waiting likewise I need somebody to say
that Russian model that's wrong because
they do X or Y that's all I mean I could
probably easily be convinced that the
Russian model is just you know Russian
BS how hard how hard would it be to
convince me that the Russians do not
have a reliable model when their primary
business is selling oil right keep in
mind it's kind of a coincidence that
this that this big oil State doesn't see
climate change as a big problem I mean
is that a coincidence I mean you have to
you have to factor that in so I make no
claim that these arguments are valid I
simply present them as the the simplest
to understand and the simplest to debunk
I put both of them into the Wilds of
Twitter and I wait and I have not seen
anything like a
debunking but maybe I'll see that by
today all right uh I wanted to give one
other update on the fine people hoax um
some some very industrious people who
have been following this uh one in
particular has gone to uh Wikipedia to
try to edit the Wikipedia page that
indicated that the fine people quote was
talking about the racist to edit it to
be more accurate to say that um he
excluded them with specific language he
excluded the races so the first several
times that the correct information was
put into Wikipedia it was re-edited out
back to the false version within 7
minutes
minutes each
time so and keep in mind that these
edits were uh they were accompanied with
the actual
transcript and the actual video so links
to them so there isn't any question on
the
facts they're they're very objective and
yet Wikipedia's editors changed the
correct fact or the wrong fact several
times Within
and let me give you the uh the exact
Twitter handle of the person who is
making this happen right
now and I'll give you an update because
there's there's more happening on that
um so I'm talking about uh un unstable
2016 so unstable
2016 um is driving this and then other
people have have come in on both sides
and then I guess with Wikipedia when
there's a disagreement the disagreement
gets elevated to what's called a talk
page and that's where everybody puts
their comments um outside of the page
itself where they can talk it out the
editors can argue and then they can come
to some agreement on The Talk page and
then it then ideally it becomes a final
edit so it's been elevated to the talk
page and in the meantime the page was
frozen which makes sense you want to
free the page while everybody's arguing
about it so that part's fine um in the
meantime I contacted Jimmy Wales who is
founder of
Wikipedia this is one of the great
things about Twitter you know it's hard
to even think back in the old days but
in in 2019 I can have a question about
Wikipedia and within 30 seconds I can
send a message via Twitter because we
follow each other Jimmy Wales and I
and
uh and he got he got back to me and he
said he would look into it so the head
of Wikipedia the founder uh the boss of
it all said he would look into it so he
looked into it today and since I first
contacted him one of the one of the
Acura edits had been sticking so there
was an Acura edit in there saying that
he excluded the races from the fine
people and gave the actual quote but I
think there was some more cont text that
was a little bit ambiguous so there was
still some more
conversation so Jimmy Wales looked into
it I me just think about this just just
for a moment think about this that that
the founder of
Wikipedia responded to me directly and
fairly quickly given all the things he
has to do looked into it
personally um saw that he came into it
at a point when the conversation had had
been elevated to the talk page he
checked the talk
and he got back to me he said um it
looks like it's heading in the right
direction in other words it looks like
it's sorting itself out in the way you'd
want it to so he said maybe maybe I
won't put my foot on you know I won't uh
I forget what he used but he didn't want
to weigh in because he's sort of the big
gorilla you know if if Jimmy Wales
weighs in on a topic on Wikipedia
everybody's going to stop and it's going
to be about him and so he he quite
wisely in my opinion decided to to stand
back and just monitor for a while
because it looks like it's moving in the
right directions um I'll check back on
that
today uh but it looks like the corrected
edit is sticking now that creates an
interesting situation because Wikipedia
will have a different
reality with complete you know it'll
have links to the actual sources so you
can check that reality which will be
different from the reported reality on
TV uh so if I'm nothing I'm not
uh
um I sometimes say I would hate to be on
the other side for me on anything
because I'm just too damn stubborn to
give up on
stuff so um the interesting thing about
this story is the the false memory part
of it I I promise you that I know more
than you do about why the why the media
is treating it the way they are and as
far as I can tell it's because they
really believed it like many of you are
still believing that they're they're
just liars supporting aside but on this
one topic I'm I'm personally quite
convinced that they actually believed it
was true the way they were reporting it
all right uh
so there you have it and I think I've
talked enough and I will talk to you
later