Bombo
alright if you get in here early you are
going to enjoy the rare treat of a
multiple simultaneous sip I don't do
this often but when I do it's gonna fry
your brain grab your cup your mug your
vessel your stein your glass fill it
with the beverage of your choice I like
coffee and raise it to your lips for the
simultaneous sip you know there's more
where that came from
well let's talk about the Saudi Arabia
and the Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman
let's just call him the crown prince yes
Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman so what
you're wondering is did he lie to the
president did he lie to President Trump
when he said he didn't know anything
about it
and did President Trump believe him well
let me give you some answers to the
question now I can't read minds and I
wasn't there so I can't know with a
hundred percent certainty what this
situation is but I'm going to describe
to you and alternate theory compared to
the two you've heard and you'd be you
decide for yourself if I'm wrong about
this I would be so surprised we'll never
know but if I'm wrong I would be really
surprised so first of all if you watch
CNN there they're using careful wording
but they're saying things such as
President Trump seems to believe Saudi
Arabia's denial President Trump believes
I don't know if they've said the leaves
directly or they say he seems to believe
or he acts like he believes Prince bin
Salman
does that mean the president Trump
believes him
now president Trump has never said what
he believes that is not in evidence what
President Trump has done as you said
that Mohammed bin Salman Prince the
Crown Prince denies it
so he's simply explaining what he said
and he's not adding his opinion so do we
know the president's opinion because he
hasn't spoken it and the answer is this
is diplomacy in diplomacy you never know
what somebody's opinion is you only know
what they're doing all right so here's
the explanation of what I think happened
there are two stories or two versions of
reality out there and I think they're
both ridiculous one is that the crown
prince of Saudi Arabia didn't know
anything about this
the situation with shogi being allegedly
killed and dismantled and put in plastic
bags and and removed from the Turkish
embassy so it seems impossible that you
wouldn't know on the other hand how
likely is it well said and the other
story is that that he didn't know all
right so he's not saying he knows but
the other story is that he's just lying
so you have two versions one is he
totally knew because of course he knew
it was a major deal
he's the head they know everything
that's going on the Security Service
isn't going to act without approval so
of course he knew and then the other is
you know he didn't know yeah there was
some kind of rogue activity it seems to
me that both of those hypotheses are
possible
they're both possible but compare it to
the version I'm going to give you now so
here's the version that I think is most
likely and it's based on just now how
any big organization works and Saudi
Arabia is a big organization here's how
it works this is you could call this the
Dilbert filter
you have a boss who has an opinion about
his critics he may or may not have
spoken specifically about chesh Oggy but
everyone around him including the head
of his security forces etc would
absolutely know what he thought and felt
and preferred about the fate of his
critics they would know for example that
his first choice would be to co-opt them
to find a way to buy them off find to
find a way to maybe nudge them maybe
maybe threaten them softly maybe incent
them in some way maybe bring them into
the inner circle but to somehow control
them so they would have known that in a
general way Prince Ben Salman wanted to
control his critics and the first choice
would be peacefully of course
right if you could do it peacefully why
the hell wouldn't you so that part seems
pretty reasonable right and it's
reasonable that his security forces
would know his preferences now is it
likely that the prince was involved in
detailed planning of a murder do you
think he ever sat in a room and said
look we're going to need two planes you
know make sure they can't be tracked
we've got you know put together a team I
got I've got a list I want you to bring
you know IMed and you know Bob and you
know I don't know what their names are
but here are some good guys you're gonna
need one a you're gonna need maybe a you
know a cleaner-upper a fixer you can
need a trigger guy he'd may be a
torturer you know but you can't really
see that right you can't imagine that
the crown prince was involved in
detailed planning right and so far I
think we're all the same page it's very
unlikely he was involved in detailed
planning but it is also a hundred
percent likely that his security forces
know what his preferences are now what
is the price of failure if you're an
Saudi Arabia's
your divorce and you know the boss wants
you to find a way to make your biggest
critic ineffective
well failure is kind of a bad deal right
you don't want to be the underling that
failed even if there was no direct order
you know you're supposed to make these
things happen
you don't need details so here's what I
think I think it is ridiculous
not impossible but very unlikely that
the prince knew there was a plan to kill
this guy in the embassy and cut him up
and remove him that doesn't seem likely
and the reason is that I don't think
he's that dumb it's the sort of thing an
underling decides to do because the
underling is trapped in other words the
underling needs to make something good
happen with Jay shogi but all of the
peaceful co-opting mechanisms are either
ineffective or they know they won't work
or they've you know they've they've run
that to the end and they know that they
might only have one chance to physically
get a hold of him on Saudi soil and the
embassy is savvy soil so it feels
exactly like an underling decision
somebody high up enough that they could
put together a team and they had the
budget and all that but could it be true
that the prince had no idea this was
going to happen answer absolutely
absolutely
now it could be just a simple case of
deniability you know the you know it
could be that he did sort of know the
broad strokes he might not have known
the day maybe he didn't know the details
but I think it's even more likely that
he just told his underlings to take care
of it and he didn't probably didn't have
a deadline probably didn't have a
specific plan probably didn't want to
hear a specific plan of his own
had one you know if it was something you
might not like and my guess is that when
he describes this as a rogue operation
that's close to true meaning that he did
they did not have orders from him at
least not specific orders and when he
says it was an interrogation that was
botched is that accurate
well if you're the Prince and you told
your guys take care of this critic but
maybe you know make sure you've done
everything you can to do it in a you
know in a peaceful way that doesn't have
any blowback and then you hear imagine
you're the prince and you hear the news
that a team of your guys just got caught
dismantling a prominent and critic in
your embassy I'm imagine how he felt
when he got that news do you think he
said to himself oh my god I got caught
I'll bet not I'll bet he said oh my
Rikin lord or whatever they however they
swear I'll bet he said to himself if
anybody had told me they were even going
to try this in the embassy that he
probably would have called it off so
when he calls it a botched interrogation
it's definitely botched from his
perspective and I doubt he gave specific
orders but is he completely in the clear
well if he suggested that they take care
of this problem and he didn't want to
hear the details and he knew who he was
talking to in other words he was talking
to people who when you say take care of
somebody they know how to take care of
them if you know what I mean is there
any precedent for this defense yes there
is and I have a personal connection to
it which is weird I know a co-worker of
mine back in my corporate days Mike
Goodwin wrote a book about his father's
experience in World War
he was a navy flier and he was shot down
and captured by the Japanese so this is
world war two and it's the middle of the
war and he's captured by the Japanese
so my coworker put together the story of
how his father was beheaded for
entertainment for the troops the
Japanese troops would take out some
Americans and just it was sort of like
they didn't have entertainment so they
were tie him to a pole after they'd make
them dig their own grave and then
they've whacked their heads off and then
the head would fall in a poked a little
thing and then they'd kick the body and
it was sort of a ceremonial fun thing
that got the troops going now when the
war was over the people who ran this
prison camp were of course brought up on
you know war crimes and what was the
defense of the the war crimes defender
yeah what was his defense it was this he
said we got an order from the top that
said to and I think the word in Japanese
with a show button shob when I might
have that wrong but I think his show bun
so the order was show button which is
something like take care of them
see the problem take care of them is
completely context dependent so the the
people who murdered the American
prisoners for entertainment its Shogun
somebody saying Shogun that might be
right so the the people at the camp who
murdered for entertainment said we were
just following orders
our boss said take care of them so we
took care of them what what else would
that mean of course that's what that
means and then when the boss was put on
trial he said predictably I just said
take care of them it's a prison camp we
take care of them
I didn't know they were gonna kill him
now because it was a war crime and
because the Japanese were on the losing
side there wasn't much doubt about which
way that your verdict was going to go if
you know what I mean so they were found
guilty of war crimes and punished
somehow but there is precedent for the
idea that there could be ambiguity from
the top guy to the people who are you
know using the sword so it's almost
certainly going to morph into one of
those situations where I would say that
the odds that the Crown Prince
authorized this specific act meaning the
murder of this guy in the embassy I
would personally put close to zero
because the cost/benefit would just be
stupid for the prince
all right so here's an important
consideration right the prince's
cost-benefit analysis is different from
an underlings cost-benefit analysis
because the underling can not only get
fired but executed right I mean if you
if you really mess up it's a bad penalty
so you know you're gonna do anything you
can to get the job done and you're to
going to take a higher level risk so if
you told me that an underling who had
great pressure to solve this problem or
wanted to stand out or did something
else if you told me an underling took an
oversized risk and this was definitely
an oversized risk I would say I can see
that happening you know an underling
would have pressure that might cause
them to make a an unwise cost-benefit
decision that might have been actually
just their best choice for the underling
but if you're telling me that the Crown
Prince knew this plan and knew that this
guy was going to be dismembered in the
you know in the embassy I would say
there's very little chance of that
because his cost-benefit analysis was
different and he sure that you would be
better off keeping the critic
then to have any chance that this would
happen and if you you know if you tell
me we're getting dismembered somebody in
the middle of a city with all these
witnesses 20 witnesses or whatever by
the time you count the staff and the
embassy plus the 15 people who went in
you know plus the girlfriend who was on
the street there's a ton of witnesses
right it's all kinds of witnesses so if
you tell me the crown prince took that
chance and thought that was a smart play
you also have to tell me he's an idiot
is he now if if the news was that the
crown prince was just an idiot then I'd
say well yeah idiots do any of things
but the evidence is exactly the opposite
the evidence is that he's actually a
skilled operator I'll be a young so it
just doesn't make sense of something
that you know even even if you factor in
youth it doesn't make sense for him to
do it but it makes sense an underling
would do it he was a potential political
rival and they wanted him go on yeah I
know that they had some benefit from
having him gone that is not in dispute
what I'm saying is that the cost-benefit
analysis of doing it in the way they did
it would not have made sense for the
leader but it might have made sense
might have made sense for an underling
who was kinda rogue but kinda not rogue
because the underlying thought they were
doing what was best for the leader just
leader didn't specifically ask him to do
that that would be a perfectly
reasonable explanation of any large
organization now I ask yourself as
anybody explained this to you that way
what now let me ask let's get some
feedback now that I've explained it that
way
am I wrong there everything makes sense
now that doesn't mean I'm right I'm just
saying that this explanation I gave you
fits the data fits well we know
the world the best which doesn't make it
right there could be some other
explanation or you know some combination
of explanations right doing it on their
turf is not smart and that's the key to
my opinion there's a what all right it's
more plausible yeah and the I'm just
looking at your comments yes probably
wrong full slag you know it's
directionally correct
was horseface to distract from the Saudi
Arabia thing I would say yes I think
it's never one thing you know I think
the president's tweet about stormy
Daniels and the horseface comment I do
think it was meant to change the focus
there's something silly and also focus
on the fact that he won the court case
at the same time they were beating him
up for saying an insulting thing so yeah
that was intentional but I also think
there were other reasons you know one is
that he tweets on things that matter he
tweets anything that's a victory so it's
not it's never one reason but certainly
that was one of the benefits somebody
says he clearly could not order the
assassination of a high-profile person
and deny it I'm saying that all of the
possibilities that have been discussed
are actually plausible it's plausible
that the the Prince ordered the hit and
then just lied about it it's plausible
but you have to compare the the odds of
it to the other alternatives and the the
odds that he had nothing to do with it
not even indirectly or in a vague
connection this also seems low but the
odds that he expressed a preference and
an underling botched botched something
seems pretty likely
alright I'm gonna get off now and do
something else I'll talk to you later