pom pom pom pom pom pom pom pom pom hey
everybody I'm coming to you a little bit
a little bit earlier than usual and
although it's early we can compensate
for that earliness with with that's
right coffee coffee with scott adams and
the simultaneous hip possibly the best
part of your day but I hope it gets even
better after this are you ready for the
simultaneous hip
Oh
good stuff well we have many topics many
topics so let's just jump into them
there was a new RN C ad that is slamming
the the left for its various violent
suggestions so I'm going to play the
video you won't see it that well if you
want to see it well you can see it on my
Twitter feed I just tweeted it and let's
see let's party
[Music]
[Applause]
[Applause]
about your dad's immigration practices
you feckless Uncle Tom upper white women
who did the point on their white one way
you get rid of Trump as a crashing
economy so please bring on the recession
[Applause]
now I have I have mixed feelings about
this my first reaction was I'm not sure
this is even persuading in the right
direction but as someone a few people on
Twitter pointed out this is probably
more for the base so in other words the
point of the ad is to scare Republicans
into voting and donating I suppose so
let me tell you what it does right what
it does right is fear persuasion is
generally you know one of the most
powerful persuasions usually the most if
it's a big fear it's the most powerful
persuasion because you have to be safe
before you care about anything else so
that's good and it paints the other side
is looking bad and it gives it create
some urgency etc so that that's all good
but let me tell you what I don't like
about it it plays like it could have
been a campaign ad for either side
because when you look at it you say to
yourself that Kathy Griffin that Bill
Maher Snoop Dogg's shooting the
president
that comedian but when the left sees if
they see their favorite their favorite
people saying the things that they're
say they're thinking and the things that
they would wish would happen which is a
limousine being burned cool I'll never
have a limousine or there's my favorite
comedian and here's the worst thing it
does it clearly and unambiguously talks
about the risk of assassinating the
president you don't want to have more
attention on the thing you want less of
so that so there's a sort of a general
rule in persuasion that if you see if
you say to people don't think of an
elephant they think of an elephant so
it's the it's the focus that matters
more than the message the message was a
little
a bit conceptual we don't want we don't
want you know people like this in charge
but the focus was kill the president
kill the president and that's not really
the stuff you want out there it's
actually for the left there may be just
as many people excited by this video
it's like yeah let's burn up those
limousines etc and then there's the
footage of Maxine Waters if you look at
the footage of Maxine Waters you
probably focus on what she was saying
which was harass Trump administration
people when you see them in public but
look at the crowd around her it's very
diverse and in fact there might be you
know one or two black people even in the
crowd so in terms of a visual for Maxine
Waters it's pretty good it's pretty good
it shows inclusivity it shows her saying
things that a lot of people on her side
agree with hey let's let's stop there
was Hitler's on the right by harassing
them so I have a split opinion if it's
only purpose is to scare Republicans to
the polls and they were the only ones
who ever saw it maybe it might persuade
I'm not it's not a type of persuasion
I'm personally comfortable with but it
might be effective if however this gets
a lot of play on the other side it's
it's persuading in exactly the direction
that you wouldn't want so it's a it's a
tricky one let's talk about some that
are a little less unambiguous there's a
new video out by Netanyahu of Israel
talking directly to the Iranian people
now you did one video he's done a couple
of videos in this series right you did
one video where he showed the Iranian
nuclear secrets that Israel had somehow
acquired through I guess intelligence
means and that he did one that that one
was too
the dangers that Iran's administration
had posed and then he's done two videos
which are directly talking to the people
of Iran one was about how Israel would
like to help them with their water
shortage which apparently is quite
critical and offered maybe
desalinization technology or assistance
that sort of thing and then there's a
follow up in the same vein because the
apparently the water the the water video
just was a huge home run so I got like
six million views and there's a do you
know the telegram app it's an app used
quite often overseas especially but it's
for people to join a group where there's
a sort of a group conversation and
apparently a hundred thousand Iranian
citizens joined the telegram group that
was in the Farsi language I believe
created by Israel to help them with
their water shortage to give them ideas
on conserving and there was quite an
outcry I'll cry maybe that's the wrong
word there was a lot of thank-yous from
the Iranian people saying we don't have
any reason to be a war thank you for
acting nice you know thank you for the
the offer and now here's the follow-up
so this is really good yeah I know it's
too small it's almost impossible but the
Iranian team just did the impossible to
the Iranian people I say you showed
courage on the playing field and today's
show the same courage in the streets of
Iran Iran has many problems air
pollution water scarcity billions wasted
on terror can you imagine what would
happen if the Iranian government instead
wasting your money on Syria and Yemen
and unnecessary wars in the Middle East
but starting investing in and solving
these problems in Iran the solution to
all these problems is the Iranian people
that's why I offered medical aid to save
Iranian lives after a devastating
earthquake that's why I opened a Farsi
telegram to teach water conservation to
Iranian farmers and that's why I'll
never stop advocating for peace with the
Iranian people one day one day I'll hope
to watch Iran's soccer team go ahead to
head against Israel in a free catalog on
that day so in terms of persuasion
technique so by opening up with the
soccer hey we all like soccer kind of a
theme it's immediately bonding so
everybody who likes soccer is thinking
about soccer because the yeah the the
big games are on TV so a lot of people
have the same common focus on soccer a
thing that is you know loved around the
world he says I love soccer great job in
the team so it's a it's a tremendous
bonding kind of a thing but it's even
better than that the I've told you about
the the team let's say model so
president Trump has pushed the team
model of the world which is yes we are
going to compete against your team
meaning your country but it's going to
be more like a friendly competition more
like the World Cup then like World War
three all right and Netanyahu is using
the same framing which is yeah we might
be on a different team but we're sort of
all you know they have the big the big
picture we all want the same thing
entertainment soccer
we like the big stuff we like clean air
we like we like to save our money we
like to have had lots of water so
Netanyahu is speaking directly to the
Iranian people and he's offering them
friendship and peace and and all the
things which they might value
the the obstacle of course is their own
government but what I like about this is
that he's not prescribing how the
Iranian people work with Israel he's not
saying hey you need to overthrow your
government although clearly that's an
option he's not saying well we want to
work with your government I'm sure that
if if they suddenly became you know
flexible that Israel would work would
work with them under the right
conditions so they're not over
prescribing how Iran handles its own
business internally which is very good
smart you say you handle your business
but by the way we could be awesome
friends we can we can help you in a
variety of ways and very powerful I
would call this the the North Korea
gambit meaning you saw how President
Trump dealt with North Korea by saying
look we got two possibilities were not
friends and that's terrible
or we're friends and here's a picture of
the condos on the beach you've got a
really good future ahead of you
and we'll help being our friend is a
great deal Netanyahu is doing the same I
think the it's possible that the age of
traditional war is winding down to a you
know almost non-existent because
countries that have standing armies
fighting each other nothing good comes
from that there may be there may have
been a day when you could conquer a
country today you can sort of control it
but there's always going to be enough
people who can get enough weapons that
you're never really going to be a piece
so people are starting to rethink what's
the best way to deal with another
country if there's not really a
practical way one country is going to
take over another
you know Iran is not going to take over
Israel and survive you know that those
two things can't both happen Israel
can't and
want to take over and nobody else wants
to take over Iran either either so
there's no real taking over of countries
that's going to be happening
you know Isis tried didn't work out for
them the there there will be small
exceptions in the world
Crimea you know they're going to be
places where the argument that it's the
same country is pretty strong and
there's such an imbalance between the
big country and the tiny little country
you know so you're gonna have exceptions
where even when those happen you say to
yourself well Crimea they speak a lot of
Russian there I'm not sure you know that
that's a special case so yeah and I'm
saying that Crimea is a sort of a
special case whereas most of the cases
are not the special case a country
versus a country both with standing
armies nobody's gonna have that fight
anymore it just you can't win so I think
this is a new model the new model is
almost competitive friendship if you
will instead of competing with just
militaries I think you're gonna see
competition for allies competition for
special arrangements competition for who
can be your better friend so we could
get a better trade deal that sort of
thing it could be a good shift coming
let's talk about a few other things of
course the travel ban is in the news the
travel ban is it my imagination or is
the news fake newsing this up like crazy
now I'm talking about primarily the you
know not Fox News but the anti-trump
media here's what they're saying and I'm
not the best at remembering the details
of what happened you know a year or so
ago so fact-checking on this I see CNN
saying oh sure this travel ban might
have gotten through the the Supreme
Court barely
but remember what the president
originally said and then they play a
clip of the president saying that he
wants a total Muslim band you know quote
Muslim band I'm not sure exactly when it
was a year ago
something like that or or more a year
and a half ago and I'm thinking to
myself is it that out of context yeah
okay so this is that was the
fact-checking I was looking for my
memory was that what you said was we
want a temporary Muslim ban until and
here's the part that gets left out we
figure out what's going on yeah what the
hell is going on if you leave out the
temporary and the until we figure out
what the hell is going on you don't have
a rational connection between what
happened and what we end up with you
know where it started and where we end
up where we ended up is exactly what he
described we want to do sort of an
emergency put your finger in the dike
because we don't know what the hell the
problem is once we figure out you know
what we're dealing with we'll refine the
plan so they initially did a big sloppy
overreach of let's just ban all Muslims
because we don't know how to slice it
better but we're gonna take you know
American security first and we're gonna
worry about other people's feelings
later you know you can't say he wasn't
clear about it he said this is my
priority American safety yeah this isn't
gonna feel good for a bunch of people
but we're gonna do it anyway because
that's not my priority but he did say
we'll figure it out
now what if it what they figured out was
it's not the Muslim problem
this is what they were trying to figure
out that it's more about who's got
documentation that can either approve or
that they're safe or not yeah it's a
vetting issue so
so it seems to me that the proper
context if they were being honest about
how to describe this is that the
president overreached intentionally went
way too broad with let's just ban all
Muslims but temporarily and until we
figure out what's going on so it was
temporary now you know you could argue
that oh people are going to say well he
didn't mean it really temporary but in
fact it turned out exactly the way he
diagrammed it in the beginning it's
going to be temporary we'll figure it
out when they did figure it out they
figured certain countries should be in
some some countries around will block
you for being a bad actor so so we got
that happening so watch out for the fake
news trying to characterize his original
statement as not what it was which was a
band-aid until we figured it out and
then we figured it out let's talk about
I let let's let's talk about the idea
that the president is a authoritarian
and that he's got all these
authoritarian impulses and I was trying
to think how many examples have we seen
where he's negotiated back either
because the public wanted him to or the
courts did or the or the Congress didn't
give him what he wanted and maybe you
could help me with the list I remember
during the Kim yeah let's see
so remember he said he was going to
deport 14 million illegal or
undocumented residents of the United
States and he backed off he he backed
off on deporting the the daca folks
until till things get worked out
he has immediately pretty much
immediately responded to the public on
the children in cages stuff which of
course had been going on before him but
but worsened a great deal
just by volume of people coming in now
we see the travel ban which he started
with one ask but the court kicked the
back he rewrote it and and now we got
something that passes constitutional
muster so it seems to me what I'm
watching is a president who's respecting
the Congress he's not going crazy with
executive orders he's reducing
regulations and regulations our
government control right so if you were
to make a list of how many times as he
changed because the system has worked I
feel like I feel like you would see lots
of examples of where the system did
exactly what it's supposed to do was
shined a little light on something
people didn't like it they asked for a
change change game seems like there are
quite a few examples of that but that
could be confirmation bias as well all
right let's talk about Melania she
apparently she's taking another visit to
the the kid shelters or some of the
facilities where kids are being
captained a very good idea it's funny
it's such a simple thing yeah when I
first heard it it was like Melania is
gonna take a second trip to visit the
kids my first reaction was well that's
smart because presumably I'm guessing
she won't wear the same jacket but it'd
be funnier if she did so the second trip
tells a different story than the first
trip no you had the Jackie a problem on
the first trip presumably that will be
fixed by the second trip but also the
first trip looks like maybe that's
window dressing it's like yeah it's just
something you got to do for politics
whereas the the second trip looks more
like somebody who actually cares now I
believe she actually does care but a
second trip reinforces that message so I
could say this that that's just smart
good move
let's talk about Alexandria Kashia
Cortez who unexpectedly seeded the guy
who was number four in line for the
Democratic leadership so she's running
in her party against the Republican it
won't change the balance in Congress
because you know Democrat was gonna win
no matter what in that area but she's 28
years old and she just took out the
strongest Democrat and in the race you
know the only one who wasn't about 80
years old and was rising
you know if Pelosi you could say was
more you know more important but she's
also sort of toward the end of her reign
and he wasn't everybody is talking about
what lessons we can get from this wait
what what have we learned from this and
I'll give you some lessons that I see
number one the best candidate wins you
know you could talk all you want about
Trump and you know the party and the
change and you can talk about the
policies and everything else but head to
head she's a superstar yeah he's just a
politician you know she's a freakin
superstar
she's got the full talent stack it seems
to me I mean I don't know a lot about
her but she seems to have the you know
the the energy the youth the idea is the
you know she's just she's got the right
persuasion she's got the empathy she's
got the ethnicity she's got the right
gender I mean she's she checks somebody
boxes and I understand she's really
smart so you put all those things
together
and who the hell is going to beat that
right now if she were running in a
district that had a strong Republican it
might be a race but that's not the case
so yeah and she was running in the
district which was heavily
you know heavily diverse and the guy she
took out was sort of a relic of the past
you know old white guy her name is
Alexandria oh Casio Cortez she is
correct me if I'm using the right term
because I don't know the right term here
Puerto rican-american is there a correct
term I want to make sure I haven't said
something accidentally racist but I
think that's is that even the right term
so she's sort of got everything working
for and it doesn't it shouldn't surprise
you this you want now if you're going to
take that message and say all right
we've learned a lot now this will tell
us something about you know the midterms
of a few traces I don't think so I don't
think it told you anything about the
other races you know why because she's
only in this race there's only one of
her if they had lots of her they'd be
winning everything you know if if the
Republicans had one of her you know
different policies but one of her she'd
do really well does she's just a strong
candidate she'd have to have different
policies to run as a Republican so just
looking at my list of things I wanted to
talk about today
now she reminds me of by my challenge
for someone to describe open borders in
a way that actually makes sense she
wants to eliminate ice well how would
you even do that you know if you
eliminate ice you're really that's sort
of just open borders right I mean not
exactly but it kind of gets there and
does it seem to you that nobody can
define open borders that it just doesn't
even have a meaning you know I think
when people on the Left talk about it
they just mean a kinder gentler process
that's as fair as it can be
you know and lesson people don't old
until we reach some critical mass you
know just sort of a general notion of
fairness whereas the on the right when
they hear open borders it's like well
just walk away from the border and let
everybody in you know how's that going
to work so there's no definition for it
so it's hard for me to figure out
whether I like it or don't because I
heard one economist describe open
borders as a place where people would
legally get permits to work but wouldn't
have other rights as Americans in other
words they couldn't vote but they would
have the rights under the law and that
it would all be legal and we know who
everybody was and you know the American
companies would get their workers but
they wouldn't overstay you know and that
that would be somebody's version of open
borders
well if that's what it is as it's
virtually a Republican plan yeah and
then somebody says but that's not open
borders but here's the thing there is no
definition for this open borders thing
everybody is really talking about a
different thing and imagining that the
other people are you're thinking of that
same thing yeah it's not a real debate
let me say it as clearly as possible the
open borders versus non open borders
debate is a completely phony debate it's
phony because nobody having that
conversation even knows what it means
you're debating over over what not even
knowing what you're talking about
somebody says no it's pretty obvious
what I'm telling you is that everyone
thinks it's obvious what it means but
they don't have the same idea what it
means everybody is just as sure
[Music]
everybody's just as sure but they're not
just as right all right I'm gonna need
to go and do something else it means not
caring about our borders yeah you see
everybody has a different idea what that
means
can't find a solution when we can't
agree what the problem is correct
all right I'm gonna go I've been told
that when I sign off there's a clipping
that happens so the last few the last
part of my sentence gets clipped off if
I just say goodbye it and then hit off
so I'm gonna say goodbye and then
there's going to be this awkward pause