hey everybody come on in yeah it's time
for a coffee with Scott Adams and the
simultaneous it then you came to the
right place because if you'd like to
enjoy the simultaneous if all you need
is a cup of margaret glass a tanker
channel sir stein the canteen jerker
flask a vessel of any kind fill it with
your favorite liquid I like coffee and
join me now for the unparalleled
pleasure that you dopamine it of the day
the thing that makes everything better
including pandemics it's called the
simultaneous up go mm-hmm extra good
little extra did today well let's talk
about stuff number one how in the world
is our government going to reopen the
economy in any kind of a rational way
without telling overweight people to
stay home how does that work exactly
because it would be easy if the
government said hey if you have one of
these health conditions you know you're
let's say you have diabetes or asthma
you should stay home for a few months
and I would be in that category and I
would say okay that's that's pretty
objective
it seems fair based on data I think I'll
stay home but what happens if the
government says if you're fat you ought
to stay home you can't go to work I mean
you could but it'd be bad for the
country if you did because your weight
would make you extra likely to end up in
the ICU which would be a problem for our
healthcare system so please if you're
overweight don't go to work it's a real
question I'm not saying this to be funny
I don't know how a country
tells people to stay home if they're
overweight and if they don't if whatever
you know guidelines command of the next
phase I'm assuming that the guidelines
for going back to work whenever that
happens will be some kind of a filtered
system where it's not everybody it's the
people who are safe how are you - tell
fat people not to go to work I mean
seriously how are you gonna do that
I'm not joking I'm not making fun of
anybody for their weight I don't do that
I'm just saying how do you do that just
from a policy practical perspective I
don't know how that's gonna work all
right let's talk about the models
everybody wants to talk about the models
that are so darn wrong so let me ask you
this do a little math what percentage of
the total population of the country is
New York City well I have the answer
it's about 2.6 percent of the whole
country now I'm just talking about raw
population so of the whole country in
New York City is 2.6 percent of all the
people so what would happen if the rest
of the country experienced infection
rates like New York City now I'll get to
the point where you say there's a
different density in the rest of the
country is different so I'll address
that but just let's do the math first
and then we'll address adjust it so if
the rest of the country got infections
let's say in the same ratio as New York
City I'm not saying they will I'm just
bear with me until I make my larger
point but if they did how many people
would die in the whole country if the
whole country became similar to New York
City and I know you think that's not a
good comparison and I'll get to that
just hold the hold that complain for a
moment so just there in the math if New
York City has over 7,000 deaths as of
today and they are 138th of the whole
country
then if the whole
country went away New York City is gone
how many people would die and the answer
is 38 times a little over 7,000 people
and that would look like a national
death rate of 269 thousand people so if
the rest of the country goes away New
York City goes I'm not saying it well
just this is just for sizing things all
right I'll get to the point it would be
over a quarter million people would die
you would call that a big problem right
now I know you the next thing you're
gonna say is but Scott Scott Scott New
York City has more travel as more
density they got a later start so let's
calculate that all in what I'd like to
compare is a mitigation the mitigation
strategy versus none now New York City
is interesting because they are fully
mitigated or close to it but they got
kind of a late start so you can't say
that New York City is fully mitigated
you could say it's it got a late start
but then it did a good job so it's maybe
partially mitigated half half mitigated
something like that so the 7,000 s if
they had not mitigated we all agree
would be much higher right but we don't
know how much higher would it be double
would it be 10,000 let's say it was
double let's say the problem in New York
City would be double twice as many
people dying if they did no mitigation
is that fair would you say double
because the mitigation is pretty extreme
it's like cutting out the whole economy
basically so I would say double seems
reasonable and we're just sizing things
right I'm not saying that's accurate
just the size things so if the rest of
the country went like New York City and
if unlike New York City they had not
mitigated what would it look like and I
think the numbers coming out of New York
City suggest that it would be about half
a million people or more would die if we
didn't mitigate and look
a lot like New York City but then you're
saying okay but now you get to the good
part Scott where you say the rest of the
city is the rest of the country is not
at all like New York City so first of
all there's no density doesn't matter it
doesn't matter do you get why it doesn't
matter that New York City is dense and
the other ones don't even though the
density of course makes a big difference
in how many people will spread it right
here's why because the time if you're
not mitigating the rest of the country
has time to get just as infected as the
people in the elevators in New York City
in theory if nobody mitigated it would
go like this New York City would very
quickly get infected because they're
more density and travel and elevators
and all that stuff Subway's so New York
City would quickly get to let's say 60%
infection at which point a little bit of
herd immunity would start kicking in and
then the the virus would start slowing
down because so many people had been
infected that you couldn't necessarily
spread it as easily you'd be running
into people who already had immunity so
New York City would rather quickly get
to hurt immunity but at the cost of you
know tens of thousands of deaths a
smaller place with less with less
density would still get to 60% it just
would take longer but remember in both
cases there's no mitigation happening so
the undead's place will still get to 60%
it just may take a month instead of a
week so if you're comparing New York
City's outcome to in less dense place I
would say the only difference is how
long it takes to get to hurt immunity
but they were both getting there would
just be a difference of weeks so that's
the first thing so I think that you
could say based on how many people have
died in New York City that the risk of
not mitigating was probably somewhere in
the half a million range half a million
people dead
now the people are saying that this is
still you know flu-like levels of death
how do you explain the fact that they're
doing mass burials and in the park in
New York City have we ever had to do
mass burials in the park because of the
flu are you still not ready to admit
there's something different about this
one it's a little extra deadly I gave
this example last night but I'd like to
do it again
which is there are two ways that if that
virus can get you one is if it's extra
deadly but the other is if it's extra
viral because if it's extra viral but
not especially deadly it's still going
to kill a lot of people because so many
people get it that even if a
low-percentage died somebody people have
it that it's still a lot of people dying
compared to one that's really extra
deadly but it doesn't travel very far
because the the host dies so quickly
well you can still get up to a lot of
deaths because they die as soon as they
get it so there are two ways extra viral
or extra deadly and those are your your
really bad situations but there's one
that's worse than all of them what
happens if it's extra viral and extra
deadly what do you do well that's at
least a possibility that was presented
early on when when our experts were
looking at China correct me if I'm wrong
but when we were first looking at China
and we didn't have a good data and we're
just sort of observing and not believing
what they're telling us did it not look
like this might be the blackest of all
black swans and the one that would be
extra viral and extra deadly now I don't
think it's going to turn out that way as
more information comes in I think it's
going to be extra viral but not extra
deadly it's still very dangerous but
probably lots of people didn't get a
problem with it so if the experts were
looking into this fog of war and thought
we can't yet rule out that this
the worst of the worst kind extra viral
and extra deadly because it's sort of
looking like it you know we're watching
them what they're doing in Wuhan and
that's not normal they're not acting
like it's some kind of normal thing
so was it reasonable for our experts to
say you know shut down the country
because we don't know yet but whatever
is happening in China that might be
extra viral and extra deadly and we've
never seen one of those that could be
like the big one so I don't blame the
experts for being extra cautious if
that's if it turns out that that's what
happened they were extra cautious
because there were unknowns and
certainly there was at least reason to
believe that this was the big one even
if it turns out it's not but even if
it's not the big one let's say the big
one would have killed tens of millions
of people I think this one would be
without mitigation maybe half a million
people and that's just multiplying New
York City's population by the rest of
the country and making the assumption
that New York City would get it faster
but if you didn't do any mitigation
eventually you know the whole country
would have the same rate of infection
eventually so what about the complaints
that the models are completely broken
and corrupt and wrong and we made all
the wrong decisions because the models
were so flawed one of the people getting
a lot of attention for that point of
view is X New York Times writer Alex
Berenson a number of you had been asking
me what about that guy the he's saying
and he's saying that you know we've made
this drastic change to shut down the
economy but it's based on modeling that
doesn't line up with the realities so
he's saying that the models are not are
not showing to be correct and therefore
it was a giant mistake to use the models
to make decisions but here's what Alex
Berenson and almost all of the rest of
the public does not
unless they watched me last night in my
periscope prediction models are not
designed to predict anything if you
thought they were you would agree with
Alex Berenson and you would agree with
all of the people who said hey you
predicted it would be this it's way off
and you've already changed your / you've
changed your prediction from a hundred
thousand worst case than 60 thousand and
those are not really that close so
therefore your model was always wrong
and you've proved it by by changing us
so much all the way down to sixty
thousand deaths obvious right if you set
a hundred thousand but now you're
revised it to 60 well clearly the
hundred thousand was totally wrong
right because 60,000 and a hundred
thousand are not really very close
common-sense right wrong and that watch
me blow your mind it's a little thing
called context so when we saw the
original estimates there was one curve
the said if you do no mitigation maybe a
million at one point there was some
model that said two million but I think
we fairly quickly got to a million
people dying at the high end in the
United States the low number with
mitigation was a hundred thousand
originally not originally but for a
while and then more recently it dropped
to 60,000 here's the context you're
missing if you consider the gigantic
range of uncertainty is 60,000 and a
hundred thousand really different it
really isn't
they're practically the same number if
you consider the wide range now I get
that both of these are with mitigation
but do you think there's anybody in the
world who knows how to model mitigation
in the United States it's never been
done how could you possibly model
mitigation you don't know how well
people are going to do it
you know now you know if it's different
in different places you don't know if
there's a cultural problem you don't
know if people keep with it you don't
know if they're washing their hands - I
mean how could you possibly model this I
mean seriously if you could get this
close with mitigation and say look we
said it'd be a hundred thousand but you
came out as sixty thousand is that is
that a mistake no if you've done
modeling for a living as I have and by
the way ask anybody else who has ever
done modeling for a living if this were
the outcome you had predicted a hundred
at the low-end but we did good
mitigation and it came in at sixty would
you tell your boss that you missed it
you were completely wrong and you and
you know I quit because it's so
embarrassing I was so far off no you
would go in and tell your boss you
needed a raise because out of all these
possibilities you said with mitigation
we're gonna be about here and you got
pretty darn close
you got pretty close I call that a home
run that is as good as a model can be
here's here's the the kill shot on my
point nobody in the world can predict
the future with a complicated model with
lots of variables
during the fog of war now you can
sometimes predict how things will go if
the thing that's going to happen is very
very similar to a thing that happened
before and the thing that happened
before and before so I've used the
example let's say you're a home builder
and you build one home you say ah it
cost me this much per square foot then
you build a second one it's a different
home but the square footage comes out
about the same cost and then you build
the third one do you think you could
make a good estimate of your square
footage cost for the third one the
answer is probably yeah you'd have you'd
have comparable things you could look at
so yeah
it's a lot like those other ones so I'll
use the same
yeah you can get pretty close but if
you're in the fog of war let's say the
first week of the Iraq war in the first
week of the Iraq war
were there any modelers who could put in
their variables and tell you how it was
all going to come out of course that of
course that in the fog of war you can't
make any kind of a model that predicts
the future that's not a thing nobody has
ever been able to do that there's no
model that can do that there's no model
that will ever be able to do that it's
not logically possible and if you're
still wondering if there are some people
who can make models and predict the
future and a chaos you think those
people exist here's how you could spot
them if they exist they would be living
on their trillion dollar yachts if
anybody could build a model to
accurately or even more accurate than
randomness predict the future based on
the the chaos of the fog of war of any
situation whether it's this one or some
other if anybody could do that they
would be a trillionaire because it isn't
something that can be done so if you say
Scott your prediction model was wrong
because it was not accurate that I say
to you hey you apparently you don't know
what a prediction model is because you
thought it was for predicting it isn't
the reason it's not designed to predict
is because it can't it's not a thing
it's just not a thing you can't do
what's not a thing
by analogy because I know you like
analogies I do this sometimes just to
annoy if you got a bicycle and your
bicycle could not fly it could only you
could only pedal on the ground would you
say that that bicycle is broken that
bicycle is a piece of garbage because it
can't fly no you're not you would say
all that doesn't make sense
you're not evaluating it as an airplane
the bicycle is intended to paddle on a
road so let's evaluate it
for pedaling on a road okay it looks
pretty good if you look at it that way
so if you're looking at these models the
virus models and you say to yourself hey
these models are all broken and
defective because they did not predict
the future accurately then you don't
understand what a model knows because
they're not designed to predict the
future
they can't it's not a thing
nobody would try to design a model to
predict the future because you know in
advance it's not a thing
it's not a thing so you're so you're
wondering well why is everybody acting
like it is a thing I mean literally
everybody is acting like the model
should have told us what the future
looks like and they didn't some who
something's wrong right no models are
not intended to predict the future
here's what they're for persuasion and
rough sizing of a problem did the models
roughly size the problem and and here
the size can be very approximate because
all you're trying to do is persuade
people to act differently to get that
number lower so did it size the problem
as a big ol problem that you should
treat as a special problem I'd say yes
the New York City numbers seem to
indicate that the degree of panic about
this was probably well warranted because
even with mitigation they lost 7,000
people and if you extended that to the
whole country and imagined no mitigation
it could be half a million people just
based on what we do know so it was it
appropriate to use prediction models to
persuade us to act differently and also
sized it as a big old problem that we
don't know if it's a million or a
hundred thousand but let me tell you
it's a big old problem if you don't do
anything about it I would say the models
not only were useful and good
but some of the best of all time because
missing the bottom number by that little
when you did mitigation is pretty darn
good and if it did what it was supposed
to do which is persuade a stack
differently did it do that yeah yeah
those models persuaded me I'll better
persuaded most of you to and did it size
the general size I think yes now your
your critics will say no that that's
exactly the problem
it did not size the problem correctly it
missed the size of the problem by a mile
didn't did it because that doesn't look
like a mile to me that looks like of all
the possibilities and of course that's
mitigation no medication in person
mitigation but if you could come back
close with this level of uncertainty I'm
pretty impressed
I'm totally oppressed this would be a
world class if it turns out that safety
is a real number I actually think it's
going to be lower if it goes down to 30
then I'm gonna join the chorus of people
saying these models maybe not as helpful
as they could have been but at 60 it's
sort of a rounding error
somebody says wrong obviously you're new
here what happens when people just use
the one word wrong that's what happens
that's one way to learn learning it the
hard way
somebody says there's no proof that any
lives were saved alright so I'm for the
so let's take that point I think that
point agrees with a lot of people
because the point is can you demonstrate
that what we did actually save lies like
how would you know well here's what I
would look to I would look to Priory
every year before in New York City can
you list for me the number of years that
they had to do mass outdoor burials
because they had too many corpses
can somebody a historian tell me when
was the last time we had so many corpses
in New York City that they had to use
bulldozers to make a trench to
temporarily bury them in the park if
that's never happened before would you
agree with me something different is
happening in New York because if you
don't get that part nothing else makes
sense then in New York City because they
got a little they're a little late on
the mitigation that they're they're
burying people in mass graves that
doesn't look like there's a big problem
so anybody who says that the models are
are out of whack with what we're
actually observing that's not what I see
to me I see the the model said there's a
really big problem and we want to
persuade you to act differently if
you're burying people in mass graves in
just the the first state there was a
little late on the mitigation I feel
like they were right that was a big big
potential problem that we may have done
heroic good job at decreasing and I
think you know I've always been on the
side that says the human ingenuity once
we're all focused on the same problem as
we are it's hard to predict and it's
also one reason that prediction models
are useless because the human ingenuity
can't be predicted you just know it's
going to be probably surprisingly good
but you don't know how and somebody says
still hasn't happened well has it
happened they're burying people in the
park right now they have pictures of it
alright so he says I saw a trench not
sure they're really going to borrow bury
bodies there I saw the bodies in the
trench in containers but did I see it
did I see a fake picture of an Italian
Hospital or something but this morning I
did see a aerial picture of the trench
with what looked to be temporary caskets
of it
you know sort of pine box is sort of
thing somebody says that is not fully
correct that is where they have done the
unclaimed body burials for years well I
don't think we're talking about
unclaimed bodies all right if if that
were the case
I'm sure Scott Scott Scott big cities
have mass graves regularly every morgue
is full of unclaimed bodies it would
your point being that New York City is
not experiencing an unusual number of
deaths because that's something that you
and I could just check right do you
think that the the mayor of New York
City and the governor of New York don't
know but you do but you know it but the
governor of the state and the mayor of
New York City they don't know that the
number of deaths is just the normal
number is that your point of view that
the mayor hasn't noticed yeah and he
just thinks there's a lot of deaths but
it's he just is counting it wrong really
really is that what you think somebody
says it's a fake picture could it be a
fake picture so let me say this so
there's some people are doubting the
number of deaths those of you who are
doubting the number deaths
do you believe that there are 7,000
deaths that although they had
comorbidities in many cases they
probably wouldn't have been dying this
week you know were these weeks just
because they had diabetes not many of
them were gonna die this week so so
let's put it on the facts all right
let's say that we you and I don't have
to decide right now whether New York
City is experiencing an unusual number
of deaths let's just let's just look it
up look it up if it turns out if it
turns out that New York City has is
experiencing a normal amount of deaths
for this period well then I'd say you're
probably quite right
you're quite right but if it turns out
that they're experiencing an unusual
number of deaths even after we're not
getting any deaths from traffic
accidents and even after all the normal
sporting accidents and things that
normally would fill your hospital even
after you take them out if we still have
to bury people in mass graves and
refrigerated trucks in New York City
that's telling us something right right
okay so we're also looking at the
differences between states and there's
so many variables that seem to go into
determining whether there's a high death
rate or not or a high infection rate but
there are a few that I haven't seen
talked about as much and so let me
mention them now of course California
has probably lower density so that might
make a difference with New York City
we're a very international state but
probably nothing is as international as
New York City
I would guess so as as connected to the
rest of the world as California is
probably there's nothing like New York
City so that would be one difference and
of course fewer elevators and people are
people are commuting in cars by
themselves and stuff so there a lot of
difference in California but somebody
who said oh then but I also wanted to
add this to the mix I think California
has the one of the lowest rates of
obesity and cigarette smoking I think
we're in the top 10% of thinnest people
so if all you did is compare in New York
City to California would there be a
difference in average weight New York
City's actually kind of a thin thin City
so I don't know if that would hold up
but if you looked at the country in
general Californians are way thinner I
mean a lot thinner if you've ever
traveled from let's say you're taking a
flight and you have a layover in Dallas
and you're walking around in the airport
looking at the people
and then you land in Los Angeles LAX and
then you walk around and look at the
people they don't look the same in LA
you'd have to look pretty hard to find
anybody who's overweight it's actually
kind of rare at the airport because
that's the airport is higher income
people you know the the lower income
people have a little more weight problem
but if you go to Dallas and you walk out
in the airport it's seventy five percent
of the people are overweight so we
should look at that the weight of
different states that should be a factor
and smoking rates that should be a
factor and somebody pointed out on
Twitter that Colorado also has they're
having some problems and so it might not
just be wait because Colorado Colorado
wins people in Colorado or all are also
not overweight but they are having a
high problem with infections and deaths
and so I looked up their humidity that
turns out that Colorado has very low
humidity which is one of the variables
that would cause you to have more
infections so California has relatively
higher humidity than Colorado so I'm
wondering if we're coming to the point
where we can identify I don't know seven
different variables that are the the
most important ones and it would explain
everything we're seeing in the different
death rates so we've got you know age
and comorbidities and living in the same
households and you know density humidity
weight rates of smoking all those things
all right
Europeans are so here's a question I
asked yesterday I still don't have an
answer
somebody suggested Sweden but in the
same way that I'm saying that New York
City might tell us a little bit about
you know what the rest of the country
could have looked like if we acted
differently there must be some country
that would make a good reference point
for us so I'd be looking for a country
that did everything that we did except
for mitigation so if you could find
something that that on all the other
variables they were sort is similar to
us but they did no mitigation whatsoever
I mean no yeah no mitigation so no masks
and no social isolation and then you let
that run for a while so that you you
know because they're getting infected at
different timing but yeah but at the end
of the run could we look at our own
Sweden for example and say okay Sweden
is the model for if we are not mitigated
that's it would look like whatever
happens in Sweden can somebody can
somebody give me an example of what
country we should agree today will be in
the future the point we with the one we
compare ourselves to can somebody do
that
somebody says zero deaths on Maui well
now he's a special case you know half
the people in Maui are just there for
the two weeks so they go home to die I
think New York City Mayor says Park
burials is fake news / CNN all right so
which is easy to believe by the way it
would be easy for me to believe that the
park burials is fake news I don't know
if that's true but it doesn't change
anything I said because the raw number
of dead is the only one that matters it
doesn't matter where you put them if
there were a lot of them there are a lot
of them no matter where they go so so
some people are saying Sweden some
people are saying Norway
I don't know did Sweden do mitigation
did they do masks I don't know somebody
says the average weight of a female in
New York is 150 but in LA it's more 156
interesting that's an average the
obesity level though for California is
actually love recent report marijuana
causes bronchitis inflammation and
that's the worst case with the virus
could be somebody says was really yeah
it didn't Australia do some mitigation
something like that
New York is analogous to Italy well I
don't know if it is because Italy had
some seriously unhealthy people I don't
know what the obesity rate is for Italy
well why don't we find out hey Siri
Google obesity rate for Italy let's see
how the obesity rate in Italy looks it's
considered mild compared to its
neighbors due to Europe o European
obesity is one of the highest I didn't
know that so Italy Italy is not
appreciably worse than other European
countries but apparently the European
countries are over a third of them are
obese in childhood Sweden as low density
40% working home anyway yeah
leaders are making it worse yeah
somebody's saying in the comments the
ventilators are making it worse I don't
know that that's true but I did see a
was it a video or an article by a doctor
who put people on ventilators and the
doctor was speculating that if we've
slightly misdiagnosed the problem and
that maybe the problem happens in the
blood not the lungs and the lungs are
more the the the result of the blood not
doing its job which would have
implications for how you treat it one of
the implications is that if the problem
is in the lungs then a ventilator makes
sense but if the problem was in the
blood the blood failed to be able to
carry enough oxygen because of the virus
then putting the ventilator in the lungs
and treating it as though it's a lung
problem would cause you to set the
ventilator settings at the wrong setting
because you had misdiagnosed what's
going on and then the ventilator would
cause more problems than it would help
or at least it would cause damage even
if it was helping so there's at least
some speculation from a doctor who does
ventilators and has a theory but it's
still speculation at this point that the
ventilators might actually be making it
worse now I saw I heard a statistic that
needs to be checked so yesterday
somebody said something about maybe it
was just New York City that 40% of the
ventilator patients are coming off the
ventilator which seemed high to me so I
need a fact check on this because my
understanding was that once you've got
on a ventilator it didn't matter what
the reason was that by the time you get
on a ventilator your odds of ever
getting off it and improving and just
having a full recovery I thought it was
love like in the 10% range but that I
heard that the New York City experience
I think was New York City
I need a fact check on that was
something like 40% of people getting off
enta liters now could it be that one of
the things that the emergency healthcare
people are learning
is that they have to adjust the
ventilator settings differently so it
could be that on day one people were not
doing so well on ventilators because
maybe they have the settings wrong there
are a lot of a lot of different ways you
can set them for how much pressure it
puts so it could be that they figured
out how to fine-tune the ventilators to
get the benefits without were they
having too much pressure and causing its
own problems dr. Shiva says a high
dosage of vitamin C triplet may not
require intubation is that the thing you
wanted me to comment on because I can't
really comment on a medical claim so if
the claim is that a vitamin C drip can
do that
I would hope somebody's looking into
that right now but I don't have a
comment about whether that's true or
false how can i somebody asked me why
does they India seems to have relatively
low infections I can think of two
reasons one they don't know who's
infected how hard is it to find out if
somebody has corona virus if they're in
some small village in India I mean
what's the what's the health care look
like outside of the metro areas so I
don't I don't know if anybody knows what
the infection rate or even the death
rate is in India because I don't know
how well they can report that stuff
given the size of their size and and the
the level of poverty and everything else
but there's also speculation via CNN the
comments speculation that India being a
major producer of hydroxychloroquine I
think they're our number one producer or
the number one source for the United
States for that drunk
there's thought that these the citizens
are either many of them are already on
it because of malaria or it could easily
get it and that maybe that's part of the
reason that it doesn't look like it's as
big a problem there
ventilators can't be used if the lungs
are too filled with fluid somebody says
well I don't know all I could say for
sure is that there seems to be there's
some reason to believe that if you don't
have the ventilator at the right
settings it could do more harm than good
so maybe we just got smarter about the
settings that would make sense
somebody says if I didn't see is not a
cure fools
well I certainly would not be saying
vitamin C is a cure and I doubt that
doctor Shiva is saying it's a cure if if
the claim that I saw in the comments is
correct
it's a very limited claim that it could
keep you off the ventilator I don't know
if there's any studies to show that I
have no idea why does Russia have a low
infection rate
well I wouldn't trust any numbers at a
Russia would you same thing
India only has a billion people yes
schrum said we have ventilators but not
enough qualified people yeah that that
is a problem I did hear from a
ventilator expert once Twitter so it's
you know take that with a grain of salt
and the ventilator guy said that if you
wanted to go to school to be a
ventilator operator technician or
whatever they called it might take a few
years of school but if you wanted to
quickly train let's say somebody who is
already a nurse so they had some
background and you know in health so if
you took a nurse and tried to say okay
it's an emergency I'm gonna try to train
you as quickly as possible just for
these just for this one type of machine
that you used in your hospital and just
for a coronavirus patients and so the
one person who is an expert in it said
okay if you limit it to that and you
start with a nurse who's got some
general background and you stick with
one machine and you tell them just how
to use it for this one problem you could
probably train people up pretty quickly
I don't know if it's being
it's happening vitamin D is more
importance as someone I think we're all
in the same boat these are all claims
which have some yeah they have some
reason to think you'd want to know more
about it but we don't you know saying
that something is not a cure because it
doesn't cure a hundred percent is loser
think that is that is well true except
for the word cure does does imply that
it works this does sound like a very
similar condition to high-altitude edema
and would it be a coincidence that the
high-altitude places like Colorado have
problems I know there are some low all
to do places have problems to is mixed
at Mexico City making mass graves or nah
I don't know anything about that
somebody says their wife isn't trained
for the ventilators but has you made use
of them yeah I think that would be
common yes I'm seeing many of you
commenting and the thing I just
mentioned so there were there is some
thought that's unproven that the problem
happens in the blood and that's why the
hydroxychloroquine works because the way
it works against malaria is that it it
works in the blood not lungs
I thought the need for ventilators is
down that is correct
by a hypothesis is that the need for
ventilators is down because
hydroxychloroquine or maybe something
else is working that is my hypothesis
we'll find out later
yeah Mexico City has 9 million people
more than New York City so you have to
be careful about the timing of stuff
because if you're if Mexico City is just
starting to get infected we'll see
because there I would think Mexico City
is in the worst possible situation right
it's dense it's polluted healthcare is
probably not as good as it could be why
don't we have solid data on
hydroxychloroquine treatment yet that's
a really good question
and I don't understand that either
because correct me if I'm wrong the
whole point of hydroxychloroquine is
that you would see a big difference
after five days of using it or it
doesn't work isn't that the claim the
claim is that you'll see a difference in
five days or it doesn't work how many
five day periods have passed since we
first started the hydroxychloroquine
might might be worth looking into
quite a few right how long does it take
to put together a study I don't know I
think the problem is trying to put
together a study in which you have a
good control group because you have to
take people who willingly don't or at
least take the chance that they get to
placebo when they have a strong
suspicion that the hydroxychloroquine
might work that's how do you get so many
people to take the placebo or at least
take a 50% chance of getting a placebo
if they don't have to maybe it's just
hard to make a study but do you need to
study or could you just say alright my
hospital treated 400 people two of them
200 of them got hydroxychloroquine and
you know none of them got an inventor's
but the other group even though it's not
a controlled study there were 200 of
them and eight of them ended up on
ventilators what do you feel like that
would tell you a lot you know don't you
feel like if you saw the results of 400
people in the hospital settings
and you knew that 200 of them were
treated kind of early with
hydroxychloroquine and the other 200
never got it well don't you think that
would tell you because if you can't tell
with if you can't tell the difference
we're just you know 200 or 400 people
it's probably not working yeah and if it
didn't work it would not be validating
the claims that you see anecdotally in
other words the the claims that people
are making just you know first person
hey I took this drunk and I got better
the claim they all make is that it's
obvious it made a difference it was fast
it was obvious and the people saying it
are quite convinced it wasn't going to
happen on his own because taking the
drug sort of marked it was too
conveniently marked the time that their
improvements started after worsening for
10 days in a row but that doesn't mean
the right could be that the people who
don't get better don't go on TV and make
social media posts so we just don't hear
from them don't rule that out somebody
says they think dr. drew said the only
way to get hydroxychloroquine was to
enroll in the study that's what they try
to make you do I believe that they try
to get you into a study if you ask for
it or you're a candidate for it but you
don't have to be in the study and you
can make a case that you're not a good
candidate for the study for example I
have asthma so I would say to my doctor
yes thank you for offering me the study
but I have asthma and if there's any
chance that the hydroxychloroquine works
I don't want to get into a study where I
have a 50% chance of getting a placebo
so in my case doctor you and I as we say
here in this room together and calculate
the odds don't you think you should just
give it to me because I've got asthma
and you don't want to walk me to get it
and not have access to the drugs so you
can talk your doctor into it but you got
to be able to make your case and your
case has to include
there's a reason I should not be in the
study no part of the reason could be you
can't comply with the study you know
you're too busy you got kids I don't
know you've probably coped and lots of
reasons you couldn't be in the study so
there is a way to get it all right I
think that's just about somebody says
look for Trump to announce that some
study results today you know until we
have the study results that are an
actual controlled study with a group
that didn't get it at all and are
scientifically selected to be you know
representative and all that until we
have that we're not going to know but
the smaller studies that don't have a
proper control group I think if the drug
works it's just going to be obvious and
if it doesn't work probably that would
be obvious - yeah there's financial
disinterest in the pharma companies
because it's not patented but I would
still think that the companies that make
it are pretty darn happy this year
they're selling a lot of it how did they
ask you to be in the study if you're on
a ventilator I don't think they ask
those people I would not want to be
Scott's doctor oh you're so right you're
so right
in in my lifetime I can tell you that I
have I have overridden the advice of my
doctor quite a few times but in
conversation with them not not just by
myself went home and ignored my doctor
but there have been quite a few times if
you look at my entire lifetime where a
doctor said Triax
and I would say well I hear what you're
saying but considering why is he MQ
maybe we could try something else
and I can tell you that I've talked to
my doctor into say a number of times and
to saying yeah you know when you put it
that way all things considered yeah
let's let's give it a try your way in
fact I just
that just recently dealing with my
sinuses there were two paths my ent said
let's take this one and I said you know
there's one other thing we haven't tried
that is low risk probably won't work but
we haven't tried it yet and it's easier
than surgery and my ent said you know
good point I don't think this new thing
will work you know 90% chance they won't
but you're right if there's a 10% chance
that it could avoid surgery yeah go
ahead and try it if you're willing to
take a few more months and try it go
ahead that's that's a good risk reward
then that's a perfect example of where
working with my doctor and really just
talking about the odds and also what I'm
willing to do which is the part the
doctor can't know the doctor doesn't
know what's in your hand and that
matters too right
so yes I'm quite a number of times
including recently I have over I have
overridden my doctor's recommendation
and then my doctor agreed with me you
know once I made my case it's a very
normal thing likewise with lawyers IV
I've dealt with a lot of lawyers in my
life trust me being a cartoonist means a
lot of lawyers for every different
element of work and how often if I let's
say objected to the advice of the lawyer
and said I hear what you're saying but
have you considered this argument and
then I talked my lawyer out of whatever
the original recommendation was how
often does that happen a lot I don't
even know how many times it's actually
common it's quite common sometimes you
just have some insight about how you
respond to things that a lawyer can't
have sometimes your priorities are
different your risk reward ratio is
different your tolerance for risk your
intuition about something your social
preference for something so yeah I
talked my lawyers out of stuff all the
time
has it ever been me in the ass not once
I talk about doctors and stuff all the
time is it
forbidden meme yes not once because I
always get the lawyer of the doctor to
agree before I do it you know I always
make sure that I've tested my argument I
don't just go out go rogue and say ah
screw you I'll make my own decisions but
yeah you can talk your professionals and
stuff if you have a good argument it's
common very common all right that's all
for now and I will talk to you tonight
you know where to find me