pom pom pom pom pom pom pom pom pom pom
hey everybody come on in here it's time
for coffee with Scott Adams and the very
best one yeah they've they've all been
great but today the best one ever today
we have a guest assuming our technology
works
I should be joined in a little bit with
representative Matt gates you will love
it you'll love it but before we get to
that there's a little thing I like to do
this is called the simultaneous sip it's
the best part of your day and it doesn't
take much to participate Matt if you're
already watching you may have a beverage
ready to join in on the simultaneous it
all you need all you need is a copper
Margaret glasses snifter stein chalice
tank or thermos flask canteen Grail
goblet vessel of any kind fill it with
your favorite liquid I like coffee and
join me for the dopamine hit of the day
the thing that makes everything better
it's called the simultaneous sip it's
sweeping the world join me now
oh that was so good best one yet alright
before I check to see if representative
Matt Gaetz has joined us as a guest I
have to do a little technical thing to
add him on before that I wanted to give
you a little background about why I want
to talk to him in particular I have long
pointed out that the two best
communicators the most persuasive people
on both sides of the political aisle who
are not President Trump who sort of
stands alone as a probably the greatest
communicator we've ever had as the
president not probably definitely the
best communicator but of the younger
generation I would say that ALC is the
best communicator on the left and Matt
Gaetz
is by far the best communicator in the
GOP and that's what interests us here
when we talk about persuasion and
communication especially in politics let
me give you two examples example number
one you all know about the controversy
of Katie Hill and her private
photographs were published and she had
some interesting person life we don't
need to get into I'm only aware of one
Republican politician maybe there were
more but I'm only aware of one who
decided to tweet a supportive tweet
about Katie Hill
basically saying maybe maybe this isn't
really the issue that we should be
jumping on and if you think about it you
took a position against revenge porn and
it was so easy
shouldn't everybody have taken that
position but why didn't everybody do it
just bad gates because he's the one who
saw some free money sitting on the
ground it's not only the high road it's
it's exactly the opinion I agree with
but it was just there and he got it and
everybody else just walked right past it
but there's even a better one today and
I'll add Matt gates in a minute
she's ready yet yeah he's ready to come
on I'm gonna I'm gonna add you right now
Matt Gaetz and in one moment we should
be able to hear you representative Gaetz
let me know when you've got audio on
your side can you hear me yet
our technology is cooking away you know
it's the only thing you can't rely on
this morning I got up and I didn't have
Wi-Fi because probably the power was
that was somewhere in the state all
right it looks like that connection is
still cooking and while that's doing
that let me complete a representative
Gaetz you good you're on I was just
gonna give you one more compliment on
your excellent Alyssa Milano tweet those
who didn't see it
so yesterday Alyssa Milano sort of
gently mocked you by saying aren't you
that fringe right Republican who
supports weed and LGBTQ rights and now
you're telling me you're at you've acted
in two TV shows referring to an earlier
tweet of yours you're one of those out
of touch Hollywood elites snowflake so
she makes this gentle kind of mocking
tweet and your response to it was one of
the best things I've seen you said will
always have marijuana reform and LGBTQ
rights Alyssa so what I love about this
is Alyssa Milano has 3.7 million
followers probably almost all on the
Left who you just paste you just agreed
with them on two of their biggest issues
and they never would have heard of you
or known that you hated them of that if
you had not respond cleverly to her
tweet this is why you this has many
other reasons or why you're the best
communicator in the GOP now of course
you're also famous lately for leading
the protest against the secret skiffs
situation I have to ask you this
question privately when you talk to
Democrats about impeachment because you
must have friends or Democrats that you
just chat with casually do they ever
laugh at how ridiculous the impeachment
process is yes I think there are a lot
of Democrats who could no longer defend
remember Scot was two weeks ago Nancy
Pelosi said that the concept of having a
vote was just a Republican talking point
then last week we ripened these issues
of due process and now this week Nancy
Pelosi is holding a vote on an
impeachment inquiry and so I think she's
doing that because of the feedback from
her members that they could no longer
defend a process that had no rules no
boundaries no guardrails now there it's
almost like there are two impeachment
processes going on there's one of the
people people like you who understand
all the ins and outs in the details but
then there's the public who really is
completely lost in the details and it
looks to me like the the Dems are
playing this long con game in which
they're trying to generate a lot of
smoke this artificial smoke which will
make the public think well I don't
understand the issue but with all that
smoke and all these votes and all these
meetings and skips things there must be
some substance there does it look like
just a long con to you it does it looks
like a long con sort of constructed by
means of nanotechnology because you've
got Democrats trying to take a policy
disagreement about how to deal with the
Ukraine and Russia then reshape and
reorient the molecules into some sort of
impeachable offense but you really have
happening here is a lot of folks in the
diplomatic corps who grew up in this
post Cold War era where everything had
to be about posting up against Russia
that Russia was this great malign actor
and that the only way to deal with them
was through through deterrence through
strengthening the Ukraine and there are
a lot of people still in our government
like ambassador Taylor like others who
believe that this is the only acceptable
principle now Donald Trump ran on a
different ideology that we could
actually work with Russia where we had
aligned interests and that could reduce
the need for the United States to have
military presence everywhere in the
world and frankly you see that starting
to work out in in Syria and in Turkey
where Russia is assisting in efforts to
try to reduce some of the violence but
nonetheless whether you agree with the
president or not a policy disagreement
about Russia and the Ukraine is not the
basis for impeachment and so you've got
a lot of these
diplomatic corps career swamp you know
oriented swap bathe to people who are
trying to fashion their disagreement
into a reason to undermine democracy and
I think that is the fundamental point we
got to make to the American people now
there's a persuasion trick that the
Democrats are using and so far I have
not seen anybody on the GOP respond to
it in a way I think is Right know what
the thing that they continued to do and
the pundits on their side do as well is
they refer to the Ukraine phone call as
quote digging for dirt on an opponent
and then you saw that Colonel bin Minh
testified that he didn't think the phone
call was appropriate and he said it had
nothing to do with national security and
I'm watching this whole thing and I'm
saying to myself if you've got a
presidential candidate Biden who's
leading in the polls to be the next
president of the United States and there
are some legitimate information in the
public that there might be some conflict
of interest something to look into
and the president of United States looks
into it isn't that exactly his job the
president's job to make sure there's no
potential for blackmail or foreign
interference and isn't he doing
something that's also his top priority
which is protecting the election because
if Biden got in and if he had some ties
that would be a big problem not only
with Ukraine but probably Russia would
know what's going on why is it that the
GOP is not framing it as actually doing
his job and a top priority I think it's
been hard for Republicans to centralize
a message on this Ukraine sequel to the
Russia hoax because we don't have the
benefit of open hearings that that
create the platform for us to all
observe the facts and then get on the
same page yeah in a way have to tip your
hat to the Democrats their strategy of
holding secret hearings leaking prepared
opening statements and then requiring us
you know four or five six hours later
when we have a good point in
cross-examination to try to explain that
to people within the confines of the
rules it really gives them a natural
advantage and I think you know the way
you described it would be more effect
if you know one there was a court in the
Ukraine that ruled that there was
Ukrainian election interference in the
United States when it came to the
disclosure of man afford information
well timed in a way to best help Hillary
Clinton second point is that not only is
that generally the president's job to
make sure that we're not doling out cash
or military assistance to people who
aren't using it correctly or who may be
engaged in corruption corruption as to
Ukraine there is a specific element of
the National Defense Authorization Act
that requires the president to certify
that before any aid is given to the
Ukraine that it will not be subject to
any corruption and that it will actually
be used for its intended purpose and so
time and again you have the
reinforcement that this is the
president's job and I think that the
more that we point out that the
president was legitimate in his thinking
that maybe the son of the vice president
shouldn't be out shaking people down for
money and it is for access you know
that's a dog they'll probably hunt
working working people and so this leads
me perfectly to your your protest some
people are calling it a stunt because
that's what the other the other side
says when you do something that works
it's a stunt and you turned this concept
this this vague concept that there was
an unfair process that the public wasn't
quite understanding what's unfair about
it why is it different but when you let
the protest you turn that into a visual
and you only own the headlines and I'm
wondering it did you get any pushback
from the Republicans when I assume you
first suggested this did anybody say no
no don't do this
or were they completely on board well
Scott I don't think it'll surprise you
or your viewers to know that I am NOT
the most popular person in the
Republican Conference I'm not going to
win many mr. congeniality contests in my
own conference because I push my
conference I often think we we don't
take the bad off of our shoulder enough
when dealing with the radical left you
know more broadly I think that on the
right we have accepted this notion that
we can win the battle of ideas but lose
the fight for the soul of the country
with the left because they fight a lot
harder than we do
cases and so I challenged my colleagues
to be a part of this visual always in
Washington people are complaining about
process the right does at the left does
it and it all becomes white noise I
thought we needed to show the American
people that this was something happening
down a staircase in a basement behind
lock double doors with red signs on them
you know and that when members of
Congress went in we were either gonna
get in or the American people were gonna
see you know 50 60 members of Congress
representing millions of Americans
pounding on a door to try to find out
what was going on and in either of those
cases I thought it would it would
elevate these due process arguments
beyond the normal tit-for-tat in
Washington and and it's hard to argue
with its effectiveness it was unorthodox
admittedly but you know just last week
Nancy Pelosi was continuing to have a
process where they made the rules up as
they went along now they're at least
trying to create some sense of order
with how they're organizing the
remainder of their impeachment strategy
but but it's noteworthy Scott that like
they've got Adam Schiff doing this
instead of the Judiciary Committee
because Jim Jordan and myself and a few
others on the Judiciary Committee worked
him silly when they had the Muller
hearings when they had the Lewandowski
hearings remember that crazy day where
they brought in John Dean like the ghost
of Christmas past
talk about you know what life was like
in the 70s of Richard Nixon I mean
think that that's pretty
so Matt we're having a little bit of
audio problem on your side I'm not sure
if you can still hear me you know there
you're kind of cutting in and out let me
ask let me ask a new question and see if
our audio clears up and in the meantime
so first of all I want to point out the
reason that I call out the
representative Matt gates as one of the
best communicators as you saw him
describe this gif in such visual
language that he took a concept turned
it into a room and gave you the details
in the room that is pure Trump level
persuasion to take a concept border
security and turn it into the wall I
mean when you see anybody doing that you
know you're dealing with somebody who
knows how to communicate and a
completely different level let me ask
you about climate change and nuclear
where are you on climate change is it
real is it a hoax what's your basic idea
and then I want to ask you about nuclear
energy sure I believe that the earth is
warming believe that humans contribute
or I accepting those two premise would
necessitate an adherence to the left
yeah we have a little bit of audio
problems here by the way we we always
wonder if the social
all right we're having a breakdown of
audio here I can I can tell you that my
my yeah I can hear you you're cutting
out a little bit but the we always
suspect that the platform is
intentionally muting some voices that
are important so it could be a
coincidence
could be but so you are pro-nuclear
because the nuclear solution is the only
well it's the only practical smart thing
to do but I would but would you agree we
should also be pushing solar and other
green energies at the same time oops I
lost you let's see if I can add you back
mmm
no possibly not try it one more time
there you are
well I had you back and see if that
works are you back yes
so I think we lost you when you were
saying you did think the earth is
warming but that the solutions were
maybe not optimal and maybe they should
include nuclear did I summarized that
right you did Scott I don't believe that
the answer to climate change is to
unilaterally disarm the American economy
and ship overseas every pollution
causing job I think that the better
answer is to have a more a more
inclusive technology doctrine in our
country that would include way more
nuclear way more hydropower way more
solar and the best way to achieve that
is not by turning the government into a
venture capitalist but instead limiting
some of the regulations that impair
nuclear access and hydro access and then
having the right trade policies and
intellectual property policies so that
American solar dominates like we used to
and we don't get ripped off by China now
do you know offhand I'm not sure if you
would know this but do you know if
President Trump has ever had a private
conversation with Bill Gates to get up
to speed on just how good the
opportunity is for the generation for
nuclear that doesn't melt down and also
eats other nuclear waste for its fuel
does the
president understand that we're right on
the cusp of nuclear going from something
that was designed by literally slide
rulers the ones in this country to
supercomputers and it's really not the
same technology fundamentally does he
understand that do you think I'm sorry
Scott can you rephrase that I lost you a
second there oh do you think the
president understands what Bill Gates
would tell him if he talked to him in
person that the new generation for
nuclear is not only designed to be safe
from meltdown by design it can't
meltdown but also some designs can eat
nuclear waste that exists therefore
decreasing the amount of nuclear waste
in the world do you think the
president's up to speed on just how good
the opportunity is
oh I lost him again this is just
the those of you who have watched me
before know that we've never had this
much trouble on a call and to imagine
that this is a coincidence is a stretch
all right it looks like we're not going
to be able to get him back but
representative Gaetz thank you very much
I know actually that you needed to go
just about now anyway
so thank you for spending time with us
and much appreciated the final thing I
wanted to say when we got cut off
is just to make sure that President
Trump is up to speed on the new
developments with nuclear energy
generation four in particular because I
think he could be a great advocate for
it and also the the issue of climate
change he doesn't need to decide if it's
real or a hoax because nuclear energy
would be the right solution under every
scenario and I hope that message gets to
him all right we we are left asking
ourselves is it a coincidence that the
one time we have technological problems
would be the one time that the most
effective Republican voice was on this
platform
coincidence it could be my next set of
questions were what should we do about
social media platforms having bias so
that was kind of bad timing all right
there's a Democrat named Jeff Andrew who
said he hasn't seen anything impeachable
yet about President Trump or any of the
Ukraine stuff now what does it mean when
there's at least one Democrat who says
I'm looking at the same stuff you're
looking at I don't see anything what
does that mean it means it's not there
if if you have a situation where
everybody's looking at the same thing
and you've got one Democrat who says I'm
right here looking at the same stuff you
are don't see anything you can almost
always guarantee that there's there's
actually nothing there so I wanted to
kind of emphasize that point I made
earlier with representative Gaetz that
the this is really clever long con game
by the Democrats and it's really
effective and I'm pretty sure that the
general public has decided that there's
something impeachable going on that they
don't quite understand at any kind of a
legal political level and so that allows
them to read their own preferences into
the story and what I mean by that is you
know there are some people were saying
well everybody's talking about
impeachment it must be because and then
they'll fill in their own reason because
of Russian collusion which didn't happen
or because of he's the border security
or kids in cages whatever it is so it's
quite brilliant what the play that
they're running but I have to think that
they want to they need to go right to
the edge but they can't actually do an
impeachment process because it would lay
bare that they don't have anything there
so we'll see how they play that all
right I want to thank you all for
helping get Matt gates on here just to
remind you if anybody's new on here
prior to the interview a few days before
the interview I said that I wanted you
all to follow him on Twitter
representative Gaetz as a way to get his
attention and show that there's there
are enough people here that there's some
scale and it would be worth his time to
spend 15 minutes with us which he did I
think we got about 10,000 new followers
for him in a couple of days and I'm
thinking that this might be a new model
so what I'd like to suggest is that
there might be some other opportunities
where I could ask you to do the same
thing and you don't have to follow
people forever but you can certainly get
their attention by following them all on
the same day anybody's going to notice
if their Twitter account goes up by
10,000 users in 24 hours and that should
be enough for us to get some really
interesting guests on here in the future
it worked once maybe it'll work again I
think you noticed that I put on my good
shirt and so thank you seriously I was
actually spending time in my closet
looking at my shirts and I was thinking
I'm talking to ya a representatives
offer our government I'd better put it
on a collar so he actually caused me to
put on a nicer shirt there you go again
one of the Trump children on it's funny
to call them children but I know what
you mean yeah maybe they would they're
all interesting everybody the Trump
family is interesting if you notice that
there are no boring members of the
entire Trump family including you know
people who married into the family
they're just all interesting have you
noticed that sort of a
yeah sort of an interesting coincidence
all right
put his link again are you talking about
Matt Gaetz yeah just look for ma TT g AE
TZ
just search for him on Twitter and
you'll see he's got two Twitter accounts
one looks like the official one one
looks like more of a personal one I
think he uses them both anyway my book
loser think is available for order now
and delivery November 5th which is next
week right so if you want to order now
for delivery next week you would be
ahead of the crowd I have to tell you
that I think loser think is going to
move the dial a little bit I've
introduced a number of examples of how
not to think in there and I think
they're sticky you've already seen that
the number of people who say stuff like
hey your mind-reading now or your word
thinking so there are a number of
Defense's that I've built into the book
so if you find somebody who's in a
mental bubble maybe you can help him out
and if you're in a mental bubble maybe
you can get out Oh Brad parse Cal he
would be near the top of my list of
guests that I'd like to talk to let me
think about that one I like to tie the
guests to the news a little bit at least
a little bit put on Alyssa Milano I
would love that actually paid I've said
before that I I might have more respect
for Alyssa Milano
than most people on the left because
number one I don't think she's operating
purely politically it looks like she
believes what she's saying and also
she's very effective and she's not just
the tourist she's she's putting serious
energy and reputation and you know it
can't be easy
she's taking a lot of abuse so I I have
a little on respect for Alyssa Milano as
a citizen who's trying to make the world
better you can disagree on her
but you have to love I think you have to
love the spirit the energy the you know
the the positive intention anyway I mean
all of that looks like good stuff all
right
is there anything else happening I mean
all we're talking about is Oh Joe Biden
made another hilarious persuasion
mistake today so I guess it was national
dog day and Joe Biden does a picture of
himself sitting on a bench with a wall
behind him so it's an indoor bench but
it looks like an outdoor bench but
somewhere indoors with a wall behind him
and he's got sort of a German Shepherd
looking dog in front of him and he's
saying it's national dog day and their
president Trump didn't say anything
about national cat day or national dog
day and that should tell you something
about Trump at the same time the
President Trump his pinned tweet the
most important tweet is the hero dog the
president's talked more about dogs in
the last 24 hours than he's talked about
people and Joe Biden is like he didn't
say anything about national dog day do
you know how important national dog day
as to the fate of the Republic not a lot
not a lot but anyway here's the funny
part
so Biden does this photo with the dog
that reminds us because that is fresh in
her head the dog reminds us of the hero
dog now you might say to yourself hey
that was intentional
he got a hero dog to you know gain from
the association but what it looks like
to me is that hero dog chased Biden to
the to a dead end and wondered why his
suicide vest never went off so when I
look at it I don't think I don't think
to myself
I just got a message from representative
Gaetz staff they have some Wi-Fi
problems on their end but you know if
you're listening to me now probably not
you probably would have to do something
else but the Wi-Fi is probably not the
problem
it might be the platform we don't know
anyway Biden does a picture where it
looks like he looks like al Baghdady
who's just been trapped by the Euro dog
and I'm thinking to myself the poor guy
has no advisors who have any idea about
how to do visual persuasion they don't
understand the internet they don't even
understand the orientation to hold your
camera when you're taking a video try
this not this so watching Biden
decompose right in front of us at first
you know if you've been watching my
periscopes you know that I at first I
was let's go easy on Biden there's
clearly age has gotten the better of him
and we don't wanna you know we don't
want to dunk on somebody who's who's
really served their country and you know
we should give him a respectful you know
final phase but the longer he stays in
the race I don't know you can't not
treat him like a target because a
President Biden would be one of the
worst things that ever happened to this
country not because of his politics but
because I don't think he's mentally up
to the job you know and I think that's
obvious to most people now so he'll run
out of money soon I want to emphasize a
suggestion I heard from Greg Gutfeld on
the 5:00 yesterday I think it was Greg
he suggested that maybe president Trump
adopt a dog and it should be the hero
dog is that the best idea you've ever
heard seriously have you ever heard an
idea that was better than president
adopting the hero dog as the white house
dog now I don't know if it's possible
and I don't even know if it's safe
because I don't know what the deal is
with military dogs are they always safe
they must be safe enough because they do
later get retired to civilian homes but
you know I don't know enough about that
situation to be sure but think of the
optics think of the optics of President
Trump adopting the hero dog and wait
there's a better part I haven't even
told you the best part because it would
give the hero dog permanent permanent
security the way to protect the hero dog
is to make sure that the hero dog has
Secret Service protection because he's
part of the White House how much would
you love knowing that nobody could ever
get to the hero dog and hurt it because
it's now part of the White House and can
never be harmed because there's just a
ring of secret service because even
after after the president leaves office
whenever that is he still gets Secret
Service protection which means that the
hero dog would have Secret Service
protection and it gets better I haven't
even gotten to the best part yet imagine
the movie in which you know somebody
attacks the White House and the hero dog
saves as a president now I don't think
anybody's going to attack the White
House in such a way that the hero dog
wouldn't need to salt it would need to
jump into action but if you were ever
going to write a movie there was a
popular movie hero dog in the White
House I'm sorry it's a movie it's a
perfect movie the hero dog retires to
the White House hopes to live on its
days in peace but the terrorists attack
and the humans can't handle it
it's all left to the hero dog the only
one who can save the president and he
does what a movie best movie ever
all right I don't have much else today
so I'm gonna I'm going to end here and
thanks again to representative Matt
Gaetz I know technology was not our
friend today but I very much appreciate
you stopping by and we will talk to you
all later