boom boom boom boom ba-ba-boom
ba-ba-boom hey everybody get in here are
you curious about the title of this
periscope I'll wait for a moment before
I launch into it I like to have at least
a thousand people on here to know you're
serious yes you are curious so as you
know Google recently did and I have to
warn you there's a very high likelihood
there will be some cursing involved in
this I'm gonna try not to but I'm not
sure I can hold it in and I needed to I
need a second opinion on this so I'm
using you all as my sort of my let's say
my regulator I want to find out if I'm
overreacting okay so you know that
Google was recently called in front of
Congress to ask about among other things
their their bias in terms of being anti
conservative you may or may not know
that I'm not a conservative but I talked
about President Trump all the time and I
guess that's enough
I guess that's enough so somebody
alerted me to this fact if you go to
Google right now and you google my name
do you know what comes up well I'll show
it to you so there's several pictures
here on this little slider first three
you're just well the first three are
just ordinary pictures but the fourth
and the fifth are photoshopped pictures
of me wearing Nazi uniform now these are
real pictures that people have memed up
on on Twitter and somewhere else but
here's the thing if you click through to
those pictures they are the least
smallest most minor mention of me
compared to everything I've been doing
for years so I'm asking myself and then
I'm gonna ask you as well do you think
given that so one of these clicks
through one of the pictures of me
wearing a photoshopped Nazi uniform if
you click through it goes to a fake
Twitter account that's pretending to be
me
there has only 15 followers do you think
that a fake Twitter account with 15
followers would have enough traffic that
Google's algorithm would pick that of
all the pictures there are of me there
are a lot of pictures of me in the
public domain and in in articles I was
probably in I don't know 25 major
articles last year alone and this one
little 15 user fake Twitter account is
the fourth image that comes up and then
the fifth image is you know another
Photoshop of me in the Nazi uniform and
if you click on that it goes to this
tiny little blog like thing that doesn't
even have this picture this picture
isn't even on the site that it connects
to and it's the tiniest little site I'd
never seen before
is there any chance in the whole
world that Google is not trying to ruin
my life am I overreacting
is there even the smallest chance that
Google isn't trying to my whole
life right in public now I'm open to the
possibility I'm open to the possibility
that this is accidental but I don't
think so and don't you think I need an
explanation from Google perhaps or CEO
this is criminal in my opinion it might
not technically be illegal but in terms
of
yeah how messed up it is to use a word
that I've seen three it's criminal
now it's criminal in you know in impact
now here's the thing I'm spending a good
deal of my time trying to make the world
a better place in a variety of ways one
of those ways is helping the the you
know the urban areas and if there's
anything that I can do to make race
relations better etc I'm all-in most of
you've been watching me long enough to
know that that's that's a true statement
so this is not only awful behavior that
will haunt me for the rest of my life
because these pictures never go away
that's what's given come up if you
google it and even when people say ha I
know it's a joke it's still kind of out
there right no I don't know if it
legally crosses any line for defamation
or anything else but if it doesn't go
away in a week or so I'll give them some
time I'm sure people there must be
Google people watching this watching
this if it doesn't go away I'm going to
react I'm going to give us some time
because I know that the last thing I
want to do is act on something when I'm
as angry as I am now and by the way this
is the most angry you've ever seen me
I'm doing everything I can to hold it in
alright if it doesn't change on its own
because I'm sure people hear about it
I'm sure it'll become a story I'm sure
Google Google will hear about it by the
time I'm done with this if it doesn't
change don't I have to assume that it's
intentional and malicious and that one
of the biggest companies in the world
has targeted me personally for
Destruction how in the world could I
think other
give me any other explanation they could
explain this somebody says 48 hour rule
it's good rule right 48 hours I'm gonna
wait 48 hours now I've asked I reported
the Twitter account to Twitter
so I'm imagine Twitter doesn't look at
every single account so until it's
reported nobody has a reason to take it
down but now I've reported it now I
don't have a beef with Twitter about
this particular thing because I've
reported it and it hasn't been long
enough maybe they'll just take it down
obviously they should you know if it
would fit their rules because it's
somebody impersonating me and it doesn't
have a parody on it I think it's just
impersonating me so but Google's got
some explaining because I don't know if
there's even a technique is there a way
to report something on Google Images is
that a thing if there is I'll do that
but I don't know if that's a thing what
can we do to help you well I'm looking
for an opinion is there anybody watching
this who thinks that this could be
organic because it might be you know I
if there's anything if there's anything
that I've taught you consistently if
you're watching my periscopes it's that
sometimes you can't imagine what the
actual explanation is and they're just
ordinary explanations first stuff so
it's good to wait 48 hours somebody
gives you a better explanation somebody
clarifies maybe it wasn't what you
thought it was but given that Google was
just in front of Congress for this sort
of thing you have to ask the question
uh-uh
hier Dershowitz I don't think alan
dershowitz works on cases like this but
I'm not gonna I'm not gonna make a
decision about what to do about it
for 48 hours I will say I'm really the
last person you'd want to piss off if
there's anybody in the world that you'd
want to piss off I'd be about last on
that list cuz I'm relentless but is
there anybody on here who can talk me
out of this can anybody give me even
even a suggestion that this is not
intentional because I don't see it I
don't see it it looks intentional to me
but I like to be talked down in it
alright that is all I wanted to say on
this this periscope and I swear this is
changing my behavior when do you I only
noticed it today somebody apparently if
you google me in Europe those pictures
come up even closer to the top so in
Europe I'm even more of a Nazi
apparently teach you how to fight Google
- trust me if these pictures are still
up on Google in a week I am going full
out on Google Google does not know
what's coming I could make more trouble
for Google than they've ever had in the
history of their company and and would
absolutely would they just won't know
it's coming from me so but I don't want
to assume yet don't want to assume we'll
give them 48 hours I'll give him a week
I'll check back with you in a week and
I'll let you know
how embarrassing to be Google right now
I mean just the fact even if this is
just accidental even if their algorithm
just sort of accidentally kicked up
these images anything's possible right
even if it's accidental
how embarrassing to be management of
Google right now to literally be be
serving up pictures of someone who's
fighting for some kind of a better world
for everybody as an actual Nazi
it's funny I've got more traffic on this
this periscope that I've had of anything
recently people like to see me angry I'm
not sure you should encourage that it's
not a good look yeah well Google buys
more ink by the barrel than I do how
embarrassing for a Google I mean
seriously this is really embarrassing
for them I mean for me it's bad but I
you know I'm a public figure and I'm you
sort of used to this sort of stuff but
how embarrassing for them all right
that's it that's all I got to say I'll
talk to you later