ah good
stretch come on in here we got a
[Music]
show good morning everybody and welcome
to the highlight of human civilization
it's called coffee with Scott Adams and
you've never had a better time but if
you'd like to take this experience up to
levels that nobody can understand with
their tiny shiny human brains on you
need for that is a cup or a Mugger glass
of tanker chel Su a canteen Jugger flask
vessel of any kind fill it with your
favorite liquid I like coffee join me
now for the unparalleled pleasure of the
dop me here of the day thing makes
everything better it's called the
simultaneous Sip and happens now
go thank you
Paul that was my sound I think I fixed
it there was a there was something I
should have clicked but today I remember
all right let me make sure I can see all
your
comments and
then we're going to have a good
time there we go perfectly looks like
the stock market's
up things are looking good for a Tesla
stock all right did you know that up to
three cups of coffee a day May reduce
heart disease risk according to noid but
that's not the exciting part apparently
the study says that coffee can reduce
all cause any cause of
death so if you drink coffee there's a
12% chance of dying from
anything now this was good news because
I like to keep a coffee maker next to
the gun
safe so you should do that too keep some
coffee near the gun safe you get an
extra 12% safety if you get a home
invasion you know the the gun is good
for protecting house but you know 12%
better chance of survival if you do the
coffee and I think that's science French
Press is acceptable uh I'll be doing
like a uh sign language thing except for
NPCs so whenever I say something that
needs to be translated into
NPC uh I I'll do that so when I said you
should have a coffee maker next to your
gun safe the NPCs would say French Press
French Press is better
all right so that's translation for
NPCs after the show today remember to
look for uh a spaces event with Owen
Gregorian who will be on X doing a
spaces that's the audio only thing so if
you go to Owen's uh um spaces or yeah if
you go to Owen's uh X account you'll
find it Owen Gregorian just search for
it if you can't find it uh nval had a uh
Nal Rober had a funny exchange on a this
is one of my favorite exchanges so Nal
starts with a post he says if you're a
high agency person there's never been a
better time to be
alive and I'm thinking huh yeah that's
probably true if you're a high agency
person because when there's so much
change you know Ai and robots and all
that in theory there should be enormous
opportunities like we've never seen
before so yeah if you're a high agency
in other words you're high highly
competent and you know you're you're
willing to do things on your own without
being prompted you're a high agency
person there's never been a better time
to be alive then some random guy goes
into the comments and says he he wants
to uh to help Nal think
better now if you've been following my
stream you know that nval is one of the
smartest people in the planet so random
random comment guy comes into the
comments after nval says if you're a
high agency person there's never been a
better time to be alive random guy says
I think it depends more on where you
live than when you
live noal comments to that comment if
you're a high agency the first decision
you make is where you
live and mic
[Laughter]
drop yes if you're a high agency person
you wouldn't even ask that question you
would move to where you need to be to do
whatever it is you need to do how do I
know that's true well they've all moved
to the Bay Area because that's where the
action is I moved to the Bay Area
because growing up in number state New
York wasn't going to give me much and
I'm a high agency person so the first
thing you do is get out of wherever you
are and get to somebody better someplace
better good advice
meanwhile according to Clarence Oxford
of biofuel daily you all read that right
uh there's new breakthrough scientific
breakthrough that converts
CO2 um using electricity into protein
rich
food
so this is something I've been thinking
about for years I've been thinking what
would happen if somebody figured out how
to take the CO2 out of the air and turn
it into a commercial product now that's
already happening but the commercial
products are kind of you know weird
little industrial places where you use
some some derivative of CO2 but it's not
like something that you and I would be
using but what
if somebody really does commercialize
this and there's a way to make a
protein like a healthy protein you could
eat just out of the sky just sucking out
of the air well
uh I'd like to take a moment to do the
sign language for the NPCs don't you
know that the CO2 is really plant food
and if you take the plant food out the
entire world will
die uh because the plant food uh is not
there to eat the plants which would be
growing from the
CO2 so yeah all we have to do is make a
way to eat the air and it will somebody
will suck all of the air out of the sky
until there's no there's no CO2 left and
all our plants will die and we'll starve
to death but otherwise it's all good
news meanwhile China plans to put a
solar farm in space uh to orbit the
earth and it would be like a a kilometer
wide solar panel up in space and then it
would beam down the energy so it can be
used on Earth and it should be as much
power as you know what basically uh as
much energy as all the oil ever
extracted so this one project for China
should make more energy than all the oil
that's ever been extracted I'd like to
start by saying I don't believe that
that doesn't even sound a little bit
true I mean it might be cool and it
might work but really it's going to be
more than all the no um
then see uh they're expected to be
completed by
2035 you know coinciding with their
plans to have a lunar lunar research Bas
going to the moon so the space race is
on and you
know if if the United States planned to
make a gigantic solar thing in space
wouldn't you worry that that's a little
too easy to shoot down and a little too
easy to get hit by some debris just
doesn't feel like it's safe
and they I also wonder how do you beam
energy from space to Earth you beam it
on a microwave what is what is
the what is the mechanism by which you
beam it and also I wonder what happens
if the
beam uh gets misplaced so presumably
that beam would have to be very targeted
towards some kind of thing that could
turn that beam into energy Earthly
energy but wouldn't it also be a death
ray if if you are creating so much
energy from this this space based thing
and you had to beam it with some kind of
I know energy beam down to earth
wouldn't that energy beam
be configurable to be a space laser and
Destroy anything they want or am I wrong
about that so I wouldn't be surprised if
something happens to their solar farm if
you know what I mean hey it's a bummer
what happened to your solar farm that's
really a space-based weapon maybe as you
know the presidential inauguration has
been moved indoors but the only people
will be allowed in now to the indoor
part would be the politicians
boring uh the rest of them will have to
go to the
nearby um Stadium where where Trump will
show up after but I guess they'll watch
it at Capital One arena is Capital One
Ara Ina covered or
uncovered is that a covered or uncovered
space they're not they're not just
taking all the non-politicians and
making them stand in the cold in another
place are
they can somebody tell me if it's
covered because that really changes the
story if it's
not
uh all right well look in the comments
you'll find
that they're saying that Michelle Obama
is not going to go um I I heard
different things about Barack
Obama is Barack Obama going to the
inauguration or no if he goes he'll be
going going without Michelle
Obama um but
uh I know they were going to have a
number of
balls um no shut up no I'm talking about
where you dance and listen to music yeah
there'll be a number of
balls but Michelle won't be there no
they're not related stop it shut up
that's not even funny those those two
comments are not related they'll be be
balls but Michelle won't go there those
just two separate stories if you're
putting them together you're you're a
terrible person you're a terrible
person meanwhile terer Carlson reminds
us it's been 6 months since the butler
assassination attempt on Trump and what
we know about it so far
is nothing nothing we don't know
anything six months
later
um is there any doubt that this guy was
Associated either with some other
country that we don't that are that our
people don't want to mention yet for
whatever reason
or there was just obviously an Insider
job meaning somebody in our government
Andor intelligence agency Andor Democrat
was behind it do you really think we
don't know anything about this I mean
the public doesn't but do you believe
that the authorities don't know anything
about it I don't know I I guess we
couldn't we couldn't crack into his
phone apps so I guess there's nothing we
could do didn't find any emails I guess
we're done here really I'll tell you
what I would do if I were Trump I would
ask to talk to him you know I'd make
sure it's safe you know he's behind a
bar or something or all chained up or
whatever it takes but if I were Trump
I'd want to talk to him because I'd want
to ask you know you know why did you do
this it's really hard to have terrible
thoughts about somebody who you tried to
kill who checks in on you and says I
just really want to understand why did
you believe did you believe the news did
you think I was going to steal your
democracy oh you think he's dead well so
all right let's make a prediction he
will commit suicide in jail what do you
think so I don't think he's gone yet but
do you think there'll be a sudden
unexplained suicide in jail the one day
the cameras don't work and everybody
fell
asleep I know feels like that play is
coming we should say but Trump's
Charisma is like a it's like a it's it's
a
superpower if the actual president of
the United States that you shot came to
visit you in jail and ask you some
questions because he genuinely just
wanted to know like just curious now now
the the kid isn't going to give up any
secrets right if somebody helped him
that's not going to happen but wouldn't
you like to know if this was just all
him because I think that would come
through like you you would see the
hatred or something you say oh I get it
this was all you you know even if there
was somebody else helping it would look
like at least he was just doing it for
his own reasons maybe with help I'd want
to know that New York Times did a story
about uh
the The Hiding of Biden's mental Decline
and remember the Wall Street Journal did
a story they talked to 50 sources and
found all these stories about Joe Biden
was mentally incompetent and certainly
wasn't making any decisions and nobody
was really in charge New York
Times should have been doing the same
story but they found that that Biden was
actually fine yeah yeah he mixes up a
word now and then but who doesn't and
yeah well he's he's older
so they had to cut back his schedule a
little bit but basically he made sound
decisions according to the New York
Times
um don't you
think I was listening to Mark helperin
talking about this on his podcast and uh
don't you think that it makes the New
York Times look
worse because we're not we're not in any
uncertainty about what Biden's brain was
since the beginning it's not like we're
wondering so if we know what the truth
is that he was clearly degraded from day
one I mean I called it out I can see it
if I could see it and I wasn't even
behind the curtain everybody could see
it
um so the the New York Times has found
the only way that they could reduce
their credibility and uh frankly an
embarrassment and they and as a helin
points out they printed the claims of
Biden AIDS and Biden friends as if they
were
true if you only ask the people who like
him what do you think they're going to
say oh yeah he was fine we didn't notice
the
thing and that passes as reporting
that's what that
is okay speaking of the news
post-millennial uh KD Davis Court is
reporting that CBS is thinking about
settling Trump's lawsuit over the fact
that CBS um on 60 Minutes their TV show
uh they they edited kamer's response by
putting in a completely different
response to the question because her
real response was a bit let's say
inelegant and
incompetent and given that we have the
video of what her real response was so
there's not really any question on the
facts yep here's the original yep here's
what they edited to make it look better
now the claim is that that would that
was election interference and I
understand why CBS might might want to
settle because they don't want to give
up all their Communications if they
don't settle then Trump can get their
emails and see what they're really
saying behind the scenes so they might
be saying you know for a few million
dollars wouldn't it be better if nobody
read our internal
Communications so you might win this but
the question I ask is how is this
different from every other fake news if
I turn on CNN or MSNBC it's nothing but
fake news it's just one fake thing after
another narrative narrative narrative an
a context leave out the good things
don't talk about the bad things how is
that not election
interference CBS had one show in which I
personally wouldn't have even noticed
the
edit do you think anybody do you think
anybody voted for or didn't vote for it
because that one answer
if you put me on the jury I'm not even
sure I would find them guilty because
I'd say seriously that's you know it's
bad like it's bad that they edit it but
election interference even if they
intended it it couldn't possibly have
happened one answer all they did is make
one answer look like it was coherent a
little more coherent than the actual one
that's not that bad it seems like there
are so many other things that were
election interference from yeah from
from the laptop signator
signatories right down the list so I
don't really understand the standard for
what makes uh fake news interference I
don't think there is a standard so
honestly if you put me on the jury I'd
say innocent probably I mean I haven't
heard the facts so uh the jury is
probably only looking to see if there's
factual
support um but still factual or or not
it couldn't have made much
difference well just to prove her
incompetence you probably heard that
Comm Harris posted that uh the Equal
Rights Amendment is the 28th Amendment
and is the law of the land now that's
because Joe Biden signed some kind of
executive order to make the 28th
Amendment the law of the land uh except
there's a reader note on X that goes
like this there is no 28th Amendment
the president does not have the
authority to declare amendments to the
US Constitution and the nation AR the
national archivist is now ratifying it
now how do you
explain that the staffs for both uh
Biden and KL Harris who was not anybody
on the staff willing to say uh you can't
change the Constitution with an
executive order that literally everybody
knew how how did they not say oh don't
post that or don't say that or don't
sign that executive order the only the
only explanation I have is that they
hate Joe Biden and they hate KL Harris
because I got a feeling that you know
relations have
soured uh between the you know the
campaign and the staff and the and the
you know the politicians so it seems to
me that their staff just totally threw
them under the bus and may have actually
been laughing about it this like yeah I
just let him say that that you can
change the
Constitution with an executive order now
maybe it's because all those people are
looking for jobs and that there was
nobody around to ask because they're all
looking for jobs uh but it kind of looks
intentional like it's so so over the
toop for what an ordinary mistake would
be it's not ordinary I this is miles
away from anything ordinary to say that
the president can change the
Constitution with with an executive
order everybody knows that's not true
except those
two are they really that dumb did did we
see for the first time a a genuine Peak
behind the cor the curtain because you
think you know if you're using some
common sense you kind of think well you
know they're all they're all up to speed
behind the curtain but you know Biden is
a little slow and kamla doesn't
communicate that well but what
if this 28th amend thing is telling you
what it was really like like just
absolutely flat out
stupid cuz it could be that could be the
reality they were both just flat out
stupid one of them has a you know mental
cognitive problem which is a little
different some say k Harris is going to
get a book big book deal uh who would
buy her a
book what exactly would the biggest
loser in the world have to tell me don't
be me don't be like me I don't know we
heard heard yesterday that uh Schumer
was one of the active ones trying to get
Biden to drop out I guess he went all
the way to Biden's house and you know
told him that his legacy would be better
if he dropped out and blah blah blah but
allegedly and reportedly Schumer
actually told Biden that his own
pollsters the internal polls that you
and I don't get to see gave him only a
5% chance of beating
Trump so that was about the time they
were talking about getting rid of him
and and uh I'm
told by the news that Biden was unaware
that his own internal polling only gave
him
5% now if I told you that in a context
you'd say that's not true of course he
knows what the polling says he's paying
for it they pay for it because they
really want to care they care what it
says but now that you've heard that they
think they ra they think they changed
the
Constitution with a executive order I
feel like anything's possible anything's
possible it could be that Biden was
never showed he's never he was never
shown the
polling and then the next question
is what else are they not telling him or
didn't they tell him if they didn't tell
him his own
polling what was going on and and the
only reason I can to think that they
wouldn't tell him
that
is probably
because they hated
him or they didn't tell him anything so
it was no different than everything else
I don't
know um according to Jeffrey Epstein's
old
cellmate um the feds offered Epstein a
deal for uh coming up with some dirt on
Trump and Epstein didn't have any
now that's that's coming from somebody
who's a four-time murderer so I'm not
sure you can trust him but I think he
was an ex cop um and I and they and
apparently this is again this is hearsay
so I don't know how much credibility to
put it but according to the cmate uh uh
Epstein told them he says but the
government told me I don't have to prove
what I say about Trump as long as
Trump's people can't disprove it
and that epin considered quote making
stuff up to save his
skin what now again remember this is not
a source they you should put too much
credibility in prison guy four murdered
four people who knows but um I'd
certainly like to know if that was true
wouldn't
you meanwhile James comr says he's
referring uh Hunter Biden and James
Biden for criminal uh criminal
prosecution based on I assume I assume
either lying to Congress or something
about the crime family but I'm a little
confused isn't Hunter pardoned of
everything or or are they outside the
window or outside the domain that he's
pardoned for so I don't know how the
hunter part works but I assume that the
brother James James Biden will get uh
you'll get a pardon maybe
today he uh Biden can still do a pardon
today
right I think it's
coming well here's a story that blew my
mind Robbie Starbuck as you know he's
been really successful in getting
companies to roll back their Dei
programs but he looked into the US state
department and they've got a whole uh a
whole Dei group and so you say to
yourself well you know that a lot of
places have Dei groups and they're just
making sure that diversity is is handled
appropriately so on paper it sounds
pretty good doesn't it if you want
diversity hire some people to make sure
it got done start measuring it all good
I wonder what went wrong let's see here
are some of the things according to
Robbie Starbuck that they actually spent
money for I'm going to read them quickly
mostly so you can see how many of them
there are all right this was your tax
dollars went to commemorating Black
Consciousness month through lgbtq plus
culture I don't even know what that
means they created best practices to
promote preferred pronoun
usage fine
uh I I hope I didn't spend too much
money for that one um they created uh
they launched an all ages Dei library in
Cambodia
Cambodia they made Dei part of all civil
service and performance evaluations so
that advancing the Dei stuff became the
responsibility of all civil and Foreign
Service employees and they had lots of
training on something they call allyship
allyship which I think means white
people white men helping everybody else
discriminate against white
men what what else would it mean are are
the black people not on the same team or
the women not on the same team with each
other so why do you need allyship as far
as I can tell all it means
is yeah well I I won't over interpret it
all right um we also paid for the career
development of women in
Gambia because that's what you thought
you got when you funded Dei in the state
department was uh career development for
women in
Gambia um also there was inclusive
language training in Panama because
people were not using inclusive language
about the lgbtq uh stuff the panamanians
panamanians were just using all the
wrong words so I'm glad we stepped in
and got them to use the right words my
tax dollar is Perfectly Used let see
they had Dei workshops in
Belgrade which one does uh they had a
Dei Hall of Fame in New
Delhi that's weird because that's
exactly where I would have put it the
Dei Hall of Fame I'd say where would you
put that old Delhi no no New Delhi they
changed the name of the foreign Services
which used to be called oral assessment
to the to officer assessment because the
term oral assessment may have excluded
non-verbal people Oh I thought it was
only excluding heterosexuals but my hat
was an old totally different place uh
they created a Dei
aard and I hope I got it
stated and the state ad MST of focusing
recruitment efforts to paid in
internships on quote minority serving in
uh institutions and women's colleges
which is probably illegal created a new
racial Equity framework for how the
state department works overseas okay yep
I'm sure we needed that created and
distributed trainings and how to
interact with non-binary identif
identifying people uh and on
colorism so
good use of my money to teach people how
to handle the
colorism uh gave us citizens the option
to put x the letter X on their passport
instead of male or
female good
good uh they launched Dei mentorship
programs which would be a way to say
let's give something to everybody except
white men uh creating new guidance for
trans gender people so that they can use
whatever bathrooms they want I'm
actually sensitive to the bathroom one I
do want a world where everybody can
comfortably use a public bathroom I
don't think we have that world and you
know I don't think the Quick Fix is just
let anybody use any bathroom but uh I'm
sensitive that one so I'm an ally I'm
part of the Ally ship everybody should
have a bathroom that they're comfortable
to use if we had infinite money that
would be great so this story just blows
my mind so you heard you saw the
publicity where Elon Musk said he was
going to help bring Wi-Fi to the fire
area in LA and so he got a bunch of
cyber trucks loaded them up with food
and security guard and um some uh Wi-Fi
devices for starlink and then he was
going to place them around the area so
everybody could go somewhere where
they'd get
Wi-Fi and then somebody on Karen bass's
mayor Karen bass's office heard about it
and uh Karen bass said she refused the
help because quote she was not
interested in solving this problem if it
involved Elon
Musk that allegedly really happened now
these this is a sort of story that you
know maybe you'd want at least another
source so I'm not 100 sure 100% sure it
went down just like this it's a little
too on the nose a little too on the nose
but if it's even close to being true
that would certainly be
shocking um The Wall Street Journal
reports that uh the reason that Los
Angeles had uh not prepared properly for
the fires was that it was a mishmash of
government agencies failed to keep
public lands in around La safe from
wildfires a mishmash of government
agencies you
know I remember when I was a kid and I
thought that the government of the
United States was some kind of a
Democratic Republic kind of a
situation and then I reached my current
age only to find out that our government
is a quote mishmash of government
agencies which does sound right doesn't
it if you're going to try to rebuild
your house in La who are you going to
deal with a
mishmash of government agents IES and
you won't know how to satisfy any of
it
anyway um I I just got a uh a homework
assignment from a overseas publisher who
has one of my older books and they said
they have some royalties but um for
whatever reason I haven't filled out the
paperwork to receive it and and they
sent me the paperwork and it has to be
done by hand so it's not something you
type on on the computer you have to
print it out multiple Pages just filled
with things I have to F which I can't do
because my hand doesn't work I've you
know burned it down
drawing so it it is so so completely
bureaucratic that I ask them how much
the royalties are because there is a
number below which I'm going to say why
don't you just keep it like if this is
your process I don't even want your
money cuz cuz I'm not going to spend
$1,000 of my time to make a $100
royalties and that's what they're asking
me to do so yes the bureaucracy the mish
mash it's everywhere uh the Oakland
mayor the ex Oakland
mayor uh shanga has been criminally
indicted she's being accused of bribery
mail fraud wire fraud and Corruption
according to the
FBI so the LA mayor is bad the Oakland
mayor is bad H I guess that's a giant
coincidence isn't it yeah here's what I
think I think the people that go into
these jobs do it to make
money I think sometimes maybe people are
interested in I know helping the
community or it's a it's a launching
board to a hire office or something but
I feel like the majority of them just
know that if they can get elected and
they get in the right place they can
skim money off of all the all the public
funds that need to be going to different
vendors so they just send it to their
face vendor who then sends them a a
little gift that you can't tell is
related so I think that it's systemic
meaning that if we keep thinking oh we
got a bad egg here oh there's another
bad egg why why is it every time we look
for the egg there's a bad one huh every
single time we look into any City we
find all this corruption it's because
they're all corrupt my guess is that
100% of City governments are corrupt
like seriously corrupt 100% that's a
system problem that's not a people
problem that if you treat it as a goal
the goal would be no
corruption but there's no system to get
there except you know you you catch a
few but there just a few do you think
the next government of Oakland is going
to be clean and the one after that
why if the if the larger purpose of even
running for office in the first place is
to get in on the graft gravy train you
almost need you almost need to have
local management that doesn't live there
so they don't have all the criminal
connections they need to to skim it's
almost like you need the Swiss to come
in and run your cities and say all right
Swiss are going to run the city but
don't contact them you can't talk to
them you know I'm just being hyperbolic
but
yeah we need a new way to run our local
cities because I think the system just
guarantees that they become corrupt over
time which would be
now all right here's some persuasion
advice I've been watching the uh the
hearings for the confirmations of uh
Trump's people and I noticed they're all
getting this question did Joe Biden win
the 2020 election now I've seen capable
answers but not a home
yet um and this is a it's a gotcha
question right so the point is to create
a create a sound bite that they can use
against you and use against Trump so
instead of answering you know yes or no
and then they cut you off did Joe Biden
win the 2020 election here's the correct
answer um and it took me a while to
write it took me a while to write it so
it does matter which words you use and
how brief it is so brevity brevity is
really important here so that's a
persuasion trick if I made it like a
paragraph long what you should stay
instead you wouldn't remember it and you
wouldn't use it so I'm trying to B it
boil down so everybody who reads this
once will go oh yeah that is the right
answer here's the correct answer to did
Joe Biden win the 2020 election Joe
Biden won the election based on our
current system but our election systems
are not transparent enough to detect all
forms of cheating that's why half the
country is skeptical of the results if
it doesn't go their
way so that last part half the country
is skeptical if it doesn't go their way
kind of says both sides question every
election which is our current situation
so and if you say um Joe Biden W
according to our current system that
that that gives you an escape from all
the individual claims and it also gives
you some some
freedom from being connected to Trump
says he
won the the instead of saying Trump was
right or Trump was wrong you say in our
country the losing side always thinks is
rigged Joy Reid was saying that the that
Trump's Victory this time was rigged by
not things in terms of the vote but
rigged in terms of I don't know some
kind of public stuff and once you once
you sell the idea so here's the problem
as as somebody pointed out
earlier the the question is trying to
make you think past the sale the sale is
that the election was
fair that's an assumption by the the
person asking the question so don't
answer the question go right after the
assumption but you start by saying Joe
Biden won the
election but you limit it to the
election the way it's designed and then
you say we don't have an election where
you could tell for sure who won that's
why no matter who wins half of the
country thinks it's not
credible so if Trump also thought it
wasn't credible he would be in the same
category with half of the country and if
somebody some democrat thinks that an
election's not credible they would be in
good company with lots of people on who
who believe the same thing so that's my
upgrade um I know some people don't like
me talking about Bill Mar and his
transition to a trump supporter where
he's not there yet but it's fun watching
to see how close he gets but I watched
the show yesterday and there's
definitely a change definitely a change
and here's the change and I want you to
look for it now I hope that bill Mah
doesn't hear me say this because then
he'll change what he's doing but look
for this
pattern if the topic is a
policy or competence Bill Mah says you
know
Trump was right about that he said Trump
was right about clearing the forests for
example so he gives examples yeah yeah
when Trump says the Border was more
secure under him I think Bill Bill Mah
would say yeah yeah it's crazy letting
everybody in so when you're talking
about something
real Bill Mah usually says yeah Trump's
right about that but when he's
criticizing Trump which he does in equal
amount the criticisms are not based on
anything real
the criticisms are things like I'm
worried about him stealing my
democracy okay that's not real uh his
character all right all right and that
matters
how so so watch how his criticisms stay
the same like his hatred of trump and
all that but when he talks about
anything that matters a policy or basic
competence to be present he's kind of
leaning toward giving him an a
now obviously there would still be
things that a Democrat would like that a
you know Republican wouldn't like and
vice versa but the things he talks about
the top
priorities yeah and then you add that to
Jamie Diamond saying that negotiating
with tariffs is actually perfectly
acceptable and smart thing to do it's
getting really hard to be a
Democrat it's just getting so
embarrassingly hard you have to say
stuff like you steal my democracy that
just sounds
silly
anyway so V ramas Swami is every all the
smart people say he's going to announce
a run for Ohio governor but uh not until
he gets some accomplishments at Doge I'm
going to say I'm not thrilled with this
uh I do think V would be a good governor
and I think he'd be a good Senator if he
ever got a chance of that but I feel
like and it's also a perfect stepping
stone to the presidency yeah because the
thing that V didn't have is a
government experience where he was
managing something so a governor is
better than a senator because Governor's
manage Senators just say yes no and talk
to the talk to the Press um so it makes
sense for his career it definitely makes
sense for the age of his children so
since he lives in Ohio
um it probably gives him a lot more
reason to be in Ohio and a lot less
reason to be in DC so that's probably
good for his family good for his career
I like all that I mean I like it for him
that that that looks like a good plan
for him but I'll tell
you everything about my optimism is
based on Doge it's the only thing I
think we absolutely have to get right I
mean obviously some you know national
security stuff like the Border but you
in terms of the biggest threat to the
country it's the debt by far and
anything that causes V to work on that
less or have his attention divided or
you know not spend four years working on
it because it's going to take a
while this is really bad for
me I think it's good for V uh good for
the family and those are perfectly
legitimate reasons to do anything
but I don't love the fact that that he
might be distracted by this don't love
that U but best wishes to him so I wish
him the
best
um according to everybody Trump is
planning to uh do some illegal immigrant
arrests and ship people back on day one
and they're saying that Chicago will be
the Target and I thought to myself
should you tell the target they're the
target weeks before you target them I
feel like the Chicago immigrants just
had a lot of warning that they should
move their location you maybe take a
week off you visit Detroit for a week um
I don't know if you should say where
you're going to start that seems like a
bad idea meanwhile speaking of the fires
in La um million dooll listing TV show
St Josh Alman has been talking to a lot
of people because they're calling him
about real estate and
he says up to 70% of the Palisades
residents will not return because
they're deeply
underinsured so even the ones who had
what you could call full
insurance uh it's not going to cover you
know building a new um foundation and
cleanup and and all that so he's
thinking that people have just decided
it doesn't make sense to spend five
years mucking around just in case it
works out and uh that that would have
been my guess my guess is the people
whose houses survive may be forced to
stay because that's their best play um
so it's going to be a different
place um according to uh RS Technica the
European Union is ordering the
xplatform to hand over its algorithm
documents um so Javier espinos and Andy
bounds are writing about this now it's
requ the EC European um I guess that
would be commission has also requested
access to the information on how X
moderates and amplifies
content now on one hand it does seem
like a
national priority to know how these
social media things are influencing the
public and on the other
hand it doesn't seem like social media
is going to work in other
countries so the Tik Tock ban which goes
into effect tomorrow unless something
suddenly
changes is the platform or it's the it's
the template once you know that Tik Tock
can be banned in one country even if
it's origin country still runs it
doesn't that mean it's going to happen
everywhere how how in the world is
Europe going to let American platforms
operate in
Europe America just got rid of a Chinese
platform do do the Europeans think that
we wouldn't try to influence them now I
don't think that X is doing that I don't
think it's trying to influence in in any
kind of algorithmic way but it's going
to feel like it you if if the head of
the X who has the most attention and the
most posts or the most retweets and
everything if the biggest account is
absolutely definitely being political
and absolutely definitely showing his
opinion on things then absolutely
definitely moves the needle because
because the size of his
reach how in the world is anybody allow
that in their country now I want it to I
want it to succeed and I want it to
succeed in every country but I don't see
a path I I feel like every country is
going to say hey if the US banned Tik
Tock how in the world are they going to
complain if we ban their platform for
the same reason that we think it might
be too persuasive or give up too much of
our
information so I hate to say it but I
think the long term of social media
networks is that they'll be countes
specific and it'll be the country that
invented it because then the
intelligence people in that country can
feel that they have enough control over
the platform to get what they
want that's the future I I just don't
see any way that social media will
continue to be across all borders I
can't see that in the
future um Argentina allegedly has
reached its first budget surplus in 14
years thanks to their new leader who's a
economist and um what would you call him
po he's a populist is he a populist this
is uh president Mele but uh I'm going to
still come down on the side of
skepticism um everything mle has done so
far makes sense in terms of Direction so
yes I I think he's very capable and I
think he's right on and he's got the
energy and apparently the drive and you
know The Bravery it does seem to have
the whole package and all of his
policies look perfectly sensible to me
here's my problem it's happening too
quickly this is a little
fast now if you if you told me in five
years wow things are better this guy
really made us better over five years I
would say well good that's why you got
him I'm glad he did his job took five
years but things are hard to move you
know you can't do that much but he just
took a meat cleaver to pieces of the
government and the only thing we're
hearing is the good news there's got to
be some bad news right so I'm just going
to put a pin in this one and say check
back with me in a few years and we'll
see if there's maybe this was a little
Hy hyperbole it might be true
that they reached a budget of surplus it
might not be true that the citizens are
delighted and everything's working
besides that meanwhile over in Iran this
is a I I don't believe everything about
this story but the reporting is that the
three of Iran's Supreme Court judges
were shot by the same guy some kind of a
some kind of a let's see uh by guard so
was a guard who shot three of the
Supreme Court juses two of them died one
of them's wounded now this is reported
on vizrad 24 that's an account on X um
and both judges were apparently known to
be
hardliners known to and they were known
as the
hangman so they apparently they sent so
many people to the deaths that they were
basically just Killers now I here's the
part I don't believe I don't believe
that this guard just decided he'd had
enough of the hardliners and decided to
shoot him does that sound
real I feel like there's more to that
story now the part I believe is that
probably some people in the Supreme
Court got shot I'm not sure we're
hearing the real reason or everything
about that guy but we'll find out um
however if anything like that is true it
it might suggest something like like uh
do you remember the the uh healthc care
murderer guy I can't remember his name
that goodlook guy who killed the CEO of
for United Health um you know how when
that happened we first thought oh that's
just a crime it's terrible tragedy bad
for the family bad for the victim bad
for the system it's just all bad and
then you check social media and people
are
like I kind of like that guy and you say
wa which guy the poor victim no the
person who killed them and all of us all
of us who are more let's say
traditionally minded we say well that
can't there can't be many people who
think that right there can't be a lot of
people who would have the same opinion
that it was good that somebody got
murdered and the longer you go you
realize there are a lot of people with
that opinion now I don't think there're
serious people in the sense that it's
easy to say you support something that
already happened I don't think they
would support for doing more of it if
you ask them
um but I wonder if if this is the first
indication that the public is done now
that's way it's being reported that he
was just a you know a patriot and he was
just done with the all the corruption or
whatever it was fundamentalism or
something but um we'll
see now after after I'm done which I'm
just about done
uh make sure that you check into the
spaces on X so spaces is the audio
feature where people can hear each other
talk um Owen Gregorian will be hosting a
spaces that'll be roughly based on the
show but I'm sure you can talk about
what you want to and make sure you catch
that just search for Owen
Gregorian and you'll find it or you
could you could look in my feed on X and
you'll see I retweeted him um his his uh
link to
it all right how did V get rich Scott
well you don't
know yeah so all the people who were you
know saying that vake got rich in a
sketchy way they've heard one version of
it but you haven't heard of a V's
version I think I've only heard it on
maybe one CNBC show where he was a guest
um but if you don't know his version you
don't know anything
so so don't act like you're all holier
than me oh what tell me tell me tell me
how he made his money well I think I
know but about you don't so maybe you
should look into that a little bit more
see see if you can find both sides if
you can find both sides then I will
listen to your opinion but it doesn't
sound like you found both
sides all right but I know the issue I
know exactly what you're talking about
you can trust your intuition how do you
know your intuition isn't uh
racist how do you check on how do you
check on
that intuition isn't a real
thing it's not a real thing intuition is
just how you feel sometimes you feel the
right way sometimes you feel the wrong
way but no intuition is not a thing that
sometimes it's a thing you if what it
really is is pattern recognition if it's
pattern recognition but you don't know
what the pattern is you just feel it
that could be real because it's based on
a real thing a
pattern but if you're just looking at
him and you've decided H I can't trust
him because he's brown or whatever the
whatever the hell you're thinking
um I that doesn't seem
realistic um oh the butler P was killed
at the scene
you I did that whole thing about the
butler guy and I forgot he was killed at
the
scene you you all let me say that you
you were probably yelling at me when I
did it
right see this is one of those
situations we're having no sense of
Shame it's like
gold imagine how I'd feel if I felt
shame or embarrassment nope don't feel
it a bit
no no it was just a stupid error I made
in public I don't care a
bit so you should learn something from
that don't learn anything about don't
learn anything about the assassination
attempt from me but uh which is one the
other guys alive right Ruth the golf the
the golf course guy's alive I don't
think he's worth talking
to you know the the problem with the uh
a lot of the political stories is
there's so many dupc
like I can't keep any of the law Affairs
straight all the law fars sound the same
to me and then it's starting to be that
the assassination attempts are starting
to sound the same so it's like oh
there's a white guy and he had a gun
tried to kill the
president they all sound the
same that's
funny I can't wait to see the comments
Scott you idiot you fool
as soon as I saw the comment which I
didn't see until just now as soon as I
saw the comment that he was killed I
thought uh
oh oh that's funny all right every
everybody I'm going to talk to the
locals people privately just for a few
minutes the rest of you I will see
tomorrow thanks for joining even though
I got all my facts
wrong locals coming at
you
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e for