come in here come in here come in here
if you dare
you'll hear a story so dark so awful
that you may never be the same
tonight the true story of a place called
Wuhan in a place called China not long
ago people believed that wad was a plain
city in China some thought it was a
large city in China but it was not oh it
was more than that it was so much more
than that
and we pieced together the clues number
1 wad it turns out is the main centre of
fentanyl production that is shipped to
the cartels and then the cartels started
a defensive over the kills Americans by
the tens of thousands as whoo ha whoo ha
the center of all fentanyl but is that
the only thing that Wuhan is famous for
no no it is not well hot is also a place
where horrible weapons are being
researched in secret laboratories it is
a place where the virus like no other
virus not of this world appeared first
oh yeah yeah and what about the food is
it regular food or is it demon food
small animals bats marsupials rip to
shreds their bodies slain
spread around the market for anyone to
just come and eat and Abe no wad is not
just a city in China that's the cover
story
Wuhan is I think I have made the case a
portal to Hell
you think those 20 million Chinese folks
has suddenly got deactivated do you
think they're still in this dimension
yeah that was the price there was a
price to pay for stopping the plague
that came out of the portal from hell
and that price was a sacrifice 20
billion Chinese citizens in Wuhan were
sucked back into the portal into hell
forever and that is the story of one
scene Alexa turn on studio ah that's
better
so let's talk about all the things
excuse me while I grab my notes I've got
to two white boards to the Past yeah
double white boards that's right
you'd be right like the phone back Becca
Dex
all right did you see the president's
task force press conference today it was
a little bit short a little bit brief
took no questions which was perfect so I
think the president nailed it today with
his press conference he had already
answered too many questions earlier in
the day so he kept his short I liked it
what I really liked about it is that
when it was a Steven ha da had came up
and started talking about I guess today
they approved at at home test what
and that whole test now you can't get it
unless your doctor order says so they're
you know not enough to go around but
doesn't it make you wonder what is the
obstacle to take the home test which
exists I guess they're a hundred
thousand of them already made it's
approved FDA approved and they just I
think they mail it to your house you you
do the sample yourself swab your nose or
something and then you just mail the
back fat accident you have an answer in
like a day and it sounds great but my
question is in the context of an
emergency why is there though that we
can't get done in 30 days this is I'm
just curious if we wanted to ramp this
home testing thing up from a hundred
thousand to you know ten million or
whatever and we wanted to get there
really quickly probably need more than
that probably need undred
what would it take to go from where we
are to a hundred billion of them fairly
quickly because I can't think of
anything that we couldn't get done in
about a month and he said it would take
maybe four months to ramp up and that
was only going to be another hundred
thousand so just a drop in the bucket so
it can't be because of lack of money
because this would be so important that
if you could ramp it up and all you
needed was more money well we could get
the money almost instantly right it
can't be about physical facilities in
terms of you know rent and real estate
because again it's an emergency so if we
needed to find twenty five you know
warehouses to quickly turn into little
factories to make this I feel like we
could do that in a week right because
everything's just sort of sitting around
idle people would step up they'd say
yeah you can use my building whatever so
what is that this holding it up is it
just supply in terms of some of the raw
materials is that the swabs or the
little cotton tips the little containers
is that is that all because I'm sure I'm
trying to think what what in the world
would take four months in an emergency
because this could actually be the the
most important thing if you could test
everybody at home and have an answer
today I feel like you'd be on top of the
virus pretty quickly so just a curiosity
I would love more visibility and what it
is that's holding it up and maybe
there's some way we can help who knows
Stephen also said that there are a whole
bunch of therapeutics and some of them
sounded pretty promising
you know everything sounds promising
until it isn't I think at this point our
hopes and dreams for something as simple
as hydroxychloroquine plus as if through
bison and plus think if it works at all
yeah of course it would be the the early
stages but if it works at all I feel
like we'd know it by now like we
wouldn't be wandering we'd say uh yeah
it's just so obvious we're gonna stop
the trials because it's just so obvious
it wouldn't be fair to deny it to
anybody while we're waiting so I think
you've I think if the even if the
three-pack if it really was making a
difference I feel like we'd know so I
would bet against it at this point so
I'm still putting my odds at 60% that in
hydroxychloroquine is not the answer but
there's someone out there too
therapeutics that are being working on
that it looks like I don't think we've
ever seen such such creativity and you
know I said a few days ago that we're
gonna see the next two weeks will be the
most amazing two weeks maybe of human
history yeah that's a lot to say for any
two-week period but in terms of how much
is going to get invented in the next two
weeks or even you know the beginning of
completely transforming the systems that
you know form our civilization the next
two weeks are just going to be off the
hook
and we're going to see all kinds of
stories about
the therapies of the type you never even
thought could be a thing things to boost
your immune system things to protect
your lungs things to stop it from
spreading
there is could be crazy in the next two
weeks in a good way
so CNN is if you haven't watched the end
today and tonight
oh my god it's interesting because see
that is pretending or they've talked
themselves into it or they believe it
I'd actually can't tell that President
Trump said in public that you know maybe
maybe we should consider some kind of
imbibing of Clorox and Lysol now CNN is
playing a very clever game with us
because they're they're preventing their
viewers from seeing the full context
which would totally explain it away so
that that's the first thing to do the
other thing they do is they use a
variety of words for what they allege
Trump did or said that actually didn't
really happen what so they they
sometimes use the word he used which is
injection but sometimes they say drink
as if he actually said you know people
should drink any of these substances no
he didn't say drink it let's purely made
up so they're using drink sometimes and
also ingest now do you think ingest
suggests that a medical professional is
carefully you know administering it with
a syringe no would you here ingest this
sort of suggests that the president
maybe was thinking people shouldn't
drink it which didn't happen right so
they're playing a very clever game with
their words to describe what he's doing
and they're they're using them sort of
almost and you know somewhat randomly
and you'll never see anybody s CNN
answer this question which is who really
thought the President of the United
States
suggesting Lysol and Clorox to scrub the
virus and the people's body I mean
really
is there anybody at CNN who interpreted
it that way I totally I totally get the
point that the president was unclear and
I completely accept that that could be a
problem for somebody who's
extraordinarily dumb
how dumb well let me give you an idea of
how dumb see you then believes the
public is by the way I don't think
they're wrong so I'm not going to
disagree but this is how dumb CNN thinks
our audiences and some of them might in
fact be this tub they believe that some
people might actually hear what the
president said and here's the funny part
they think that without them continually
reporting on this that there would be
enough people who heard the president
say it and their own interpretation
would have been without anybody telling
you how to interpret it yeah this is the
magic trick they do if the public had
just seen the president talking and
there never been any news coverage
nobody ever wrote a story about it they
just watched it live just as it happened
what would the public's opinion of that
be this is this is the entire opinion
they'd have huh looks like he's just
brain struggling a little bit I didn't
really understand that part yeah now
what's for dinner that's it that's it
nobody at the public would have even
registered that he said something that
could be even be a problem because it
was just in a list of things he was
brainstorming about you don't know
what's practical what is it sounds like
it could be a thing he's using you know
he's not using medical words he's using
layperson words anyway so the president
put that out there and now CNN is
pretending that he really he really
somehow bent that
so of course they did a follow-up
question with the president and I
thought that myself thank goodness the
president is just going to clarify this
and he'll just say no no I wasn't
talking about adjusting those things I
was saying that those are the things you
know the bleach of the most appropriate
on the outside world and then I was also
talking about the light therapy that is
injected into the trachea with the
ventilator tube and that's a new thing
and I was just saying that if the light
is a disinfectant is there a way to you
know basically scrub the lungs and
disinfect them with maybe this light
therapy yeah you're right I said it a
little bit awkwardly but of course I did
mean to suggest anybody would use
exterior cleaning products of their body
that would be crazy so that's what I
thought he might say how'd that go it
turns out if you've been following the
news the approach that I just outlined
was not exactly the path he took I can't
say I saw Cometh didn't see it coming
what he said was that he was responding
to reporters in the audience and he was
being sarcastic what it was like he
wasn't even answering the questions that
was asked it was like and and I don't
think there was one person in the world
what be they supporter or be they critic
and the president I don't think there
was one person in the world who believed
him yeah you said it was sarcasm right
and and so I'm thinking all right we
can't read his mind but let's just
speculate what do we think he was
thinking when he said you know an answer
this is the most ridiculous answer that
not even his
arted supporters can buy and then
they're like yeah I believe that all
over the country there were people
having to save experience the Trump
supporters they were saying all right
I got you had this you were taking it
out of context I got you back I will I
will go in social media and I'll tell
those people what really happened just
as long as you wait what did you just
say what did you just say and then you
have to like rethink the whole thing
you're like okay ah why would you say
that don't know never will know because
it was an internal thought he had
something happened
let me speculate because this is for
entertainment over right it's all
speculative do you remember when Trump
answered the famous Rosie O'Donnell
question in the first debate in the
primaries at the and I and I told you
that the beauty of the Rosie O'Donnell
answer is that it was ridiculous didn't
really address the question I mean not
in a serious way but then he read but he
ran out the clock and everybody laughed
and sort of made fun of the way he
answered it and somehow it completely
eliminated the criticism like the
criticism just evaporated because his
answer was so much more interesting than
the criticism and then we just sort of
moved on and then he became president
against all odds and I remember that was
the moment that I literally stood up and
said ah I wonder if he can do that again
meaning is this a reaper is this a
reproducible thing okay can he just own
somebody in real time like that hard
with doing something just ridiculous and
her sanity cab you can do it a lot so
here's my speculation I I wouldn't you
know die on this hill
being true that makes sense to me I
think he said to himself what is my
alternative think about it what was the
other thing he could have said if he had
said any version of what I said that's
all we'd be talking about we'd be
running his clip
and they showed that what he explained
that they'd show what he said and then
they'd leave stuff out so it looked like
he didn't say what he explained he said
because they would take the context out
then the pundits would lie they would
say no you didn't say that you really
said this I heard it with my own ears
what would it get him if he had told
what I think is the truth which is that
he was talking about disinfecting the
lungs directly with you know either UV
light or it could have been a gas
because it turns out that there are some
situations in which there's something
like God Oh
hydrogen peroxide gas or something so
there are there are therapies suggested
by smart people scientists and doctors
and stuff that involve some kind of
gaseous stuff pumped into your lungs to
do something so the president was
speculating but imagine tried to explain
that it would just be a complete and
nightmare and a distraction because
that's all he'd be doing is like no I
meant this and then CNN would say no you
did look at the quo we took out of
context that's proof that you didn't
mean that now you said something crazy
about drinking drinking Clorox and we
caught you in a lie about it BAM he
didn't have an alternative route so my
point is the president was completely
trapped because simply simply talking
about the topic was bad for him the more
they talk about it the more they've got
a tape the more they can compare what he
said look for these tiny details that
are different it would just be non-stop
packing him to death of this topic so
like the Rosie O'Donnell trap where his
campaign was over he was in a corner
there was no way he's getting out of
this this you know this question and
that he does right in front of your eyes
like like Houdini
and so we saw him being trapped by the
media and that he says I was being
sarcastic and then they say
I really don't know what to do with that
the do you see the weird genius of it
and again I don't know if that's his the
if that was his thought process so I
can't tell you for sure it was genius
but I will tell you that he has extra
tools and what and among his extra tools
is the fact that he will use nuclear
grade to run out the clock so I
believe he just ran out the clock and
said something so ridiculous that they
didn't even know what to do with it
just like the Rosie O'Donnell comment is
so ridiculous that a standard news
person or pundit can just sort of report
it because you don't even know what to
say about it it's just so weird because
it's so obviously not true and you know
it's not true but as long as he acts
like he means it's true there's no
follow-up question right what's the
follow-up question once he says it's
it's sarcasm
there's no follow-up question and that's
the end of it and then he goes on to
something else after he runs out the
clock and I'm thinking to myself I don't
know how planned it was I just know that
he managed to pull a rabbit out of a hat
and turn what was you know best-case
scenario it looked like it was going to
be a terrible terrible thing and he
turned it into a slightly less terrible
thing that's just sort of weird that I
think we'll forget about in a week so I
don't know or or he just thought people
would believe it don't know we don't
know what he was thinking but it was
pretty funny all right so this is how
dumb CNN thinks you are so Anderson
Cooper was talking about the story he
was talking about how you know you don't
want somebody to hear about these
exterior cleaning products that try to
use them themselves so that so they're
worried is that somebody would try to be
their own doctor and had been just
administer these deadly poisons that are
meant for household
cleaning but that Edison Cooper has
somebody odd who starts talking about
that a UV light therapy that is inserted
into the trachea - you know disinfect
the virus and then the Anderson because
he's sort of on a roll he decides to say
that this could be dangerous to suggest
that UV light inserted into the lungs or
the trachea that are my work because
what if somebody home hears that they
take their own UV light and they shove
it down their own trachea into their own
loves and then hurt themselves did it
sound like I just made that up because I
didn't just make that up
Anderson Cooper was actually worried
that if somebody thought this a special
afar UV light was good for the corona
virus that they might shove it down
their own throat so far that they would
be injured by shoving a light down their
throat and well I would not want I would
not want anyone to do such a thing I
have to wonder if we would miss that
person would we miss that person you
know if if there was a family member of
yours who you know of course you'd love
your family but if a family member of
yours died by trying to shove a UV light
down his or her throat until he gagged
to death or possibly electrocuted to
himself or herself would you say to
yourself I'm sure gonna miss Karl or
would you say well that was gonna happen
one way or the other
I mean the tiber was odd Karl I don't
think Karl was gonna live to 80 if you
know what I mean Karl was gonna find a
way it just happened to be today it was
the UV light they got him he you did
pretty well I mean it was one of those
you know long ones you got it you got
about three-quarters down and it was
just the last the last edge
perforated his his bottom bit his lungs
and but otherwise it was a it was a dear
biscuit all right one of the things I
wonder if the if the virus models have
calculated is do you think that the
virus models have calculated how good
young people are as staying away from
old people have you ever seen a young
person who really wanted to spend some
time with an old person it happens I'm
not gonna say it never happens but if
you're a young person how much work are
you putting it to spending time with old
people anyway and what do you do do you
say to yourself I'm sure glad I'm
spending time with these old people
because that's that's what I wanted to
do today in order to spend a bunch of
time with some old people no I think
more likely people will say are you
telling me I have an excuse about to
visit grandma really I don't have to
visit grandma this is the best day ever
and I can just say grandma it's not me
it's it's it's the orange man orange
band bad says I can't come visit you oh
I want to oh oh well I just don't think
that the the models have factored in
just how airtight that separation is
going to be if you give the young just a
little bit of an excuse just a little
bit of an excuse all right I'm gonna
teach you some more the secrets of life
you're ready for that first of all
there's some bath of the the bath of
life I'll call it the bath of the
external world if you don't know this
kind of math and I'm using the word bath
pretty liberally if you don't understand
these things it's gonna be hard to
succeed in life and I'll just quickly
mention what they are if you don't know
what how to diversify your portfolio or
even at it diversify your life you're
going to be in trouble because
diversification just works it just
always works in my case I diverse
my bosses so I don't have a boss who
could fire me because if I only had one
boss that would be terrible so I have
lots of customers so lots of my
customers can fire me and I still have a
job
so diversify your bosses diversify your
customers diversify your portfolio it's
one of the most important pieces of math
of life you'll ever learn if you put
together your talent stack I talk about
this all the time it's not just that if
you had one talent to the one you have
it's not that you have twice as much the
bath of life is that you have something
like three or four times as many options
and every time you add something it's
like your options double so so the math
of talent stacks is that they they just
multiply very quickly every time you
have a talent
here's something else in terms of luck
of the odds go where there's luck go
where there's lots of energy where
there's an industry that's taken enough
where it's a it's a happening place if
you have the option you know we don't
all have the option of travel but if you
get the chance go where the energy is
when I left college I sold my car from
one way ticket to San Francisco why
because there was a lot of energy there
lots of options lots of stuff and so
some of that energy I could take
advantage of you need some kind of a
strategy for making money here here or
two one strategy is to sell large things
like houses or office buildings or or
commercial jets you know just selling
really big ticket items and then taking
your percentage you get pretty rich that
way another way would be to sell
something that's less expensive but it
could be reproduced easily such as a
Dilbert cartoon or a any kind of a
license agreement and they can t find a
book that sort of thing so it doesn't
have to be one of these two things but
you should have a strategy of life that
if it works out its uncapped it can just
grow to the moon well you don't want to
do is sell your time because the math
doesn't work if you're selling your time
and getting paid by the hour
there's really a limit to how much money
you'll ever have because your time
cannot be infinitely more expensive
networking with other people is one of
those things that increases your odds of
success you know buying factors of you
know five every time you meet somebody
that's probably an exaggeration but
every time you meet one person it
connects you to all of the people they
know so the math of networking is meet
one person and you sort of somewhat
adopt their network because you can
always ask that one person for help and
that person will say oh yeah I know a
guy let me connect you so the math of
networking is really strong the math of
compounding you know if you just add a
little knowledge to to your life every
day I try to learn something every day
even if it's minimal yeah that compounds
so the same way that money and interest
compounds so too does knowledge so not
just in the talents that way that's a
special way but any kind of knowledge it
compounds because the knowledge starts
forming connections and patterns that
will allow you to take from one field
and say you know that reminds me of what
the the yukon tribes been dead and you
know I'll use that when I build my
network so you're looking for patterns
around the world and the more of them
you see the more you can put together
and then just risk management in general
so you know there's lots of etcetera
here and miscellaneous but these are the
big things right so these are the
external things you got to get right but
on the other side of the whiteboard is
the fun stuff if you've got the math of
life right the next thing you need to do
is reprogram your brain to optimize it
so that you're an optimized the
instrument in this this thing we call
life so
I was asked in a prior periscope to give
you a little lesson on hacking your
brain and I'll do this very quickly I
know it looks complicated but it's
really not it's not so taking it this
way think of it in terms of brain
hacking is there's power and then
there's designed so this is this is just
you know how much energy energy your
brain is producing you know you think of
it it's like horsepower or wattage and
to have a powerful brain you got to take
care of your your diet and your exercise
your sleep you want to challenge
yourself to learn new things and add
variety to your life so you're not you
know bored about looking at the same
stuff and it's good to have a purpose to
energize yourself alright so in my case
you know that I've been trying to teach
myself the drums because that for me is
a big challenge because that's so
outside my my realm of you know any kind
of national talent so but I do that
intentionally because I've tried to
power my brain so I'm always paying
attention to these now the biggest
mistake people make in my opinion maybe
in their whole life yeah this is this
might be the biggest mistake people make
in their whole life and you're not going
to believe it but I'll tell you and that
is to think that diet and exercise are
the things that you can put off because
you're busy you know those are the
things you look well I'll just he's so
fast food it's faster then I'll skip the
gym today but if you get these things
right every other part of your life is
easier you know your job your your
romantic life your health your your
brain actually will function better just
everything's better so if you don't
start here you're you're gonna be in bad
shape
alright so then the next part is design
that this is the fun part you should
read a book called habit there are
several books you can just google it so
learn how to build habits building a
habit is doing something in a repetitive
way that gives you a reward
and there's a payoff so like Pavlov's
dogs they would salivate when the bell
was rung because they knew this in food
was coming you can actually train
yourself like a dog to do the things
that you wanted to do simply by giving
yourself a reward so I've said before
that if I exercise I always make sure
that after my exercise I've scheduled
some downtime where I'm just relaxing
you having the protein shake cup of
coffee
protein bar looking at my Twitter or
whatever stuff I want to do so it's just
this really good feeling of being done
exercising and you just you know
chilling out so build in little rewards
for the things you want to make habits
and read my book had a failed almost
everything and still win big to learn
how to build systems to make all this
stuff easy ideally you want to build
systems that make it easier to do things
right then it would be to do it wrong
that's the whole thing so you're working
on your your brain so don't think in
terms of how can I make my muscle bigger
that's the wrong mindset you should
think in terms of how can I make
exercise a habit because if you get that
right everything else is going to work
out eventually you're gonna say well I
go to the gym everyday maybe I'll try
that other machine or maybe I'll maybe
I'll talk to Bob and see what he's doing
try what he's doing so you end up doing
everything right in the long run just by
trial and error and learning how to
exercise properly but you got to get the
habit or have anything right that's what
they have a feel book will tell you all
right so here are the other things
contrast oh did I leave off the most
important one I did Association so
that's that's the concept behind
building a habit so if you associate hey
every time I do this I get a reward
you've associated a reward and I've used
this technique of associating a
a reward with a behavior you can change
your preferences you can change
literally you can change your
preferences you which would effectively
make you a different person if you had
different preferences show the full
board there you go
and do - sorry that's about right and so
anytime you want to to make yourself
like something that you don't want to
like associate it with something
pleasurable and eventually you'll just
you'll just train yourself contrast is
the idea that you use contrast all the
time so you would say for example well
what's the worst thing that could happen
and if you think the worst thing that
could happen is you know unlikely and
it's over here then what does happened
that's more likely just doesn't seem so
bad
so you've print you probably will
recognize the times to use contrast but
if you use it wilfully you can fool
yourself into liking something that you
didn't like as much simply by thinking
of something that contrasts with it in
the way that it helps you go there that
way so you want to focus whatever you
focus on the the act of focusing on
something causes you to tune your mind
to notice notice opportunities I was
walking down to the street yesterday and
I found a twenty dollar bill
laying in the the grass next to the
sidewalk and and you might ask yourself
well how long has that been there like
you know it's a sidewalk how many people
didn't see a $20 bill laying on the
ground and it was but it was old and
withered but I I've always expected to
find money since I was a kid one day I
found a bunch of money by the side of
the street so I told myself when I was a
kid to always look for money and so I do
so if I'm just walking somewhere but is
this just a lifetime habit I'm always
looking for money and you would be
amazed how often you can find money
lying on the ground if you're looking
for it if you're not looking for it
apparently you don't see it because I
saw a $20 bill lying there
I don't know how many people walk by
before that so I spend lots of times
literally picking up free money because
if you focus on anything it Tunes your
filter to just see more of it so that's
a hack framing is important for example
when I say I told you the trick of
instead of seeing yourself as you know
this creature in the world that's
oppressing you don't think of yourself
as a victim
that's one frame think you yourself as
somebody who's gonna win and another
frame is to imagine that you're a
creature inside a robot body and this is
just a game you're playing and when
you're moving your big robot body this
isn't you
the this body is not me the B is inside
me and I'm just telling this what to do
and it's just like a video game and
that's a that's a frame that you can use
to avoid stress because it just puts you
in a whole different world you like up
I'm just operating the video game
alright well boo now it doesn't have to
be true it just has to be an imaginary
world that you can put yourself into to
get an effect in other words you could
hack your brain by simply changing your
frame you don't have to believe it
that's the important part
you simply have to spend time thinking
in that way to get the the result yeah
ego death is very important your ego is
what usually holds you back because
you're afraid of being embarrassed
you're afraid of being rejected you're
afraid of getting fired and your ego is
what is what makes you afraid because
your ego tells you you're important
the moment you realize you're completely
unimportant because the universe is just
particles bumping around then you know
you can get past those fears so these
fears will hold you back until you learn
to kill your ego you might use
psychedelics to do that alright
shelf space is the idea that whatever
you spend time thinking about Prowse out
the other thoughts so if you have a
natural if you have a natural
inclination to think negative thoughts
there's nothing you can do to stop at
negative thoughts directly you can't say
stop thinking about that that doesn't
work that would not be a brave act
but you can fill up all the space with
your own thoughts so you can actively
say all right I'm gonna think about X
think about X thinks about it and if I
find some kind of pleasant the
hypothetical thought I would often think
about being invited to the White House
for decades I would think all right what
would I do that would cause me to get
invited to the White House now yeah
because we must live in the simulation I
eventually got invited to the White
House
which is weird you know what are the
odds of that but it doesn't matter if
it's likely or unlikely it doesn't have
to be something you think might happen
just think of what would be the most fun
thing that could happen and just live in
that world for a while especially if
you're trying to go to sleep
it'll just crowd out the bad thoughts
and eventually you learn to those bad
thoughts will atrophy after a while
because if you don't reinforce them they
will shrink over time it might take
years but they will optimism is what you
fill your shelf space with you the power
of positive thinking is extraordinarily
powerful because if you're a positive
person people want to be around you
you're going to take the right kind of
risks you're gonna you're gonna you know
not be crushed by failure as you say oh
you know I'll make it next time
optimism is partly I think something
that's natural
and some people but it is my experience
that you can totally hack this one this
is one of the most hackable elements in
the whole situation you can simply act
like an optimist and you get the same
results and eventually you become one
and so I would say that I spent years
pretending to be an optimist and now I
am because it because it's just my
reflex to say oh yeah
that's some bad news but what about all
this stuff there's gonna be some good
stuff so you simply built a habit a
habit of optimism you simply say an
optimistic thing
or you think an optimistic thing as a
rule if anything negative comes out of
your mouth this is where the rules I try
to follow you know as best I can if I
have to say something negative and we
all have to sometimes I try to come up
with something positive and it's just my
rule so that's a brain ACK say something
negative because you couldn't avoid it
boom and a positive thing fills up your
shelf space you want to also travel and
you know optionally psychedelics because
the more experiences you have the more
you understand that your point of view
is subjective so if you travel you'd be
other people who see the world so
differently and yet they can survive and
their families and good lives you say
wait a minute
why is it that all these people are
seeing a completely different reality
they've got a different religion their
beliefs it's all different and yet they
get along fine their life is fine you
really have to experience that to
understand how subjective your your
experience of life is and of course the
talents stack is a way to hack your
brain because you're adding talents that
are unique I'm sorry you're adding
talents that stack well together they
just work together well that makes you
unique and that literally is changing
the structure of your brain but if you
have the right talents knack
they will also form connections that
would not be obvious now an obvious
connection would be let's say you're
good at engineering and then you learn
to be a public speaker well it's obvious
that those two just go together but
that's all they do they just work well
together but suppose you learned physics
and programming you probably would have
more opportunity to just say you know
nobody's ever done this in programming
before but in the world of physics they
solve a problem this way I wonder if I
could learn something from physics and
then take it over to this other field
even as an analogy to sort of brainstorm
and then
up with a solution so a talent stack
will allow you to have accidental
connections that can be very valuable
and and here's the fun part these are
these are actually like physical changes
in your brain everything you learned is
a physical change in your brain
otherwise you wouldn't be maintained you
need to learn persuasion the whole topic
because it allows you to see it to
recognize it and then you know act more
act more effectively so this is more of
a catch-all visualizing is very
important you want to visualize exactly
what it is that you want if if you want
something specific just think about it
and visualize it you could you could
call this affirmations the act of
writing down and visualizing your goal
15 times that you write it down 15 times
they visualize it very important because
your brain is a visual engine and so if
you get your visual focus on and this is
really related to focus as well so if
you've got a visual element to your
focus and improves your focus you get
all those benefits
I also recommend having stories of you
which is to cobble together the stories
of your life that in your opinion would
represent you and you can you have the
option of forgetting the stories that
would be inconvenient or you wouldn't
like what that did to you now of course
those bad stories may well be part of
your occur personality but you can
choose to sort of craft yourself into
the version you want to be by simply
deciding which stories define you I told
you that my stories have me winning
against all odds and indeed I
experienced it in my real life
I seem to win against all odds fairly
consistently well like way more than the
any kind of statistical probability
would suggest I assume it's just you
know psychological and it can all be
explained somehow but make some stories
of you that turn you into the person you
want to be and then of course setting
your priorities is
you too and your brain to decide what's
important and yeah manage everything
else so those are the main hacking
techniques if I thought about it I could
probably think of a half a dozen or a
dozen more but these are the ones I use
and I would say that you're not gonna
get some gigantic benefit on day one
these are the things that you should
find find a way to use all of your life
when I became a trained hypnotist and I
could see the the actual mechanical
let's say reality of your brain that the
the way hypnotist work is they don't
have a belief system that's important
anyway so hypnosis is just a set of
techniques that have been figured out
over time and the hypnotist knows well
when I do this I get this kind of
outcome and that's really that's what it
is it sounds very much like programming
so you know if you're programming the
computer you don't say well what will be
the motivation of the of the hardware
when it sees my code it doesn't have
motivation it just executes the code and
a hypnotist learns that the human mind
is just like that the human mind
artificially assigns reasons to things
but the reasons are real they're their
rationalizations after the fact the the
the reason that the brain did it is
because some software was introduced
that's all your brain just did with the
software told it to do and then after
that you say well the reason I did this
is because my priority isn't my
philosophy and all that but it's not
real all right
somebody just said in the comments this
is an amazing chat group except for all
the trolls true enough I'm just looking
at some of your comments to see if any
of this was good for you it looks like
some if you've got something out of this
good yeah norman vincent peale was the
author of the power of positive thing
that President Trump was influenced by
as was I and I will see you tomorrow you
know where to find me
why now I don't want to turn it off
because all I'm getting compliments
they'll so hold on for a second I have
to read the compliments because as much
as managing your ego is important you
know and I very much about being able to
turn it down to zero but it's also good
for your motivation and your energy if
you do something well and somebody
notices it so I've actually just sort of
enjoying the fact that people were happy
about what they saw today very
motivating you know I told you that the
thing you should the one metric in your
life that you should track is your
energy so follow your energy that it's
the most reliable you know guide for
where to go and doing this the the
reason I do these periscopes is because
I followed my energy there was no plan
beyond that except I would learn some
stuff I guess but I do enjoy this
tremendously all right you're gonna have
a great day sleep tonight you're gonna
be thinking about all the things you'll
probably try some of these techniques
before you you before you drift off if
there's one that you could do that would
be the most important to get to sleep
it's the shelf space one think about
shelf space and then consciously fill it
with the coolest thoughts you can think
of don't worry about what you're doing
tomorrow don't do the list don't think
about tomorrow's day that's the worst
thing you can do think about some purely
imaginary fun thing that might never
happen but wouldn't it be cool if it did
and take that thought to bed tonight and
I will talk to you in the morning