this is looking
good well wow wow stocks are
up bitcoin's
up everything's looking good today well
we got a
show you might actually want to see
it hold on hold
on all right I can make this work
there we
go good morning everybody and welcome to
the highlight of human civilization it's
called coffee with Scott Adams and I can
assure you that you've never had a
better time in your whole life but if
you'd like to take this up to levels
that nobody can even comprehend with
their shiny tiny human brains all you
need is a cuper muger a glass of tanker
gels D in the canteen Jugger flask a
vessel of any kind fill it with your
favorite liquid I like coffee and join
me now for the unparallel pleasure the
dop me need of the day the thing that
makes everything better it's called the
simultaneous Sip and it happens
now oh my goodness I'm seeing in the
comments a sign from Berkeley that says
conservatives wel welcome is there an
official Berkeley statement that they're
welcoming
conservatives that's not
true it's not even close to true that
they're welcoming conservatives it's
ridiculous well the top of the news
according to science alert drinking
caffeine May reduce your Alzheimer's
clumps yeah if you've got some clumps in
your head
and you put enough coffee in there the
coffee will remove your Alzheimer
clumps I feel like I got a little clump
forming so if you don't mind then can
take one more sip to see if I can
declump that so the show is that much
better I think it's working yeah yeah I
feel the clump going
away excellent
all right here's your uh simulation
thought for the day this is going to
ruin your whole
day here's what's going to happen AI is
going to train on everything in the real
world so it's going to suck up the
entire internet already has then it's
going to learn from robots who are doing
real things so as the robots are
learning how to do things the other
robots will get that knowledge and then
they'll all be able to do things
however between the time that AI has
sucked up everything that's on the
internet and the time that there are
enough robots operating in the real
world just like there are people there's
going to be this period where the AI is
going to be trained on artificial
worlds in other words the AI will create
an imaginary an imaginary world and then
it will observe the imaginary world to
learn things for the real world
how many imaginary worlds will each AI
platform form in order to train
itself the answer is more than
one so every uh every AI That's based in
the real world will be creating probably
multiple AIS just to train itself so for
example it might train an AI about a guy
who lives in the real world but he he
doesn't really he thinks he does he
thinks he's a cartoonist and he thinks
he has one water leak related problem
after another for his entire life and
can't get over the fact that it's such a
bad
coincidence for example right now my my
neighbors are saying is there some
reason that this stream of water is
running from your property down the road
to which I say hm I guess that will be
number
1,625 things that I will have to look
into to find out about my water leak
problems could it be that I am an
artificial training
module who is supposed to live something
like a normal life except it's peppered
with continuous problems in just a few
different domains I have a few other
patterns like the water thing where
there's something that happens to me
over and over just my entire life just
to me over and over and as soon as one
part is done the new a new part will
jump in to replace it now that can't be
a coincidence it really can't be there's
just no way that these are coincidences
so I've for a longest time I've been
under the impression that I'm a training
module but I never thought I was
training AI I always assumed I was
training just people in another
realm but it it makes far more sense
since we know our AI will create
training
modules the odds are that we're a
training module or the odds are that I'm
a training module and you might be NPCs
I don't know or there could be one big
fake world but then the individuals are
placed into it in artificial situations
that they can spot so I will add to the
uh the thing that uh Elon Musk says
often that if you're going to create
even one artificial World you'll
probably create more than one so the
number of artificial ones that think
think they real will Des will
definitely uh far out number maybe a
billion to one the number that are
real did you know uh there's a report
from no Ridge no with a KN o uh that MIT
Engineers have figured out how to use
solar power for
desalinization now you might say to
yourself uh Scott I'm pretty sure they
already know how to use elect
electricity to desalinate water duh well
here's what they did that's different
they don't need a battery normally if
you're desalinating you have to put a
constant amount of pressure to shoot the
water through the filter usually or
whatever it is that that they're using
to desalinate but the MIT Engineers
found a way to moderate how much energy
is going into the desalinization based
on how much sun there is at any moment
and that gets rid of the need for
battery storage which is a big big big
big big deal it means that you listen to
this number so I saw a picture that
looked like it was maybe like the the
size of the I don't know the back of a
small van or something uh but I couldn't
tell how much that was the active part
of the equipment but it fit in there so
it's you know it's not as big as a
building it's some you can put in a
truck and it made
um 5,000 L I think I think where's that
number it made 5,000 lers of clean water
in one
day even as the weather was changing so
it wasn't always sunny and it wasn't
always daytime and it still made 5,000
lers of clean water in one day that
feels like a lot of water isn't it like
how how how much would you need to take
a
shower how many liters I don't know it's
hard to put that in
perspective anyway did you know that
there's a new University in America
that's sort of anti-woke and some
billionaires are funding it so in Austin
the University of Austin is brand new uh
well brand new November 2021 it started
it's got a couple of big billionaires
behind it it's got uh Haron Crow
and Jeff
yass and uh it's small it's only got 92
kids in it but it's growing so here the
free market is doing the free market
thing so there's actually a college you
could go to now without all the woke
garbage will it work I don't know I
still think that Ai and robots are going
to you know be the new education system
of the future I I don't think the idea
of driving somewhere and some big
organizations in charge of your I don't
know if that model is going to work in
the long
run so anyway you probably all know the
story yesterday Elon musk's uh
Starship took off and and not only
successfully took off and separated
which is what they were testing but the
hard part was the
reusability the reusability depends on
this thing uh I can't I guess they can't
do it the way the other Rockets do which
is simply to land you know standing up
for some reason it can't do it I think
has to do with the size of the weight or
something
so instead they've uh musk designed a
gigantic set of
Chopsticks that's what he calls it it's
like two arms or like Chopsticks and
this
gigantic rocket falls down and these
Chopsticks grab it before it hits the
ground and you don't even believe this
could possibly work like it's the most
ridiculously
unlikely successful thing you've ever
seen in your life like I would have I
would have made a pretty big bet that
that wouldn't work there it is it's like
it's probably like a billion doll B that
paid off
so I have to say that was one of the
most inspiring things I've seen and uh
I'm going to say what you're all
thinking but you don't want to say out
loud because you're good people and you
don't like to cause
trouble did you notice that we got the
biggest most impressive technical
achievement out of the company that's
most famous for ignoring
Dei is that a
coincidence it might be it might be a
coincidence but it's hard to ignore that
there's one person who's the most vocal
about being
anti-woke and that that very same
person's company did something that we
didn't even think could be done in
America anymore because we don't have
other companies doing something that
impressive anymore so we just sort of
thought well I guess we're done doing
impressive things and then he does
something that's so impressive the
entire world stopped and said wait what
are you doing over there what did you
really just send an enormous rocket into
space and then just catch it with giant
Chopsticks you did my God that is
impressive
now I don't want to go too far and say
that yes it's because they ignore Dei
that's why they're successful that's not
that's not an Evidence that's not
inevidence I'm just saying it would be a
weird coincidence if the person who's
most famous for w for being uh in favor
of
Merit coincidentally had the best
success I mean it could be a
coincidence but I doubt
it I doubt
it by the way I do think they probably
do have some some some kind of Dei
efforts but maybe they don't go crazy on
it
probably they
do
um here's a here's a stat from Evil
Texan on X did you know SpaceX has
13,000
employees and they're doing amazing
things and NASA has uh 42,000
employees and your tax money is paying
for it on like
SpaceX and so far the 42,000 uh
employees that NASA have managed also a
success so they're both good so SpaceX
has put imposs Rockets into space and
rescued some
astronauts and NASA with its 42,000
employees not to be
outdone uh they've launched a gay flag
so a gay flag so they've uh they've
matched the regular flag with a gay gay
flag and you know it didn't
itself people I mean that flag didn't
just get on that pole by itself that
required NASA and it's 42,000 employees
so good job NASA of uh raising a
flag SpaceX uh halfway to Mars okay uh
meanwhile in a uh story that shouldn't
be funny but it is Bill Clinton went to
McDonald's and he was being filmed from
a short distance away you know just to
see and and the idea was uh apparently
they were trying to see the reaction of
the staff when Bill Clinton walks in and
orders a hamburger imagine just imagine
what the ordinary staff would be they're
they're just doing their McDonald's job
it's like oh would you like some fries
you know here you know would you like
something with that apple pie and then
the next customer that walks in is Bill
Clinton just by himself
he walks up to the cashier and the
cashier now just so you can imagine it
it's not important to the story but just
so you can visualize it imagine a uh
maybe 20 something year old uh black
woman and she looks up and she sees Bill
Clinton standing on the other side of
the cash register and she
goes Joe Biden
and Bill
Clinton had to introduce
himself uh no I'm Bill Clinton well then
she was very impressed she she did
recognize that name and they got along
great um so that wasn't exactly what
they were planning on when Bill Clinton
went to McDonald's but it was still good
was still
fun so apparently Duke Energy had this
big solar farm in Florida it's where
they've got you know gigantic number of
solar panels on big fields and I guess
hurricane Milton or more specifically
probably a tornado associated with it
just ripped a path right through the
middle of it so one of the problems with
solar panels is that a big wind storm
will just rip them up I don't know is a
do you think that a nuclear power plant
would have problems from wind or a
tornado would a tornado hurt a nuclear
power plant I feel like they would make
sure that it wouldn't that that would be
kind of basic to make sure that it was
hardened against
that um but the the solar panels just
got
destroyed
anyway um so there's a report of a
potential third assassination attempt
against Trump uh but there's a little
ambiguity this time because the person
who was captured didn't have guns with
him but he had guns in his car he uh
apparently is a well-documented
longtime uh Trump
supporter and there's evidence of it
more than just him saying it so he he's
got a some girlfriend type who says I've
been going to Trump events with him
forever he's he's a trump supporter but
the local police um local police sheriff
said that because the guy should showed
up with multiple passports uh and
different names he had an unregistered
vehicle with a fake license plate he had
loaded firearms in it and uh apparently
had some some fake way to get into the
VIP
section and the sheriff says if you're
asking right right now I probably did
have wus that prevented the third
assassination attempt so basically says
he the sheriff says we have a serious
serious problem in this country because
this is a common sense and reason in
other words the sheriff is
saying that this guy was so sketchy in
in his behavior not his thoughts we
don't know what his thoughts were but
his behavior was so sketchy that to
imagine it
wasn't that he wasn't up to something no
good is sort of
unreasonable
but from what I can tell there's pretty
good evidence he's a trump supporter
so this one's a funny one um I don't
think I'm going to take the side of him
being a
assassin but anything's possible Right
anything's possible so I'm not going to
rule it out but inocent to proven guilty
he has a history of being a trump
supporter and before that apparently he
was a Bernie guy and I don't think the
Bernie guy who becomes a trump supporter
becomes an assassin unless there was
mental illness involved and apparently
there wasn't but on the other hand why
does he need a unregistered car full of
guns and fake passports with different
names well uh I'll just throw out a
possibility there are a lot of trump
supporters who say things like uh I
think Andrew Tate says this that uh you
should have multiple passports because
the country might not be safe meaning
America might not be safe so you might
need a bugout country or or multiple
bugout countries he's not wrong about
that by the way when when Andrew T says
maybe you should have some multiple
passports just in case things go bad
wherever you are that feels like just
sort of basic risk management that's not
crazy at all I I I'm not doing it myself
but it's not
crazy so who knows
we'll find out
maybe uh here's a reminder of something
I did not know at the time maybe uh do
you remember there was a case of the DC
Madam and that there was some famous um
Madam of many prostitutes in DC and she
got picked up arrested and you said to
yourself uhoh all the big names of the
big politicians who use prostitutes are
going to come out you know like like the
depine list came out well more recently
like the Diddy list came out oh wait the
Diddy list didn't come out oh wait the
Epstein list didn't come out oh wait the
DC Madam list was never
released well but at least at least you
know there's this uh that in Congress I
think in the house there's a fund for
paying out sex sexual claims
so at least we've seen the list of all
the SE no no we haven't we haven't so
there are at least four different lists
of sex offenders of high level people
that we know for sure
exist and we'll never see them never see
them now here's something I don't
remember happening in the news so give
me a fact check
um did Alex
Jones what did the DC Madam tell Alex
joned that she wasn't suicidal and then
soon after was found in a suicide is
that a real thing that happened I don't
remember how that situation resolved
itself if that's if that's the right way
to put it but is it true that the DC
Madam said in public to Alex Jones that
she wasn't
suicidal and then committed
suicide allegedly is is that a real
story or did some just some I'm seeing
yeses in the comments how did I not know
that like I missed that
entirely
wow and did you know that people were
trying to get The Client List from that
Madam Reve reversed or no reversed
people were trying to get it revealed
The Client List and uh there was a judge
who decided not to so who was the name
of the judge back in those days who
blocked the client list from being
revealed his name was uh judge Merrick
Garland have you heard of him he would
be the current attorney
general and uh as Mike Ben says who
knows more about this stuff than all of
us put together he says uh Garland is
the mop-up man he's a career janitor on
permanent sweep Duty for Crimes of the
intelligence
State
h Huh now it makes you wonder doesn't
it if you were the you know allegedly
some kind of deep State
people and you wanted to make sure that
you didn't personally go to jail what is
the one job that you'd want to make sure
you had your person in it'd be the
Attorney General wouldn't it you you'd
want to really really make sure the
Attorney General is on your side no
matter who the president is it wouldn't
matter who's who's in office you'd
really really really want to make sure
the Attorney
General's not on the president's side
you know unless by coincidence but more
on your side whoever you
are and I say that because uh Liz
Harrington is talking about uh that in
2020 December
2020 a a quote I rate Bill bar called
investigators looking into Jesse
Morgan's claims of hundreds of thousands
of completed mailin ballots hauled
across state lines
and Bill bar um told the investigators
to stand
down and he was quite agitated it is
reported and told him to stand down do
you remember the reasons he gave for
that the reasons for standing down on
what looked like a very credible claim
of massive election fraud do you
remember the
reasons I
don't I don't remember any
reasons and you know Liz doesn't mention
any I don't remember seeing any in the
news did he have
reasons why why would you have
reasons if the investigators thought
that there was something that was
reported by a as far as I knew a
credible Citizen and it was a report of
the most major crime you could imagine
and then Bill bar was one of the ones
who was you know quite certain that the
election was
fair how could he know that
there's one thing you can't know whether
the election was fair but Bill bar
seemed to act like he knew it don't you
think Bill bar would know because he's
been around everything and he's smart
wouldn't he know that it is
unknowable if somebody cheated and got
away with it the only thing you'd know
is that you didn't have proof from some
court or something that maybe you
believed
but you can't know the election was good
that's not a thing
you can only know you didn't find
anything so here's my
question uh are all the attorney
generals sort of uh deep State people
and it wouldn't matter who the president
was I kind of Wonder Maybe that's the
one thing you have to control and then
everything else takes care of
itself I don't
know let's talk about the propagandist
the propaganda Network
MSNBC um they like to bring in these uh
these crazy generals so the anti-trump
people like to bring in generals the
generals they bring in are the least
impressive generals I've ever seen if
the only thing I knew about the American
Military was the generals that go on TV
and say things about Trump I would
immediately attack the the United States
after seeing like three or four of our
best generals I don't know if they're
the best but see if you see three or
four of our generals go on TV and talk
about how Trump is a
fascist I would just say oh my God they
don't have any leadership there attack
now they all look incompetent so MSNBC
propaganda network has this retired
Major General Randy Manor and he says
quote you you tell me if this sounds
like a
reasoned uh tactical strategic brilliant
general or in this case Major General um
quote president Trump is demonstrating
the attributes of fascism every single
day and every American that is
supporting Trump right now needs to
understand that they are absolutely
supporting fascism if they vote for
Trump and of course there were lots of
reasons to back up that opinion
right he just looked crazy as like
you just have to look at the major
general just look at his eyes look at
his face and if he doesn't look
crazy maybe it's just bias but I mean
they just don't look like they're
playing on the same wavelength as other
people they they just look like oh my
God you were in charge of you were in
charge of
people like how could this person have
been in charge of sending people into
battle my
God anyway um
and then the Joe Scarboro said quote
talking about Trump he says he thinks
fear he thinks loathing he thinks
Darkness wins how do you combat that you
combat it with being defiant but being
joyful talking about Harris she seemed
to strike that tone last night very well
talking about Harris's rally in North
Carolina yeah so according to Joe
Scarboro if you want to beat fear
loathing and darkness you should do it
with
joyfulness well I'd like to give a
little uh persuasion lesson to you
persuasion lesson number
one nothing that Joe Joe scar breu says
is worth listening
to that's number one number
two fear beats
everything joyful doesn't be fear no
fear beats joyful 100% of the
time these that's not even a fair
fight joyful can be
boring joyful can be you know somebody
who's less capable joyful could be
somebody who has maybe better little bit
better
policies so joyful is not empty joyful
can motivate but not against
fear so imagine you're you know there's
a knock on the door and you think it's
the Venezuelan gang coming to get you
what are you going to
do are you going
to ramp up your
joyfulness well it looks like I might be
killed by the people on the other side
of that door that they're knocking hard
trying to knock it down and it looks
like they're all armed as I point out if
I look out the window but if we ramp up
the joy I think we can counteract this
no no joyfulness is not a response to
fear
fear wins every time every time so
that's your persuasion
lesson and it's also the reason that the
uh and keep in mind Morning Joe just had
a major General on to scare Americans
into thinking that Trump was the
scariest fascist alive and then the very
next opinion is well you know joyfulness
beats fear on the same network same
morning the the propaganda Network it's
so funny but here's something you don't
hear about on the news and it it takes
people like me to really point it out
let's see if this works um so here's a
picture you can't see it but it's a
picture of young Joe
Scarboro and uh I think I understand why
he doesn't shave his head because if he
did he would look exactly like one of
those gray aliens that we keep thinking
hearing or kidnapping people now if
you're only listening to this you are
not seeing the hilarious side by-side
pictures of an alien and young Jo Joe
Scarboro but trust me you'd be laughing
so hard right
now all right let me get back to where I
need to
be back on me where we belong speaking
of
propaganda uh the headline in the
Washington Post is uh listen is quote
Trump urges using military to handle
radical left lunatics on Election Day
you think that happened it's in the
Washington Post it's a paper of record
it's one of the news making papers one
of the most respected institutions in
all of
America so do you think it's true that
Trump urge using military to handle the
radical left
lunatics of course not of course
not did he say
quote that if were any trouble around
election day did he say quote it should
be very easily handled by if necessary
my National Guard or if really necessary
by the military because they can't let
that
happen does that sound like urging to
use the military against the radical
left or does it sound like if it's a
last resort we can't have the country
torn apart so you might have to do what
you got to
do I see m ber coming in from the locals
looks like we have a
success that only makes sense to the
people on
locals
um yeah so Trump saying that in the
worst case scenario you would have to do
the thing that nobody wants to do which
is use the military which to me sounds
like a normal person talking in a normal
way Washington Post says he's urging the
military to take care of these rad left
lunatics no that's not exactly what
happened it was sort of a last Last
Resort kind of
thing did you know that Time Magazine is
currently owned by at least in part by
Mark benof the billionaire owner of and
creator of
Salesforce and so that means it's left
leaning because benof is a big Democrat
supporter um but even he's not too happy
that KL Harris refused used an interview
in Time Magazine and he said quote
Harris declined repeated requests for an
interview for this story so Time
Magazine did a big feature story about
Harris without getting to talk to her
now Time Magazine isn't what it used to
be you know it used to be the one of the
most respected news entities at the
moment it's a it's a hollow down you
know Gawker hington post kind of
situation so it's not really what it
used to be but still she she did not do
it and then benof says in contrast Trump
talked about his policy Vision with a
Time reporter for 90 minutes across two
interviews okay that is an unambiguous
statement that said Trump is a better
politician in this specific regard than
Harris that's really
clear you know I I got to tell you that
I think I may have told you this story
uh I used to do a lot of public
speaking and I I've only had one person
who hired me for public speaking tell me
that I did a bad job after I was done it
was Mark Benny off and by the way he
wasn't wrong he wasn't wrong at all
because I wasn't doing speaking when
when the request came in and so I
slapped something together because they
their I guess their speaker cancelled so
the speaker the speaker Bureau said uh
oh we got to find somebody who can drive
there because you know it's too late to
travel and I live locally
so they said you know would you do
something on short notice and I was like
ah I really don't want to but they're
going to pay you a lot of money I was
like oh how much and they said this much
and I said really and I said I'll be
right
there so I hung out hung out with Beno
before the event and I have to say he's
one of the most
impressive people in person you'll ever
meet you know sometimes you meet a a
rich person and you say how' you get
rich must have been luck but you talk to
Benny off you go oh okay I get it I see
how you got rich yeah yeah his
philosophy his whole mannerism his
Charisma his intelligence the whole
thing is there like he's missing nothing
but one of the things that he can do is
he could you know invite me in to give a
talk and then tell me it was bad after
it was
done and and the thing was he wasn't
wrong that's what I appreciated it was
the worst maybe maybe the worst
presentation I've done since I started
doing it years before that so he wasn't
wrong and here he is uh you know he's
very clearly a Democrat but his person
who's on his side
Harris up she said no to Time
magazine for a big feature piece and so
he's just saying okay in public you're
you're no you're no Donald
Trump so the first thing you have to
know about um
Benny off is that he's the real deal if
you do something good he'll say so if
you do something bad he'll say so with
the same level of cander so I mean it's
not an accident that he's a billionaire
it's not an
accident
anyway
um JD van so was talking to ABC's Martha
Raditz and uh he is so good at this JD
Vance is a really good pick because he
he just really dominates the the
interview situation um and that's not
it's not common not everybody can do
that but uh so apparently the mayor of
Aurora Colorado was saying that the uh
the issue with the Venezuelan gangs was
real but it was a handful of problems
and that they were all
handled so there wasn't a real problem
that needed to be addressed at a
national level
there were some problems they took care
of it we're all good now now Trump had
been saying something closer to you know
the the gangs were taking over the city
of Aurora and the mayor was disagreeing
so Martha so uh
Raditz was taking the mayor's um I won't
say she took his side although she did
but she was quoting
him to say that Trump was exaggerating
the the thing now
here's what uh JD did which was a very
clever reframe no that's too nice uh it
was a weasy thing he did but he did it
so well I'm going to I'm going to point
it out so radit says it's only a handful
of problems so she's quoting the mayor
there were only a handful of problems
but the issue was were their apartment
complexes in which the gangs had
basically taken control of of the
apartment buildings
now when you hear the phrase from the
mayor that there were a handful of
problems does that tell you that there
were a handful of Apartments taken over
by gangs or were there a handful of
problems and it wasn't wasn't that they
took over the whole building but they
might have been in a building and they
might have been a problem and then they
took care of
it what what do you hear when I hear
there were a handful of problems I don't
hear they took over over a handful of
apartment
buildings now uh again I I wasn't there
maybe they did take over a handful of
apartment buildings and I don't know it
but that's not what the statement was it
was a handful of problems but
JD uh says and very cleverly he goes uh
he said a handful of Apartments so he
changed a handful of problems into well
you know you're saying it's not a
problem that a handful of Apartments
were taken over by Venezuelan gangs and
and then he accused her of nitpicking
versus acknowledging that apartment
takeovers by South American gangs is
something you should worry
about really well done really well done
uh you know if I'm going to be honest
about it he did he did a little bit of a
magic trick there by changing a handful
of problems into a handful of apartment
buildings it's not the
same but in doing so he pressed his
point perfectly the point is you
shouldn't take this lightly even if the
mayor is like it's it's still a big
enough deal that that this is worthy of
conversation and it
is so just watching him handle that
situation and then Raditz had to at the
end put in her last little fact check
you she goes but he did they did not
take over the city now even JD I think
he admitted during the interview that
there was some hyperbole involved and
saying taking over the city so Vance was
not going to support the point that they
took over a city he he just that was
hyperbole but you know we're talking
about some apartment buildings and
that's pretty
big if it's true so great job in
handling the media there
um did you know that Democrats are going
crazy about Elon Musk and not in a good
way so the number of people are asking
thinking he should go to jail I don't
even know for what what would be the
crime so Hillary Clinton has said that
musk maybe needs to go to jail Hillary
Clinton um Silicon Valley investor
Robert mcnam called for musk's
arrest and said that should be a
condition for getting government
contracts should require him to moderate
his speech so for the fact that his
speech is not moderated maybe you should
go to jail or not get government
contracts uh Robert R the former Clinton
Secretary of State said mus should be
arrested for refusing to censor other
people so he he's not doing enough
censorship on the xplatform so he should
be
arrested according to Robert Reich and
then Keith obman of course badshit crazy
Keith called for must to be
deported and all the federal contracts
with this company's canceled
wman the the Democrats are crazy as
I mean they're just batshit crazy but if
you they they can't even come up with a
crime they're asking to jail a guy uh
after he just did the the greatest
technical uh week of innovation that
anybody's everever done in the history
of the United States and all for the
benefit of
humankind and and these want to
put in
jail it's it's so pathetic the Democrats
have just become completely pathetic
anyway uh K Harris has a new racist
plan um she so um she's now hiding
anymore she's going full racist and it
involves providing uh so it's a plan to
get black voters on her side so it's a
bunch of economic things targeted
primarily at black voters so she wants
to give a million loans forgivable loans
up to 20,000 for black
entrepreneurs and quote others who have
historically you know faced barriers so
in other words not white men so she
wants to give so if you're poor and
you're a white man
you you're you're a poor white man
you go die in a gutter somewhere because
the racist K Harris has some good plans
for people who are just as poor as you
but they happen to have different
colors so she'll help them but not you
you Whitey go die in the gutter says the
racist and she would see what else she
would do she' uh she' have a National
Health Equity initiative that would aim
to address sickle cell disease diabetes
mental health prostate cancer and other
health challenges that
disproportionately impact black men that
one's good
that if there's one place you should
have Equity you should definitely have
Equity when it when it comes to health
care that's that's one place where I'm
all I'm all in I'm all in on that if if
black Americans have special you know
some Health Care risks and some
categories yes yes go do that so that's
fair now is it
racist yes but in a good
way is that a thing
because you know the world is
complicated it's not like racism all bad
racism all good that's not true this is
purely racist because you know white
people don't have sickle cell and some
of these special Health impacts but yeah
let's let's let's treat every let's
treat every patient like they're unique
and if you can know something about them
because they're genetic background
that's part of what makes them unique
and let's get everybody's help
absolutely I'm totally on board with
that one so that would be a case where
in my because nobody's left behind right
they're they're not saying that if
you're a white person they're not going
to check your
prostate if they said we're not going to
check your prostate if you're poor and
you're white I'm I'm out just to be
clear I'm not going to go to that level
of racism but if you want to make sure
that people who are different
individuals with different situations
are also treated as best they can
yes full Equity give give me all the
equity you
got but how about this one um legalizing
recreational Mar marijuana nationally
and creating opportunities for black
Americans to succeed in the industry
H I know a white American who once tried
to open a weed business in
California and uh there were lots of
obstacles because it's actually really
hard business to to get started and he
couldn't he couldn't make it through the
the red tape and the bureaucracy and the
approvals and all that
stuff what's wrong with that
guy wh why can't he have a weed business
but if he were black if he were black
he'd be in the weed business and that's
um Fair
how nope nope you can go fix all the
sickle cell anemia please please do but
no this is just
racist everybody who is poor should have
a shot everything that's better than
being poor no this is just
racist how about this one uh Harris
would provide education training and
mentorship programs to help black men
get jobs in high demand Industries but
she would Target specifically teaching
jobs what they're no white men who who
could use a little mentoring and help to
get a teaching job and why do you want
to specifically Target one group for one
profession why can't just everybody who
needs a help get a little
help this is purely racist purely racist
now I will but I'll make one small shift
to this I do think that one of the
biggest
um I guess systemic racism problems that
I recognize besides the school system is
mentorship mentorship is a really big
deal if you happen to be lucky enough to
know a bunch of rich people let's say
your parents are doing well and they
know other rich people that's a huge
huge Advantage because you can get
advice and you can get you know
connections and stuff so if you could
fix
mentorship for the underserved people in
the world as long as you're doing it for
everybody that would really be a big
that would be a really big bite and um
what I would agree is systemic
racism so for that I'm all in on
mentorship I think everybody should get
more it's a fact that black Americans
have less
access so a little extra effort I think
that would be fair but if you're uh but
if you're you know spending money on
things everybody needs and you're only
allowing one group of people to get it
not so good not so
good the thing about mentorship is it
doesn't cost
anything all right what one of the weird
things I've told you a number of times
is that although I got
cancelled um I have and continue to
Mentor black
individuals just because they
asked it it turns out they
asking is a really good strategy who who
teaches this there's somebody there's
somebody very famous who recently has
made a big deal about the fact that just
asking if you could learn to ask knowing
that you'll get turned down for a lot of
stuff you're going to get a lot of stuff
so when somebody asks me for some kind
of mentorship or advice or a connection
or something I don't I don't ask them
their
color I don't ask them their politics I
don't say who who you don't like for
president I just say you have something
I you need I have the answer to that
question why wouldn't I give it to you
like why wouldn't I of course I will so
when it comes to mentorship most of it
should be free and it's a gigantic
disadvantage when you don't have it
white or black so I'm I'm pretty liberal
in giving it so I'll give this advice if
you're black and you're under mentored
it's probably the case you should really
just try asking some white people and
some brown people who have succeeded and
some women who have succeeded you're
going to be amazed you're just going to
be amazed how willing people are to help
you out on an individual basis but if
you go to somebody and say can you do
something for all the people who look
like
me good luck I'm not in on that at all
not at all but if you individually have
something sure just ask
um Trump is going off on
uh um kamla's
brain so I'm just going to read this
because I love his writing so this is a
trump posting on Truth he said quote I
believe it is very important that KLA
Harris pass a test on cognitive stamina
and Agility her actions have led many to
believe that there could be something
very wrong with her even 60 Minutes in
CBS in order to protect lion kamla
illegally and unscrupulously replaced an
answer she had given which was totally
Bonkers with another answer they had
nothing to do with the question asked
also she is slow and
lethargic in answering even the easiest
of questions we just went through almost
four years of that we shouldn't have to
do it
again oh this is brilliant it's
brilliant now will she take a cognitive
test of course not of course not uh will
uh will they fight back and say you're
the one who's too old and should take a
cognitive test of course they will but I
love that he's in injecting it into the
conversation and saying that the
evidence is clear that she's got a
cognitive def deficit now wasn't it uh I
need a fact check on this did herit
Dylan say on Tucker Carlson that she
remembers KLA harrris from long ago
and that KL Harris didn't used to be
stupid did that actually happen or did I
imagine that can you give me a fact
check so it would have been the Tucker
Carlson conversation with herit but I
thought I saw like just a clip or a
reference to it so give me a FL a fact
check I'm not sure of that but the funny
thing is that I had that same
experience meaning that let's say uh I
don't know8 or 10 years ago when I would
see com Harris in public like as a
senator I would say to myself pretty
good pretty good handled yourself well
and then I would see her at a hearing or
something and she'd be one of the attack
dogs that the the Democrats like and I'd
say to myself oh you did some good
questions there you look tough smart but
then she runs for president and she kind
of looks like an like an
idiot and and I've been racking my
brains and trying to figure out was it
me
that was it me who who just was fooled
but she's always been a or did
something actually change now Trump is
suggesting by asking the question and
asking for a cognitive test he's
suggesting that something might have
changed and I'm on that
page uh it could be substance abuse
which is what it looks like but it also
looks like just a uh some kind of
cognitive decline
and I mean that seriously I don't mean
that as oh say anything to make your
candidate win and you know I'm Pro Trump
and I always say that whoever is against
Trump is cognitive problems I don't and
I remind
you uh Joe Biden certainly had cognitive
problems which I called out four years
ago and was completely
right
um uh Hillary Clinton has no cognitive
problems whatsoever not once did I
suggest that she was not smart not once
did I suggest she had any kind of you
know dementia nor does she now I've
never said it about Obama clearly very
smart clearly does not have any
demena but I'm one for one on Joe Biden
and I'm one of the ones who caught it as
early as you could possibly catch it I'm
catching something with her
there's
something I don't know what it is but
it's a mystery I would love to know if
she used to be smart and
isn't or is it a substance abuse problem
or is it or is it me because remember I
can't rule out the possibility it's me
it could be that I'm so deeply biased or
or maybe she was always dumb but she
acted better back then because she had
some notes or something I don't know I
just don't know somehow she became a
senator so we all watched her try to run
for president the first time where she
was the first one that got kicked down
the
primary what did their Senate races look
like was that just the California
machine put her in office and it didn't
matter how she campaigned did she ever
act capable I'm very curious about that
I really don't know but I love the fact
that Trump is injecting that idea into
our into our
conversation now do you remember I've
been telling you that there's something
I called an October surprise coming and
I told you that I had some knowledge of
it
coming well today's the day I'm going to
tell you what it is you've already seen
it it's the polls the the polls were
going to change in the middle of October
and you were going to be shocked because
nothing would happen that would make the
polls change all it's going to be is a
rethinking of who the likely voters are
and once that's rejiggered which is
what's happening now it's going to make
Harris look uh less competitive and it's
going to happen suddenly it's going to
be
dramatic and it's going to change the
conversation
totally and it just
happened
so so uh we got some new numbers coming
out
uh so according to uh let's see ABC and
NBC if I said ABC and NBC what would you
say about their support for Democrats
versus Republicans ABC and
NBC you would say oh those are the two
friendliest networks to K Harris in fact
ABC is you know Martha Raditz ABC is um
the last uh last debate the people think
were was
fixed um so ABC News the poll before
this most recent one had Harris up by
six does that sound like that was true
does any believe anybody believe that
Harris was up by six last week just last
week up by
six well they just revised it now she's
up by two which is probably the margin
of
error do you think that anybody in the
real world when nothing really happened
do you think she really went from six to
two no of course not not no not in the
real world no they they must have
rejiggered who the likely voters would
be how about NBC NBC until uh last week
had Harris up five of
five do you believe that Harris was up
five last
week they just they have a new Pole now
it's tied now it's tied do you think
that in the normal
world she went down five points in a
week when nothing really
happened of course not of course not
those are polls being
Reiger now the other thing I predicted
is that it wouldn't happen all at once
there would be there would be an obvious
pattern to it so the pattern would be
that the for the few months leading up
to it um everybody would be a little
biased toward
Harris and it would make it look like
it's a close race because everybody
likes it to be a close race but even the
pollsters who
knew that those poll numbers were maybe
a little artificial because of the
assumptions they made about who was
going to vote they knew they were going
to close toward the election day in the
middle of October is when you do it
because you don't want to do it too soon
but you don't want to do it too late
middle of October is just right
so from the start I predicted that the
pattern would be the polls are really
tight you can't tell who's going to win
there' be some you know outliers but
basically all tight on average then you
need here's the second part that I
predicted you're going to need a couple
of very prois poles to reverse
somebody's got to go first if somebody
doesn't go first the rest won't follow
so it's it's got to be a name brand or
one or two big ones it just happened NBC
and ABC they went first so now they they
took the ridiculous numbers and took it
down to something closer to a
statistical
tie do you think they're
done do do you think that that's now
reality that they took it from Harris
way ahead winning easily down to a
tie do you think they're done done
adjusting
no they're
not so what you should see is a is what
I'm calling the comma collapse so you're
going to see a complete collapse of the
polling and it's not really a change
it's just they're adjusting it closer to
reality because they have to when it
gets to the actual end and
uh here it is it's exactly on schedule
it's like right on schedule we you could
have predicted this 6 months ago I mean
she wasn't the candidate 6 months ago
but you could have predicted that
whoever was the candidate it would be
close close close until October and then
you would see this pattern now Biden was
a special case because we've never seen
anybody lose a debate the way he lost a
debate so his numbers would not have
been close even even in the summer you
know August would have been a route and
you know there's no way it would have
been close so he was sort of a wild card
but the moment they took him out and put
in something that's sort of like a
normal person to run uh immediately it
did the thing it's supposed to do which
oh they're tied oh Harris is a little
bit ahead actually little bit ahead so
give us money how much fundraising would
Harris do if she had always been shown
as
behind it'd be hard why would you give
money to that but if they show that it's
a horse race and it's tie then you
really think your money is going to make
a difference
if you're the billionaire who can give
$20 million to a pack and you realiz and
it looks like it's a tie you're going to
say to yourself you know my 20
million could easily be the difference
in this race and then you open up the
wallet but if the race is a route why
would you give money it has to be close
to give money it has to be close to even
bother running commercials on the news
networks so making close is sort of so
important for the whole system that all
the biases are are there to just force
it to look close one it really maybe
isn't all right uh here's some more
hints about the comma collapse uh I told
you about this but Michael Tracy
independent um
journalist um said that KL Harris's
Univision crowd was half rent a crowd
meaning literally a company goes out and
pays people to be attendees at different
audiences so half of it was paid and
half was flown in but flown in because
they were they were
supporters they were supposed to be uh
undecideds but I think they got you know
very few undecided if
any then of course they've got Tim Walls
going out trying to pretend to be a real
man and uh completely failing at it uh
the people who know guns better than I
do say he was awkward with his gun stuff
and he he looked like he just bought his
hunting clothes that morning and you
know all kinds of things that didn't
make it look as manly as it was supposed
to and
uh uh Scott Jennings on CNN put it this
way um that Tim wals was doing hunting
cosplay cosplay where you just
pretending to be a character he goes Tim
wals is doing hunting cosplay and cringy
videos that are not helping with men I'm
GNA go further
and I'm going to say if you look at the
way the
Democrats um very publicly they said
they were going to try to woo men and
then they showed that they don't even
know what men
are apparently there are so few people
with influence who are men I I'll say
heterosexual men because that's what
they were targeting um that they didn't
even know how to how to get one of them
to pretend to be one wouldn't you love
to have been in those meetings all all
right Tim we got a problem with men we
need to woo some some men goes well we
got all the gay men you or most of them
uh we're we're working on Richard
grenell but we think we have most of the
most of the gay men Scott presler no we
we don't have him but we'll work on him
too but we think we have most of the gay
in so how can we woo the uh how can we
woo the heteros and like anybody have
any ideas and somebody's like I've got
it uh monster trucks no two two on the
nose two on the nose how about um
shooting things shooting things they
like to shoot things yes yes we're going
to have our guy go out and shoot
something but oh hold on hold on there
something you have your hand up I'm a
vegetarian
oh okay well he needs to shoot something
but we don't want to see him shooting
something how about he just goes into
the forest with a gun loads it and then
we don't see him shoot anything because
we don't want to see any dead stuff to
manly
perfect you could just imagine what that
conversation looked like with no actual
men Consulting it must have been
hilarious I would love to have the
recording of that meeting of how they
were pretending to be men and then they
look around and they go okay how about
we just look at some of our actual
heterosexual male Democrats and we'll
use them as a model and they're like yes
yes who do we have James
Carville no no no no no no
who I mean it must have been hilarious
that's all I'm saying you can imagine
it
anyway um I wasn't really following the
uh Congressional races so according to
the hill the the senate race will be
close in the sense of who's controlling
the Senate when we're done but the hill
thinks that it's leaning
GOP so if things went the way we
expect uh Republicans would have control
of the Senate now is there a wild card
involved here of course there is because
when the hill says it's leaning
Republican they also are believing their
own
polls so
if Trump were to win only as much as the
polls suggest he will then it's going to
be close but the GOP might have a slight
Edge but what
happens if Trump dominates the election
just
kills well usually that that drags along
a lot of undercard people like senators
and and representatives so if the
polling is
 and the actual results are
Trump just does a Reagan and just
controls the whole Electoral College the
Senate is going to go Republican I I
feel like that's a likely outcome and I
also think it's likely that Trump will
outperform so I'm so I'm going to say
the greatest um i' say two to one I'll
go two to one um Republicans take the
Senate two to one
odds then there's the house it's kind of
weird how often the the house and the
Senate change
sides you would think it wouldn't happen
that much but it's kind of weird that it
happens often so the uh house is
currently Republican but barely uh might
go uh
slightly it might go slightly in that
direction um but again the wild card is
Trump's performance so if Trump performs
amazingly uh then maybe even the house
go his way so there is some possibility
I don't think
it's I give it maybe a 55 60%
chance that the Republicans end up
having control of the courts the Senate
the house and the
presidency it's possible 60%
chance and the 60% is entirely based on
Trump
overperforming if Trump just sort of you
know barely squeaks out a victory then
well maybe maybe not the
house right so my prediction is Trump
dominant performance takes the house
takes the Senate and then he can do have
his way with the
courts that's my
take um MSNBC is worried about Trump
presidency and they say uh they're
alarmed that the uh they might floating
the idea of uh having cash Patel as the
attorney general and uh he is Cash Patel
is apparently said that we'd go out and
find conspirators not just in the
government but in the media the people
who did bad things in 20120 allegedly
and uh put him in jail going after him I
guess
now um I'm not in favor of
lawfare so I want to be really clear
about that um if Trump wins and I see
even one example even one example of
them trying to jail a let's say a member
of the media who's you know maybe biased
but just doing that biased media thing
I'm I'm
out I I I'm not going to fight this hard
to get a trump Administration to protect
the First Amendment and to protect our
rights and let him do the same thing
that we're trying to prevent
that that's not going to happen right if
they go full lawfare I am so out and I'm
going to be out VI not violently but
assertively I will be out if they do
that now if they're putting people who
really broke the law in jail that's
fine but you better bring the goods it
better not look like lawfare to me it
better not look like a bunch of you know
 Soros prosecutors I am nowhere
near being okay with that just to be
clear so whether it's cash Patel or
anybody else you better not you better
not I'm not cool with that you know I
don't I wouldn't even want to be
associated with anybody who who had that
point of
view so maybe all you need is truth and
labeling imagine imagine you had truth
in labeling for the news
organizations and and you came up with
some objective standard so let's say the
objective standard was the percentage of
time that each Network spends let's say
criticizing one candidate while praising
the other and let's just say you said
you know if it's
6040 that's okay you know you you might
be trying to give the news but you're a
little bit biased biased is not against
the law and you probably don't even need
to label it but suppose like
MSNBC it's 99% negative in One Direction
and you know 99% positive in the other
direction are is that news that's not
news it's not even close to news it's
propaganda so if the government did a
truth and labeling where they said if
you're over I'll pick a number if you're
over
80% negative to one side you know over
the course of some extended period you
don't get to call
news you only get to call yourself
propaganda now I'm not sure if my
example of how to measure that is a good
one but let's say another measure would
be the frequency that alternative views
are
showcased when I turn on CNN and they've
got the panel
discussion they always include Scott
Jennings and the other gentleman whose
name I can't remember the shaved head
gentleman he's pretty good as well and
they do they have complete time to give
the opposing view now if I were to rate
CNN I would say biased but news but news
because they're showing both sides maybe
they're showing
6040 that's more just human but they're
showing both
sides if you switch to MSNBC you don't
see both
sides that's more like a 991 situation
do you think that they should both be
called
news I don't think so now how about Fox
News Fox News would be a little more
interesting because if you take the five
for example they always have the you
know the the one Democrat Jessica tarlo
or Harold Ford Jr and so you're always
going to get on that opinion program a
you know an opposing view but it's very
slanted you know if you go to hanity
you're not necessarily going to get it
but to Hannity's
credit this has to be said hanity
doesn't have a lot of opposing views but
he invites them
all that counts they they choose not to
go on but he invites them he invites
them he says it publicly and he means it
and sometimes they say yes and he puts
them on so I don't feel the same about
that as I do about somebody who doesn't
invite anybody I mean that's different
so I think Fox News would be a little
more nuanced because they do a better
job of separating the news from the
opinion and then when they do the
opinion they do actually try to get the
other opinion on so CNN Fox News I would
call them both news very
biased but
news MSNBC not even close not even close
it's not in the same universe as a news
program
and and the fact if we had truth in
labeling like we do with banks like we
do with products like we do on labels on
boxes like we do with
cigarettes MSNBC should just be
labeled I don't need to put anybody in
jail I have no impulse for that
whatsoever no jail no just label it
label it what it
is all right here's something did the
other day that I came to regret right
away so as you know
author I I may have his name t tazy
coats I'm not I'm not intentionally
mispronouncing his name I just didn't
write it down and it's a hard one to
remember but you know what I'm talking
about right can you can you give me his
proper name in the comments and I'll say
it correctly when I see it to hazy coats
is that close
anyway he's going around he's got a book
and it's involves Israel and the
Palestinians and he says some things and
then people get really man and I saw him
say some things and then I saw a woman
who did a very long very
angry um take
down and but what I noticed is that the
thing he said the clip that she was
responding to her response didn't seem
to be a response to what he said now
wasn't agreeing with what he said I
simply in the comments said that your
response to him doesn't address his
point his point was that you could he
could understand how if you plopped a
young kid into the Palestinian situation
that they could become
radicalized which I completely agree
with because you could plop anybody into
any situation and they would turn into
that culture if you took a baby and
plopped it into the Hindu world do you
think they'd become a Hindu
probably you take a baby and you plop
them into a you know a Christian world
are they going to be a
Christian probably probably right if you
take a kid and you pop them into the
Palestinian situation and they're you
know they're propagandized the way they
are and they they see uh roadblocks that
don't apply to the Israelis they don't
know the whole story they don't know the
history they they see that some things
are happening to them that aren't
happening to other people they don't
know the history of course they would be
radicalized and he said you know I'd
like to think that I wouldn't be
radicalized but honestly I might be I
completely agree with him on that minor
minor point I don't know what else he's
saying I'm not taking you aside I'm just
saying that this is a common sense point
that young people can be be radicalized
and socialized and
culturalized without limit you can make
anybody into anything unfortunately
anybody can turn into
anything and so the response was more
things about he doesn't understand the
history he doesn't understand that
Israel is just protecting itself he
doesn't understand the rights that they
have and blah blah and I was just
pointing out that while all of those
things might well be true they don't
have anything to do with his point
that if you put somebody in that
situation they they could get
radicalized Prett easily so I thought
well wouldn't it be interesting for me
just to be
useful to say well I don't think your
response is addressing his narrow little
point he was making how do you think
that went for
me oh my god did I get attacked
by uh Jew uh supporters and Israelis I
guess
oh my God it's the worst I've been
attacked in I don't know a year at least
and none of it was
rational because all that mattered is
they didn't like his opinion on other
stuff and so if I were to say anything
that would be in their view supportive
you know I must die basically they
didn't say die but wow the the amount of
hate that I got for simply pointing out
that two people were in a different
conversation
that's all I said you're just not in the
same
conversation and it was ugly
so I immediately just deleted it and I
realized you know what I really don't
give a
 I don't give a at
all I should maybe but honestly I don't
because the world's a big place and
there are people suffering and doing
terrible things all over the place
to each other you know reciprocating
sometimes they have reasons sometimes
they don't I can't fix the whole
world so I guess my take is that you
know what if you're going to be a
complete to me simply for making
a point that two people were on
different
subjects I am so out so
Israel you could go yourself with
all of your supporters because if even
just making a common little point about
the conversation is going to make me
completely attacked and remember the
ADLs already called me a holocaust
supporter which of course is not true I
mean Jesus Christ
guys can you give me a little break so
I'm out right now of course uh Israel's
an ally so you know I'm I'm in favor of
treating allies like allies but I am not
in your conversation anymore I am out
I'm out if if you're worried that the uh
the uh Palestinian um protesters are
going too far and it's bad for you I
agree with you and I'm out I agree with
you but apparently I can't talk on this
topic because you're going attack me so
if you can attack me I'm so out
right you're on your own now on your own
so if you can fix that maybe I'll get
back in the conversation but if all you
have is hate for anybody who has any
point of view on anything on this topic
you can have your own points of view and
you're welcome to it and I'm
out so don't look for any support from
me publicly privately of course I'll
have my opinions but publicly you're on
your own
Israel all
right now of course Israel my my ha will
interpret that as I just became a
Palestinian terrorist which is my point
that's my
point so maybe clean up that situation
and you can get a little more
support all right that's all I got for
now I'm going to go talk to the locals
people privately I heard James Carville
did some did quite a screed but I
haven't heard it yet I'll go I'll go
listen to carville's rant it sounds like
it's going to be good all right
everybody uh let's hope that the the war
in Israel and Iran doesn't kill the
United States and uh we'll get back to
get back to work I'm going to say hi to
the locals people and bye to YouTube and
Rumble and X thanks for
joining all
right
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e e