and there am I looks like a good
start let me make sure I can see all
your
comments and looking
good that's the way I like to start the
day everything just looking
[Music]
good good morning every every body and
welcome to the highlight of human
civilization it's called coffee with
Scott Adams and I'm pretty sure you've
never had a better time in your life but
if you'd like to take
this this experience up the levels that
nobody can even understand with their
tiny shiny brains and their quantum
computers it's not enough all you need
is a CER mug or a glass of tanker cheler
Stein a canteen Jugger flask a vessel of
any kind fill it with your favorite
liquid I like coffee join me now for the
unparallel pleasure the dop ofine here
the day the thing makes everything
better it's called the simultaneous zip
it happens now
go you know I remember hearing a
hypothesis somebody else came up with a
long time ago that the purpose of
dancing was so that primitive people
could look like they were one larger
Beast
so if you were a lion and you saw one
human you'd say I could take that human
and the lion would kill you but if you
saw a bunch of humans you know standing
next to each other and they're all
acting in
unison you the lion might think wait a
minute it looks like one giant creature
they're all operating in
unison and when I do the simultaneous
sip I always feel it connects us to
something like really basic in or
biology that doing something at the same
time makes you feel safer I wonder if
anybody feels that at some you know
nonconscious level just wonder because a
lot of people say that they
enjoy they they get a some kind of
dopamine hit from doing the simultaneous
St there might actually be a deep
evolutionary reason that that it feels
good to do things at the same time I
mean there's a reason we like to dance
and sing along with songs and and match
people anyway so I I'd like to throw
this throw this out there just to make
the technical people's head explode uh
just because you won't like it I have
this theory of the
world that the only things that are real
are the things that the people who are
the experts can explain to me now I
don't mean that I need I need to
understand all the technical parts but
if somebody explained to me let's say
how a digital telecommunication Works
compared to analog I wouldn't understand
every single technical part but I'd get
the basic idea I'd get the basic
idea but if somebody tries to explain
Quantum Computing to me I do not get the
basic
idea and at first I thought oh I'm just
seeing bad explainers the there must be
some way to explain you know just just
in a very Layman's kind of way why the
quantum computers are so fast and they
end up saying things like well it must
be accessing multiple Dimensions with
the
cubits and I go um is it really
impossible to describe what's happening
because that just sounds like words it
doesn't sound like you understand
anything and how would you know what
dimension it's going to to how could you
interact with another dimension and how
could you do it all doesn't it sound
like quantum computer is all
fake and when I say fake I don't mean
that the tests don't work in the lab you
know they probably do uh what I mean is
I don't think anybody working on it
knows what it is because if they did
they could explain it at least a little
bit just a little bit instead of saying
stuff like well
it goes off into the infinite dimensions
and then uh something happens uh and
then we get a
result but but why is that so fast well
because of the infinite
Dimensions how do you send things to
infinite Dimensions well with the cubits
what are you talking about like is it
really
impossible to just give some kind of
basic
analogy anything that would make me
understand how we're sending things into
the infinite dimensions and getting
answers back don't see it at
all all right here's one of the
things that I think of in terms of
reality now I'm um you've heard others
say that something like this so it's not
something I invented but back in the
'90s I had this idea that reality was
fixed and that all the possibilities of
your future um already exist as IC
Frozen situations and the only thing
that travels if you can even call it
that is your Consciousness so in other
words there's no time there's no space
there's nothing everything's just Frozen
and and permanent and the only thing
that moves is you through all the
permanent Estates and if you're moving
in One Direction it looks like those
things are moving just like a picture
book if you flip the pages of a cartoon
book where the cartoon is different a
little bit on each page it would look
like it's moving so I think that our our
sense of time and movement are just
Illusions because our Consciousness is
experiencing one reality after another
that's what I think but how would that
allow you to solve an unsolvable
gigantic problem with Quantum Computing
I don't know the answer to that but if
what you're doing is sending out a
illion little signals and one of them
comes back from the path of reality
that's always existed along with all the
other infinite paths if one of those
paths has a
solution maybe it can send it back and
maybe you can test it and maybe the only
thing you can test is whether it worked
so you don't see the Computing you only
know that one of the paths
works so that's my best guess but if you
can find anybody who can give a common
sense EXP
explation of how you use multiple you
know infinite Dimensions to solve a math
problem let me know I'm very very
curious but uh my my skepticism is
through the roof that Quantum Computing
is
something that we can scale up and turn
into products you know the smart people
say yes so maybe they're right but the
smart people told me 20 years ago that
the string theory was going to solve all
our problems and I remember thinking I
don't think they even know what that is
I don't think this whole String Theory
thing sounds really sketchy sure enough
doesn't seem to have solved too many
problems so far well in other
news
um the uh you all know about the
drinking bleach hoax that Trump has
suffered under uh the news told you that
he he said he he said uh you should
drink bleach and then other people say
well not drink bleach he said said
inject bleach and then people say well
not inject bleach but he said inject you
know household
disinfectants none of that happened in
the real world nothing like that
happened and the American debunk site
that you can find on X just by American
debunk but I think American debunk dcom
would get you to the site directly um
there's a really good write up of the
drinking bleach hoax with a video that
shows you exactly how they did it and
it's the best so far um I've written
about the hoax a number of times but but
I think the American debug did a nice
tight video that is really
unambiguous you can really really see it
clearly how the hoax was created it's
really well done so so first of all you
should every one of you should have a
bookmark or at least remember the name
of the site the same way you remember
Snopes or Wikipedia just remember
American debunk
and you should be able to search for it
so that's got the debunks of the main uh
Trump
hoaxes and I feel like it's
time that people will realize that that
was fake and as I've told you before
that the fine people hoax was the tent
pole but the drinking bleach hoax is the
finisher you know we we knocked the T
pole down and now a lot of people
understand that the fine people think
was a hoax but they still think even the
people who debunked you know who
understand that the fine people hoax was
H still they believe that Trump said
something about drinking or
injecting um household
disinfectants so I think once you see
that even the drinking bleach Hox was
completely made up and that the
technique to completely make it up is to
just say that something happened that
didn't happen and then only show you a
part of the video and that worked that
actually
worked when when the access to the full
video was always available and it still
worked and you know I'm so disappointed
with the right leaning media that they
were kind of soft on that one it felt
like uh it felt like the debunk had to
come from the public and it did people
like me and now American
debunk so check it out make sure you've
uh
you've just made a made a mental note or
actually literally just tagged it so you
can find it later
um so I saw tuer Carlson had a excia guy
on and um separately he was answering
the question about the Drone
activity and his theory about the Drone
activity if you can believe a xcia guy
whose job was lying
is that all it is is that there was a
recent change to make it legal to fly
your your hobby drone at night as long
as I had
lights so
apparently it might be nothing but it
became legal to fly at night so a bunch
of people who had drones thought hey I
think I'll F fly around at night because
I couldn't do that before and that might
be the whole thing the the entire thing
might be people who are flying in
daytime and now they can fly at night so
you notice them where where maybe you
wouldn't even notice them if they were
in the
daytime so I'm not saying that that's
the correct
answer um but at the moment I think I
would rule out aliens and a permanent
Chinese Fleet of drones flying over our
stuff I don't think either of them are
very likely but if you ask me what is
the likelihood that's just um new new
wave of activity because the law changed
well that sounds kind of likely to
me anyway the best pictures I've seen so
far of the drones in New Jersey are from
our own Erica who I don't see her in the
comments today but uh if you haven't
seen her pictures I think she posted
them on X I'll follow up on that I'll
repost them if I see them I'll check
when the show is done uh but they're the
cleanest pictures I've seen and they do
look
they don't look like drones I've seen so
it might be just that the pictures are
distorted because of the lights on the
Drone something like that so I don't
know meanwhile in La a man tried to
steal a self-driving whmo car
and you couldn't figure out how to start
it and drive it because it was a
self-driving wayo car now the only thing
that they need to do with these
self-driving cars is they need to lock
the doors and drive you to the police
station you know like the bait cars
there used to be a TV show called bait
car where people would get try to steal
the car that was left to be
intentionally stolen and they get locked
in the car and that was it was a fun
show so I'd like to see all the uh
self-driving cars understand when
somebody's trying to rob them and uh
just lock the door and drive them to the
police department now I know that can't
happen happen but it'd be fun fun to
imagine it Megan Kelly is telling us
that there's a new movie called the
conclave um she said and she said just
made the huge mistake of watching it and
I guess it's a she refers to as an
anti-catholic
film
um and in order to make this story you
know hit I would have to violate
something that creative people shouldn't
violate which is I'd have to tell you
the ending of the movie no I'm not going
to do it I'm not going to do it because
just as a principle you can't be in the
you can't be in the work that I do and
then ruin somebody's art right so
somebody made it it was Art I'm sure
somebody likes it probably somebody
likes that movie so it would be wrong
for me just like I wouldn't tell you how
a magic trick is done you know because
you don't you give away magic tricks it
ruins it for everybody but let me tell
you
this if you do watch that
movie and let's say you're a person
who's not fond of wokeness you're not
going to make it through the
ending so the only tease I'm going to
give you is if you don't like wokeness
oh boy you got a big surprise coming
that that this movie has apparently the
wokest ending of anything that's ever
been
imagined so I wish I could tell you but
I can't spoil it for you just know that
Megan Kelly says it's that it's just
shameful
garbage I don't
know but I also don't know why anybody
would watch a
movie now here's a question I have you
you may noticed that the headlines this
week are using a phrase alcohol is
poison and it's popping up in a number
of places there's a study saying that
alcohol causes cancer so you know
they're calling it poison and the
Surgeon General is talking about it and
here's my
question um you all know that I track my
own influence by looking for specific
kinds of words or something that I've
worded that's different the way people
have worded it before then if I see that
you know spread into other places I can
think well I don't know for sure
but it looks like maybe my influence um
went somewhere now I don't think that
I'm the first person in the world who
said alcohol is poison and there was a
book long before I said it that said
sugar is poison so it's not it's not
like some genius thing to get to you
know alcohol is poison so I'm not but um
let me just tell you a little history of
it so in my book had it failed almost
everything and still went big came out
in 2013
so quite a while ago now and I did write
about my my use of the phrase alcohol is
poison as an aid to avoid a thing which
I had enjoyed in the past but didn't
want to do anymore so I found it helpful
now that's the first time I kind of made
a you know a section of a book talking
about the phrase alcohol is poison and
that I heard from a number of people
that just that one phrase was enough to
rephrase how they thought of alcohol and
they quit
drinking and then I heard from more
people who said they quit drinking
forever you know they'd been off it for
a year or more and they said it was that
phrase that put him over the top so
because it was so powerful when I wrote
my more current book reframe your brain
that's the newest one reframe your brain
included that one you know I said it's
from my prior book and I mentioned it
again and my intention of putting it in
the reframe is so that it would
spread so and you've watched me long
enough you know that that's what I do um
I try to come up with a useful
reframe that as soon as you hear it
gives you a new superpower and the power
might be to avoid something or to do
something you didn't want to do to
exercise more basically that reframes
simply just are a quick little
reprogramming trick to allow you to do
something you couldn't figure out had to
do before that's it that's all they are
so my intention very publicly since 2013
my intention was to make this phrase
alcohol is poison a common phrase in
America as of
today if you look at the headlines from
this week it's become a routine way to
describe
drinking now did I have anything to do
with that cuz I don't know it's this
one's a tough one because it wasn't such
a brilliant out of thebox idea that you
know 100 people don't think of it on
their own every day I don't know but I
don't see any public figures who had
said it much in the last 10 years but
I've been saying it over and over and
over again for 10 years and it's really
spread um I don't know how many people
have quit drinking forever because of
that but based on my just the people
have told me personally if if I had to
guess a
th I mean it's a pretty big number for
just one sentence changing people's
entire life a thousand people just a
guess I don't know but based on the
number of people who' have gotten back
to
me so you might want to use that when
alcohol is poisoned it will help you
avoid alcohol if that's what you want to
do I'm not telling you you should or
should not that's not my job but if you
want to there's a little trick to do it
meanwhile according to Vladimir HRI and
sa poost there was a little study that
said birth control pills are linked to
changes in depressive mood processing in
other words they showed that people on
the pill women on the
pill don't let me become one of those
people don't let me say people on the
pill like that that that just came out
of my mouth no women women women on the
pill right let's
let's be
specific women who were on the pill
according to the new study had more
depressive symptoms uh
but um before you agree with this
because maybe you're already primed to
agree with it which is that was my case
I was already primed to think it's true
because I think it's true so I believed
it and then I looked more and it says
the study included 53 young healthy
women and them
out what good is is a study of 53
people it's maybe a little bit
statistically valid you but the but but
the variability in how much you should
trust it is all over the place I don't
think 53 people should tell you much um
so even though I believe if they did a
bigger study they would find similar
results that's because I'm biased it's
not because of
logic so the only point of this one is
not to make you think science has proven
that going on the pill makes you
depressed this doesn't do that it's too
small so the first thing you should need
to know is the bigger this the bigger
the sample the more likely there's some
Chan is true but 53 nah I would give
that I just don't give that any
credibility now the the statisticians
are going to say that you can get a
result from 40 or 50 people and you can
statistically but the you know the
margin of error would be just so big
that I wouldn't trust
it anyway according to Gabe kaminsky's
reporting in the Washington examiner do
you remember when uh there was this big
censorship um group called the global
engagement Center that the state
department was funding and they were in
the job of essentially s in American
citizens and so that got so much bad
press and the Democrats thought okay we
can't have this anymore so but but I
guess Republicans and Congress voted to
get rid of it and defund it so I said to
myself yay this bad evil censoring thing
that I'm paying for I mean it it's not
bad enough that they're censoring me my
government is censoring me and other
people but I'm paying for it why am I
paying to be censored so the Congress in
its wisdom got rid of it what do you
think Democrats did when the Congress
decided that we should not have this
function anymore well according to Gabe
Kaminsky and the Washington examiner all
they did is figure out how to stuff
these both the funding and the people in
different
departments all they did is distribute
it both the people and the
money the people and the
money they just distributed them so that
it looked like they got rid of it but
they kept it all is there anything that
Democrats do that's good for the
country I mean I actually
wonder I mean if Congress votes for
something they' very clearly
expressed in this case I think the will
of the people but certainly the will of
the Congress and then the state
department just gets to run around the
back door and pretend it never happened
not
acceptable not acceptable and so this is
good reporting this is an examiner uh
I'm sorry this is an
example of exactly
what um I want to see reporting look
like so good reporting just my
compliments anyway um Washington Post uh
editorial cartoonist just
quit um because one of uh
one of the uh cartoons that the uh
editorial cartoonist submitted was
rejected by
management and she said I've never had
anything rejected before but what what
was the one thing that this cartoonist
had rejected now remember political
cartoons are always edgy so by Design
they're always edgy what what was the
one thing the Washington Post that's
your hint what's the one thing that got
rejected well it was a it was a comic
that was negative toward the boss or the
owner of the Washington Post Jeff Bezos
now the manager
who takes credit for rejecting it said
the reason he rejected it is not because
it insults his boss which would be a
really good reason if you're an employee
but also uh it was a sort of a repeat of
a
story so so the bager says oh no the
reason that I've only ever ever I've
only ever censored one car cartoon from
this artist ever it just happened to be
by coincidence about Jeff Bezos but
that's not the reason no no no people
that's not the reason no the reason is
because it seemed repetitive with some
other
work
okay that's sort of a stretch to make us
believe
that but uh if there's one thing I can
tell you in our world you can't be an
artist who has a
boss if you have a boss you're just a
mouthpiece for your boss if you don't
have a boss and you're willing for the
public to hate you or love you and all
that then sometimes you can be an artist
I would say that when Dilbert was in
newspapers for all practical purposes I
didn't have an actual boss boss but in
effect because the newspapers could fire
me and my syndication company could me
if I didn't do what they wanted so I
very much knew that I had to you know
stay between the lines was that
art well it was art with a small a I
mean it was artlike but I couldn't say
what I wanted to say I couldn't even get
close to saying the things I wanted to
say um but then I got canceled once I
was
cancelled I could feel what it was like
for the first time to be an
artist because now I think would I like
to do that and if the answer is yes then
I do it and that's it I just do it now
that's actual art so I'm so
blessed by getting cancelled and I know
that just sounds like something maybe
somebody says to rationalize but boy you
you would have to experience it imagine
being a creative people all a creative
person all through your adult life and
you've never been able to be creative
that was my experience I was just never
really able to be creative but now I can
it's amazing I'll tell you what's I'll
tell you what's happening this week at a
moment um Trump uh was giving a speech
and and he described the uh the concept
of training your own
replacement specifically with foreign
workers who are coming in and working
for cheaper which is a massive problem
in the United States right now and he
says uh Trump says quote can you believe
that you get laid off and then they
won't give you your severance pay unless
you train the people that are replacing
you for half of your pay and no benefits
uh he says I mean that's actually
demeaning maybe more than anything
else have I ever
mentioned how well Trump can read a room
let let me just read you how he
describes how people feel and you tell
me he isn't the best who ever read a
room just listen to this uh you get laid
off and then you won't they won't give
you your Severance until you train the
people are replacing you I mean that's
actually demeaning maybe more than
anything else so that captures it it
would have been so easy to say it's bad
for the
economy and it's bad for workers and I'd
say oh yeah I guess he understands the
issue it's bad for people but he goes to
the next level he doesn't just say it's
bad we everybody understands the
economic part of it no explanation eing
but when he says
demeaning oh right you feel it you feel
that he gets it he gets it that this is
of course about economics it's of course
about people wanting to keep their jobs
but it's
demeaning and when he hits that
note that's what makes him
Trump yeah it's he's he's unmatched at
this now
um to tie two stories together um my
dilber comics for this week I believe
starting on Monday uh are Dilbert
training his elbonian
replacement so Dilbert will be training
his elbonian replacement I'm not
entirely sure I could have done that if
I hadn't been cancelled it's a little
bit edgier than
newspapers maybe would have been
comfortable with but I don't
know but you'd have to be a subscri
subcriber now so if you're subscribing
on X or you're a member of the locals
Community Scott adams. locals.com you
can see the new Dilbert's where Dilbert
is training his elbonian replacement all
week um but apparently this might be a
temporary problem because there's a
bigger issue according to Owen Hughes on
live science uh now they've shown that
you can train an AI agent to replicate
your personality in two hours of
conversation with it and it will be 85%
accurate to your
personality so all you have to do is
chat with an AI I don't know if the AI
asks you specific questions or not but
after two hours it can largely reproduce
your entire
personality now do you think we're going
to have a long-term problem with foreign
workers that we have to train to do your
job or do you think we're two years away
from training the robot to do your job
which would also be
demeaning maybe less demeaning because
the robot doesn't take it
personally
maybe
um so so that's happening robots will be
replacing you now I want to tell you uh
a little update from me I've been
telling you for years really that I plan
to building an AI robotic clone of
myself so that I could live forever I
have changed that plan and here's
why I thought it was just the greatest
idea in the world that after I passed
away there would be like a version of me
that could grow and you know change with
technology and be upgraded and stuff I
thought that was great do you know what
happens when you mention that to people
you
know they look at you with sadness
and they go it wouldn't be
you right and that's the part that was
invisible to me because in my planning
I'm not really there anymore so I don't
have to deal with the fact that people
would find it uncomfortable because it's
not me but it's acting like me and I
could imagine that that would hit that
creepy Zone and you'd be like why did
you even do this like why did you do
this it's not
you so here's how I decided to fix that
I'm not going to create a digital clone
of
myself I'm going to create a digital
son I'm going to
reproduce because my son in AI digital
robotic form is not supposed to be just
like me it's supposed to be influenced
by Me Maybe have a lot of my
characteristics in it but then it's
supposed to find its own way and it's
supposed to turn into its own person yes
when it's small it will be very
influenced by me when it's brand new and
it will be designed based on my
personality which would be like my DNA
but it would be very allowed to evolve
so by the time the
robot is a senior citizen you know maybe
it's robot body got changed a few times
and software got upgraded but by by some
point it won't be
me but you might be able to find some
corresponding similarities You' say oh
yeah that the original you know your
your organic
father um had a lot had a lot of the
same elements going on so that's the
current
plan digital
Sun um correction I me I said something
uh totally wrong yesterday uh about one
of the law fair cases I told you that
judge Muran was with his 34 felonies or
whatever it is I thought that was the
the bank lending lawfare but it was the
stormy Daniel lawfare I get all my law
fars
confused now I warned you that was going
to happen I cannot tell the lawfare
stories apart because they all have the
same elements uh somebody did something
that you would never do for anybody
except Trump uh the jury found him or
the judge found him guilty that nobody
would found guilty except Trump it's all
just completely political BS so they all
to me they all sound the same so it's
hard to keep them straight but that
doesn't change the
fact um that the appell court is going
to get a look at it and
MSNBC is uh really going hard at the
fact that even though the possibility of
jail is now eliminated by the judge um
that he will technically be a felon
before he's sworn
in and they seem to be really really
happy with that because they get to call
him a
felon
so apparently
MSNBC didn't notice that the election
didn't go well for the Democrats and if
they did notice that they haven't
figured out why but if I had to if I had
to narrow down you know the whole
complexity of the election and the the
characters involved it really kind of
came down to
we don't like name
calling that's that's all the Democrats
had well you know the the Republicans
would be like um I think we should close
the border because that would improve
our
security and then Democrats would be
like oh so you're
racist and then we'd say uh we don't
want to fund Ukraine for you know
various reasons and then they'd say well
you must be Trading or racists or
something so they only had that one
thing if we don't like your policy we're
going to call you names you're going to
be deplorables and and you know people
like James Carville and uh you know a
number of people have have um the the
smarter Democrats have figured out wait
a minute the name calling didn't work at
all now I would say the the Pocahontas
which is a fair statement by the way
that Trump does name calling to but his
are playful Pocahontas is just
completely playful I mean it's effective
so is low energy Jeb but they're not
really just you are a bad
person it's not you're a bad person at
all it's just they're playful effective
and playful um but with the Democrats
were full of hate is a difference
between hate and playfulness and the
hate just turns people off so
after going through that whole cycle of
learning that the one thing that
definitely doesn't work is turning
complicated policies into just an
insult and here they're doing it again
they've decided that insulting Trump and
his supporters by calling him a felon
without mentioning that the only reason
he's a felon is because lawfare and a
complete Corruption of the justice
system by
democrats and they think that's going to
work
how in the world do they wake up and say
you know what we we just got our clocks
cleaned by simply doing nothing useful
but calling them names how about and I'm
just just spitballing here what if we
call them
names but wait a minute didn't you just
say that that's what didn't work I know
I know but what if we did more of
it really more of the thing that didn't
work yeah maybe it just wasn't enough
or maybe we weren't using the the right
insults like what exactly are they
thinking is there a conversation that
happens or they just they just all
simultaneously act the same at some
point there had to be somebody smart dis
who said all right everybody here's what
we're going to do we're gonna we're
going to insult Trump by calling him a
felon did they was there somebody in the
meeting who said genius boss that's
genius
I mean honestly I'm so curious how the
conversation went was there somebody who
said I I think we've got it this time
yeah yeah we we had a lot of near misses
in the last election but I think if we
call him a
felon they were calling him a convicted
felon for the entire election but now
they think they're calling him an actual
felon when the entire News public knows
it's sort of BS and it's not real he's
not going to jail and you know it was a
biased
process they do they cannot learn they
really cannot
learn and of course tomorrow we get to
see the spectacle of KL Harris
certifying Trump's victory over
her um I I didn't see when that is does
somebody have a eastern time what's the
time I I got to watch that
live you are you are you going to watch
that live if you're available at that
time so if somebody knows the time can
you that that's going to happen can you
put it in the
comments probably the
morning I don't know but uh I just want
to watch their interaction don't you I
want to look at their faces and I just
want to see her forced smile i' would
like to do my impression of what will
likely be K Harris's forc to smile
hi Donald
Trump
hi I don't think the eyes are going to
match the face I think her her mouth is
going to be puckered up
hi
congratulations have a nice
day it's going to be
terrific
anyway so there's more news of course
about that Vegas cyber truck guy I'm
going to give you me my summary of my
opinion and then tell you why I think we
know everything we need to know there
are a bunch of sub Mysteries to the
story but I don't think any of them are
going to tell us anything new even if we
solve them in my opinion it is now
confirmed I'm completely satisfied that
he had mental problems that's now
confirmed he was seeking help um it's
what it's now really really certain that
he had severe mental problems
and uh that would explain everything
secondly it was not a terror
attack there there was no indication he
had the intention of creating Terror he
apparently had the intention of creating
a spectacle to call attention to
something I believe he's just
hallucinating about which is that
there's some kind of G gravitic
propulsion device and there's Chinese
drones over New Jersey and I don't think
that's true I think that was just
something he saw online and his mental
state wasn't good and and he just bought
into it and thought he maybe in his
mental state thought he was doing
something wrong now you're going to say
to me but Scott how do you explain X but
Scott how do you explain this and let me
tell you how in the real world when any
complicated and new event happens one of
the things going to notice is a whole
bunch of
coincidences and a lot of people said
but wait there are two in the same day
they're both in the military they both
want to through the same base they both
use this app and you said to yourself
because your common sense says what are
the odds that all of those things happen
on the same day right your common sense
your your sense of Statistics is too big
of coincidence here's where I want to
retune you on that that that was not a
big coincidence not even
close the way to understand this is with
an uh old book from my younger days um
it was very big at the time it was
called the Bible Code how many of you
remember that because that's what you
should think about when you see a story
like this if you don't know the story
about the Bible Code you don't
understand this story about the Cyber
truck Vegas guy here's
why in the Bible Code there was a claim
which was debunked and the claim was
that there are secret codes in the King
James version of the Bible and so the
authors of the book ran various programs
against the text and I'm just going to
make up this example but it gives you
the idea so they would do something like
what if we took the first letter of the
first sentence and then the second
letter of the second sentence but the
third letter of the third sentence Etc
and then we put them together as a as a
diagonal well almost all the time it's
just nonsense letters but every now and
then it might say something like you
know
bom and then
45 and then you say bomb 45 aha it's
actually predicting way back then that
in 1945 there'd be a nuclear
bomb and then you talking yourself into
it being a accurate prediction but it
was just noise now you might say to me
really really that's just noise and
there's more than one of those like
there there a whole bunch of examples
where it seems to be it's predicting
something that really happened uh you
know Scott explain that how do you
explain how many times I could find
these things I mean there's no way it
could be accidental it's all through the
book and then somebody said what if we
run your algorithms against War and
Peace
Well turns out that war in peace has the
same amount of hidden messages from God
in other words our our sense of the odds
of things is just off off base if the
book is big enough you will find all
kinds of coincidental references to
things which you can imagine are
accurate in the future as long as you
ignore all the ones that did not predict
anything and the ones that are
nonsense so take that example that
whenever there's something as
complicated as a book in this case the
Bible there are all kinds of coin is in
it and it's guaranteed just by the
complexity of the book it's guaranteed
it's not an accident it's
guaranteed this situation with the
cybertruck guy is such a new unique
situation like everything about it feels
like the one time you've seen it and
it's really complicated because it's a
it's a multi-day event where he planned
it you need to understand his military
service you know all the way through the
the autopsy right and and and we're
getting fog of War stuff we don't know
what's true what's not so under this
situation how many how many unexplained
coincidences would you
expect and the answer is if you say
there shouldn't be many unexplained
coincidences there should be kind of
straightforward then you don't
understand the Bible Code story what the
the most normal thing that we should
have seen is a whole bunch of fake
patterns and coincidences every time
there's nothing about this case that
that is giving you extra coincidences
and if it looks like they are they
probably don't mean
anything so being just filled with
unlikely seeming coincidence probably
doesn't mean anything it has no no
predictive value at all and that's what
the Bible Code teaches you the the story
about the Bible Code that's what it
teaches you so it's the same thing when
I the megc Martin preschool case if you
don't understand that you would not
understand what a mass psychosis looks
like Mass hysteria so there there are
some stories about reality that will
tell you about the odds of things and
and how to interpret the news and those
are big ones the Bible Code just
understand how that get debunked and
then the M Martin preschool case to
understand how people thought there was
massive uh
again that was coincidence the the
McMartin preschool thing was that people
said it's not possible that all of these
children could have stories about
satanic abuse unless it's
true but the real answer is no it's
completely possible it's routine to have
gigantic coincidences in any complicated
situation there're always there're
always
some so I think he was just uh had a
problem the Sha Ryan Sam made to email
um I don't know if he wrote that and I
don't know if somebody else wrote it I
don't think it matters I mean we've if
he did write something that shows he has
mental problems well it would just be
additive to what we already knew but I
definitely don't think there are any
gravitic propulsion
devices
um let's see and and again I wouldn't
call it a terrorist
attack so the first coincidences ruled
out the first coincidence is did he mean
to create Terror for a larger political
purpose and the answer is no apparently
he meant to create a spectacle to draw
attention to something but he liked the
United States and he liked Trump so it
wasn't I mean I I think it did cause a
lot of damage to people were there
people some near were there people
injured nearby I don't remember the
details of this one
but uh it wasn't meant to be massive D
massive
casualties and so some of the things
that people are saying
are well let me just give you a taste
for it so there's there's new video from
a new angle that purports to show that
he's alive before the blast and did not
shoot his head off so I looked at the
video and there's nothing on the video
and all the commenters are see see
he's perfectly alive there and then and
I'm looking at it I'm looking at it in
closeup and I'm saying you can't see a
person what are you looking at so I
don't even think you're even seeing him
I don't know what you're looking at I'm
looking at exactly the same picture I
don't see anybody I just see Reflections
in the
window so I don't think that anything
that we see in those videos is telling
us the truth the fact that we can't
figure out you know did he shoot
himself you know we don't even know if
there was a fuse like did he have time
to shoot himself
first probably so probably everything
just has an ordinary explanation and I
don't really think there's anything that
really screams cover up or op it looks
like it's just exactly what it looks
like so that's my that's where I'm
settling on this I'm always open to
changing my mind but so far I don't see
anything that seems suspicious about it
just as
tragic in my
opinion let's see what else they found
yeah he had additional Firearms so that
one of the questions I had was uh if he
had this Desert Eagle Gun that he shot
his head off all the the smart people
who know about guns say
Scott the last thing you would take
would be this unreliable pistol called
The Desert Eagle so I went to social
media not social media I went to uh
perplexity the AI and I said Is it true
that this kind of gun is unreliable and
I said yes so then you say to yourself
okay if he's a gun expert because he's a
gun expert and he planned to off
himself why would you bring and and
there would be a timing a timing
variable you'd have to do it like right
at the right second before the car
exploded um why would somebody who knew
about guns bring one that's famous for
jamming when you're really really going
to need it and then I
asked what would be the odds that that
gun would jam if you knew you were only
going to fire at
once and you were a gun expert and you
fired the gun before how often does it
jam on the first shot and it said oh
much less likely it much less likely
it's going to jam on the first
shot I don't know if that's true that's
just what perplexity said said so my
question would be this if he knew that
he had used this revolver many times and
that maybe it did Jam maybe it did but
what if it never once jammed on the
first shot and that there's something
about the multiple shots that creates
the jamming
possibility in that case maybe the
reason he'd use it is because he's more
of a gun expert than you are could it be
since he owned the gun he knew that it
always worked on the first shot
but it did have a problem if you did
repeated shooting could he have known
that now the other question would be if
he had these other weapons why didn't he
use them and it might be that the
caliber or something like that he wanted
to get it done for sure I don't know so
he and and then you have to add to that
that he wasn't me he wasn't
mentally um working so his mental
problems could have been related to a
bad choice of
Firearms um yeah so there's a lot of
stuff that you you think is a big oh the
thing that bothered me when I heard
about the desert eagle I said to myself
okay I could see why maybe he would
trust it to off himself you know if it
doesn't jam on the first thing but but
why would somebody who's going into a
situation where there's likely to be
trouble and he's a military guy why
wouldn't he have a proper defensive
weapon right and then we find out he had
other proper defensive weapons so I was
thinking oh this can't be explained it
can't be explained that somebody who
knows that much about Firearms going
into an inherently dangerous situation
would bring the worst firearm you could
bring to that situation and the answer
is he didn't then people say but why
would he have a
passport well there was he there was
some talk about him going to Mexico
which at some point you might have
thought he would go to Mexico maybe he
changed his mind remember he had mental
problems he wasn't stable so if he if at
any point he thought to himself well I
might change my mind and just go to
Mexico he throws his passport in but why
didn't the passport
burn I've Got a Feeling there were some
things that burned and some things that
didn't and maybe that's a
coincidence but maybe not a big one
because again were really really bad at
knowing what's a real coincidence and
what's just any complicated situation
there's going to be some stuff that
didn't burn and some stuff that did so
you I could go down the the list of uh
you know the other things that people
are saying what about this how do you
explain that and and all of them have at
least the potential for some ordinary
explanation so I think that one's to me
that's put to
bed um
Elon
Musk um is getting some push back for
some story that I don't understand yet
and I think is fake but the
allegations that users of X were making
yesterday and the day before is that X
had already or was about to change its
algorithm to do something like debost
negativity so if you often said things
that were listen a criticism of
something that you would get less
engagement now I don't know that there's
any truth to that because at the same
time there were a number of people who
were deplatformed or deboosted like
Laura lomer for example and others and
but each of them had a special story
that we knew about or could have known
about so there seem to be specific
allegations of terms of service broken
um
so we don't know if the cancellations
are related to what people did that even
if you looked at it and knew all the
details you would say oh okay I maybe
you don't agree with it but you'd see
that it matches the terms of service and
somebody violated something so there
there's this great uncertainty about
what happened to the algorithm or what's
going to happen and how that affect
things I saw Mike Ben did an extended
video saying that if you Deb boost or
you you deplatform somebody and they put
all of their work on X let's say their
video content like Mike Ben does that
they would lose it all and there'd be no
recourse so if he got de if he got
banned tomorrow Ben would lose
350 hours of Fairly brilliant content
how is that fair right but I think the
answer
is um
it's the story seems to be at least half
fake I don't know if any of is true but
Elon mus said today quote for the bright
Sparks out there no change has yet been
made to the algorithm if you're
wondering why you're not getting more
views look in the mirror any changes we
make will be posted publicly now what's
interesting about this is that if the
rumors are true that negativity and and
sort of insulting people if that's
actually going to get deboosted then
what Elon mus posted today would have
been massively deboosted because he's
literally insulting people calling them
bright Sparks iron
sarcastically and you know if you're not
getting more views look in the mirror
basically there's something wrong with
you that seems like exactly what would
be
deboosted if the people who think this
is happening are right and I don't think
they
are so I'm in total fog of for with this
topic and I think everybody is so I
don't think I'm alone I think there's
just some rumors of things that might
happen but we don't know so at the
moment I'm going to stand down and just
say I'm going to take myself out of this
conversation because I don't think we
know what it is you know we should be
worried that there's any possibility
things could go in a negative
Direction but I kind of wait to see cuz
so far so far
Elon Musk has a perfect record in my
opinion of being a pro Free Speech
Advocate and until I see that
change then I'm going to say there must
be something I don't understand about
this story so that's where I'm
at um Mario and Nal
is talking about how um I guess the uh
back in September 2024 the house passed
a bill to deport undocumented immigrants
convicted of sex crimes so in other
words the idea would be if we if we have
so many people that are
undocumented you got to start somewhere
so you start you should start with the
criminals and apparently probably
Republicans driving this I assume um
wanted to make sure that the legislation
said if you're a sex offender and you're
undocumented you're definitely going to
get shipped back so every single
Republican voted for that and even 51
Democrats but 158 Democrats opposed
deporting noncitizens who are sex
offenders now we could talk about how
crazy that is but I'm more interested in
how clever it is to make the Democrats
aside with sex offenders and every time
the Republicans find a new way to make
the Republicans side with the sex
offenders I just I just think to myself
oh that's good that's pretty good
because you don't have to you don't have
to insult them you don't have to say oh
you you're sex offenders or supporting
them or something you just have to let
them come out publicly in favor of the
sex offenders I think people can connect
the dots now I don't know why they do
it you know some are saying it was
racist or whatever but I'm thinking race
why would I care what race they are if
they came from another country and
they're raping our citizens and we have
a chance to send them out of the country
do you think I care if they're white or
not white that's the last thing I'm
thinking about you know you I'm thinking
about your daughters and that's about it
not in the bad
way anyway so if the Republicans can
find more ways to get the Democrats on
record as siding with with the um the
pedophiles it's just going to be funnier
and
funnier all right um as you know there's
been some talk lately about the
Democrats have been saying the the
biggest risk of Terror is the white
supremacist
um and here's my question so I'm seeing
a number of uh you know largely uh Black
TV hosts and pundits saying that uh the
big risk is the way supremacists
terrorists and here's my question for
all those who agree with that statement
would you want to to live where there's
a high percentage of white
supremacists now if some of you are
white supremacist yourself you might say
well that's exactly what I want but most
of you are going to say no I don't
really want to live near white
supremacist and if you're
black I I mean I think most white people
people would say I don't want to live
near a white
supremacist you know very much the high
percentage of people would say that but
if you're
black would you ever want to live in a
town that that was known to have a high
percentage of white
supremacist and and if you were
considering it what kind of advice would
you give
them well I don't know I'll just take a
stab at it uh because i' like to be
helpful I would probably tell black
Americans who are concerned about living
in a town where there's a high
percentage and high percentage in this
case would be let's say
20% would you agree that's high like if
you were black would you intentionally
ever move to a place that 20% white
supremacist in it well not not if you're
if you're concerned about your safy
which we should all be concerned about
no if you want to be safe you should
make sure that you're moving into a town
that's a blue City and you know nice and
welcoming and maybe even has
Dei maybe has a you know maybe once
maybe they're already studying
reparations right if you were black that
would be your ideal safest situation
with even maybe some economic benefits
so what would be your
advice to a black American Family who is
considering moving into a town with 20%
White
supremacist well I'll take a stab at it
I would say you should get the F out of
that
town so did I get canceled for saying
that do you get canceled for saying that
um nice law AB bodying black families
should stay away from towns that have
20% white supremacists in them and that
it's just common sense it has nothing to
do with racism it's not really it's not
a statement about white people
right it's a statement about one subset
of white people who do look like they
present a risk to you so as I often say
every time we treat the group the same
as an individual we're being
stupid the way you should treat
individuals as is as an
individual you should not give me credit
for being white because there are some
physicists who are also white who did
some cool things
once I don't get credit for
that I don't get I don't get like some
kind of white credit because some white
people who I've never met and I could
never match their abilities did some
cool things so no I'm not going to judge
you by the group it's like oh white
person I heard of that white person who
got a Nobel Prize so I'm going to hire
you because you're white and there was
once a white person who got a Nobel
Prize so makes sense right no nobody
does that you never treat an individual
like the group there's no there's
literally no
logical reason to do that but can you
treat a group like it has a tendency or
a risk which would be highly relevant to
you personally of course of course if
it's a high crime neighborhood don't go
there if it's a high white
supremacist group and you're not white
don't go there if you are white don't go
there it's exactly the same you know
less dangerous for the white people but
also don't go
there all
right
so uh El Salvador continues to do clever
things not only that are good for El
Salvador but um they they look good one
of the things I love about El Salvador
is uh president uh bu Kelly is not only
legitimately has accomplished things
that look really hard to accomplish you
know made the country safe and he's you
know he seems to be good for the economy
and everything else but this latest move
is just kind of brilliant um El Salvador
is uh lending their troops some of them
to Haiti to help defeat the Haitian
gangs now is that a brilliant idea
because it feels like it if if you were
the government or whatever there is in
Haiti I don't know do they even have a
government right now I don't know but
the last thing you want to do is hire
some Haitians to sort it
out because the Haitians all hate the
other Haitians and they are gangs and
you know there's a high level of
corruption and you know bribery and
threats and blackmail and retribution
and it's probably a situation where the
Haitians they don't have a path like it
would take some external infl fluence to
get anything back on
track could it be that the El Salvador
troops are uh really specifically
trained for this kind of civil unrest
because they had experience in El
Salvador and can they because their only
interest is to do what they're told
which is to try to get Hades stood up
again could they pull it off in a way
that the Haitians couldn't have done it
themselves and more importantly
even a big superpower couldn't have
helped and I'm thinking maybe if they
pull this off then bu Kelly is not just
the guy who did some great things in his
country suddenly he's that International
guy so that is so brilliant for him to
for the benefit of the brand of his
country and to look like their movement
but one of the one of the things that a
leader needs to do is make it look like
great things are happening all the time
so you have to have a steady stream of I
did this I did this we're doing that we
can't can't wait to do that and this
this would be like that so you might say
to yourself well I mean how does this
help El Salvador some of their people
will be put at risk might be deaths you
know that seems like they're just giving
stuff away but not
really what it does for the El Salvador
brand is you start think of them like I
don't know the Swiss you know we think
of Switzerland as always connected to
international events but just because
they're good at what they're doing you
know Banking and staying
neutral what what if El Salvador becomes
the place that can solve your internal
problems it's pretty strong play I just
love how it looks and feels so uh buelli
definitely has the persuasion game um
he's he's got that
completely all right what about uh
there's reports in the Wall Street
Journal that Iran's economy is teetering
on the edge I never believe these
stories because I it seems like we've
never exactly bankrupted a country into
compliance have we is there an example
that that's ever worked because it feels
like they can just keep getting poorer
but they become more Resolute and they
have workarounds and they have black
markets and you somehow they can make
things work so I'm I'm not going to say
that Iran is economy is crumbling and
that that will force them into
negotiations because that feels too
optimistic
but if Iran had any hope of being you
know let let's say making things better
this would be the time to negotiate
because they've lost their proxies so
the Hamas is on the run and Syria is
just over overcome and Hezbollah is
beating back and Iran's air defenses are
completely destroyed and you know you've
got Israel just casually talking about
destroying their entire nuclear program
which they would just have to want to do
like Iran couldn't stop them so it's
like a casual public conversation H do
you think we should bomb their nuclear
program into non-existence yeah yeah
maybe we should
so here's some more
numbers um apparently the Iran's
currency is uh you know down 40% since
the start of
2024 their GDP is uh Fallen 45% since
2012
that's that's a huge
number 45% decrease in GDP since 2012
since 2012 there should have been a
really large increase in GDP if just
things were normal so if you look at
what it should have
been uh that's makes it look way worse
than just saying it's down 45 cuz it
should have been up
20 so there's like a 60% difference or
something if I'm doing the math
right but roughly you know
directionally um
and apparently they're running out
energy which is also weird because it's
an energy producing country but it
doesn't mean it's the kind of energy you
can use and everything else so
apparently their manufacturing their
factories are being frequently shut down
because they don't have enough
electricity to keep them running all day
so the factory production is like a
fraction of what it was they don't have
enough energy they probably have trouble
getting replacement anything to improve
their energy situation so the thinking
is that they'll be so weakened both
internationally and domestically because
their economy that when Trump comes in
he's sort of in the perfect situation
for
negotiating and he's
reportedly going to put even more
sanctions on them which would be the
right play uh especially if you wanted
to force the negotiations sooner than
later so I do wonder what sanctions are
left like are there some sanctions we
had left that we weren't
using why seems like we would have used
everything you could use by
now uh meanwhile according to the Daily
skeptic Chris Morrison is writing that
uh the new evidence shows there's been a
30-year Global drop in Hurricane
frequencies and power huh wouldn't that
be the opposite of what the climate
models suggest wouldn't that be the
opposite opposite of what science tells
us yes that would be the opposite but do
you believe these do you believe the new
numbers that the hurricanes have dropped
in power and frequency for 30 years
or would it be more fair to say wait a
minute Scott apply apply a version of
Gilman Amnesia to
this so when the experts showed me the
climate change numbers they said the
Earth is going to burn up I said that's
fake when they showed me that the
hurricanes are going to get worse I said
that's
fake when they said you know the the I
don't know the sea sea level would be
rising at a certain rate I said that's
fake and basically every time climate
change said anything you know the
consensus I said I don't think so that
looks fake to me now what should I take
to this new story
so the new story is the opposite it says
that there's data that says that the
Hurricanes weren't as bad would I
automatically think that's true because
it agrees with
me how about
no how about the the only thing I should
be confident in is that the data about
all things climate change is are
unreliable I think the the anti-climate
change Hysteria numbers are probably
unreliable it would be weird if the only
unreliable studies were all in one
direction it would be more likely by my
experience that everybody who has a
everybody who has a perspective just
picks the data and the study that fits
they only run studies that work for them
if it if it went the other way they
wouldn't tell you
so here's what I think I think you can't
know about climate change
I I think that we don't have a system
where humans are honest
enough and that their ability to do you
know data collection and analyze it
properly are good enough that any of it
means
anything I don't believe the pro or the
anti and I'll extend that to the
pandemic today again there's some new
report about oh the the vaccination did
this or that that's bad for you maybe
maybe a lot of you would say well I I
believe that that's true I believe the
vaccinations are bad for people if you
believe that then the new report comes
out you're going to say well that's true
but then you wouldn't believe anything
that the other people said with their
science go
further if you're saying the other side
gets all the science wrong but everybody
who disagree with disagrees gets it
right in what world world does that
happen it's far more likely that both
sides are lying or or mistaken or don't
know how to do the math that's your
normal world so I don't trust any
statistics or any
analyses coming out of the pandemic
nothing now and nothing then and so
since I don't understand it I don't want
to you know wear a mask and take a
vaccination because I don't have I don't
have information that tells me it's a
good
idea I just don't see the reason and
when it said when I see information that
says oh it's going to kill you it's a
bad idea I don't believe that either it
might be true it's worrying certainly
certainly worth our full attention if
there's anything that says it was bad or
could be bad but I don't know how to
believe any of it so climate change and
the pandemic I don't believe any data in
either direction
and so I make my decisions based on the
default if I don't know if the weather
is going to be bad or good I don't want
to fund anything I don't want to fund it
and I don't want to believe it if the if
I don't know anything about the pandemic
whether it's true I don't know if the
vaccinations are good for me or bad for
me then I don't want to do it if I don't
know it's good I don't want to wear a
mask but I don't know it's good I
definitely don't want to stick anything
else in my body I've already done that
so just don't believe anything and make
your decisions based on that although we
we we'll end up using our biases to
decide what is real but we shouldn't
China has a new technology for shooting
down they hope Hypersonic missiles and
they've got what they call a gun but it
fires
450,000 rounds per
minute and I think the technology came
from at one point attested a million
rounds per minute now as somebody smart
said does that mean that they fired a
million
rounds in a
minute no no they didn't develop
anything that can fire a million bullets
in a minute or rounds no that that means
that if they fired it for 5
seconds or whatever they they actually
fire it for then you know if you could
extend that which they can't it would
have been 450,000 in a minute what they
should have said is how much they shoot
per second and that how many seconds
they can shoot now that would tell me
something if they can only shoot for
five seconds but it's you know 50,000
bullets or something I get that but this
is just poorly poorly conceived but my
question is
this if you shoot
450,000 rounds let's say you have
multiple of these guns and there are
multiple supersonic weapons heading your
way where do the bullets
land I mean it's bad enough when people
celebrate by shooting in the air every
now and then you'll hear somebody got
hit by the bullet that fell
down what happens if you
shoot 100,000 bullets in the same
direction isn't there going to be some
suburb in China That's directly below
where 50,000 bullets are going to
land now I I'm sure it's better I'm sure
it's better to take out the Hypersonic
missile so you're you're probably still
coming on ahead but I wouldn't want to
be in the general
direction of 450,000 bullets per minute
that are in the air and they're all got
to come down so I don't know if they
thought that through
entirely meanwhile in the world of
batteries your favorite topic there's a
Tesla backed
breakthrough uh using something thing
called a single Crystal uh electrode
that would still work with a lithium
battery but it would make the the
battery
last way longer what's the actual number
U millions of miles Millions miles so
with a change that they Now understand
and therefore it's possible you'll see
it but we don't know
yet your battery would last longer than
the
car so with fairly well understood
technology it sounds like you're you
don't have to worry about replacing your
battery unless you know there's a defect
um but in terms of wearing it out your
car will wear out before the battery and
then here's the cool part yeah because
they they can take lots of charges and
and not degrade as fast the cool part is
that once your rest of your car wears
out and you still got this battery
that's working and maybe it's down to
80% capacity or 60% by then but still
works you would be able to take your
battery and put it into the
grid so it's I don't think it's designed
to easily do that at the moment but you
can imagine when you trade in your car
that instead of trying to get rid of the
battery they say oh it's one of these
million mile batteries and you got 60%
charge left we'll just uh connect this
with the other ones that are already in
the grid and they just snap it in and it
becomes gives a second life which I
think is very cool I don't know if any
of that will happen but it looks like
within the realm of technical
possibility is there any story I missed
today probably not all right I think I
had all all the uh important
stuff
um and uh Erica have you reposted
yet did you repost the pictures that you
took of the
drones I didn't see it yet send it to me
and I'll re I'll uh repost it if if you
have or I'll go look at it I can find it
all right I'm going to say bye to
everybody except the local subscribers
and I'm going to talk to them for a
minute but the rest of you I'll see you
tomorrow thanks for
joining
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e e