[Music]
[Music]
mom hello Beth and Chris and everybody
else coming in here Andrew and Thomas
good to see you all all the regulars
Jess
nice guy Polly hey man good to see you
and Erica and Bobo it's time for your
favorite part of the day the part that
gets it all going on the part of the
guest your your body chemistry all
psyched up the thing that makes
everything better for the rest of the
day I call it coffee with Scott Adams
featuring the simultaneous up and all
you need to enjoy it is a cup or a mug
of glass a tankard a Steiner a chalice a
thermos or a flask a vessel of any kind
put your favorite liquid in there I like
coffee and join me now for the
unparallel pleasure that I call the
simultaneous end oh
shivers I tell you it's that good all
right I'd like to start by talking about
all of the problems with the Trump
administration and with President Trump
in particular now in the old days when
you talked about a president who had
problems you would often see a
photograph of that problem for example
if you had a president that started a
war with Iraq let's say you might see
pictures of burning buildings and cars
and dead people now that's a problem
problem is something you can take a
picture of
but this president seems to have a lot
of problems they have one quality in
particular have you noticed all of
president Trump's flaws his problems his
mistakes the horrible things he's done
have one quality in common they're all
indivisible let me give you an example
number one there's Russian collusion
which no matter how hard we look for it
we can't seem to find it
oh we know it's there but it's sort of
invisible and by saying when I say we
know it's there I mean his critics and
then there's of course the obstruction
of justice which is obstructing but
maybe he didn't some stuff that probably
didn't happen because we can't see it so
take a picture of some obstruction
what's it look like it's there's nothing
on the photograph how about all of his
inner thoughts that we know are racist
and misogynist and awful well I can't
get a picture of visit or thoughts I'd
like to have a photograph of that but
for some reason I can't get hard
evidence that his inner thoughts are bad
because when we ask him what he's
thinking he keeps saying good things
that we like it's only that we can
imagine is it or thoughts that there's a
problem there and you've got the the
various many many financial crimes that
he's committed as far as we know I mean
we don't have any evidence there's
nothing we can look at there's no
document no photograph no witness but
I'm sure if only we had his taxes yes
yes that's it if only we had his taxes
it would all come apart but for now it's
all kind of invisible we can't see it
then there are things there the next
category of Trump flaws is all the stuff
that he hasn't done yet
but you know he's gonna do right he
hasn't done these things but we know
he's that kind of guy who might do
things so you got things in the future
and you can't really get a photograph of
the future so that's unfortunate because
all those bad things would you like to
know about them in the future
then they're looking at my list wait
oh yes then there's the category of
things that we imagined he said that he
didn't say because we can't we can't get
a video or an audio of those things so
we don't have the physical evidence but
we're sure we heard it for example we're
sure we heard him call neo-nazis fine
people but when we go to the video or
the transcript it says the opposite if
you read the whole transcript if you
read only part of it it does look like
that but if read the whole transcript it
isn't there so you have this other
category of things that we're sure he
said but we can't find the video of it
can't find the transcript but here's my
favorite one so all of those things I
think you would agree that all those
things you can't hold in your hand you
can't take a photograph of it can't find
a document but man there must be a lot
of stuff it's just all invisible but
here's my new favorite thing he's
changing the environmental restrictions
on I guess a variety of different ways
and that will create invisible
pollutants that will kill people that we
can't identify by name now let me say
first of all it might be entirely true
and if it is maybe we should you know
maybe we should do something different
but is it a coincidence that all of the
problems that this president is being
accused of they all have the same
quality that they're invisible sure
there might be more people dying in a
statistical sense but why is it that you
can never get it you can't get a name
for the person who died who wouldn't
have died otherwise it's a statistical
thing I can't get a picture of it I
can't I can't you show me the driver's
license of somebody who died because of
it you can't now I'm now saying that co2
and the pollutants that may be increased
to be because of various relaxation of
rules I can't say that it's good to
relax those rules how the heck would I
know but I thirst thing I just think
it's interesting that all of the
president's flaws are invisible
including the ones that science supports
even science says trust us we can see
this stuff because we're scientists yeah
we got models and we got statistics and
we got microscopes and we've got we've
got machines and and ways to measure
things we got chemistry you can't see it
sure you can't see it but trust us there
are other people who can totally see the
problem but again I don't mean to make
light of any if if there are problems
with the environment I would say if it
turned out there were real problems with
the environment and real people who know
how to measure this stuff say that you
know there's there's more bad than good
in it well I'll listen to that argument
but at the moment it's hard to trust
anybody so the the press this next thing
is just as funny so the President as you
know famously was planning an attack on
Iran in retaliation for the drone being
taken out and then he changed his mind
before the attack was executed
and then people said well you know it's
good thing you did that because we
didn't want to do something
disproportionate and now there are
reports that the president authorized
cyberattacks against the Iranian spy
group that was associated with the
taking down the drone now what's funny
about that have you seen a picture of
our cyberattack nope you can't get a
picture of a cyberattack
have you seen scene interviews with the
Iranians who were saying darn they
attacked our stuff our computers aren't
working no I haven't seen that have you
seen the documents that demonstrate
there was a cyber attack no so was there
a cyber attack was there really a cyber
attack maybe but we've got we've reached
I'm not saying there wasn't I'm just
saying
then now instead of all these invisible
problems that the president has there's
this new category of invisible solutions
and one of these invisible solutions
that apparently we may have done
something like a cyber attack against a
group that may or may not actually exist
and that cyber attack may or may not
have actually changed something or done
something or made an impact maybe but I
haven't haven't seen a photograph of any
of this I haven't seen a witness I'm not
so sure that there's a cyber attack now
my god so there could be no better
indication there were in or approaching
or in some kind of golden age then I
think historians will look back at with
more clarity because they won't have all
the personalities to worry about you
know time will go by but if we're
arguing about invisible flaws where the
president who may be attacking another
country in an invisible way that shows
no no no no no evidence that we can
actually observe there
later indirectly we're in a pretty good
place all our problems and even our
solutions are invisible lately
here's a I want to run an idea past you
I want you to hold in your mind a
picture of Eric's wall well I get make a
mental picture of Eric's wall well okay
got it
now next to the mental picture of Eric's
wahwah just hold it in your mind
Eric's wall well there is now make
another mental picture side by side of
Amy Klobuchar is it my imagination or
does Eric swallow well look like Amy
Klobuchar with a different haircut I'm
just gonna put that out there doesn't
mean anything all right there so Pelosi
speaker Pelosi tweeted that she wants to
get going on comprehensive immigration
reform because the president has delayed
apparently by two weeks the rounding up
of people who fall into some special
category of being in the country
illegally I think it's people who
skipped court appearances and stuff and
so she's saying yeah let's get going
with comprehensive immigration reform to
which I say I'm glad we got two weeks to
get that done how long should it take
one week one week right because we know
all the parts it's not it's not like
there's a big mystery of what do people
want to do what are the potential
solutions we sort of know what all that
looks like we either we just want to do
it or not do it and it seems to me that
I'm speculating now because I think it's
too early to say but what it looks like
is that if you go back in time not too
far President Trump was saying hey I
want to round up people and deport them
you know in various times and various
different
plans and various statements and it was
generally thought that that was way over
the line in other words most of the
country said don't do that don't do that
dude don't do that that that would be
too cruel to people who had been you
know illegal immigrants but had become
good citizens and live good lives
otherwise that that was too far and it
did seem like that but is it my
imagination or has all of the ugliness
with the whatever you want to call them
the detention centers all of the
ugliness with the you know the the
caravans the number of people coming
over is it my imagination or has all of
that ugliness which sort of made the
president look right because he was
trying to decrease incentives to come
here but outside of his control the laws
of this nation actually created great
incentives to come here and as those
incentives were causing more and more
people to come here it seemed as if the
president was being proven right it also
seems that even though Democrats like to
use the detention centers at the border
as a club to beat the president I also
think that everyone who uses that as a
club against the president also
understands that the reason these people
are coming in the first place is that
our laws are broken which is what the
president has been saying the whole time
so it feels to be like the president's
latest threat to start rounding people
up which I think was a more limited
roundup to limited to those people who
had who had gone through some processing
and promised to come back but then you
know skipped out on their record dates I
guess I think that's the this situation
or something similar to it it seems to
me that the public has sort of felt a
shift on this it seems to me that the
public now understands that there isn't
any way
- just keep going the way we're going in
other words it's obvious now that the
current set of laws it's obvious is just
gonna bring in so many people that
whatever we build in terms of humane
processing centers detention centers no
matter what we throw at it it would just
attract more people until its
overwhelmed together so for example if
you could snap your fingers and double
the resources double the funding at the
border how long would that last because
people would find out look those bad
detention centers or they didn't have
you know didn't have a blanket for
everybody the kids who are not taken
care of and you know then there was no
air conditioning they fixed all that now
they got these great tents with air
conditioning kids get free blankets and
food it's better than the way we were
living before I can't wait to get what
to one of those detention centers so the
one thing that Democrats consistently
get wrong and it's weird because I don't
see anybody calling them out for this
specifically what Democrats consistently
get wrong is incentive it seems like
every single policy bad idea the
Democrats have have the same problem
it's not even a different problem
everyone ignores the humans act like
human beings the Democrats to their
credit to their credit Democrats and
people on the Left appear to exhibit
more empathy at least exhibit I don't
know if they feel more empathy you know
I have no reason to believe their inner
thoughts are different from anybody
else's but at least outwardly they
express more empathy for the people who
who are in the worst situations I
respect that I want to live in a world
where people have great empathy for
people who are in trouble that's that's
the world you want to live in but the
problem is that's a goal having having a
good outcome for everybody is a goal but
goals are not very effective compared to
systems I talk about this all the time
the best thing you can do sometimes is
have the best system and then the
outcome is whatever the outcome is but
it's the best system you could come up
with the the alternative doesn't work
whereas you have a you have a goal and
you say the goal is everybody is treated
humanely but the moment you start that
goal and even if you get success toward
that goal the system is broken so the
goal breaks the system as soon as you
say the goal is to treat everybody who
comes into the country illegally treat
them really well you get more of them
until you run into money or the system
is overwhelmed
Republicans consistently get the system
right you know capitalism is better than
socialism at least you know in in the
extreme sense not in the specific
individual cases of health care etc
necessarily so look for that Democrats
continuously have good goals but
Republicans have systems that recognize
people operate on incentives and I
haven't seen correct me if I'm wrong
have you seen any Republicans say what I
just said as directly as I just said it
has anybody ever told that message that
way because whenever I say this I feel
as though I don't get any pushback I
don't get any pushback somebody says
yesterday and Crenshaw said this Reagan
did oh you know I'm not aware of that
but Reagan might have if he did that was
pretty smart
somebody says Republicans say it all the
time you know I don't think they say it
as succinctly as I said it and it
matters how you say it and how
effectively you say it so if you were to
say it and it's very effective to say
that your opposition let's say you're
Republican and your opposition is
Democrats it's very effective to praise
them for doing something that
at least on the conceptual level is
praiseworthy and then at the same time
say but this this is an effective it's
it's good that you think that way but
it's not a good system it's very
effective so I think a Republican who
said you know Democrats have excellent
goals their goals are so good that I
share them I would like to see great
outcomes for everybody I'd like to see
poverty eliminated I'd like to see the
best health care at the lowest cost I
like every goal that Democrats have what
they don't have is a system to get there
we have systems we don't know we can get
all the way to where these goals are but
we know that the system is going to get
the closest and if you don't account for
human incentives you don't have a good
system now if I ran for president and I
said to what I just said I don't think I
would lose I mean I think I could run
for president today and say what I just
said and people would just say oh crap
that's that makes sense
because people don't want to give people
don't want to give up their goals and
they don't want to be told they're wrong
for having them because they know damn
well they're right they know that this
empathy this feeling for their you know
their other human beings is is
biologically right morally right
ethically right they know they're right
they just don't know how to get there
and I think it's important to
acknowledge their rightness
because it's very right it's as right as
you can get you know wanting to be good
to other people this is the ultimate
right nothing is more right than that
so arguing against it in even indirectly
without mentioning as specifically you
know even indirectly arguing against
that is weak all right
I don't think there's much going on
today am alright I think that I'm gonna
have to take some questions because
otherwise we would be done too early
somebody says you're boring well lucky
Philippe but lucky for you you got
blocked and you don't have to listen to
it anymore
yay did you see the video I think I just
tweeted it of Joe Biden confused about
what stays in and then get all confused
about some numbers I mean he seemed he
seemed lost and old and like he doesn't
have it any chance so I think I'm gonna
take some questions in a minute if
anybody wants to come in to ask me a
question but let me review the Democrat
challengers number one Joe Biden leading
in the polls I say does not have a
chance of getting the nomination so my
prediction is Joe Biden no chance of
getting nominated because it seems to me
that even his own team can tell that he
doesn't have the goods and I think that
the more they see him the more that will
be obvious there's not a chance he's
gonna make it
next Bernie I don't think Bernie has a
support in the entire entire group I
think Bernie will not be the nominee in
part because even Democrats are saying
he's too old
that brings us to Elizabeth Warren
Elizabeth Warren is reasonably solid in
terms of all the boring stuff she's a
pretty good lawyer she's a pretty good
academic she's a pretty good senator
but she's not charismatic she does seem
to be getting better though I would say
that the last few Clips I've seen of her
she seems to have found a way to get out
of let's let's say her angry bookish
mode I mean before I would say she seems
a bookish you know academic bookish and
sort of angry yeah well it's not really
a good look she's sort of shifting her
image to be a little bit more let's say
substantive and you know I would say
someone who's done her homework someone
who was the adult in the room kind of
thing
and she's adding some she's adding a
little energy to her presentation she
better she better get her energy up but
I just don't know if she has enough
stuff she just doesn't have she just
doesn't have the charisma I mean she's
got seriously bad charisma so who's the
sleeping horse you know when we saw that
clip of a Buddha jej being totally
schooled by the black lives matter crowd
I think that ended any chance he had
because if he were to become like the
nominee all Trump would have to do is
run that run that one little loop of
that one video where he's acting weak in
front of just regular citizens and you
won't be able to imagine him as a
president so I don't think he has a
chance so that brings us to Kamala
Kamala Harris is she's playing
rope-a-dope it seems like correct me if
I'm wrong it seems like the Kamala
Harris the thing is that she's she's
trying to run sort of a strong force
doesn't it look like that she's trying
to be the person who's left after Biden
flames out Bernie doesn't look feasible
and Elizabeth Warren doesn't look like
she could win so I think it's gonna be
Warren and Kamala Harris in the end and
I think those two are going to be
battling it out for the final position
and then the Democrats are going to ask
themselves take a step
take a step who has a better chance of
winning so if you said to yourself okay
there are only two Democrats in
contention one one is Connell Harrison
one is Elizabeth Warren which of those
two which of the two seems like more
electable well let's go down Lee let's
go down the list both are women good
both are young enough so that they
they're not Bernie or Biden good that's
a tie both of them are senators good
still a tie both of them are lawyers
still a tie both of them are smart still
a tie
both of them have policies probably
Elizabeth Warren has more completed
policies but what are what is the public
going to care about well they're not
going to care that much about the
completeness of somebody's policies
because they know anything that gets run
through Congress turns into a different
thing anyway so I don't think that
Elizabeth Warren's
complete and an admirable I would say
command of the topics I don't think
that's gonna count too much for voters
so I'm gonna say that's a that's more of
a nothing there won't be enough of a
difference between Warren and Harris for
somebody to say I'll take the one who
has more complete policies because you
figure khamel Harris is a serious person
she's smart she says it has advisors
she'll have complete policies to
at one point you know somebody says Liz
Elizabeth Warren is 70 but still young
enough give him
given our times and she looks good for
if Elizabeth Warren is 70 she's she's in
really good shape wouldn't you say
I mean health-wise she looks younger
than 74 sure I'll talk about and
rehanging second let me just quickly say
that I'm still trying to connect with
Andrew Yang's staff to get him booked on
the show and maybe after that we'll have
a better idea but at the moment I think
that Andrew yang is a little bit too
idea focused his ideas are really
interesting that's why I want to talk to
him it's why you're gonna enjoy it what
I do yeah but I don't know if he has the
gravitas I don't know that Andrew yang
has yet demonstrated the I don't know
the the energy the power of the charisma
the the seriousness that we just
imagined when we see a president he
seems he seems young and interesting
smart you know he's got all kinds of
great qualities but maybe they're 2024
qualities if you know what I mean
you know it may not be 20/20 qualities
time isn't quite right tell see I don't
know if she'll make a run but right now
she's not making much of a dent in the
polls so anyway getting back to Harris
versus Warren which I think it'll come
down to when he a closer to the primary
vote votes it looks to me like they're
going to be essentially a tie except for
one thing
can somebody tell me what is the
tiebreaker between Harris and Warren
what will be the tiebreaker I will take
a sip while I look at the comments and
you tell me what would be the tiebreaker
all right I'm looking on wait if there's
a little delay in your comments yes race
that is correct
Camila has the person of color thing
going for her whereas Warren has the I
tried to be a Native American and it
didn't work out thing going for so the
tiebreaker is authenticity the
tiebreaker is authenticity right I would
say that Warren has everything except
that because the the Native American
thing is the smallest problem in the
world I mean I personally and I think
I've said this before but if anybody
hasn't heard it I had exactly the same
situation as Elizabeth Warren the kids
in my family you know we three kids were
told many times that we were descended
from a Native American I knew her name
her name was Elizabeth that was her
server
you know anglicized name I know what
tribe she was with and I knew
approximately when when this person was
in our family tree and I grew up being
told I was Native American
I had a 23andme test turns out I am zero
Native Americans zero so and then I
found out that there are a lot of people
who have had exactly the same situation
so apparently when I grew up and when
Elizabeth Warren was growing up I guess
it was really popular I guess it was
really popular to say that your family
had some Native American blood I mean
when I said it I was bragging well any
time I ever said it I never thought I
was you know admitting some bad thing in
my past I always chose an advantage so
I'd be bragging yeah I guess I got some
American Indians how about you oh you
don't have any oh I'm so sorry
I don't know what happened to you you
know there were a lot of great Native
Americans here and your family didn't
really nothing now once you slept with a
Native American well you really ought to
try it because they're top-shelf I don't
know if that's true but I imagine it
might be so back to Elizabeth Warren so
I would say that Elizabeth Warren's you
know error if you want to call it that
about thinking she was Native American
and claiming that as you know part of
her heritage etc and then finding out it
wasn't such a big deal
it's slightly embarrassing totally
unimportant totally not disqualifying
from public life totally should be the
most trivial thing we think of except
she's running she would be running
against this guy his name is Donald
Trump under that condition only that
little problem that tiny little problem
of that Native American thing is
probably disqualifying because what
Trump will do with her is he will make
her look like a race a fraud and I don't
know if there's anything that looks
worse than that on the
I mean I'm sure there are worse things
but it's pretty bad
Carla Harris what's the worst thing that
people say about her
I won't even wait for the answer the
worst thing that people say about Cobble
Harris is that she once had an affair
with Willie Brown it was a I guess
married at the time or something I
really don't even care
here's how much I care about that knot
and keep in mind she would be running
against Trump if you're running against
Trump the fact that you made some you
know questionable decisions with your
love life is not gonna look like a big
problem if you know what I mean so
remember your contrast if she were
running against pence
well maybe pence could make something
out of that
or maybe pen supporters could make
something out of it because he's the
most you know loyal guy you know he
plays by the book he's very Bible ready
and you know maybe then but if you're
running against Trump nobody's gonna be
able to take you out because of your
love life it's just yeah somebody saying
heels up Harris that is completely
useless criticism it when you say stuff
like that like oh she's heels up or if
she only got her got where she is cuz
Willie Brown just know when you're
saying it it's just for you right
because there's nobody laughing about it
it's not really that funny it's not
interesting
doesn't mean anything it won't hurt her
in the long run it doesn't have any
value so if you want to say heels up
Harris and you want to make fun of you
know her love life from years ago go
ahead but it's just for you
it's just for you it doesn't make any
impact on the world and should so here's
my bottom line I think Bernie and and
Biden will will disappear from the top
two I think the Harris & Warren will
become you know they're the ones that
matter because Budaj edge sort of
eliminated himself with that little
video clip recently
I think Andrew yang is interesting but
doesn't quite have the gravitas yet
check back you know if he maybe does
something works on some cause maybe
makes a difference some kind of social
program or something then 2024 is gonna
look really interesting for Andrew yang
and I would take a look at him I would
give him a serious look honestly just
for being different and not being I
think he's more you know he would pay
more attention to the science and he
would be a little more interesting than
a regular president Beto has no chance
here's why bado has no chance every time
a male Democrat supported Beto he would
be called a bento male a beta male and
even though it's just a joke and it's
undone play on words it's kind of gonna
hit home a little bit too much
yeah I saw Bill Maher so so here's my
bottom line I'll talk about Bill Maher
bottom line is that it's gonna be worn
and Harris who will emerge and between
the two Warren will probably have a
distinct advantage until she doesn't all
right because once the Biden and Bernie
votes start getting allocated away from
them they have to go somewhere and those
votes probably are going to go between
Warren and Harris eventually and Harris
has the slight advantage on you have it
having you know two groups in the bag
you know women and people of color
alright let's talk about I was watching
Bill Maher from real time and I feel as
if there's a subtle change happening
it's too early to say and I'm not a mind
reader so I don't want to try to read
his mind but I saw Bill Maher trying to
school Democrats on the fact that
calling these detention centers
concentration camps was go
too far and that and that and that it's
just it's gonna be a problem so in other
words even even Bill Maher is saying
this whole Hitler comparison Holocaust
concentration camp thing you're just
shooting yourselves in the foot it's not
hurting Trump it's not rational you know
we don't have nobody has a better idea
about what to do there so in a way you
saw a Bill Maher not directly certainly
not directly but feeling himself pulled
toward the trumpian way of thinking
grudgingly and by that I mean the image
the problem that the border is a real
problem that nobody has a good real
solution to and and I think he sees that
right he must see that the Democrats all
they have is calling a Hitler stuff but
they're not offering anything better and
that that's not a solution for success
so watching Bill Maher talk about that
and then looking at the things he has
left to criticize Trump they start
looking just personal you know I think
they do have some personal history that
wasn't good so what's left
seems like jokes and exaggerations and
hyperbole but it doesn't look that on
policy there's that much of a difference
anymore still a difference but it's the
difference went from it looked like
Trump is a monster is going to destroy
the world to something more narrow do
not be surprised if Bill Maher actually
ends up I'm not going to predict this so
this is not a prediction but I'll say
don't be surprised there's a nonzero
chance the Bill Maher could support
Trump in the election against whoever
he's running against depends who he's
running against of course but I can see
it happening I would give it a
a solid I'm gonna give it a 20% chance
I'll give it a 20% chance the bill Mahr
will say damn it I still believe
everything I've said about this
president I still believe all of this is
suboptimal I still believe it has all
these problems you know I'm not not
ignoring them all I still want to do
more with climate change I still have
all these problems but he's still better
than the alternative
I could there's a 20% chance he's gonna
say that and other people as well I
think all right let's take a call just
because I said I would let's go to the
colors and I get a favor people who have
some kind of a profile picture the blank
ones hello caller hello do you have a
question for me yeah I wanted to talk to
you about the socialism versus
capitalism thing and okay I think
there's there's a reframing of that that
will make it a lot more persuasive cuz I
remember you saying that the socialism
vers capitalism thing it's not
persuasive the way that argument is not
persuading anyone and I agree with you
you have to I think you have to reframe
it as monopolies versus decentralization
and when he cuz cuz the left they're
against monopolies but they don't see a
government monopoly as bad and that's
exactly what socialism is it's like a
government in charge of monopoly so like
if it's like yeah yeah I see your point
that's pretty good because well people
have been saying before is
centralization versus decentralization
and that has no persuasive power to
conceptual but when you said you're why
you added to this was monopoly versus
some decentralized kind of thing and
when you say monopoly I get that
instantly I like Oh monopoly that's
always bad and in this case you know
it's a government monopoly
that's pretty good I'm not sure it's
enough but I like I like where you're
going with that the thinking is is solid
on that I would here let me take another
run at it I think you should diversify
human beings and let me say more about
that capitalism diversifies the the
natural evil of human beings because you
could have a lot of evil people but as
long as there are some good ones making
some good companies and stuff that are
honest the good stuff will rise so
capitalism works pretty well that way
but if you don't diversify your evil you
could end up with a centralized
situation in which a few evil people are
in charge so in everything you should
diversify if you're investing you should
diversify because you can't tell which
companies are going to be good I often
say if you have the option usually try
to diversify your bosses having one boss
is the worst thing in the world having
lots of customers who are effectively
your boss let's say you work for
yourself maybe this is an analogy what
would you rather do have one boss who
could turn out to be the worst boss you
ever had that's what socialism looks
like you know centralizing or lots of
lots of customers and any one of those
customers can have a bad day and be mad
at you
but doesn't really that much just it's
just one customer so I like where you're
going there I don't think my ideas is
quite there but I think you moved it
along so thank you for that you're
welcome Thanks all right
that was interesting let's go to Colleen
Colleen can you hear me Colleen can you
hear me
I do you have a question um when you
first brought up the whole shadow
banning thing and about your followers I
have to admit I was a little skeptical
because I had never experienced that and
I thought well people may just think
that they were you know but when I
experienced
the other day a true shadow banning
where you post a comment and on your
page it's posted Twitter then it hides
it and so in the upcoming election
moving forward actual arguments on
issues are now being hidden from the
public where so when people see tweet
not available it's a blocked person but
now I I know that's not the case how can
we draw more attention to this and get I
mean 2020 could be toast if yeah if were
manipulated this bad it was just so
shocking to me when I saw well I think I
think there are a few things that at
least we have some hope Oh what number
one is the Trump administration seems to
be aware of the problem so that that's a
big deal right they I believe that there
are enough of them in the administration
including Trump who understand the
social media has at least the ability
whether they executed it out they have
the ability to determine the election
and and thwart the will of the people
and make the system less credible so but
what do they do about it I would say
that the minimum they should do about it
between now and Election Day is it it
seems like the most accessible thing
would would be to have some kind of an
algorithm court so some kind of a judge
or judges who are the only ones who can
see the algorithms but they they have
enough technical wherewithal or they're
working with people who do that they can
look at the algorithm and say okay at
least I the judge understands it I I get
that I can't tell the public because
it's the public notice the algorithm
they can game the system so that's the
problem but if the judge is the only one
who knows that's compatible with our
normal justice system you know judges
and the legal system and your lawyer can
know things that the public doesn't know
that's we're used to that so that would
probably solve the public's trust issue
and it's something I think you could do
relatively quickly you know if you
decided tomorrow to form algorithm Court
it'd probably take you six months to
figure out how to do it right and get
somebody in place and guess somebody
who's at least starting to look at the
algorithms and that would give you you
know a good year before the election but
if you don't do that here's the problem
even if I don't I don't know how likely
this is but even if all the social media
companies said look we're not going to
put our finger on the scale hey
everybody you know don't do anything
that would change this election we we
don't want to take that risk too someday
somebody's gonna know we did it that'll
be terrible for us that's bad for the
country don't do it even then people are
gonna think they did it and that is
terrible for the credibility of the
system part of what makes America work
not part of the biggest thing that makes
America work is credibility because we
don't trust other humans and we don't
trust companies and we don't trust any
politician necessarily but we trust that
we live in a system that catches most of
the bad behavior not all of it but we do
a pretty good job of reining in the bad
behavior and if you have a system where
the voters can't tell if their vote made
a difference or if they were influenced
you know by social media that's no
longer a stable system and I think we're
at the the beginning of the point where
the public will say it doesn't even
matter if I vote because it's not up to
me it's up to five people who determine
the algorithms so I think it's some kind
of a special judge special court would
be the the quickest way to get somebody
who we we have a little credibility in
in place to at least get some visibility
on this stuff I think that would be
important all right thank you thank you
I'm optimistic that something could
happen there by the way all right let's
talk to you mark
mark you there you have a question for
me mark
Vermont I see them requiring any working
person to get a w-2 or 1099
miscellaneous is there a contractor or
something
yet when government gives out money they
don't give people a 1099 s gov and my
view is that you know I have to file a
1099 miscellaneous on somebody if I give
them $600 a year you know people are
getting six hundred dollars a month and
so if people saw and were reported with
their 1099 - gov they would be able to
determine what the median income is from
the government which is something that's
invisible right now because every every
county every city every state every
federal government program gives money
to people and doesn't report it and as
soon as that medium-level was reported
if we had that as a as a basic tax
deduction for every person of every age
because they're giving it to families -
right then we every time government
decided to give more money away they
would raise the amount of money in the
pie that they could no longer tax but be
like self-regulating hmm okay that's too
complicated for me but looking at the
comments it looks like people are loving
this idea so I'm gonna say that's a
sounds like a good idea to people but
there's a little more complicated that I
want to talk about today but thank you
actually have a example of shadow being
I explained it in a book which you
cannot search for on Hamazon by the
title but it is still there let's say
Robin you might object whoa what what's
the title of the book we Republicans
okay all right thanks for that you're
not a real senator are you know that I
ran against I again I ran against that
John Cornyn is a riding candidate but
you know he had ten million dollars to
fight me off and all I did was buy a new
hat Spurs all right all right thank you
mark all right I think that's enough for
now
I'm going to sign off now and you are
going to have a terrific day
and I'll talk to you tomorrow