bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum 32
32 32 32 that's not even the trick it
gets better but first but first I think
we need to start the day out right not
randomly started out right it goes like
this you know what to do I think you do
get ready all you need is a cup or a mug
or a glass of snifter stein challenge
tanker thermos flask canteen Grail
goblet vessel of any kind fill it with
your favorite liquid I like coffee and
join me now for the unparalleled
pleasure the dopamine the end of the day
the simultaneous set go hmm that's
magical too so I told you I was gonna
teach you a magic trick but I'm gonna
teach you two magic tricks this first
one is really good for the holidays
let's say you've got some young people
in your family or just some people who
are not that smart and you want to amaze
them with your magic skills I'm going to
teach you the easiest magic trick and
the world you start with a napkin and
you crunch it up and this and you put it
in your hand and by the way this trick
works it works best with children and
adults who are not that bright
it goes like this you go to the person
just as I'm going to you imagine that
that you are looking through the screen
just as you are now and you see me say
I'm going to make this disappear watch
it's in my hand and then I'm just gonna
shake it I'm gonna shake it until it's
gone but don't don't leave side of my
hand okay shake it's called how magic
all right if you couldn't tell how I did
that I feel sorry for you well for these
three people who didn't know how I did
that let me tell you you take your
napkin you fold it up you put it in your
hand and you move your hand faster than
people can can pay attention and then
when you're at the top just have the end
of their line of sight you just throw it
over their head so all I did was throw
it over the over the head of the person
watching and saying look now if you do
it with something that's heavier than a
napkin somebody's gonna hear a hit the
ground behind you in those cases you
need a partner have a Confederate who
just catches the object so you could do
it with something you having like a
battery you're a coin but you just have
somebody standing behind the subject who
just catches that when you toss it over
their head but that's not the trick I
was gonna show you no it's not this is
the trick I'm going to show you there
are four cards here alright
this part is no trick there really just
four cards and they're really real cards
and you see that I've got them organized
with we've got the black kings on one
side and then on the other side you've
got the Red Queen's and watch this I'm
gonna put the I'm going to put the Kings
in on the inside where you can see the
Queen
are on the outside see if you can see
that the Queen's on the outside the
Kings are on the inside now watch this
the Kings are on the inside black Kings
put them together and then I'm just
gonna blow on and now the Red Queen's
are in the middle and the Kings are on
the back how'd that happen let's see it
again let's do it in Reverse
Queens are in the middle all right
putting the Queen's right together
Queen Queen right together now I'm gonna
blow on them now the Kings are in the
middle Wow Wow well there are two tricks
to this trick there's a little bit of
sleight of hand which is really easy and
then there's a cognitive trick which is
the reason I'm showing it to you the
cognitive trick is that i lured you into
thinking that these are black kings and
i lured you into thinking that these are
red queens but they're actually more
than that
there's a Queen of Hearts and then
there's a queen of diamonds if I had
called our attention to the suit instead
of the color you might have known how
the trick was done now that's your first
hint all right that I misdirected you by
calling them kings and queens and saying
that they're the the black Kings and the
red Queens and that misdirected you from
thinking about which suit now watch it
again but this time pay attention to
which suit is where okay so you've got
these guys here and then you've got the
Queen's yeah so you see you've got a
diamond Queen on this hand all right
just just pay attention to that so the
diamond Queen is in this hand right
there
now it's the heart so they did more than
switch sides they switched they switched
from hearts to die beside me from
Diamond starts here's how the trick is
done okay
these really are just North for normal
cards all I'm doing is I'm putting them
together except when I blow on them I'm
actually doing a sleight of hand in
which I'm trading which hand is holding
which cards so right now this hand is
holding this card this to this hand is
holding these two and I just switch so
now I make my this hand over here
holding the cards that are on this side
and when I take them apart I do it
quickly but I'm doing this get it watch
me do it in slow motion black Kings
around the middle and now the Red
Queen's are in the middle all right so
that's your trick gone gone all right I
wanted to show you that because it was a
good little introduced introduction to
how your brain can be so easily fooled
I studied magic when I was a kid before
I studied hypnosis you would be amazed
how closely those two skills fit
together because indeed indeed indeed
damn it my pages are all messed up here
indeed indeed a hypnotist is a little
bit of a magician and the magician is a
little bit of a hypnotist there are
actually overlapping skills you wouldn't
know that until you studied both of them
alright so I'm gonna give you some
examples of bad thinking on the Internet
there's so many of them today these are
really good so you all know Preet
Bharara
he's a big anti-trump ER lawyer one of
the lawyers that trump fired when he
took office
so preach is not a big big fan of the
president and he tweets us he says have
reporters ask congressional Republicans
this simple question do you sincerely
believe Donald Trump cares about
corruption generally seriously can you
give an example not named Biden just one
so here's
pritu as a lawyer so he's a high-end
lawyer so he's trained in persuasion but
also trained in the law which one is
this is this persuasion or is this like
a good legal point well it's not a good
legal point but it is good persuasion so
if you if you didn't recognize the trick
you would think this was a good point
Preet I'm not gonna read his mind
but let's just say he's a trained
persuader he has a point of view that's
you know not ambiguous at all and it's
fair to assume there's somebody with
that level of trading doing something
this irrational he knew what he was
doing meaning that it works as a
persuasion point but it doesn't pass the
logic test here's why he's basically
saying why is it that Donald Trump only
cares about this one bit of corruption
that just coincidentally helps him get
reelected re-elected is that a good
point no no it's not because first of
all it doesn't matter it's completely
irrelevant if somebody does the right
thing
it is not a good argument that they
didn't do the right thing and the other
cases that's not an argument you can
only judge the other thing you're
talking about you can't say well why did
he do different things
in the past I mean there might be an
interesting question but it would have
no legal validity and I supposed to be
some exceptions but in this case it
really doesn't matter if he was doing
the right thing in this case it does not
matter if you think he did the wrong
thing in the other cases you can't get
blamed for doing the right thing because
somebody thinks you did the wrong thing
in an entirely different context
somewhere else in a different time in
place that doesn't make sense
but it does raise the question it goes
to the question of whether Trump was
doing it for personal reasons or was he
doing it for the country in other words
we voters had an interest I certainly
did I wanted to know if there was
anything I needed to know about Biden
who might be my next president I wanted
to know is there any Biden stuff we need
to know over in Ukraine now if the
answer was no there's not really which
is actually the answer I would expect I
would expect yeah hunter is a little
Shady
but there's no reason to think his
father was directly involved in any of
that so I was expecting let's look into
it there's not much there great now we
can have a fair election without that
hey Horace so here's the thing does it
pass the sniff test the Trump is only
cared about corruption in this one case
so pre puts out the Assumption
uncritically that Trump is only caring
about corruption in this one case can
you think of any other example yes
how about Trump talking nonstop about
the Clinton Foundation about Trump
talking nonstop about how the Democrats
screwed Bernie in the election how about
Trump talking nonstop about Hillary's
server
how about Trump talking nonstop about
Russia collusion and the FBI being
corrupt
about Trump sending you no bar to
investigate all of this how did the the
how did everything from the FISA warrant
to the dossier get connected does Trump
talk about much else besides corruption
and and when Trump was it was reported
that he was talking about Ukraine when
he was not talking about Biden in
general but he was talking about Ukraine
did he not say that Ukraine is like
massively corrupt independent of the
connected the separate question of Biden
doing anything bad which I'm not aware
of any evidence that he asked Joe Biden
madness
and then here's the other the other
thing it's a part of this is a failure
of imagination problem it's one of the
things I talk about in my amazing book
loser think in which all of these dumb
ways of thinking are catalogue with
suggestions for improvement and pretty
much everybody who read the book called
this out accurately in other words
simply reading the book makes you look
at this tweet differently than you might
have before before anybody that you
might have said hey that's a good point
why is this the only time he's
interested in corruption well it's not
he talks about it all the time usually
he talks about it in the ways that are
also good for him
but our system is designed that our
leaders can do that our leaders can
pursue their job wallet is
simultaneously good for their reelection
it's actually designed for them to do
that if they didn't do that that would
be a bigger problem imagine electing
people who that who then never tried to
get reelected oh that wouldn't be a good
situation because they wouldn't be doing
what the people wanted the reason you
the way you get reelected this by doing
what the public wants so of course we
want them pursuing their personal
political self-interest as long as his
public as long as we can see it and
Trump apparently wanted a public
statement about this investigations in
Ukraine he wanted it public transparent
I really don't have too many complaints
about anything that's transparent
because if we're watching we can say was
it good for the country too and if it is
that's fine doesn't matter if it's good
for Trump if it's good for the country
that's how the system is designed
here's another loser think so Joe Biden
tweets it's clear that Donald Trump has
abused the power of the presidency
full-stop have I taught you that when
people and their statement with full
stop it's because they don't have
reasons if you had a reason would you
provide it have you ever seen anybody
who had a really good reason who would
leave it out of their argument if you
live to be a million you'll never see
somebody who has a good reason leave it
out of their argument that's what a
debate is if you're trying to persuade
somebody it's very useful to actually
give a reason you know doesn't even have
to be a rational one but give a reason
when you punctuate your statements as if
it's just obvious full stop Trump has
abused the power of the presidency full
stop or period or end of story they're
all the same thing there's this huge
glowing tell that you actually don't
have reasons if you had reasons you had
mentioned them you'd mention them all
right there is a really really
interesting video that I tweeted you can
see it on my Twitter feed and just this
morning so it's one of those it's one of
the ones stored at the top and I don't
know who it was but you can see it in
the
to eat was doing mitt like persons on
the street interviews with Trump Trump
protesters so as a little group who had
signs they were protesting Trump and the
interviewer asked them basically what is
it specifically what's the main thing
that bothers you about Trump can you
give me an example of your one greatest
complaint about Trump and here's the fun
part
they couldn't she actually by her
questions she revealed that there were a
bunch of people who decided to spend
their day making signs and protesting to
Trump but when she asked him what's your
best reason for why he needs to go none
of them could come up with anything at
all and what I uncovered is that they
had been susceptible to the laundry list
persuasion now the laundry list is when
you don't have any one good reason if
you had one good reason you just stick
with you one good reason because that's
all you need you know the other ones
might exist but you don't need them you
got that one good reason in Peacham I
got this one good reason I don't need
Ted look I got this one good one let's
let's go with the strongest one and then
we're done but if you don't have one
good reason you tried the laundry list
instead well there was a time you said
this the time you thought that the time
you wanted to do this but we stopped him
there was the time he didn't do this the
time II almost in that but then you look
at each individual one in the laundry
list and they just sort of dissolve the
they you know individually they just
don't have any power at all you're like
that's sort of a nothing and people
imagine that all of that nothing adds up
to something and then you put the
microphone in their face and say alright
why are you here what's your one good
reason and they go
best reason wow so many of them so many
reasons well there's a character and
stuff and corruption I think what would
be a good example of the corruption well
all the reasons so many I can't even
where do I begin
Bob well what would you say is the worst
reason I'm busy over here hold inside
dude don't break me into this now I'm
exaggerating what was on that video that
was my shift version of it but it wasn't
too far off you have to you have to see
a bunch of people who have spent their
day protesting and can't explain why
it's totally eye-opening and by the way
it is also my complete experience in
life if I go to the biggest anti-trump
er I've done it I don't know how many
times I've done this now but I've done
it so many times and just say what's the
one biggest problem they have a tough
time they want to go to the laundry list
right away alright there's an analyst on
who writes a lot for CNN's website
Stefon Collinson and I recommend his
writing to all of you not for a good
reason I always look for him because he
writes the funniest anti-trump stuff on
a fairly regular basis he's one of the
most frequent contributors and it's
funny because it's so it's so ridiculous
well I actually read it as comedy I'm
not joking about that when I read his
stuff I'd do it with an eye toward
having a good laugh and he never
disappoints let me give you an example
so I missed much of the testimony of
Fiona Hill yesterday I saw a little
clips but I didn't feel like I had the
the full sense of it and so I said to
myself well I've better catch up this
morning before I go on periscope so I
know what happened so I go to the
analysis by Stefan I hope it's Stephan
Stephan
Stephane Collinson I see it had and the
headline says this Fiona Hill nails the
Democrats case and I thought whoa she
nailed the Democrats case it's funny I I
didn't see that on Fox News but there
must be some good reasons here so I'll
I'll dig into the good reasons
so here's more of what Stefan Collinson
said Fiona Hill the last witness in two
weeks of televised impeachment hearings
made the case against her old boss
President Trump
better than Democrats ever have and I
thought whoa there's some good stuff
coming in this article because the
Democrats have made a lot of accusations
but apparently this Fiona Hill has
wrapped him all up in a tight little
package and really made them persuasive
I can't wait to see how she did that
so I read on the former national
security council official meeting Fiona
Hill Thursday distilled the fog of shady
dealings and competition between Trump
appointees and career bureaucrats with a
crystal clear condemnation of his rogue
foreign policy operation in Ukraine what
she distilled the fog of shady dealings
okay but what what specifically well
what what exactly did she add to this
was it distilling the fog was that her
addition to the process was it talking
about her crystal clear condemnation
I kind of need a little detail on the
crystal clear condemnation but obviously
those will be R that's just setting us
up for the the real evidence that's to
come so I shouldn't be too judgmental
he's just framing it that she's gonna
distill the fog of shady dealings and
crystal clear condemnation about his
rogue foreign policy okay
waiting for the facts
then further damage says Hill said she
only really began to understand the
scandal herself while watching testimony
from Trump's ad hoc a messenger to the
new government in Keith Gordon Sunland
wait what Fiona Hill only understood her
own testimony by watching television and
watching somebody else's testimony what
what he's actually writing that she
didn't understand what happened until
she watched television
they watched somebody else talking about
it that's her damning case against the
president as she watched television with
the rest of us I watched television - I
didn't see it did you I watched
thoughtless testimony I didn't see it
but she watched television at the same
time you and I did it go she thought it
all came together at that point and then
the article goes on it says Hill's
comment summed up evidence that build a
strong case or here it comes all right I
I was spoke too soon because the strong
evidence is obviously yet to come and
the article so we'll get to the strong
evidence so Bill's a strong case that
Trump as sunland put it when Hill was
watching television
she watched Sunland put it in an
overheard telephone call so it's based
on somebody overhearing a telephone call
well we'll talk about that in July the
quote talking about Trump that he quote
didn't give a about Ukraine but
wanted the vulnerable xov estate to
cough up political favors Koff up
that's not a biased framing COFF up some
political favors now what is a favor if
not something that doesn't have a quid
pro quo so every time I see the critics
use the word favor which is what the
president used I think is that this a
self refuting statement if somebody asks
for a political favor it's a favor so
sort of different than a quid pro quo
anyway I think it was Matt Lewis who
pointed out that the president's
statement where he directly said to
sunland I don't want two quid pro quo
and this is an important fact it doesn't
change anything but it's important to
know it accurately
apparently Trump said no quid pro quo I
just what you create to do the right
thing after after the news had come out
that there was some quid pro quo
questions so when he used the phrase no
quid pro quo it's because he had already
been blamed of a quid pro quo so that so
Trump's a clear statement that he didn't
want a quid pro quo quo unfortunately
comes after he was already being
challenged which means that it doesn't
doesn't have the same credibility as if
it had been said before if he had said
it before anybody to even question it
you'd say oh that's as clear as can be
no quid pro quo but he said that after
he'd been accused which puts it in a
different light all right so I'm being
fair puts it in a different light but it
is also the only thing reported by
anybody the key man of Trump's mouth or
directly from trub they said anything
about his state of mind so it's not as
credible as it could be but sealed it's
the only thing that is directly from
Trump and that is counterfactual to the
charge that's not the strongest
counterfactual I thought it was stronger
what I thought it came earlier but that
Lewis correctly
upgraded that timeline it doesn't change
the you know the bottom line as anything
but it's good to know because I was
definitely fake news in the sense of the
way I understood it so I think I faked
news to myself without knowing that the
dates and stuff did you all see Chris
Cuomo's demonstration of a cell phone
where he called his mother and then he
he wanted to see if Dana Bash could
overhear it without holding the phone up
to her ear so he calls his mom on air
live TV to show that you could easily
hear a cell phone conversation without
without it being on speakerphone and so
he holds it up and Dana Bash is like you
could tell she can't hear it and then
cuomo tries to save it goes oh she
probably can't hear me meaning he's
saying that his mother doesn't know that
he's just asked her to say something
so he's like her better mom say
something and then apparently she was
talking you know at least it's implied
that she was talking and you couldn't
hear her so Dave and Dana Bash couldn't
hear her so that was sort of the if the
glove doesn't fit you must have quit
situation going on there but what if she
had heard what what if you could hear it
what would it mean well nothing in my
experience every phone call is a little
bit different
there are definitely phone calls that
are louder than other phone calls so
whether she'd heard it or not it
wouldn't tell you whether Trump's
particular phone call was a loud one I
don't know so that was just funny didn't
prove anything and wouldn't have proved
anything if it worked
so it was a interesting television but
wouldn't have proved anything all right
it turns out that a so let's uh wait
what what's going on here oh I was just
going to change topics well let me wrap
up the impeachment
I would say if we've if we've heard
everything we're gonna hear that's sort
of the end of the story there's just not
enough there so we're we're kind of I I
don't think there's any chance of
impeachment I think you could just take
that off your assumptions now let's talk
about the apparently we're learning now
that a former FBI lawyer is under a
criminal investigation after allegedly
altering a document probably a FISA
document related to 2016 surveillance of
the Trump campaign so do you think Trump
will talk about that corruption that we
don't know what it means yet we don't
know if it's really the FISA document we
don't know how we don't know how
relevant this is to the Russia or the
Russia occlusion hoax but we're going to
find out it's so it's certainly
tantalizing it's tantalizing but here's
the funny part is likely to oh so see
you then says that this new news is
quote likely to fuel accusations from
President Trump and his allies that the
FBI committed wrongdoing in its
investigation yes if this is true it is
quote likely to fuel accusations do you
know what else is likely to fuel
accusations murder murder if you murder
somebody well you know if you murder
somebody there's a very good chance
somebody's gonna make it it's gonna fuel
an accusation that you're a birder
that's how it works if you do bad things
that fuels accusations that you did bad
things but I'm putting this in my list
with the Republicans are going to pounce
on this they're gonna seize it they're
gonna seize it for their point and
they're gonna make political a that's
the other one I heard they're gonna make
political hay out of this
like it's a bad thing the facts of the
facts if it's true that this happened
and it's relevant to the whole story I
don't know if it's relevant yet but if
it's true I think Republicans are gonna
pounce it and seize it make political
hay and they might even it might even
fuel their accusations but that doesn't
make a broad did you all see the video
of Elon Musk introducing the Tesla's
hyper trunk so it's a it's more evidence
II shouldn't test things for the first
time in public so one of the claims of
the cyber truck is that you can't dent
it and apparently somebody came up with
a sledgehammer to test it and it did
debt which is pretty impressive
there was also a claim that the the
glass of the windows was break proof so
they brought a guy up with a brick or a
rock or something and had him tried to
break the window so he throws his heavy
object at the window and it breaks it on
the first try so poor he lock busk I'm a
huge fan of Elon Musk
so I I just feel bad about it but it's
news it has to be said so I've never
seen an example of a technology a
technology what do you call it
demonstration there went that wrong
that's the most wrong that's the most
wrong I've ever I've never seen a
technology demonstration go now is it
important no because I don't think too
many people were gonna buy that truck
because the windows were shattered proof
maybe that would be cool and maybe
that's more shatterproof than other
windows and that'd be great
so I don't think it makes any difference
to the sale of the product but man oh
glad it wasn't him
[Music]
I there was a hilarious interview with
sois well also by Chris Cuomo I seen it
and it's what Cuomo asked him about
going on Fox News and this was Wally
Wells response about going on Fox News
and I have to say this is one of the
best responses from a politician I've
ever seen
Eric's wawel says they he has to go on
Fox News because it's the only way his
parents can see about TV now I'm not
mocking Eric's well well that's a really
good answer that's a totally good answer
because the first thing it does is it
it's like self-deprecating in a way
that's the only way his parents can see
about TV like like that's important so
it's very humid so I like that but it
also suggests that he's very familiar
with conservative ways of thinking
because his parents apparently are Fox
News viewers so it was actually you know
we've all had fun making fun of swallow
when he was running and making fun of
his alleged passing of gas on TV which
didn't really happen but it looked like
you did but you got to give him credit
this was actually a really clever answer
I liked it and then he went on to blame
President Trump for not getting any work
done because he's always focusing on
impeachment
I don't think swoll can have a
completely good day is this it seems to
be odd them at this point so if you're
if your party is working on ischium
impeachment and then your worst
complaint about the president is he
spending too much time defending himself
against the shipment Pietschmann you
don't have a strong case that's almost
as bad as saying your window is
break-proof or that you could hear the
cell phone conversation when it's not up
to you here these are just delightful
public examples all right
I read a partisans opinion I think this
wasn't CNN - that the House Democrats
strategy was quote nothing short of
genius and what he says that the House
Democrats strategy is nothing short of
genius then he went out to detail the
the order of things and the set of rules
that they used which were good for their
side and I think that was true that the
the way chef's ended up was quite clever
so I think that would be a fair
statement you know saying nothing short
of genius is hyperbole but it was very
clever but here's the thing it didn't
work it didn't work how can it be just
short of genius if it didn't work maybe
he's not gonna get a beached I mean he's
not gonna be removed from office anyway
and it's definitely not going to help
him in the election it's gonna hurt him
I think that's really easy to predict so
that's a pretty low bar for genius is if
everything everything who fails well
that's nothing short of genius I guess
you'd have to be full genius before
before something actually works
dobar said something interesting about
epstein-barr told The Associated Press
and I'd never heard this before and I
also don't believe it's true all right
so this next thing I'm going to say I
think you need to apply a whole bunch of
skepticism to it because there's an
opposite of what we've heard might be
true I'm not saying bill Barr is wrong I
don't know I'm just saying that other
evidence seems to suggest that what I'm
about to say he said isn't true so we
have to figure out whose version is true
bill bars or what has been reported
outside of him and he said that that
Epstein's death was suicide and part of
the reason he said is because he
personally reviewed security footage in
the jail that confirmed that no one
entered the area where Epstein was
housed the night he died what
didn't we learn from all the reporting
that the cameras were working now is it
could it be that there are multiple
cameras and just some of them didn't
work is that is that possible
but there was some other camera that by
itself was sufficient to know that there
were no other ways for anybody to get in
aren't you skeptical of that show us the
video or just show us a still show us
one still picture from the video that
bars bar saw that we could look at and
say oh yeah anybody who's familiar with
the jail would have to do this so
unfortunately there are plenty of people
familiar with that jail guards and
inmates and just have somebody who's
been there say oh yeah this Canberra
view is all you need because there's no
other way to get there or maybe it's two
camera views whatever it is but would
one camera view convince you that nobody
got in unless that camera was right on
his cell I don't know that that would
quite be all the evidence you need now
keep in mind that I'm firmly on the side
then it was suicide I might be the only
person in the world besides the coroner
who did the case who believes in suicide
but I'm sticking with it if the the
rules that I'm using to stick with it
are that the normal explanation is
always preferred over the extraordinary
one now you have two extraordinary
situations one is that he could kill
himself with all these coincidences
happening in all of just coincidence and
then he could break that bone in his
neck which you would expect only from
murder so it would be an extraordinary
if he pulled off such a successful
suicide when everybody thought it was
going to happen but it would be a little
more extraordinary for this big plan of
a murder and nobody saw coming and I
also wonder could nobody here
what was happening in Epstein's cell
like it wasn't you wasn't yelling like
crazy when somebody tried to murder him
so I'm still the side of the the least
spectacular explanation is that he's
really really good at killing himself
which isn't too surprising because he
was really really good at doing a whole
bunch of things that you and I could
never do I could never make money the
way he made it I could never blackmail
people the way he blackmailed them I
could never do the crimes that he got
away with for so long and get away with
it he was a super capable guy just very
evil so when a super capable guy kills
himself more effectively maybe he just
figured out the best way to do it that's
not surprising because he's a super
capable guy who keeps doing things that
other people wouldn't think would be
possible versus a clever murder scheme
that many people are involved in
Beauvoir possible can't rule it out so
I'm only dealing in statistical
likelihoods here and yes I know every
single person here disagrees with me
that's why it's fun remember you all
disagreed with me or mostly you did when
I said that the cubed sonic weapon would
never be discovered because it wasn't
one remember how most of you thought now
they're all reporting it's a sonic
weapon I'll bet it's a sonic weapon well
now so much do you remember what I said
that the Vegas shooter was not Isis even
after Isis claimed credit for it and I
still said it's not Isis do you remember
that there were many of you who thought
I was right but it was so we'll see I
don't mind being the minority on that
here are my three favorite kinds of
idiots on Twitter I can't tell you how
many times I've seen this some form of
this you think you're a genius but
you're really just stupid and then they
misspelled the word genius or when
people call themselves a genius
and they misspelled the word genius how
many times have you seen that I've seen
that a lot of times that exact thing
it's one of my favorites the other one
is what I got today I get this almost
every day somebody tweets at me and just
to tell me that I'm you're relevant
why are you tweeting at me if I'm
irrelevant that's the opposite of
irrelevant irrelevant is the person you
don't we dint alright because I talked
about the other one they wouldn t say
full stop at the end of a sentence
that's my other favorite here's here's a
little Oh some people asking me why yang
is not getting attention and Weis being
sort of blocked from better media and I
said he's boring the problem with with
the egg is that he says more sensible
things which is intellectually
interesting and you can see why a lot of
people would be interested but he's
still boring his pin that he wears says
math as others have pointed out adjacent
if you're watching you pointed it down
math is not sexy most people don't like
math if you have to say make a list of
things that people don't like math would
be pretty near on the top it wouldn't be
double love but it'd be near at the top
so I suggested that yeah he has to do
something more provocative yeah I'll
just give you a suggestion he could say
I have the solution to climate change
its nuclear power plus these carbon
scrubbing machines plus other green
energy that would get up attention now
it's also true that it is the solution
to climate change he could just say I
have the solution to climate change he's
already proud nuclear be a little more
interesting be more provocative
all right the best brain washing trick
that I've seen in a long time is the
framing that people are using before
this Ukrainians situation I'll read your
tweet that somebody tweeted at me to
give you an example of it so this was
tweeted at me today as you know every
person that involved in this meeting the
crane thing including both a nice land
Volker of an MIT dr. hill Trump
appointees at all all agree Trump abused
his power by using publicly funded
military aid for a personal political
favor now is that true did they all
agree that that's what was happening
well here's what's left out and this is
why it's such a clever brainwashing
technique here is my response
I said you fell for the faulty framing
and by the way you should use this
technique the first thing you should say
when somebody frame something in that
that way that they're trying to trap you
to join their frame is you always always
say the frame is ridiculous so I said
you fell for a faulty framing I like to
say that they fell for it
or that they're gullible or that they
got brainwashed because that that really
sets the tone and then I said it is the
president's job to look into exactly the
sort of thing meaning for it
interference if it isn't getting done at
the staff level and it wasn't do you
think the president would have
personally asked szalinski to look into
this if he thought it could happen at
the staff level without his involvement
of course that the fact that it is also
good for him politically meeting Trump
is how the system is supposed to work
he's supposed to do things that are
public this was pretty public good for
the country I thought it was good for
the country and also good for his
reelection that's the system working the
way it's supposed to all right I think I
had nothing else to say
so I'm gonna stop it there yeah going to
do some other stuff you have a good
weekend I'll talk to you later
oh I'm going to be on the Tucker Carlson
Monday so look for me Monday uh Tucker
Carlson bye for now