but I'm pumpin Bunton pum pum pum pum
pum yes I'm wearing an adult shirt you
will see this often coming to you a
little bit early today I've got some
stuff to do pretty soon so this will be
a short 15 minute periscope but if
you've got a beverage I will join you
for some water for the simultaneous sip
I've already had my coffee few people
sleeping in you should wake up mmm
that's good so let's get to the news so
I tweeted yesterday that the the
anti-trump media has spent a week
criticizing the president for hiring an
african-american woman and trusting her
too much now they use different words
for it they say wait is he good at
hiring people who receive bad at hiring
people what's up with that but it kinda
comes down to he hired an
african-american woman and he trusted
her more than he should have that's
really the story
now you could be put you could put
different words on it but I don't know
that the public is reading this as the
worst thing that this president ever did
in other news I try to talk about the
news and then sometimes I become the
news so I tweeted an article on in Fox
News online that's about me and it's
about me talking about Brennan and about
to President Trump saying that hey
Russia if you have those missing email
Hillary's email let us have them now I
said Brennan doesn't recognize a joke
when he sees it you know what did people
come in and criticize me for they
criticized me for not being an expert on
the topic
now I've written approximately between
10 and 11 that was in jokes over the
last three decades if you know somebody
who's better at recognizing a joke and
they're not actually in the business as
I am I'm open to a second opinion but if
there's one thing I'm actually good at
its recognizing the joke so that part
was funny I also see that President
Trump has canceled the expensive
military parade what did I say was a bad
idea when I first heard this idea I said
to myself an expensive military parade
is probably a bad idea now they're
calling it postponed because the price
was too high and if they can get the
price to hell and that'd be great but I
don't know how much you can get the
price down because the fix is in and all
this stuff too many fingers in the pies
I don't think we're going to see the
military parade and I would be happy
about that because it does seem like it
would be just a critics paradise if you
spent $100 on it you know if the entire
parade cost $100 some critic would say
well there's $100 that could have gone
to the veteran medical care and you know
what that critic would be right because
the parade probably wouldn't help as
much as giving a veteran $100 what else
we got going on I've noticed that the
quality of the criticism on CNN against
this president went way down today you
know I always talked about the top left
of CNN's website that's where the
important news is today there are no
Trump stories in the top left of seeing
them that's cool
we'll see what how long it takes us to
find a Trump story well we've got the
retired Admiral who was saying take away
my security clearance next he's he I
guess he was the Admiral in charge of
the bin Laden project there to get him
and to which I say I know that guy's
just another partisan right he's just
one more partisan do we care I assume
that everybody in the military has an
opinion about this president something
like him some don't so here's what it
doesn't like him I'm not sure that
that's news I mean because it was said
by something important so it becomes
news but it really is just another
person's opinion this this one doesn't
add anything to the conversation cool it
says there's a headline that says
Colbert is taking a shot a Omarosa
stapes and I'm thinking that he may not
be being kind to Omarosa a Burroughs is
in a tough spot
she's managed to make a hundred percent
of the world disliked her but I think
she can monetize that so it's not all
bad
the Vatican has broken its quote silence
on the abuse report you might be happy
to hear this but the the Pope has come
down solidly on the side of the victims
I think some people suspected that's
Pope might side with the abusers was
there really any question what the
Pope's opinion on this was going to be
I'm pretty sure he's against child abuse
so let's ask the Pope if he's in favor
of or against war I think I already know
I already know his answer and if he
takes a day to get back to me I'm not
going to call that the Pope's curious
silence about war because I kind of
already know where he is on this all
right
Trump ass regulators to consider getting
rid of quarterly reports I don't know
about that one who knows if that's good
or bad then there's a Trump says he
cancelled the military parade over
ridiculously high costs they remember
this is CNN and the worst thing they
could come up with today is that the
president canceled the military parade
because it was too expensive which is
exactly what his critics would want him
to do so it's hard to criticize it he
asked the question he got a price he
canceled it that's business you
predicted a parade that would be funny
and there's some reporter who's
detailing the marital strife in the
Kellyanne Conway house here's my here's
my thoughts about detailing the
political strife in somebody's personal
life what are you freakin kidding me how
dare you put this up I don't want to be
one of those people but how dare you how
dare you but seems to me that that's
just craziness it's crazy that we should
that we should be listening to this and
caring about it now I also saw something
in the news that said that China is not
only sending some people over to talk
about trade but they have toned down
their rhetoric and instead of saying
that China 2025 will be the dominant
power in the world and will supplant the
United States apparently they have
decided nationally to project a little
more humility and that's smart
you know every time China does something
have you ever noticed this as long as
we've been talking about China there are
plenty of times that we say to ourselves
man China is doing something that we
don't like or
I wish China would do something
differently but does anybody ever say
China made a bad decision for China
China is really well managed I mean
given if you look at the size of their
you know they're challenged at that big
country and what they were trying to
take it from and to and how well they've
done so far China is really well wrong I
mean I don't know how you could come to
any other conclusion now that doesn't
mean they're doing stuff we like you
know there's you know the legal system
might be more brutal then we can handle
the slave labor and all that stuff so
you can't love everything they do but if
you're saying are they effectively
managing something that's really hard to
manage kind of our that doesn't mean we
should let them walk all over us but
they're taking a new smarter tact which
is they're probably still trying to
become the dominant power who wouldn't
why would they not try to do that it
would be silly for them not to try to be
more important in the world but now
they're talking differently and they're
getting a little more flexible and
there's word that there might be a lot
of internal dissent within China in the
leadership especially in the leadership
especially and they may be worried about
these tariffs so we might be working
towards something productive here
what's the persuasion filter on China
will they supplant the US
well there's there are too many
unpredictable elements of something like
that so if you say you know who's going
to win in the long run the u.s. or China
the things you don't see coming or let's
say the creation of the next Apple
computer or the next amazon.com or the
next Facebook those things are not
really predictable
you know we we could think that we're
gonna do more of that than they are so
there's there's good reason to believe
we'll stay ahead but they've got you
know they've got sighs so they've got
that going for them all right let me see
if there's anything else police used a
Taser on an 87 year old woman cutting
dandelions with a knife well that was
suboptimal nobody's on the other side of
that story and then there's a story
about Democrats or weighing house
leadership options talking about Nancy
Pelosi now if CNN one of its biggest
headlines and one of the ones as a
picture is about Nancy Pelosi
that's not exactly anti-trump is it it
feels like
CNN's coverage if I'm looking at it
today they may have taken China's
example and and brought some humility to
the situation did you see which Cuomo
was it what's the first name of Governor
Cuomo in New York I can't remember
Andrew Andrew Cuomo so he said in the
speech that America was never great and
it wouldn't be great until there was
more equality essentially and of course
everybody said what Wow how can you say
America is not great and I applied my
48-hour rule do you know the 48-hour
rule let me tell you I invented this I'm
hoping it catches on and the idea is
that if you say something provocative
that gets the critics chattering you've
got 48 48 hours to clarify and the rule
is that you take you accept the
clarification not the original statement
and now some people say but wait a
minute the clarification is just because
the critics pushed back he really meant
the other thing no mind-reading no
mind-reading
maybe somebody meant the other thing
maybe and their interior thoughts
they're thinking things you don't like
but you can't have a society that's
based on punishing other people for what
you think that's no way to organize a
society you can punish people for what
they do and what he did was he clarified
the clarification stands I give him a
full pass why because I want that full
pass for myself someday and I want it
for you someday we should try this see
how far it gets us and by the way
there's some persuasive power to putting
a label on something and giving it a
name so if I'd simply talked about this
concept and had not given it a name the
48-hour rule it wouldn't be nearly as
persuasive so if you talk about it if
you like it if you want to mention it to
someone else call it the 48-hour rule oh
let's talk about opioids so the
president has apparently asked jeff
sessions to consider suing the
pharmaceutical companies over opioid
abuse hello did you see that coming I
did not see that coming and I don't know
if they've got a case but holy hell have
you ever seen anything that was more on
the side of the people and against the
corporation's so who are the who are the
antifa
are the anti far the anti-fascists and
aren't the fascists the ones who always
side with the big corporations and is
the head of our government siding with
the corporations or asking the
government
to soothe their asses for addicting the
citizens well we don't know where this
is going yet but it looks like that's
about the least of fascist thing any
government ever did if you're looking to
sue companies for irresponsibly
addicting the masses I'm gonna say I'm
going to say that that's looking good
now that's just one of the things that
you could imagine is going to happen
between now and November you know people
have been asking me for a year what do
you think is going to happen in the
midterms and I always try to give the
same answer or at least this part of the
same answer which is between now and
November so much it's going to happen so
much this this suing the pharmaceutical
companies is a real in my mind this is a
real game changer now who knows how far
it gets but in terms of setting you know
the villain you know the way had and the
black hat the villain and the bad guy
this is a real clean contrast it puts
Trump right on the side of I will put
you in a business if you keep doing this
I will put you in a business and I don't
think he's I don't think he's bluffing
so that will be interesting so those
seem to be yeah looks like there was the
big stories all right why is it the
company's fault isn't it the prescribers
fault I'm no expert on this topic but I
believe the people who are the experts
can point to some specific rules and/or
things which the pharmaceutical
companies have done that make our
current situation far more likely yea
they push it to the doctors for the
doctors to push it there there's science
behind their own product
not be as good as we think so there
probably are a number of avenues for
going after the pharmaceutical companies
now the the most productive one I would
think is that modern science now agrees
I'm no expert but I think you can fact
check this I believe modern science is
now on the on the on the side of the
opioids might be good in certain
situations but for long-term pain
management they're actually worse but
I'm just reading your comments it is
Trump using that as a hammer to get
cooperation on health care I think
between now and November you might see
more coming from the administration on
health care or let me let me put it in
more stark terms if you don't see the
administration doing something
meaningful on health care between now
and the midterms well I would certainly
criticize that because there are things
they can do that don't require you know
wholesale changes that can at least nip
around you know the edges they could
focus on for example they might focus on
technologies I think this would be the
best play to focus on businesses and
technologies and different systems that
could get us to lower health care all
you have to do is focus on it you don't
have to raise our taxes you don't have
to ask us to do anything just put a put
a little focus on those startups on the
ones that are working and the ones have
something in the pipeline and say hey if
we did more of this we could really
lower our costs legalizing cannabis yeah
I think then I wouldn't be surprised if
he saw we'd get legalized before
November would you would you be
surprised if the administration got the
federal government out of the weed
business entirely before November
when we say this also as starkly as I
can if they don't that would feel stupid
I don't know if there's any argument on
the other side you it's one of those few
issues that the country is pretty much
solidly on one side now you could still
let the states do what they're gonna do
but the question of whether the federal
government should have an overlay of
laws in addition to what the states have
agreed to
that's very few people want that so to
sit on that one past the midterms would
just be terrible strategy so if we don't
see something coming out from the
administration before the midterms on
weed that would just be a serious missed
opportunity I hope we also see something
on prison reform I hope we see something
on urban renewal those would be very
impactful places to make a difference
between the now and midterm especially
so if you could handle opioids and weed
and prison reform do something about job
training that would be a heck of a
strong way to go into the midterms USA
must build the wall to keep the heroin
out I'm not on the side that says the
drug dealers will be much changed by
walls a little bit you know every little
bit helps so if you could take down you
know the drug flow by 10% or something
by building a wall that would certainly
be useful but you know the drug dealers
are a different economic model than the
immigrants the immigrants might be
stopped by a wall a drug dealer with
billions of dollars of backing is going
to tunnel under them all so you're not
really stopping drug dealers with the
wall
but you might slow them down a little
bit the ones who the ones who are lazy
why don't you like immigrants I love
immigrants
I'm Pro immigrants but like everything
I'm also Pro water but if I have too
much I came drowned is James Woods a
master persuader not in the classic
sense
he's persuasive in his own way
which immigrants I'm Pro immigrants and
that doesn't mean we don't want to stop
bad influences from coming into the
country but there is no situation where
you know our country can't really
survive without immigration I think our
are just regular reproductive levels
would go too low and the economy will be
growing too fast so some level of
immigration is absolutely essential
somebody said in my pro undocumented
immigrants I am Pro undocumented
immigrants meaning I'm Pro the people
I'm Pro people but should they have the
same rights as US citizens should they
stay or not
we still have to have laws so you could
be Pro undocumented immigrant and still
think that under some situations they
can't stay in the country right so you
could be pro law and you can be pro
people at the same time you just have to
find some balance where the empathy and
the law you know are at their maximum
point all right
nobody wants be illegal anything
nobody's in favor of illegal well I'm
not in favor of illegal immigration but
I like the people tend to be in favor of
the people
alright Manafort verdict this afternoon
I don't know it's pretty complicated
case so we'll see I talked about the
Manafort thing oh I gotta run I got
something going on and I'll talk to you
later