[Music]
[Music]
good morning everybody and welcome to
the highlight of human civilization it's
called coffee with Scott Adams and if
our technology works this will be the
finest time you've ever had in your
whole life and your tiny shiny human
brain can't even understand what's next
yeah it's called the simultaneous hip
and for that all you need is a cuper mug
or glass of tank or chel orstein a Canen
jug or flask a vessel of any kind to
fill it with your favorite liquid I like
coffee and join me now for the
unparallel pleasure of the dopamine end
of the day the thing that makes
everything better it's called the
simultaneous sip
go oh that's some good good stuff right
there yep those curig pods they work
every
time well there's a new uh invention
scitech DA's reporting that uh
researchers at the University of
Minnesota have some kind of technology
that could reduce the electricity you
need for AI by a factor of a
thousand now um I don't like to get all
technical but uh what they did was they
uh they figured out how to keep the data
in the memory yep a new model where the
data never leaves the memory so I guess
if you keep your data in your memory and
manipulate it there instead of sending
it somewhere else it saves a lot of
energy I don't really understand most of
that but if it's true and they seem to
have demonstrated it a thousand times a
factor of a thousand times better on
energy now this is one of the biggest
newses in the
world yeah think about it one of our
biggest problems is that we don't have
enough energy for AI and if you don't
have good AI I don't know China owns
everything eventually so this one one
kind of invention might change really
everything about the future if it's real
we'll see do you remember when Forbes
was a respectable
publication did you know that that's
changed right I think they changed hands
I think maybe Forbes sold it but now
it's just turned into some weird liberal
uh opinion
Rag and uh somebody named tiac Doshi
wrote an
article uh in which she was defending JD
Vance from accusations of climate
denialism
simply by publishing numbers
about what science got right and got
wrong and what is the state of climate
change and uh Not only was the article
removed uh but the writer was removed as
a contributor and it said that opinions
those there there was too much opinion
in
it about climate
change now do you think Forbes has
recently run any other articles about
climate change yeah of course they have
um do you think any of those articles
included some
opinion of course they did of course
they did but apparently if your opinion
is the other direction even if you back
it up with data and official sources you
will be kicked out because you've got
the wrong opinion and they don't want
that kind of opinion there and part of
it I think
demonstrates that on the left they
really can't tell the difference between
the facts and the opinions I'm noticing
that more and more I think it might have
something to do with the way their news
is presented is that the opinion people
and the news people are literally the
same people where if you're on the right
you understand that Brett Bear is
telling you
news and he had itty his
opinion and you know there some of the
shows on Fox News will mix the opinion
and the new and the news but it's very
transparent you know what's an opinion
and you know what the news is uh I
really think that on the left the
Democrats are having trouble telling
what the difference is between the news
and an opinion because it's presented as
all one thing to them it's very
different so I could see how they'd be
so
confused here's the funniest uh
suggestion I've seen recently so this is
from uh apparently in Australia there's
new law that says all of their public
companies have to include in their
annual reports some kind of uh climate
risk assessment so the idea is that you
would do your normal financial reporting
but in Australia you would have to say
and you know our risk from climate
change is this or
that and so I saw a uh there's an essay
by Eric
waral in uh the what's up with that
website and
uh apparently he he's got this idea that
every Australian company should say that
climate change will uh end their end
their
company so instead of just sort of
tiptoeing around it and saying well
here's all our financials but you know
you should also know got a little bit of
risk of climate
change but that's not really what the
science says
the science says we're all
doomed doesn't
it I think it does and since we have no
Solutions nobody has proposed any
workable solution that would affect
India and
China so the suggestion
is that every Australian company should
say that climate change will destroy
them
completely in
time now that's kind of brilliant
because it's what I call uh giving
people what they want you know there
there there's a way to satisfy the
bureaucracy by destroying it at the same
time if you maliciously comply with the
rules the way they're written you would
actually say uh in the long run our
company will uh burn up and everybody
will die from climate change and that
would be actually compatible with
science
now here's
why
uh hold
on there is somebody that sends me a
message during my show every day
and I'm going to send them a message and
say never send
me never
message this time of
day I am doing live
stream all right that should make a
difference solve that for the rest of
time anyway this is a brilliant idea
just everybody should say climate change
is going to kill them and it would make
all the reporting a lot
easier all right so I accidentally hit
on a great
reframe that was way better than I
thought
uh you know that for years I've been
taking the fake news from the left and
calling them hoaxes and I would say I'm
going to debunk your
hoax um so you know I'd be like
debunking and debunking and uh it really
wasn't making much of a
dent so instead I decided to uh call it
a brainwashing
test and so I posted this I said uh I'm
a hypnotist so I can test you for
brainwashing in case you wondered if
you're brainwashed did you fall for any
of these hoaxes now I know what you want
to do you want to increase the list of
my hoaxes don't do that that's that's a
mistake you're the three that can tell
you if you're brainwashed did you
believe the fine people hoax did you
believe the drinking injecting bleach
hoax and did you believe the January 6
was an Insurrection
oax and
and I've I've of course published those
as the test to find out if you're
brainwashed now it turns out of course
most of my audience said no I got all
those right I'm not brainwashed and they
are correct if you got all three of
those right you're definitely not
brainwashed by Democrat news but the
funny part is a number of people who
came into the comments saying well but
those are true saw it with my own eyes
heard it with my own ears
and I used to try to show them the
debunk it's like no here's what you
missed the news cut off the edit here
blah blah blah but now it seems much
more powerful to just say oh I'm sorry
that they did this to
you you need to treat the brainwashed
not like they have different opinions
because that's not what's going on you
need to treat them with some empathy and
say can you pass this simple test just
three questions
now resist resist resist the need to add
to that because as soon as you add
you're going to add one that people go
well you know maybe that one's true
don't add it's the the fewest there are
the better it is because those those are
the ones that are really the the 10
Poole primary hoaxes if you can debunk
those then all the rest seem more
obvious to people don't add to the list
that's very important are important to
the persuasion three is the maximum for
this but try it with your friends and
don't say oh let me explain why these
are hoaxes just tell them they failed
the brainwashing test that's it and let
them deal with that and never leave that
frame just say I'm I'm really sorry they
did that to you it's kind of messed up
so empathy is the right response not
argument argument just gets pushed back
empathy makes them think wait a minute
why are they treating me
like uh I'm some kind of patient because
you are you're a victim if you've been
brainwashed you are literally a victim
and that's the way to treat
them it's uh very persuasive as well
well have you noticed that every time
you see a little Trend that has
something to do with men and women and
dating and marriage it always seems to
be in the same direction
which is it's some little news item that
makes it less likely you're going to
have a
baby is it my imagination it all seems
to be moving in One Direction well
here's another one now you're going to
confuse this story with my
opinion all right so my opinion on this
is not
relevant and so I'll do it without my
opinion so the story is that apparently
there's some I don't know if this will
be a
big a big Trend or not but it's being
reported in the New York Post that the
high fashioned women are going toward a
natural look below the belt meaning a
non shaven look in their nether regions
uh going back to sort of a70s uh let's
call it the full bush look that's what
New York Post called it
now it doesn't matter what my opinion
about this is so let's divorce my
opinion and your opinion this doesn't
matter what your opinion is either I I
make the following
observation for a lot of men this is a
one-way
trip not for everybody but for a lot of
men so a lot of men are going to say um
I really kind of got used to that fully
shaved
thing you can't really go
back if you had like the full bush look
you probably could get used to the
shaved
look but once you get used to the shaved
look it's not going to be an easy trip
back so all I'm saying is that th this
would introduce a new percentage of the
population who are men who just say you
know what forget
it I don't know what percent maybe 1%
might be 10% could be 40% but people
have very strong opinions about this
topic very strong and I can tell you
that this change well I don't have an
opinion about it as a fashion and I
don't have an opinion about what women
should or should not do with their
bodies I'm I'm out of that conversation
I'm just making the simple observation
that it's mostly a one-way
trip
and everything seems to be just a little
bit extra had to make each other less
attractive to each other it it just
Everything feels like it's moving in
that direction in a thousand different
ways how about uh do you remember when
you were
younger and if you were considering who
to date it never occurred to you to look
into their politics do you remember
that I I remember when that wasn't a
question like of of course a Democrat
and a republican could get together of
course like who would even think they
couldn't and now that's
gone now we also have uh you know the
let's call it the fat acceptance
movement along with of course our our
diet is
poison and you can see the results when
you look at old pictures of America
versus new people are way
bigger and I don't think that's leading
toward knocking a lot of boots so in a
million little ways ways people are
finding way to be ways to be less
reproductively
available so there's that um you would
not be surprised to know that the
writers in DC the ones that were writing
when um Israel's prime minister
Netanyahu was speaking you may have uh
you may wonder huh uh given that the
January 6 people were treated so harshly
and put in jail a lot of these people
destroying property and doing these
things
uh probably in jail by now right no
you'd be wrong they've already been
released charges
dropped now are they exactly comparable
well it depends if you're brainwashed if
you're brainwashed you think January 6
was an
Insurrection if you're not brainwashed
you say one's a protest the other's a
protest property got destroyed property
got destroyed shouldn't they be roughly
the same
nope because one's a brainwashing event
and in order for the brainwashing to
work the brainwashers have to put those
people in jail otherwise their message
wouldn't make sense they can't say there
was an Insurrection what are you going
to do about it ah charges dropped so
they they sort of have to pretend the
charges are real and that it was an
Insurrection all right here's an update
on what we call the coup which is the
replacement of Biden by Harris see more
hirs investigative journalist kind of
guy he says he's got a scoop here that
Obama um actually threatened Biden with
the 25th Amendment and said that kle
Harris was on board with it now is that
really new
news it's new news in the sense that
somebody's saying some specifics about
who said what or did what but is there
any surprise there didn't you all know
that the top Democrats threatened Biden
and that of course the 25th amendment
was part of the threat of
course is anybody surprised by that now
I this one's a real hard one to evaluate
for me because on one hand I completely
understand the concept that there was
something like a coup at least a CP
within the Democrat Party not not within
the country itself but but given that it
is also literally true that Biden's
brain was not capable of finishing the
journey and given it's true the
Democrats can use whatever process they
want to decide who their candidate is
there's no law against it um I'm not so
sure it's a
coup it's it's definitely um reducing
something that uh Democrat voters
thought they wanted but now that they
have more information I'm sure they
didn't want it really so I think the
coup thing is maybe
overstated uh to me it looks like
Democrats doing what Democrats do which
is ignoring their own voters in favor of
making sure that the leaders in the
Democrat Party get the candidate they
want now if you're a Democrat and you
don't have a problem with that why
should I it's it's their process they
can make their process whatever they
want and if they don't like their
leaders gaming the system to get Bernie
Sanders out they don't like the system
game to get Kay
in not really our problem I would say
it's not a national problem it's just
the Democrats can choose any way they
want all right Trump gave a speech at
the Bitcoin
convention and I'm going to really annoy
you on this story and I apologize in
advance um here's my take
I think this was the best speech I've
ever seen Trump give now keep in mind it
was designed for a specific audience in
a specific time so you have to judge it
within its specific domain not not
compared to let's say his Trump is a
stump of speeches I thought he was more
relaxed more funny more connected with
the
crowd and somehow he did this spanning
Generations thing like I've never seen
in my life
so he managed to use enough you know
buzzword and show enough familiarity
with crypto that he felt younger than
his age but at the same time he was
making sure that you knew he was taking
advice from the the younger smarter you
know the VES Etc the people who you
trust do know this domain and so he was
very cleverly acting young and then
showing his work here here are the
people who are advising me look how
smart they are great and then he had
specific uh technical sounding
recommendations about things that I
can't judge so when I say that this was
in my opinion maybe the best Public
Presentation he's ever given and he's
already starting at best in the world so
I was blown away honestly just the
quality of his communication skills just
crazy stuff crazy but here are a few
things he said and again I'm not going
to evaluate these based on whether they
um whether they make sense because I'm
not a crypto expert so I don't know but
uh let me uh here's a few things he
said he said uh he wants to fire the uh
guess this is the head of the SEC Gary
gendler and he gets this huge Applause
and then because he's so good at what he
does Trump he pauses and goes wow I
wasn't expecting that he saysi just
going to say it
again so he says it gets a big Applause
he waits and goes I'm just gonna say it
again and he just says it again that
he's going to fire this guy in the first
day in office and the Crowd Goes Wild
and watching
Trump uh toy with the energy of the
crowd is a whole different level than
giving a good speech he he's actually
manipulating their energy directly if
you don't see that you're missing the
show he's an energy monster so as soon
as he felt that energy he was like whoa
okay let's do that again and then he
just does it again spontaneously because
he's just so good at this he just feels
the room he feels the energy and he
matches it now of course he was
pandering in the sense that he was there
to tell them what they wanted to hear so
they'd be on his side and F for him but
here are some of the things he said
besides firing that SEC commissioner who
some say is sort of a roadblock to some
of the Innovative things that the
Bitcoin World wants to do I don't know
the details of that but he wants to
Trump said he'd shut down something
called operation chokepoint
2.0 which I guess is limiting Bitcoin or
somehow and uh he'd create a Bitcoin and
crypto presidential Advisory Board and
in a 100 days he'd have you know better
crypto rules written I love that now
again it's sort of General but he's
telling you exactly what it would look
like I will not personally make the
decisions I will form a board of really
smart people in a 100 days those smart
people will tell us what to do with
crypto oh my god do I love hearing that
here's what I don't like Trump's going
to steal your democracy
because of his character he's going to
steal your democracy
no I'm not impressed with that here's
what I'm impressed with I'm going to
fire the SEC guy I'm going to get rid of
this operation choke point I'm going to
have an advisory Counsel on crypto in a
100 days we'll have new rules thank you
I I can evaluate that I can say that's
putting the right priority in the right
place Etc
I said there will never be a cbdc you
know a crypto from the government and
will defend the right to self- custody
freedom of transactions freedom of
Association freedom of speech and he'll
support us uh USD stable coins and
Global Savings in Bitcoins and the and
he says the government will never spend
its
Bitcoins and he'll maybe craze some kind
of a reserve and blah blah blah now are
those all good
ideas I don't
know I don't know are
they maybe I should look into it a
little bit I don't know um I did hear
some people saying oh we we hate I don't
know some idea or he didn't say enough
or said too much or something but
remember the Bitcoin Community is a
bunch of people who don't agree with
each other so he's not going to go to
the Bitcoin Community which is literally
just a bunch of people who disagree with
each other and get them all to agree so
that wasn't really something he could do
but here's what he could do he could say
you're a huge high priority he did he
could talk like he's got the right
people involved he did he could uh work
the crowd and the energy which he did
like I've never seen
before
and he can he can make sure that they
know that they're important and part of
the future and that and that uh we can't
let China become the crypto King we have
to be the crypto King in this it was
everything it it was it it felt like he
talked about the future it was like he
had his arms around it and here's the
thing I cannot
imagine kamla Harris having that
conversation I actually don't think
she's smart
enough now of course Trump was bluffing
because he's a good bullshitter but I
think he at least understood the basics
of everything he
said I think he understood what a you
know what a stable coin is I think he
understood that there were you know
regulations getting in the way I mean on
a conceptual level he seemed to
understand it and that's kind of
impressive he he made himself look like
he was
25 and I don't know what is he 78 or
something at the same time I've never
seen anything like that he looked he
looked young and experienced at the same
time what a thing now here's where I'm
really going to make you mad and I
apologize in advance it's just too
important not to
mention remember I told you that I
taught Chachi BT how to
hypnotize now when I say hypnotize I'm
talking about a sort of a waking
hypnosis just a word related thing not
NLP I don't I'm not a big NLP guy but
just something super persuasive and I
told you I wouldn't teach it to you
because it was too powerful it is um and
when I taught GP chat GPT to do it to me
it was too powerful and so I can't tell
you what it was but I will tell you I
heard Trump use the technique at his
speech and when he did it just blew me
off my
chair now I can't tell you what it was
but he has he had a a persuasive
technique that I don't remember seeing
maybe I should pay more attention but I
hadn't seen him use it before and when
he did it just went right through me and
I said to myself I cannot tell you what
that was because you won't be able to
pick it out yourself you you could
listen to them all day and you just
wouldn't see it but my
God and I think that's just natural I
don't believe that he studied that I
think that was just natural and
uh you you'd have to know what I was
talking about to know how powerful it
was but that was in my opinion that's
the best speech he's ever given in fact
one of the best political speeches
anybody's ever given I mean maybe
Kennedy had a couple of bangers but you
know Lincoln had a good day but this is
one of the best it really was then a
Wyoming Senator Senator Cynthia Lumis
don't know her but she made this claim
and I don't know I don't know how to
understand this she said that with a
strategic Bitcoin Reserve in the United
States we would have an asset that can
cut our debt in half by
2045 how
let's say the government buys a bunch of
Bitcoin and then the Bitcoin goes up in
value if we don't do anything with it
and just hold it how does that how does
that reduce the
deficit and we just add it as an asset
against your your liabilities but you
still have to pay off you still have to
pay it even though you have a balancing
asset so if you monetized your Bitcoin
and used it to pay off the you know the
dollar debt then you've got inflation
because you just introduced several
trillion dollars of Bitcoin into what
had been the cash part of the economy so
I don't understand how that can work but
this may have more to do with my
understanding than whether it works so
if somebody knows what they're talking
about it would be awesome if you could
explain to me can Bitcoin somehow help
us
cut the deficit in the in the comments
does anybody see that as a thing because
when I was asking the question because I
was sort of naively asking is there any
way crypto could help us in the debt and
100% of the people who knew what they
were talking about said
no because there is no way that it that
it doesn't ultimately
create
inflation you can't just add
money and I thought maybe there some way
you know subtract this add this but I
couldn't come up with one and nobody
nobody else thought it was worth even
thinking about really so maybe but uh I
don't know how that would work uh Joel
Pollock is reporting that uh Trump was
uh very supportive of his female Secret
Service agents and uh even though people
were making lots of Dei comments Trump
wants you to know what he say um that
that uh that the female agent who
guarded him you know wasn't as big as
him but she was criticized because she
wasn't tall enough but she was shielding
me with everything B basically went on
saying that how Brave she was you know
she ran toward the bullets put herself
between the bullets and him and did not
hesitate and I would like to add to that
and say yes just just to be
sure um I do think that Dei still has to
be looked at because you do want bigger
people guarding bigger people but I'm
not going to take away from her skill or
bravery she was Brave there there was
more than one you know there there was
one that maybe wasn't regular Secret
Service that looked a little an of sorts
and we had some fun with that but the
main one who was on him and stayed with
him to the
car um apparently has good reputation
with the family and is considered quite
a you know valuable employ
so I think I think two things could be
true you know I think the de has to be
looked at in that context but you could
also say that she's a star and that
she's a hero and that she did did her
job the way you'd want her to do it so
let's give her that
credit well we keep hearing more and
some of it gets revised about what
happened on the assassination day in
near Butler
Pennsylvania and what things we're
hearing was uh um I Heard a story then I
heard it debunked so I don't know if
this is true the story was that there
was a uh a room full of uh there should
have been
three police snipers in a unit that
would have had a way to overlook the um
the roof and the reason that they didn't
see the shooter climb on the roof was
that one of the three didn't come to
work now this has been disputed so I'll
just tell you what somebody was there
said and just know it's
disputed uh so one of them didn't come
to work then there were two of them and
then the the word came out that there
was somebody suspicious so one of the
two thought well I'd better go look
around so one of the two goes and looks
around but when he tries to go back in
the building having not found anything
uh because I think actually the shooter
was climbing on the building at the time
he was looking around on the
ground so then he goes back to the
building and he doesn't have his Pass
Key to get back in the building so he
has to call the guy that's in that room
the one place where you could have seen
the guy on the roof remember there
should have been three but now it's down
to one person in that room so the guy
outside calls the guy and he has to come
down and let him into the door and
during that
time allegedly the shooter got on the
roof now does that sound like a Dilbert
reason yes it does it sounds like a
Dilbert reason now keep in mind that
that that
uh sequence of events is disputed by
somebody else who was there and knows
what's happening and said nothing like
that happened that's that must be all
made up and then there was a one we
heard I just heard
today um that the local cops never told
the Secret Service that were around
Trump's body you know the actual body
people on near the stage they were never
told that there was a suspicious
person so there was a communication gap
so while they were tracking somebody
that they knew had a rangefinder and was
you know a variable that was sketchy the
people guarding the president most
closely never heard it so the question
we we all been have been asking
ourselves is why didn't they immediately
delay him from going on or take him off
immediately as soon as there was some
question and the answer is they never
heard of the question now is that true
everything we've heard so far seems open
to be revised so I'm not sure you could
take any of the accounts as true at this
point there's just too much weirdness
going on here but so far everything
suggests that the failures that day were
in fact regular ordinary Dilbert poer
AED boss failures failures of
communication failure of coordination
failure of management failure of
leadership failure of good judgment and
then just some weird things that happen
like you forget your access card right
so
but that still leaves plenty of room for
bad behavior because I do still think
there's a really high chance that
somebody hypnotized or Brainwashed the
shooter because we still don't know who
he was talking to and he had some
foreign connections and some encrypted
apps and not enough regular friends and
Cheryl looks like he was talking to
somebody and we don't know if that
somebody was one of ours or an Iranian
asset or some other kind of asset but I
do think that if it was some kind of
state actor who hypnotized this guy it's
possible that the state actor was smart
enough that even if you found out what
accounts he was talking to you'd never
find out who it was so we may never know
but still there's possibility of some
conspiracy theory involved here but
probably not day of it looks like just
incompetence on day
of all
right I was uh making fun on X because
the CNN fact Checker Daniel Dale seemed
to be everywhere when Trump gives a
speech but he sort of disappears a
little bit when uh Harris is out there
lying now correct me if I'm wrong but
nearly 100% of Biden's claims during the
U short time he was in the race were
false were they not were there any
claims that Biden made about the
election and now these claims are going
over to KLA Harris are there any claims
that K Harris makes that are actually
true
I don't know if I've seen one have you
she'll make claims about how the
administration did and those all seem to
be
fake uh she'll make claims about what
Trump plans to do which look all fake to
me so has she ever told the truth about
anything actually literally anything is
there one example where she told the
truth with the right context and I can't
think of one and I mean that I can't
think of one actually zero times I can
think of when she told the truth and yet
still their idiot Democrats
believe that there's only one liar in
the race why because people like Daniel
Dale are apparently not doing their
job
however Daniel Dale just showed up on
the
job and
apparently he uh debunked the whole
project 2025 thing which is the primary
campaign claim of Harris her biggest
claim is that this project 2025 which is
from the Heritage group not from Trump
is that it's Trump's Trump is you know
disou it every bit of evidence shows
it's a separate group he has his own
policies which are not from that you can
see them yourself it very much is
debunked but you don't expect it to get
debunked but anything that any Democrat
would ever see what would you do if you
were a Democrat and you thought the main
reason that the Aris campaign was trying
to save you was to keep you from Project
2025 policies and then your own news
says no that's not
true he he's not in favor of that
stuff now of course there's some overlap
because some of it's just ordinary
conservative stuff but that's not really
the
issue so that's a big deal and uh but I
do think that Daniel Dale is probably
got a lot to answer for for how much
Harris says every single day and doesn't
get fact checked on CNN he's the fact
Checker I feel like the fact Checker
should say every single day um well
there's no evidence that Trump's going
to steal your
democracy and he should say there's no
evidence that the intention of the
January 6 people was a coup because that
would be true but I don't think he's
able to say that it's too late I think
he says the opposite well Trump wants to
end Birthright citizenship at least in
May of last year he said
that uh so that if you're born here but
you're born to parents who are not here
legally neither of them then maybe you
would not be a Birthright citizen he
thinks he can end that with an executive
order I think that would end up going to
the Supreme Court I think the Supreme
Court would overrule it
but just a
guess
anyway um one of the things Trump said
is the United States is among the only
countries in the world that says even if
neither parent is a citizen or even
lawfully in the country their their
children could be
citizens and I got some questions about
that which countries allow
that can you name a country that does
allow the child born near to be a
citizen if the If the parents are not
and are not there legally it'd be one
thing if the parents were there legally
but not as Citizens but if you're there
illegally both of your
parents I think Trump's got an argument
and the argument would be you don't want
to incentivize that
behavior so but I don't know if it's
going to pass any constitutional muster
I suspect not because the Constitution
seems pretty clear on that
point so one of the funniest sub stories
in politics is uh Mark Cuban's
embarrassing fora in public arguing that
the Dei doesn't mean Equity means equal
outcomes these are some of his quotes he
said on x quote I'm sorry but I can say
with 100% certainty confidence I think
that Equity that the equity part of Dei
does not mean equal
outcomes people it doesn't mean equal
outcomes he said more than once he also
said diversity is meritocracy so no
equity never means equal outcomes I
don't know how you create equal outcomes
in a company so he admits that if it
were equal outcomes it would be absurd
it's not something you could actually
do and um then he's being presented with
lots of videos and audios of K haris
saying EX exactly that she means Equity
as in equal
outcomes and she does not mean
meritocracy
now if that were me you know I don't get
embarrassed at anything but that would
certainly challenge
my ability to not get embarrassed I mean
he really made a big and arrogant deal
about look you idiot Republicans how do
you not understand it couldn't possibly
mean equal outcomes because that would
be
absurd and it does mean equal
outcomes and it is
absurd and he knows that by now he knows
that K Harris has a completely different
idea of equity than he thought was even
possible and so what did he do did he
say oh well I'm wrong about that so you
know the she's pushing something that
would obviously destroy the country so I
guess I can't promote her no he endorsed
her he endorsed her so we still don't
know what's going on with Mark
cubin but there are some things we can
rule
out we we can rule out he understands
politics may maybe that's the whole
explanation because I don't see any
possibility he would have made that big
argument in
public if he actually understood that it
was completely opposite of real
I don't think he would have done
it and and I you know some of you don't
like this but I will stand by my
statement he's not dumb that's not
what's going on he's very smart he's
proved it a 100 different times but it
could be just that the news is so
brainwashing on his side of the world he
just isn't seeing the obvious important
stories maybe maybe that's all it takes
so he's still a mystery but but uh this
is fascinating how wrong he could be
about something so vital to the future
of the country I mean really few things
are more important than that because it
will destroy the entire
country
anyway um KL Harris has also said in the
past that she's open to packing the
Supreme
Court
and how would that
go have you noticed the K Harris always
has this sort of half opinion doesn't
think it doesn't look like it's thought
out in the long
run it's with everything it it's a
complete inability to see cause and
effect over
time because if they pack the
court what would the Republicans do when
they get in office next pack the court
and then you would have taken from the
Constitution and the country the entire
foundation of the Constitution because
if you don't have separation of those
entities where they can operate
independently and of course if they were
going to get packed and repacked and
repacked they could never operate
independently they would just give the
executive branch exactly what they want
now
the um the left could argue but that's
the way it is now because it's backed
with conservatives so they're just going
to give everything the conservatives
want except that hasn't happened that
hasn't happened we've seen that they've
you know the conservatives and liberals
have cross sides several times
so to me the most credible outcome from
a Supreme Court decision is where at
least one person crossed over I I look
for that as much as I can find it so
that you know it's not just who got
appointed makes all the decisions so
every now and then they'll surprise us
but uh no packing the court would be
stupid it would be stupid even if you
don't like how it is now it would be
stupid and uh there's no other way to
say that I if you can't understand what
the long-term uh outcome of that is you
have a problem and it's probably IQ by
the way it's probably IQ she doesn't
seem
smart now before you say to me but Scott
you're being racist and sexist by
calling KLA Harris not smart no Obama
was brilliant still is brilliant yeah
and Hillary uh Hillary Clinton very
smart did you ever did you ever hear me
say Hillary Clinton's not smart nope
nope no what I call Harris dumb it's not
because she's a woman has nothing to do
with her her racial makeup
she just actually does seem dumb that's
my actual impression of
her and it's always in the same way
which is not understanding the
ramifications she would like to end
fighting in Gaza well what would that
lead to rebuild Gaza rebuild the Hamas
Hamas attacks again stronger next
time um how about chasing Equity instead
of uh equality of outcomes well you end
up with a destroy economy
100% it total inability to understand
anything about the outcomes of current
actions uh what's
this is there really a white dudes for
kamla Harris event coming up is that
really a thing I'm seeing it in the
comments I don't know if that's
real anyway have you heard of a entity
called newsguard so newsguard is this
factchecking group I think they're
International and their job is to rate
various news entities as to whether
they're credible or a bunch of big old
Liars now you don't have to be alive in
the world for very long to know that
newsg guard is not a legitimate
organization it is designed to shut down
conservatives and and not liberals how
do I know that well they just came after
Jonathan Turley because he wrote an
article criticizing newsguard so he
criticized them and then immediately
they sent their investigators in to find
out if Turley was the kind of news that
you should not pay attention to guess
what they
said well I'm not sure if they have a a
rating yet but obviously they're going
to say he's a part of the bad people
will they have any examples to prove it
of course not because he doesn't have
any bad examples ever turle is the one
of the cleanest thinkers and least
biased people you ever see and but they
went after him because he was being
objectively candid about them so now
he's on the attack but so you should
know that they go after things like uh
well every conservative site but they
would not go after say The Huffington
Post or the New Republic
which are ridiculous Outlets well I
don't know too much about the new
Republic but huffing post is an absurdly
fake news site but they're fine so in
case you wondered Scott are you
exaggerating about them really only
existing to shut down conservative
sites they don't give the Huffington
Post a bad grade that's all you need to
know all right I mean that that should
tell you 100% of everything you need to
know
right so they are uh in my opinion a
illegitimate fake site that are
determining uh what you can and cannot
see on every platform and every news
they they they are a part of the
suppression uh
anti-American
operation well this is kind of
interesting you may have seen that there
was a deep fake of KLA Harris giving a
speech it wasn't really her but it
showed the Deep fake technology way
better than you thought it was and by
you I mean me way better than I thought
it was I did think that by now there
were probably some you know military
applications that could do a deep fake
perfectly but I didn't think you could
do it just with an app that you
downloaded but looks like you can
because I don't know how they made it
but they did make a deep fake that
talked
naturally uh and I don't think you would
have necessarily identified it as a fake
usually you can but it's reached a new
level anyway what's interesting about
this is not just that the technology
reached the point where you really can't
tell the difference but that Elon posted
it and he posted it without a parody
warning now some people said wait a
minute X's own rules are that if you do
a deep fake you've got to put a parody
warning on
it but other people said maybe this is
just a fair fight
because 100% of everything the Harris
campaign has said has been
fake
100% everything everything they've said
has been a
lie is it immoral or unethical if you
met their 100% lying with a 100%
lies I don't have an answer to that I
just know it's really interesting that
Elon did something that appears to be a
violation of his own terms you know
doing it fake video that isn't labeled
as a parody but he may have been doing
it for exactly that reason we don't know
his reasons but you know you assume he
thinks things through he's not he's not
randomly throwing things up and seeing
what
happens it could be it could be that
this is a statement we don't know but
it's an interesting event here's what uh
bologi sasan said says about this
situation he says it's the first Fair
fight uh he he says do you remember the
emerald
mines fake story about Elon or the P
tape about uh about Trump or I can see
Russia from my house or the couch you
know the JD V couch story he says for
literally Generations Democrats have
controlled institutions like Hollywood
and the news and they could basically
tell you any fake story they wanted like
it was true and nobody could tell the
difference cuz they had such complete
control over the media but now because
of X and the birth of consumer level
professional memes meaning that one
person can sit in their living room and
make something that looks as good as
Hollywood could have made a few years
ago then it's a fair fight and
maybe both sides will go to 100% fake
everything because real news doesn't
seem to move the move the needle too
much but the fake
news because it's always more
provocative
does so what would happen if both the
left and the right said you know what
let's just not even try to do the real
stuff anymore let's just go full fake
now you say to me Scott that's like
that's kind of irresponsible and crazy
is it 100% of what the Harris campaign
and Biden before him are saying is fake
100% all of it every every single claim
it's all fake everything they say about
the record everything they say about
Trump 100% lies now if you don't think
so bring me something that
isn't see see if you can find one if you
find one it'll be so trivial I'll say
well okay but that's sort of trivial
right no we're already in 100% Li
territory and I think the conservatives
you know maybe you're a little behind in
the lying but what happens if they
decided to catch up what if they said
you know what there's nothing coming
from the left that's true we'll just do
that I don't know I'm not recommending
it I'm just saying it's interesting um
what I do think is that we should have
more of the brainwashing tests somebody
asked me Scott you have that clever
little three question test to find out
if Democrats are brainwashed but could
you do that for the right to which I say
yes I could and I'm not going
to do you know why because I want Trump
to win and I don't want to start a fight
with the right so I'm not going to I'm
not going to give you balance on that I
could I could tell you some things that
look like brainwashing to me but I don't
think they're especially important
frankly in other words it may be
brainwashing that you gave yourself
or it may have come from outside of
politics but everybody's got some ideas
that are clearly not true including me
of course I just don't know what they
are that the nature of brainwashing is
the only person who can't tell is the
brainwashed person so it's easier to
observe it from the outside and say oh
yeah that's obviously brainwashing but
the thing you have to be careful of is
that someone else can do that to you
they can look at you and say yeah but
you know that thing you believe
that's obviously a little brainwashing
too and you wouldn't be able to see it
you'd say no I I used my judgment I did
a deep dive I looked into it
myself sometimes that would be
true well there's a new drunk kamla
video according to me um and you may
have seen it and the way it's being
presented is just another word salad
non-answer where she's talking about the
border and she doesn't answer the
question she just says generic things
but take a look at her
with the idea in mind that she's not
just bad at answering a question but
that she's literally drunk and then see
if it doesn't look like it to you and if
if that doesn't work for you uh I also
reposted this morning bright Bart news
had a uh a little four pack of four
little videos on X that uh each showed
kis doing the word salad thing I don't
think it's word salad I looked at all
four of them and all four of them look
drunk to me so I would love to get your
opinion because you know confirmation
bias is pretty strong so you know once I
convinced myself that's what I was
seeing it's easy to imagine that then I
had confirmation bias and I could see it
even if it isn't there but I want to get
your opinion and I have a tell to look
for and the tell to look for is her
shoulders
all right so I'm going to do an
impression that know you Spotify
listeners won't be able to appreciate
but when she's looking like she's not
inebriated to me when she talks her body
is calm and she says what she wants to
say maybe maybe her hands are moving
because people move their
hands but there's nothing about her body
that looks unusual when she looks drunk
to me I see her shoulders moving when
she talks and I'll give you an
impression of it just so you can look
for it it's more like
this you you you'll see it's like the
body is contorting it's like she's
searching for words and the body is
trying to help to me that looks
drunk right I could be
wrong but I want you to look for it
because it looks kind of obvious to me
actually well Janet Yellen she's given a
speech in Brazil and she said that uh
the cost to transition to the lowcar
carbon economy and save the world from
climate change would be uh many
trillions of dollars and maybe we would
take three trillion
globally and uh it's a top priority for
the Biden
Administration and said uh that uh yell
and vow to finance green initiatives in
developing countries through
multilateral development Banks and blah
blah blah to which I
say um all right let let me understand
this if you were to take all the already
developed countries and I would add I
don't know what the current definition
is but in my view India and China are
developed countries does that does that
match your understanding um and Europe
of course and then you know I suppose
Brazil and you know maybe Argentina is
coming online and stuff so let's let's
suppose you took all the developed
countries and you took the amount of the
calculation for climate
change wouldn't that be 90% of all the
climate change how how much how much
climate change problems do we have from
quote developing countries or is she
calling China a developing country we're
not going to invest in China are
we and does India need our outside
investment I don't think so I think
they're doing okay so what part of this
isn't stupid why would we put lots of
Financial Resources behind developing
countries when they can't be more than
10% of the problem and if the big
countries found a way to solve their
problem then they would buy that
technology until the cost per unit of
that technology was affordable for a
developing
country so it feels like the most
self-solving problem in the entire world
like the one that you should put no
attention in
just just do what you can do for
developing countries and then the
non-developed countries that were never
a problem
anyway they get they get it when the
cost comes down like everything else in
the world
works so I guess I don't understand that
K Harris has been in the past against
fracking Michael shellenberger reminds
us that if you're against fracking
because it's bad for the environment
you're going to have to deal with the
fact that the alternative is coal you
this is another half pinion is where you
thinking about half of it no fracking is
bad okay so what would happen if you ban
fracking comell
Harris well fracking is bad I know I
know we heard what you said but what
would happen if you don't do
it well fracking could be bad for the
environment no really okay we got that
part we hear what you're saying about
fracking but if we don't do it what does
that look like can you draw that picture
because I can as Michael shellenberger
helps us we burn way more
coal because that's what's
available and do you think that the coal
business is cleaner or better for the
environment than fracking not even close
fracking is not
risk-free so let me be as clear as
possible comes with
risks but not compared to
Coal if you compare it to Coal it's the
you know it's the least polluting safest
thing you can do because coal is pretty
well uh well uh connected with all kinds
of uh Health impacts if you live around
it
basically anyway so this is just another
example where the Democrats cannot do
any long-term cause and effect analysis
whatsoever yeah we really are dealing
with brainwashing and being bad at math
and to imagine that we have some kind of
priority questions or or one is evil and
one isn't nothing like that's going on
there's just
brainwashing plus people who simply
don't have full opinions and maybe don't
know it because they're not good at
analyzing
things all
right um remember when Biden said he was
doing better on the border than Trump
and it took
it took me uh let's see a quarter of a
second and I think you were with me too
to say well that's not true that's just
totally made up there's no way that
Biden got the number lower than Trump
had it for immigration and do you know
what the first thing I assumed was that
they were counting it
different do you know what the answer
was they're counting it different do you
know why Biden can say there are fewer
illegal uh entries because they
legalized it they said if you come
through this doorway we'll take your
name we'll put you on the Asylum list
you are now legal so when we talk about
the illegal people coming in we're not
going to talk about you we're because
you came in although you are not a
citizen and although you're unlikely to
show up for your Asylum uh court case in
two years or whenever uh we're not going
to count you as illegal because you came
in through our process that's the game
they're playing they simply just Define
it as legal now when they say that U
violent crime and everything is better
now than it's been I just assume they're
lying about
that yeah all all numbers in an election
year are made up all numbers in an
election year are made up that's
correct so but some of them would be
directionally correct and some would not
so I think if Trump says I did better
than Biden on the border
that is directionally correct would you
agree if if Trump says um I'll I'll be
better for energy production in the
country well he might say some Whoppers
as part of that but directionally we all
agree that he would be better for you
know domestic
energy here's an interesting update
remember that Chinese spy balloon uh
Apparently one of the reasons we shot it
down in the ocean is so that our divers
could go in and recover it and look at
all their technology and see what
China's up to and now they've done that
reportedly the government divers got the
good stuff and now they have a much
better idea what China can and cannot do
with their spy balloons so at least
that's a little positive
something there's a somebody yelling in
all caps some hallucinations about
me so there's somebody who thinks that
they could read my mind and is yelling
in all caps about about the pandemic if
you're still talking about the
pandemic and you think that that's like
the important thing to scream in the
comments today you're a
idiot we're so over that so so making up
some fake rumors about me from the
pandemic and inserting it now what is
wrong with you
just what is wrong with
you
anyway uh musk has a Elon Musk has an
opinion if who should win the election
in Venezuela I guess he likes Maria
Karina Machado I don't know anything
about her but she noted that um musk had
endorsed her
and I've got a question I thought
Venezuela was a dictatorship
now how are they having an
election is this real I I guess I
thought that Venezuela had
gone to their dictator guy was it Madura
or whatever but how do you uniat it did
he actually just agree to hold a real
open election and there's
real democratically oriented people in
the election is that actually happening
there there's something about this
story that seems really important in a
good way if it's true the good way would
be did we somehow or did Venezuela
somehow maybe with or without our help
did they somehow write that
ship are they actually on a way toward
improving things like what happened
there anyway so I don't know if this is
a real election or not in other news
Hezbollah did a deadly attack on the
Golan Heights in Israel and killed I
think it's up to 12 less I looked 12
deaths and more
injuries and uh of course it's an
Iranian supplied rocket that did it and
uh then the question is will Israel have
to go in a major war to destroy
Hezbollah isn't that
guaranteed does anybody think that
Israel will not destroy Hezbollah now
I've heard it said um that would not be
easy like Gaza I mean as if Gaza is easy
but it wouldn't be even doable because
now hbel has you know so many Rockets
already aimed at Israel that if they
made a major war play the Rockets would
launch and and Israel would get whacked
they wouldn't have enough Iron Dome to
take them all down now I don't know if
any of that's true I mean it sounds true
if you see the numbers it looks like
Israel would have a tough time but but I
also
Wonder Isn't the whole point to
eventually get enough missiles so that
when they do attack they can destroy all
of
Israel I mean if you were just to say
well maybe we should wait because
they're just doing these low-level
attacks and even though people die it's
better than a full out
war is
it is it better than a full out War
maybe Israel just needs to get it over
with because the full out war is going
to
come but why would you wait until the
the other side was better armed and had
enough missiles that they could take out
your civilization in 6 hours would you
let them do that and I don't know what
the options are I don't know what it
would take but I can't imagine that
Israel won't destroy
Hezbollah one way or the other they'll
wait until gaza's maybe digested a
little bit so the military has you know
a little more flexibility
but can it only go one way I don't see
how it can go a different
way Jenny J so Jenny the
idiot uh is still yelling in all caps
but yelling the same thing over and
over Jenny are you having a
situation do do we need to uh get a
family member to look into this are off
your
meds
Jenny or it could be somebody with a
different name
yeah anyway I would I would love if I
could have one magical power it would be
to transport into the room of the person
who's my Troll and just like appear next
to their computer and just say what the
hell are you
doing why you doing that what what's
your what what a gain are you looking
for what's your upside for this Jenny
the
idiot uh Venezuela has never been a
dictatorship Madura won an
election are you Venezuela in trouble
I'm supposed to believe
that I'm supposed to believe that was a
free and fair
election okay okay
sure
um we had the worst fires in 2020 and
not much
CO2 I don't know about that I mean you
might be making a good point I don't
know all right ladies and gentlemen that
is what I have for you for
today um I'm going to say goodbye to the
folks on X and YouTube and Rumble I'm
going to talk to the
subscribers
only Jenny the idiot says did you make
up to secret Insider friend that warned
you about Co to cover
for being
duped um Jetty you just have bad f
so you can yell all day but nothing will
take us back to the past you need to get
back on your
meds
Jenny and stop being a
 and just go fix your life all right
we're going to go talk to the uh people
on locals who are not like Jenny they're
good people all right the rest of you
I'll see you
tomorrow thanks for joining
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e for