um hey everybody come on in here it's
time for coffee with Scott Adams I'm
Scott Adams and if you'd like to enjoy
the best part of the day the part that
gives you that little dopamine push that
you need to get through the rest of the
day you came to the right place it
doesn't require much on your part well
what do you need I'll tell you what you
need you need a cup or a mug or glasses
time the chalice tankard a thermos flask
a canteen a vessel of any kind fill it
with your favorite liquid I like coffee
and join me now for the simultaneous sip
oh it's gonna be a good one here it
comes oh yes what a day alright let's
talk about all the things that are
happening because if you read the news
or you follow social media you would
realize that things are happening
they're not terribly important things
seems like news just sort of stopped
lately but that's the summer August
phenomenon have you ever noticed that
when the the people who report the news
go on vacation because you know
government and the press they go on
vacation and in August have you noticed
that the new stops why does the news
stop there's got to be some news
happening but it's all sort of low-grade
easy to report kind of stuff free to
press release talk about it that sort of
thing all right
I tweeted a that interview between the
erin burnett on CNN and ken cuccinelli
who I believe is the acting US
Citizenship and Immigration Services
Director and the reason I tweeted it is
not so much for political interest but
for skill you have to watch ken
cuccinelli
handling hostile questions sorry you've
never seen it done better and I that
might be true it's possible you've never
seen it better now I'll make an
exception for president Trump president
Trump does it better in the way the only
president Trump can do but if you're not
president Trump and you're trying to be
the best you can be among less a normal
human beings right so Trump is still a
level above in terms of what he can do
with the press and and the public but
for the next level down for someone
who's not actually named Trump wow just
wow you have to watch how well he
handles the difficult questions now I'll
just call out a few things you know I'm
not gonna I'm not gonna say he's a
master persuader per se because I'm not
sure he had I don't know if he did or
did not exhibit persuasion skill but his
his public interview skill second to
none Wow let me tell you a few things he
did right the biggest thing he did right
is he maintained what I would consider a
high ground demeanor a high ground
demeanor what normally happens if you're
the subject of hostile questions is that
you you react to the questioner so the
questioner says hi I'm attacking you I'm
attacking you what's the most natural
way to respond when you're attacked
retreat or attack right those are the
two normal ways you respond which one
which one of those did he do and neither
that's what man is special he didn't
defend in other words he didn't take a
he of course defended his point of view
but he didn't take a defensive demeanor
nor did he take an offensive demeanor he
didn't do either one
he took the high ground
and you'll never see it done better but
if you watch his body language the tone
of his voice the the precision with
which he just sort of sliced and diced
her points
he started off a little bit finding his
bearings because you know he didn't know
where the questions were coming from
what was going to happen the moment he
realized what the field looked like he
ran the table I think was just really
fun to watch so I wish I could give it a
better telling but you just have to
watch it but the thing to look for is
his demeanor he took a demeanor without
saying it in words that made him the
teacher to her the student so look for
that look for him taking a demeanor in
which he's simply explaining it to
someone who is not as informed without
being arrogant without being defensive
without being offensive he simply took a
higher plane and then lived there and
she had to she had to figure out how to
respond to that and looked a little
flustered it was it it was really fun to
watch and skill wise just to pick up
some skills all right there's an article
in the LA Times there wonders if Trump
possesses the correct neurological
makeup for empathy and they're wondering
if he has something called mirror
neurons which I imagine would be the
distinction between a psychopath and a
real person okay all right
the first question I'd ask is how much
does it matter this is the sort of
question you might ask when somebody is
say running for the nomination it's the
sort of question you might still ask if
that same person got the nomination and
was running for president you know
everything's fair and that would be fair
in terms of you know all the crazy
things that people ask it's it's in the
list
it'll be fair but is it still a sensible
question after three years of Trump
administration it is what it is we see
where
priorities are and they don't seem to
change so I'm not sure it makes that
much difference but we do see him
consistently be pro-american profet he's
even helped with prison reform he helped
with ASAP rocky so you could argue with
me all day long about what he feels
internally and what his neurons are
doing you could tell me all day long
that the president's neurons are doing
the wrong thing as long as he's getting
Americans out of jail in foreign
countries he's working on the economy
he's you know negotiating trade deals
and cetera don't really care so it's
three years of don't really care all
right hilariously Bernie Sanders is
attacking the Washington Post and and he
threw in the New York Times as entities
that do not cover him in the way that he
would like to be covered in other words
he doesn't call them fake news but he's
saying that their coverage is let's say
corporate determined as opposed to just
talking about the facts because he
thinks he'd get a better a better shake
if they were more objective sounds like
somebody we know yeah sounds familiar
doesn't it now it's there's no there's
no accident that people who like Trump
are more likely to like Bernie at least
personally you know not his policies but
are more likely to like him as a as a
candidate as a as a real person say what
you will say about Bernie he's
definitely his own person he's an
original and B seems I would say genuine
meaning that it looks like he believes
what he says and you know he's doing
he's doing his Bernie best now whether
you like or don't like it it's
interesting to know he's on the same
side of a Trump in attacking the media
now Chris sylia a commentator for
commentator or opinion
I guess for CNN weighed in on this and
said it's inappropriate essentially and
Chris said that he worked for The
Washington Post for several years under
the Bezos ownership and he can tell us
personally that Bezos and indeed I guess
management in general never told them
what to write in terms of had a slant
things he said it didn't happen to him
didn't happen to anybody it isn't a
thing management at the Washington Post
that does not tell you what to write do
you believe that do you do you believe
that management of the New York Times
and let's say the Washington or
Washington Post those two publications
so sylia was talking specifically about
the Washington Post but I think you
could generalize this do you think that
management tells them what to write or
at least tells them what bias to to show
okay I've worked for a big company and I
would say that Chris aleeah's claim
almost certainly true is that what you
expected Chris cilia's claimed then
management and Jeff Bezos has never not
once told the staff what to write or how
to spin it he says it hasn't happened I
rate that as true not just a little bit
true I rate that 100% true based on
everything I know about everything right
remember I I kind of work in the
newspaper business you know because my
comic strips um I'm in that world all
the time and interviewed a million times
no I know dozens and dozens of people in
that business so I know it pretty well I
would say that is a hundred percent true
I do not think there's ever been a
conversation with any writer reporter
and which management said you know I
think you should shade this a little
more against Bernie or a little more
against Trump now is that important no
it's a complete Dodge
now I don't know if Chris cilia knows
this so I mean I can't read his mind so
I don't know if he knows it's a Dodge
but it ends up that way here's how the
real world works people know what their
boss wants people know what fits him
people know what's gonna get them
promoted people know what kind of
articles get put on the front page
don't think if you work for the
Washington Post do you think you would
know what kind of article to write to
get it on the front page do you think
you know what kind of articles are right
so that your editor won't edit it
heavily of course you do if if you were
smart enough to know that you wouldn't
be smart enough to write articles that
are worthy of the Washington Post and
The New York Times say what you will
about their editorial bias if you could
write for the Washington Post or the New
York Times whatever else anybody else
wants to say about you you can write
like you know how to write those are the
best you know the best writers in the
world are writing for those publications
including Chris a√ßelya so his writing
skills tremendous great writer you can
disagree with his opinions but his
writing skill excellent so those people
are very smart and they don't have to be
told what to do to fit it and they're
probably also hired because maybe
they're leaning in a certain direction
you know when people hire you they get a
sense of what you've written before so
they know what you're likely to write
again so nobody has to have a
conversation about what to write that's
just completely unnecessary you and
let's say two people write articles
neither of them we're told what to write
all right let's say it's the Washington
Post or the New York Times two articles
one of them is say pro-trump
one of them is anti-trump and then
separate people who also have not been
told what to do or how to do it decide
it goes in the front page and what goes
to the top left of the website what gets
probably to play what gets edited down
to a shorter version what stays large
what gets the photographed what doesn't
get a photograph a lot of decisions
happen after the writing and and those
two are not necessarily going to be
treated the same so it's a second chance
for somebody else who also has not been
told what to do but they know where they
work they know what gets the clicks they
know who their audiences they know who
their boss is they know what a what a
bonus looks like so nothing has to be
explained all right
CNN's got a piece that's interesting but
is a perfect example of what I call
loser thing which I'll explain in a
moment and what they've done is they're
comparing the stock market performance
by president so they're saying for the
first X days of each presidency how did
the stock market do and they've
determined that Obama's stock market
went up a higher percentage sharply
higher percentage then Trump's has so
far which has also been good and so the
conclusion from the CNN graph is that
Trump is doing better than I guess Bush
but way worse than Obama and not not too
bad compared to Clinton I guess similar
so is that is that a good analysis let's
say all the numbers are correct let's
say they got all the numbers correct is
that a good analysis here's the problem
and here's the theory behind my upcoming
book it'll be out in November called
loser think and the base of the the
background idea is that people who don't
have experience across multiple domains
are at a disadvantage and that they will
be they'll have blind spots for things
which are obvious to someone who spent
time in let's say the field of law to
someone who spent time in the field of
let's say art
if you haven't had any experience er
someone who's had experience in
economics someone who's experienced in
business
each of these experiences gives you a
different filter on life and my take is
that the more of those filters you can
combine into your your your maximum
filter the more likely you are to escape
what I call loser thing so loser thing
doesn't mean you're done doesn't mean
you're ignorant in the classic sense
loser thing means you haven't been
exposed to a domain of thought and it
happens to be the one you need for this
problem
perfect example do you think that the
people who made this graph for CNN and
the editors who decided to put it were
aware of the following economic truth
you ready I have a degree in economics
I've got an MBA worked in business for a
long time specifically had the job of
making charts and graphs and financial
projections so unlike perhaps the
editors to see you then I don't know for
sure because I don't know where they are
but there's a blind spot in this graph
and it's gigantic and it's one that
everybody who studied economics and
finance and business can see immediately
yeah somebody in the conference is
already all over it now you're saying it
differently you're talking about qe1
what I was going to say is that you
should expect in all cases this is just
a general truth that if your economy is
at the the bottom of the barrel the
percentage of increase that you're
likely to have in the you know during
the first parts of recovery we're gonna
be really high why because that's the
easy part if you recover it all which
takes some skill and by the way I do
credit Obama with skillfully stopping
the economy from going further down
adding some confidence to the system
stabilizing it so that it could do its
thing to grow back up here's the thing
the percentages increases you get in the
beginning of a recovery should be high
that's how it works because you've got
companies that are already built
you've got factories already built they
just have to make more stuff because the
economy is improving you got people who
are fully trained ready to go back to
work so they do you know you're ready to
go from the bottom of the economic hole
but when you get closer to the top which
is where Trump was getting any kind of
percentage game is really really hard
these two are not comparable you can't
compare coming off the bottom with
trying to top off the top which is what
Trump is doing much harder and I would
argue it takes a different skill set
I've said this before Obama for all you
might dislike about his policies in
general because he was a stable kind of
serious you know
non whimsical kind of a personality he
felt like a dependable you know pair of
shoes that you needed to give some
confidence the system many ports and
money into it etc so he did he made the
right moves but he was also the right
personality imagine President Trump be
in the Obamas job would you want
somebody as let's say unpredictable as
Trump when things are already scary
maybe not maybe not but when you start
getting you know toward the top of how
well an economy can do how about that
that is exactly when you want a
president Trump because he's he's the
one you know putting the putting the gas
on the fire he's the one who can goose
anything Trump can bring energy to
anything you could bring energy to a
nuclear bomb he could say well let's
make it a little more energetic so the
two presidents have completely different
skill sets but in my opinion they were
both well suited for their time and
their the occasion
so does seeing them know that anybody
who had any experience with finance and
economics would recognize that they're
comparing the stock performances again
different presidents would be complete
nonsense do they know that well maybe
some of them do obviously the people
covering the economic part of Si and
then know that cold right so for sure
everybody was a pundit in CNN who has a
background in economics and finance
knows that that's just basic but if you
had a degree in journalism would that be
obvious to you would it if you didn't
know that what i just described you
about coming off the bottom versus
trying to top off a good economy if you
didn't know that you're not stupid right
it's just a it's just a field that you
haven't had an experience and you're not
ignorant in you know some kind of
classic way where you know you didn't
read enough books or something no it's
just a field of study that you did not
spend time in there's nothing wrong with
you all right you're completely healthy
and you're a good person but you haven't
had experience in the field so that's
what loser think is about it's not being
dumb it's not being ignorant
it's about blind spots because you
didn't spend enough time in a field all
right
similarly the the economic models around
climate change when I look at the
economic models around climate change
I'm pretty sure I say what's something
like a hundred percent of people who
studied economics and done economic
models and made economic forecasts say
this is a big claim but I'm gonna stick
by it my big claim is anybody who has an
economics degree finance degree would
spend time in that world projecting
economic things in the future every one
of them thinks that the economic
projections about that
you know what bad things will commander
of climate change are ridiculous guesses
all of them now I'm not talking about
the science part the science part that
says the temperature will go up by this
amount
I have no visibility into that world I
see claims I can count the number of
people who say it but I can't
I don't know if it's true or false I'm
inclined to go with the majority of
scientists because I'm always inclined
to do that but I can't say it's true and
it doesn't matter if it's true or not if
they are saying the economic impact is
as low as they're saying this the the
official climate change economic
forecast is something like a 10% the it
to GDP over 70 years which would
literally be not noticeable that's the
official number but here's the thing can
you depend on that no seven-year
economic forecast nonsense anybody who's
anybody who has experience with
economics will say well that's just
that's just crazy nonsense that's
nothing you should use to make decisions
all right
let's talk about here's an icky story
I'm going to say right off hand before I
even get into the topic this has low
credibility right yeah it's the Don
Lemon story so there's some accusations
against CNN host Don Lemon which I know
makes you enjoy it because you know you
see him as the enemy etc and he was
accused of some me to kind of a thing
with some gentleman in the Hamptons who
has filed a civil suit now what kind of
credibility should you put on that claim
well I might be the only one who tells
you this about once a week but
accusations of this type in a political
political environment where people are
being targeted to be taken out
you know people on both sides being
targeted I would put the credibility of
this below average lower credibility
than most stories and most stories are
not on 2% credible if I had to put a
guess on this I know
1020 percent likely to be true
there's never been a better case of
innocent until proven guilty I would
love to make you know unlike the rest of
you and I'll enjoy a good case of
schadenfreude you know with the rest of
you you know feeling something bad
happened to people that have a better
than knowing you wow I don't feel it on
this way so I hate to be the defender of
Don Lemon for this audience because I
know I know we have something Don Lemon
haters in the group here but I'm gonna
defend them
innocent until proven guilty period
innocent until proven guilty period
that's all I'm gonna say about it and if
you if you don't embrace that standard
you know remember what you said about
Cavanaugh remember what you said about
President Trump accusations just
remember what you said about everybody
else let's let's keep that standard I I
don't want yeah let's keep that standard
speaking that let's get back to Chris
Cuomo you all know the story Chris Cuomo
was approached by a gentleman in public
who called him Fredo
who is reference to the less competent
son in The Godfather but others say it's
a racial ethnic slur I saw a video with
Joe Piscopo who I believe is quite a
Republican who said that in his opinion
it is also an ethnic slur
now I think it does matter who's being
called Fredo because I guess this is
this insula has been used against people
who are not don't have any Italian
heritage so when it's used against
someone who doesn't have any Italian
heritage then I guess you can say it's
not an ethnic slur but people who are
Italian are telling us that they they
receive it as a racial slur so who's
right if it can be used against if it
can be used as a word a general word
about anybody
and most people agree that it has been
used you know with people were who are
not Italian is it then fair to say well
it's not enough like slur because we use
in all different cases now it doesn't
work that way it doesn't work that way
because take articulate you can say that
a white candidate is articulate but it
is I'll say generally agreed not 100%
but widely agreed that if you were to
say a black candidate was articulate it
would be considered a racial ethnic slur
so it does depend who you're talking to
you can't just look at the word and say
hey this words in the dictionary I'm
gonna use all the words in the
dictionary and freedom freedom of speech
I'll use all the words in the dictionary
well you can do that it's a free country
but here's my rule which I'm not going
to suggest you adopt but I'll just
defend it my rule is this don't be a
dick that's that's pretty much my rule
don't be a dick if there's if there's a
word there's some ethnic group 30% of
the people in that ethnic group say my
god you've insulted me with that word if
30% say it's an insult and 70% say yeah
now it's just a word I say why would you
unnecessarily insult 30% of an ethnic
group don't be a dick say it's the same
argument with the statues I understand
I saw a poll there's something like 44
percent of african-american citizens
favor Confederate statues even even
though they understand the you know the
bad history of it they favor the freedom
of speech the the art of it the
remembering your history the the
cultural continued it can continuity
stuff like that
so so there's certainly lots of black
folks who like keeping Confederate
statues even if they you know of course
don't love the memory of that stuff but
would like to keep it alive now but
there still
lots of people of color who say yeah I
get that there are other people who are
not offended but I'm really offended and
and this is beyond the pale for me let's
say half of the people let's say half of
the people of color be they black or be
there anything else were offended by the
statues to me that's a good enough
reason to get rid of them or you know
deal with them somehow maybe you don't
destroy them maybe you put them in a put
them in a museum or maybe you put up a
plaque to inform people that you're not
praising the person in the statue but
rather it's a historical thing whatever
so my role is just don't be a dick
treats you know they're it's okay to
treat people in public the way you'd
want to be treated I wouldn't want
people to just be a dick to me so I try
not to be speaking of dicks Andy Dick
comedian was attacked and severely
punched I think I think it was a fist
and he was I guess he was unconscious
for 15 minutes and when you know
straight down after a concrete sidewalk
and was hospitalized at cetera now I
once met Andy Dick I was on a TV show
called news radio and indeed dick played
a character on the show I was just a
guest the guest actor because the topic
of the show was about the Andy Dick
character on this TV show fell in love
with Dilbert comic strips and that was
sort of a theme of the show so that as
the creator of Dilbert they invited me
on to have a little party so I met Andy
Dick which is just some interesting
background for he was nice to me so I
understand he's he's got a I background
which other people had some complaints
with and maybe they're good complaints
but here's my point this is I saw the
video of the attacker and the attacker
was not provoked he walked up and
without any warning punched Andy Dick as
hard as he could or he might
something whose hand I couldn't tell
from the video and an auntie dick went
down if he was unconscious for 15
minutes as reported and hit his head on
the concrete as reported he has brain
damage
how much I don't know and nobody will
ever know but the odds the Andy dick is
the same person today that he was before
he was punch is actually low his
personality probably will change he
might have headaches forever he might he
might have lost his you know depending
on what part of the head he fell on and
what part of the brain was affected he
can have permanent brain damage uh what
I'm gonna say is that it should be the
death penalty so I'm in favor of the
death penalty for anyone who does an
unprovoked attack on somebody's head
that's you know severe enough that they
they have you know gashes and cuts and
unconsciousness and concussions and
stuff like that
I think consciously giving somebody a
concussion or attacking their head
should be the death penalty because
you've killed whoever Andy dick used to
be there will still be an Andy Dick
you'll still have a social security
number or he'll you know he'll be able
to walk around in public but that guy
killed him in all likelihood now even if
Andy Dick says you know I don't feel
like a different seems the same that's
what people say when they have brain
damage they don't always feel like
they're different but if you've ever
seen somebody before and after a severe
head injury as I had the misfortune to
experience with my late stepson they can
become very different people
so that's my thing Andy Dick if they
find your attacker I think they probably
will you know it's a world of cameras
they probably found they'll find this
guy
I wish the law allowed the death
sentence because I would be in favor in
this case same with auntie Fong
so new the newest information on Epstein
is that the guards did not make the
checks that they were supposed to make
and they may have falsified the logs and
unnamed sources New York Times is
reporting that unnamed officials say
that the guards fell asleep at some
point and did not check up on him for up
to three hours so now we have the
incompetence theory versus the elaborate
plot to kill Epstein which ones looking
better you remember the early on when
everybody was buzzing with conspiracy
theories what was the first thing they
told you I told you the odds are
incompetence because the odds are always
incompetence if the other if the other
theory is elaborate you know deep state
clever plan the elites found a way to
get to him whatever if that's the
alternative well it could happen I'm not
gonna say it couldn't happen I'm just
saying if you're comparing it to a
security guard fell asleep one of them
is really really likely the other one
not so likely let me give you some
background I have worked as a security
guard have any of you worked as a
security guard in which for long periods
of time you are the only one awake Debra
had that job where where you had to stay
awake all night and you were the only
one awake and maybe you can't play with
your phone I don't know if I don't know
if prison guards can play with their
phone do they have anything to keep them
awake or anything really to do except
walking back and forth in the hallway
that doesn't really change much let me
ask you this how many times do you think
I fell asleep during my job as an
overnight security guard at a at a hotel
resort quite a few times
the number of times I fell asleep as an
overnight security guard quite a few
times yeah quite a few times so would
you say to me what are the odds that a
professional security guard and it's
been reported that they're understaffed
so they they've worked you know 12-hour
shifts and stuff if somebody is that
exhausted and there's nobody watching
and everybody else who's even could be
awake is behind bars do you think you
might fall asleep for a few hours I
would be surprised if that's not the
normal situation I'll betcha overnight
security guards falling asleep is so
common yeah you just don't hear about it
because everybody else is asleep let me
ask you this how many times did I get
caught by my bosses literally sleeping
on the job like actually being just
flat-out asleep in my workplace how many
times did I get caught well as a
security guard zero because everybody
was asleep how many times did I get
caught literally sleeping in my cubicle
in corporate America zero how many times
did I actually take a nap in my cubicle
well I've learned to nap while sitting
straight up I could balance my neck just
right and I can just close my eyes with
my my face facing the computer but you
know the doorway to my cubicle was
behind me a lot I had a lot of really
good naps in the workplace so how common
is it for people to fall asleep when
there are security guards pretty pretty
common all right so there's an article
in The Washington Examiner which is
trying to attack the people who are at
they find people hoaxes so you know
Steve Cortez Joe Pollak and I have been
tirelessly hammering away at that hoax
the hoax that says that the president
called neo-nazis and racists fine people
now because the hoax is now sewed about
debunked I mean it really is debunk you
see the hoaxers trying to shift and
morph the argument into a different
argument that can still be right
so the central argument was who was
Trump referring to and the transcript is
crystal-clear he stated his assumptions
I'm not talking about the the racists
I'm paraphrasing here but he said it
clearly I'm not talking about the
racists I'm saying that I believe there
were people there and were just you know
good people on both sides of the statue
question that was my assumption and they
would be fine people now he stated his
assumption so even if he was wrong on
the details and by the way nobody really
looked into the details nobody really
knows who was there exactly some people
have talked to some people but we don't
really know exactly who was there and so
so instead of looking at his assumption
and saying okay well he meant to say
this and he wasn't talking about the
racist he was clear about that
worst-case scenario he had inaccurate
information about the crowd is that a
crime
well given that the other people who
have inaccurate information about the
crowd would include the entire press
almond a hundred percent of the
reporting press doesn't know who was
there that day nobody did an interview
no but nobody did a poll they were
dressed alike you know the people with
the tiki torches I think had something
in common with their look but there were
lots of other people who were just
dressed in street clothes weren't
necessarily carrying signs which side
were they on were they racist it's just
Americans in a big place how can you
possibly tell what they were thinking or
what side they were on there is sort of
milling around
etc so the weasels in this case Quinn
Hillier was a writer tries to convince
us that because the president may have
been inaccurate about the composition of
the crowd that therefore he really was
supporting white supremacists that
doesn't make any sense at all if he was
incorrect about the composition of the
crowd that means he is just like the
press that we don't know who was there
that's all it means but it doesn't mean
he was calling neo-nazis fine people
because he said I'm not talking about
the white nationalist and neo-nazis they
should be condemned
totally there's no ambiguity in that
statement and he said it yeah as part of
the statement about the you find people
on both sides now there are other people
were trying to conflate comments I think
there were day before in which he had
said there are bad people on both sides
meaning anti file in this case and the
and the tiki torch guys now the the
critics of the president are trying to
turn that into hey he's making a moral
equivalent between racists and people
protesting racists no he's making a
moral equivalent between an Tifa and the
neo-nazis do I agree with that yep
both of them are a hundred percent bad
because anti-fur supports violence
against American citizens
am I wrong they do support violence
against American citizens who have not
otherwise committed a crime neo-nazis
are neo-nazis so you don't have to
wonder if you know they're bad people
they're bad people let me say it clearly
so in my opinion once you reach the
point of completely bad your moral
equivalent if if your argument is that
one of them is you know 10 percent
batter or 40 percent batter you got some
explaining to do because both of them
we have reached 100% you know disavowal
bad moral behavior you know you if
somebody murders three people can you
say whoa-ho this person who murdered
three people in cold blood
don't compare him to this person who
killed ten you can't compare somebody
who killed three to somebody who killed
10 of course you can't they have exactly
the same moral standing zero
they're both zeros how about somebody
who committed only a rape compared to
somebody who murdered is the rape not so
bad do you say because nobody died no
they're both zero on the moral scale
completely condemnable period how about
the guy who punched Andy Dick Andy Dick
says a lot of things that people think
deserve some punchin he's not a good guy
I don't think even he he would even say
he was and he wasn't killed probably
given brain damage what's the moral
statement of the the guy who did the
punching is he not as bad as murder yes
he is he's exactly as bad as a murderer
on the moral scale now in the legal
scale we make distinctions but on the
moral scale there's no frickin
difference between the guy who punched
Andy Dick and neo-nazis there's no
difference no difference between them
and rapists murderers terrorists and
there's no frickin difference between
any of them and anti-fog because
anti-fur favors attacking citizens who
did not break the law in this country
completely commendable anyway so people
like Quinn Hillier who wrote for
Washington Examiner trying to say that
because the President may have been
wrong on the details of who was there
therefore blah blah something bad about
him now here's the thing when I read
this article I said to myself having
just written the book loser thing I said
to myself what's wrong
with Quinn Hillier is this person
intentionally just trying to fool dumb
people or does Quinn Hillier believe
that this is a valid comparison and that
that the analysis has been done in a
let's say a rational logical way because
I'm looking at it and I thought well
it's obvious he's just confused because
Trump's statement came with an
assumption of what he was talking about
that's the end of the story he said he
said who he was talking about and then
he described him and everybody would
agree with it if he was wrong on the
facts that's just a different story and
that would put him in the same category
as the New York Times and everybody else
was wrong on the facts so I googled
Quinn Hillier to find out if Quinn
Hillier had a background in any of the
analytical fields I said to myself would
a trained engineer make this kind of
logical error would a trained economist
be so poorly qualified to look at this
complicated situation how about a
mathematician
how about anybody in a technical field
how about a lawyer do you think Quinn
Hillier has a law degree so I wondered
to myself is he'll you're suffering from
loser thing meaning they're just fields
of study that I don't know if it's a he
or she
quittin can go either way but is it this
is somebody who has experience in the
fields where they would be capable of
looking at a semi complicated situation
and sorting out what mattered from what
didn't and I believe if I've got the
right person that Quinn Hillier
graduated from the Isidore Newman School
in 1982 before matriculating at
Georgetown University good school all
right so so far that's good right good
school means probably some more person
graduating graduating with a B
in government and theology in 1986
so this person's background is in
government and theology do you think
that a person with government and
theology background is capable of
examining a complicated situation and
picking out the elements which are the
important ones from the ones that are
just sort of got confused together in
their head
there's no way to read minds and we
don't know what at what other experience
Quinn has so we cannot answer the
question is this mess of bad thinking in
this article isn't intentional because
Quinn thinks you'll believe it or is it
just someone who is suffering from loser
think again not an insult it is not an
insult
to say somebody's experiencing loser
thing because it's a universal thing you
know there's there are domains in which
we all don't have experience and in that
domain you might have a blind spot okay
but that looks like let's going on I
noticed that Portland can somebody
fact-check this for me
can you fact check whether Portland is
gearing up for another battle between
anti-shah and the right wing
I saw a passing reference to that on the
internet then I lost it but is it true
that Portland somebody say yes
Portland is wrapping up now what do you
what was your impression all right so
you're hearing it maybe for the first
time from me want to you to assume what
do you feel what's your first impression
when you hear that Portland is gearing
up for a battle in the streets between
the antifa and some of them far-right
organizations unnamed here's what I say
yeah excellent
if there's anything that I could enjoy
more than watching two groups I hated
beat each other senseless with sticks I
don't know what that would be if you
said Scott quick name two organizations
you'd like to be seed beaten with sticks
in public and say well neo-nazis you
know they're not very nice
and how about auntie Fong well as luck
would have it it's the battle in
Portland it's it's being set up exactly
like a sporting event it's not a
sporting event you say well let me
describe a sporting event a sporting
event would be a scheduled event and a
certain playing field so far so far
they've scheduled it it's a is in a
field which is the street but they know
where they're gonna be or it might be a
park I don't know there are two teams
check-check two teams they wear a
uniforms
check-check
antiphon has their uniforms they the
people on the right probably will have
some identifiable kind of uniform going
on and there's their their rules are
they're not rules there are rules there
you know there's the law and then there
are the sort of the rules of social
behavior and there's an understanding
that some of them are going to start
hitting each other those are the rules
and we know that they're referees the
referees of the police the referees are
going to allow a little bit of nonsense
to happen because they probably are
incapable of stopping every little bad
behavior so the referees are gonna let
them play sort of like a basketball
referee let's let's the players get a
little more physical during the playoffs
you know there's still a little there's
fouling but they're not going to call
everyone because they want to they want
the audience to get a good show so
somebody says LARPers versus LARPers
exactly
but the degree to which this is gearing
up as a televised sporting event that's
pretty insane so here's my level of
empathy for all the people who are gonna
get the crap beat out of them even
Portland don't care is it because I lack
the mirror-neuron necessary for empathy
no it's because it's two groups that are
voluntarily going somewhere to have a
fight and they want to be in a fight
there's nobody going to this who doesn't
want to be in a fight I mean really if
you didn't want to be in a fight you
would not go to Portland on that day so
they want to have a fight I'm not the
one who's gonna stop him but I guess the
police will alright so I guess we've got
two competing stock market indicators
one says everything's gonna fall apart
the other thing the other says
everything's fine one is the spread
between the US two year and 10-year
yields on bonds now for those of you who
are not you you're not economics majors
or finance people the basic idea here is
that people are moving money out of
stocks and bonds and as people buy bonds
it changes the yield and people are
saying hey it looks like there's a flow
from the stock market into these other
investments and that's and then one
article said that it has predicted
accurately a recession every time
there's better recessions so for 50
years is been accurate every time in
predicting an economic pullback but this
is the way all these economic indicators
work there's always one that works
that's pointing in the other direction
that's never been wrong - so one of one
of these two things is going to be wrong
this time and the other one is that the
joblessness rate is great
when was the last time we had a major
economic dislocation when when there was
full employment so those two things were
sort of opposites one one is sort of a
technical indicator with the you know
the bond yield and hurting you don't
need to know the details of that but the
other one is everybody's got a job who
wants one and you know not everybody but
in an economic sense we've reached
something like full employment because
you always want a little bit of
unemployment so so there's some
flexibility going on so you probably
want my predictions or maybe you don't
but I'm gonna give you my economic
wisdom you ready
here is my economic wisdom will there be
a pullback in the stock market yes
because there always is there's always a
pullback in the market
maybe this month maybe next year maybe
in two years but will the stock market
have a serious pullback yeah always it
always does
will that be the beginning of the end
and the entire country will go to hell
well that's never happened before every
time we have a pullback good you know we
consolidate and then we go in the other
direction so will we have a pullback yes
will we be okay in the long run yes
that's what you need to know what about
this China situation apparently that's
part of what's spooking the markets
here's what's missing and I'm wondering
where where are the people talking about
this our so we've got this deal with you
know the trade deal with China it looks
like China for possibly cultural reasons
is not willing to make a fair deal which
I frankly I didn't see coming but there
are people who are more experts on China
who say that China just culturally or
whatever for whatever reason does not
recognize
our deal as being something that's
valuable rather they only try to get an
unfair deal and if they can't get an
unfair deal they'll go somewhere else
where they could get an unfair deal now
that's not crazy if you can get an
unfair deal
do it Trump will do it you'd do it I'd
do it if you can get an unfair deal do
it but if you can't get an unfair deal
you probably want to get a fair deal
because that's the best you can do but
there might be some cultural or other
obstacle that is preventing China from
making that kind of a deal maybe ever
you think about that yeah I'm not an
expert on China but it does seem that
there may be no incentive in terms of
their psychological and social makeup to
make a balanced deal with us and to the
extent that that seems clear now and I'm
not that close to the negotiations so
maybe they have a different feel but
shouldn't we be coming up with some kind
of a Marshall Plan for Central America
where we specifically target the
industries we don't want to be in China
anymore that in other words the the the
foreign companies that are operating in
China and even the Chinese companies and
and make it real easy to move to Central
America Mexico Honduras Guatemala now
I've heard the president talk about it
and say well companies or companies are
looking at Central America etc but is
that enough is that enough why can't we
just take it the next level and say look
here's a billion dollars and we're going
to use this to encourage companies to
move to Central America and we're just
gonna say let's put it this way
you know how Trump likes to walk away
from the table in order to get a deal
when you're doing this trade deal since
you can kind of drag things out with all
tariffs you you tariff me maybe we'll
talk again this year you could just sort
of drag things out forever and maybe
China has even playing for playing for
time just in case you know
just in case Trump doesn't get reelected
it would be crazy for them to make a
deal before 2020 wouldn't it China would
be crazy to make a deal with the United
States before 2020 because the next
president might be a Democrat in their
mind and that's you know that's an
opportunity for a better deal maybe and
given the stakes it would only be
sensible for them to try to stall as
long as I can so how should we respond
to a stalling play she walk away from
the table but we should not walk away
from the actual negotiating table rather
we should put a billion dollars or
whatever whatever number toward building
up the business in Central America not
only to stem immigration but to maybe
reduce shipping costs strengthen our
part of the world decrease the power
that China has over our economy and just
phase out we should walk away from the
table without walking away from the
table in other words we can keep talking
to them as long as they want because
they're in a stalling mode but you don't
want to you know stop talking to them it
doesn't work for anybody but while we're
talking and they're stalling let's just
throw a billion dollars toward
attracting the companies in China to
Central America where they belong
because they do belong there
they do belong there all right there's
one other thing I want to say about
Chris Cuomo you know we talked that
about him but it was one other thing I
wanted to say so much is being made
about his what's being called an
overreaction and I think he
characterized it the same way said he
should have been better than the people
who were taunting him I it and I'm not
gonna criticize him for his reactions I
don't know if anybody else had this
experiment this same feeling but first
of all it was just words and it didn't
look like it was going to escalate and
my you know my take on it is
he knew he was gonna keep it in words
and maybe if the guy had taken a punch
at him he would have you know turned it
into something else but I don't think
the guy was gonna make take a punch and
there were other people around there to
quickly break them up if anything came
down yeah he said he was gonna throw up
down the stairs but let's talk right
he just got called why he considered an
ethnic ethnic slur and he responded
aggressively but just talk I don't
really have a problem with anything
honestly yeah he got trolled he wishes
that hadn't happened and all that but I
for one will you know criticize him for
time to time for his you know the way he
presents Trump on the news in particular
but I just don't have a problem with him
having an aggressive verbal reaction to
to this guy
somebody says he grabbed him I don't
know if he grabbed his arm or something
that's that's nothing I don't know if
that happened but that would be
irrelevant
so I'm gonna support Chris Cuomo to the
extent that if somebody insults you in
public and you go hard at them in words
I'm fine with that
I completely find that acceptable
behavior mm not an overreaction in my
day the threat yeah you made a threat
I'm okay with that I'm okay with him
threatening violence against that guy
I'm not okay if he you know punched him
without being hit first or something I
wouldn't be okay with that but I don't
think that was gonna happen I think it
was talk to make a point and he made a
point all right I think that's about all
I was gonna talk about today
you were overriding First Amendment on
the authority of PC etiquette I don't
know what that means yeah he said I'll
throw you down a flight of stairs but it
was talk so when you say to somebody if
you keep that up I will kick your butt
it's talk until you do it so I'm okay
with that
i somebody says is acquainting the word
Fredo - the n-word acceptable here's my
rule I you may have missed it if 30
percent of Italians say that the word
Fredo used in that context because he's
Italian heritage
if 30 percent just as an example say yes
that's an ethnic slur I say okay I
accept that I don't care the 70 percent
say it's no big deal if they do I don't
know if they do it might be it might be
70/30 the other way but I don't care
there are enough people who would call
that an ethnic slur that if the person
who used it didn't mean it that way
well maybe he should you know clarify or
apologize but I'm gonna take the side
that we don't need to talk like that to
each other and it's helpful to know that
some people accept that as a ethnic slur
all right that's all I got for now I'll
talk to you later