we're going to have a
show I think let me get your comments
working
here
perfect
Perfecto well if you're listening to
this and not viewing it you don't know
that there's a Dilbert comic that's up
on the screen I hope you see
it uh and Dilbert he's training his
elbonian replacement and the boss says
to Dilbert good news after you train
your elbonian replacement I'll be
reducing payroll expenses while being
more diverse it's a twofer and dber says
will you be treating him like a slave
and the boss says oh right it's a
ther so always always up on the current
trends all right let's see if I can
change that screen back to me there we
go how goodlooking I
am well you may Wonder uh if I drink
enough coffee
will it cause a reduction in my OCD well
yes I
[Music]
will all right let's make this official
good morning everybody and welcome to
the highlight of human civilization it's
called coffee with Scott Adams and I
don't think you've ever had a better
time but if you'd like to take this
experience up to levels where they can
never understand it in Greenland and
Panama and those other places we're
going to conquer all you need for that
is a cuper muger a glass of tanker chal
ofstein a Canen Jugger flask vessel of
any kind fill it with your favorite
liquid I like coffee join me now for the
unparallel pleasure the dopamine end of
the day the thing that makes everything
better it's called the simultaneous Sip
and it happens
now exceler
well so I've got lots of tech news and a
bunch of bunch of political news uh Al
I'm going to say most of the tech news
too after the political stuff but there
a couple of cool things uh CES the the
technology show is happening right now
for 2025 and one of the things that's
being introduced is a 3D
projector now not the kind that projects
on a flat screen and it gives it you
know the appearance of being 3D it
actually creates the 3D holograph and
can put it on your table and have a
dance in front of
you now I don't know if they can do it
with photo realistic stuff they did it
with an animation so you look at the
table and and sitting on the
table apparently is a little character
that's dancing right in front of you in
uh as a 3D object kind of amazing I
didn't think that was going to
come well I did a little uh deeper dive
on Quantum Computing because I was
trying to understand I've told you this
before uh when I hear people explain how
it works or why it works it sounds like
word salad and I thought to myself H I
guess maybe it's because I don't have
the technology background but if I did
I'd understand that word salad and I
went deeper and deeper and I'm I'm quite
sure that nobody knows why it works
I'm fairly positive and you've heard
things like I think Joe Rogan said this
the other
day the quantum Computing works because
it accesses the Infinity of other
dimensions nothing like that's happening
there there's nothing like accessing
other
dimensions that's not happening uh we
don't know what is happening but there's
no indication it's accessing another
dimension if there is one what is it
even so the the things they say are
things like well you know the this
probability wave uh interferes with
another one and between the two of them
they can predict the future without
using any logic or any
calculation they just see the
future and and that future they see
could be like the solution to a
difficult you know uh problem like a
math problem or and I say to
myself really you just interfere a
couple of probabilities and then you can
see the
future so what Quantum Computing
is alleging to do is literally see the
future or or to peer into the past I
guess too none of this is really
possible as far as I know so I thought
to myself it must be me right there just
because I don't understand the field and
I've now seen two experts who do
understand it kind of suggest that
nobody understands it and we don't know
if it could ever even be commercial in a
in a big way I mean it might have some
Niche you know specific things it can do
but it's never going to be a general
computer um so forget about having your
own quantum computer it doesn't look
like that's going to happen but Nvidia
just created a three 3,000 personal AI
supercomputer and it's uh it's only this
little
box which if you wanted to work on AI if
if I understand it right it would be
like a um a data center in a tiny little
box so if you were working with AI
instead of having to access a data
center you can access this little box on
your desk and apparently you have like
full AI
capability so I don't know the ins and
outs and the pluses and minuses of doing
that versus having access to the uh
actual full data center but it's got 200
billion parameters and it looks like a
big deal and then they also they also
have a secret chip that's going to go in
humanoid
robots so uh with all those new
introductions I guess the stock for
NVIDIA would
be and it's
down I don't know maybe people expected
more seemed pretty impressive to me I
think Nvidia is over worth well over3
trillion dollar now and you know they're
they're talking about things that looks
like it would have a big impact on
Tesla because um if they put these
humanoid chips and
robots does Tesla buy some of those
chips or do they have their own chips
for the robots so I don't know who's
smart enough to know if any of these
Nvidia things have any impact on Tesla's
future but I don't know we'll see um in
the guardian they're saying that virtual
employees could come this year in other
words a a AI agent that can take
instructions and act like a person and
get things done I'm GNA go contrary I'm
going to say it won't happen and that's
based on my experience where I tried to
create over the summer I tried a lot I I
worked pretty hard on it trying to
create a
AI agent that could just answer some
questions on my dilbert.com web page and
what I learned is it doesn't look like
it's possible and here's the problem
with the current
AI which which would be different from
the future versions which are AGI but
the one that uses a large language model
and just use patterns it can't answer
the questions reliably because it
hallucinates and you can't stop it and
even if you have a database and you say
AI uh do you see this database yes I can
read it can you tell me something that's
on the page yes here it is you go okay
you can definitely read the data here's
my instructions when I ask you a
question only look at this database
which is just a document and and only
answer from that okay got it and then
you ask a question it'll just make
something up without even looking at the
document
so that was UN commercial
product there was actually a launched
commercial product that as far as I can
tell doesn't work and I don't think
there was any competitor so there was
nobody who had figured out how to make
it stop hallucinating and as far as I
know it might not be
possible because the large language
models don't just follow rules they've
got a whole different you know mechanism
I don't think you could make that
reliable I think bi its nature it's
unreliable and I don't know that you
could tweak it fix it patch it I don't
think you can get there from here so
that's why they need the AGI that would
be a whole different technology that we
haven't seen yet I don't think it's
invented but I guess they Sam mman
thinks are getting close and it could
happen pretty soon um but I'm going to
go contrarian and say the current AI is
not going to create an employee that you
can rely
on uh so I'm contrarian there all right
so there were at least two things that
were fake news that I reposted yesterday
without knowing there were fake
news now how much worse is this going to
get how many times am I going to get
fooled by something that really looks
real
um it didn't make much difference one of
them was um a parody that showed a
company that would be the reconstituted
Enron creating a nuclear egg
you know something you could hold in
your arms there would be a nuclear power
plant for your personal home it was just
like a big egg and the commercial for it
was really well done it had
specifications and how to use it and
everything uh but it was
parody it wasn't labeled clearly parody
though so I looked at it and I'm looking
for the parody part I didn't I didn't
see parody so I reposted it thought but
I asked at least I was at least I was
aware enough to say is this real when I
reposted it but if it was real it' be a
big deal it wasn't real it's not
real so I think that they
cheated um the rules on X is that it
must be clearly labeled it was labeled
but I think the whole clearly part you
maybe is in question meanwhile there's a
new study according to just the news
Stephen Richards is writing that new
study says that Tik Tok suppresses
anti-china
content so it has both anti and
pro-china content but it suppresses the
anti and promotes the other now is there
anybody you know who's been telling you
this for
years is there anybody who said uh uh
you know the that China is got their
finger on this and there's no way that
this is all you know
objective I I talked to a Tik Tock user
the other day and I I mentioned it was
going to be you know it would be banned
unless an American buys it and and I
said it's because you know it could be
persuasive in a way we don't like and
the person I talk to said but you don't
understand you don't use Tik Tok if you
did you know that I see both sides of
every story and I said do you how do you
know well because I see both sides sides
now I think that's true I think both
sides of every story are in fact on Tik
Tok but the problem is which one do you
see the most and who sees
it and as I explained to the Tik Tok
user who she'll remain
anonymous I said uh what if what if
there are some people using Tik Tok that
Tik Tok can tell for sure they cannot be
influenced meaning that you're a hard
Democrat or you're hard Republican
you're not going anywhere but do you
think that Tik Tok can identify people
who are on the fence cuz everything
depends on the people on the fence The
Independents do you think it can
identify an independent and if it did do
you think the independent would get
exactly as
much you know content as you're
seeing so the thing is that you can't
tell if persuasion is happening you just
see what you see and if the only thing
you knows that you're seeing both sides
you don't know if you're the person
they're trying to influence and maybe
you're not so maybe you're just seeing
regular content but uh there's no way
that they're going to keep their finger
off the button if it's so easy to move
the you know persuasion needle so anyway
this it's not peer reviewed yet but it
will be so maybe it's not valid we'll
see what the peer review says but I
think it's just so
obvious you know you could have just
asked me you didn't have have to do the
study do you think China will use this
to influence the
world
duh
duh so China did make a weapon of mass
persuasion and uh Kevin o seems to be
one of the people who part of a group
looking to buy it so it would stay Tik
Tock could stay in business but become
an American thing with American data and
American control I don't know if that's
going to happen but we'll
see all right
um oh so the Washington Post is
reporting uh according to the New York
Post is reporting about the Washington
Post um that Trump uh is talking about
scaling back his tariff
threats and making them more about
specific Industries instead of making
them broad now here's my
question why is the Washington Post
working against the interests of the
United
States 100% of the people watching the
story know that Trump is using tariffs
for negotiation everybody knows it do
you think the Washington Post doesn't
know that he's using it for
negotiations so the main thing that you
do if you're negotiating is you come in
with your hardest offer you know the the
toughest one so that you can negotiate
from that should you need to
so Trump has been consistent oh yeah
we're we're going to tariff everything
from Canada if we have to or everything
from China I don't know if he says that
but but he acts like the Tariff is just
going to be wonderful and great and good
for the country and and then the smart
people say but but it's like he doesn't
understand tariffs he doesn't know that
the American company pays for it not the
you know not the foreign company
shipping in to which I say settle down
it's for negotiating
he doesn't have to he doesn't have to
say your version in order for this to
work he has to
pretend I'll say pretend that he wants
tariffs so badly and they're so good
that the more tariffs he has the happier
he's going to be and then go into the
negotiation but the Washington Post is
trying to kneecap him they they're
broadcasting to the world that he
doesn't mean his his starting
position what are they trying to
accomplish
is that just trying to ruin the country
are they just is just an anti-American
entity and they they decide what to
write about based on how bad it is for
America now I don't think that's the
case but it looks like it why why does
it look like it I guess they they want
to attack Trump in any way they can so
there's still a resistance publication
they're nowhere near the middle and they
think this is somehow what what
advancing the interests of who who and
then of course you have to ask the
question what would tariffs do to
amazon.com probably not good for
business so this is a kind of reporting
that um even though it's uh I'm sure
it's accurate I don't think it's
inaccurate but this is the sort of thing
you should brush over as in some people
say that you know it's a negotiating
position that's not telling anybody
anything but if you say it's a
negotiating position and he's already
saying that he's not going to stick with
it well that's not reporting that's just
ruining his negotiating position that's
like getting in the story so very
unhappy about that well yesterday the
Democrats um who have been saying for
eight years that Trump is Hiller uh they
were quite proud of their peaceful
transfer of power to Hiller
do you think that anybody in their base
has noticed that they called him Hitler
for eight years said he's the biggest
risk to America and then they're acting
proud that they rolled over and gave him
the win to protect
democracy that's right the Democrat
message is Trump is Hitler and we're
going to protect democracy by peacefully
putting him into power
um does anybody on their side see
that is it just us are we the only ones
who see that nothing they did makes
sense
unless unless the primary thing they've
been telling you for eight years was
known to be a lie when they said it
which is the case obviously it was a
lie
unbelievable just
unbelievable then Biden is going to
release 11 yemeni detainees from guano
moay in other words people with
suspected terrorist Tendencies two of
them were I think uh Osama Bin Laden's
bodyguards but the Biden Administration
is assuring us that they've been either
rehabilitated or vetted and checked down
and they just want to send them to
Oman to which I say om man
how is that a good idea now if he said
we're just doing it to save money then
at least I could say well seems like a
dangerous thing but at least it say his
money but they're not really saying
that does this it looks like a
prank it it looks like somebody sat down
and say all right what's the worst thing
we could do well let's let's do
something that's just like so
indefensible that it'll just be
funny like why is it that his actual
policies are indistinguishable from what
I would call a practical
joke like that would be a good practical
joke oh we're going to free a bunch of
terrorists
why it's just the power the president
has I I know but but
why well we're going to release 11 them
to Oman but
why well we checked them out and uh you
know we think this is a good play but
what do you know that we don't
know unless you've put internal bombs in
them so they blow up when they reach
Oman how is this good for
America it's it's it looks like a joke
meanwhile CNN's Harry enton um did a
survey and asked people what their
biggest memories of trump were from
prior Administration
and apparently the January 6 event um
only 5% of the people surveyed said that
was their biggest memory of trump now
this poll is
ridiculous so if you thought oh that's
telling me something the whole world has
moved on
no the question was you know what's the
first thing you remember and Trump is
somebody who reminds you of a hundred
things so if you ask a poll and you say
What's the the biggest one and they
don't pick January 6 I don't think that
means they don't care about it I mean I
don't think people do care about it that
much but I don't think this poll is
useful what's interesting is that CNN
would feature
it because it it has the it I I think
it's a you know biased absurd poll with
no no credibility whatsoever but it's on
CNN and it's unambiguously Pro Trump
meaning that the country doesn't care
about the thing that they've been
reporting on for a for what four years
the country doesn't care was CNN's
reporting which would be consistent with
their you know decline in
ratings so forget about the accuracy of
the poll just look at the fact that it
was on CNN at all that's kind of
interesting apparently speaking of
pranking the Biden Department of Justice
is going to bring 200 more uh people up
on charges for January 6
and not this January 6 you know the
original now the Gateway pundits
reporting this why in the world would
they do
that don't they know that they're just
going to be granted clemency or pardon
like it just again this one looks like
okay that's a prank right that like
you're not serious are you you're you're
actually going to charge 200 more spend
all that money and all that time to ruin
their lives when you know they're going
to be
released how in the world does that make
sense like none of it looks real it just
doesn't look like real people made these
decisions it looks like a bad dream or a
prank or practical joke or
something well one of the big fun
stories today is that Mark Zuckerberg
did a video in which he says he's quite
radically going to change how Facebook
um sleta
is
censoring and he seems to have gone to
full
Trump um he said that the Trump election
was sort of a cultural pivot
point so he starts out by saying
directly that the mood of the country is
very clearly you know magal looking and
that he wants to adapt to it now these
are my words not his exact words but
very clearly he was saying you know we
live in a in a world in which Trump won
the
majority and Facebook would be better
off as a company if it started to be
more compatible with that point of view
now that point of view is less
censorship and you know better processes
for the censorship so he described what
he's going to do which is remarkable now
as I'm talking about this I know exactly
what you're going to be thinking you're
going to say to me Scott but what about
all the terrible terrible things he did
in the past with Facebook you know
Banning people and censoring and all
that those are true things that I don't
care about because I don't live in the
past if I lived in the past I would care
about it now you might say but but Scott
what took him so long to which I say
everything good takes too long I'm not
going to judge him for taking too long
I'm going to be happy if it's a good
idea so I think and I I'll tell you more
details but I think he is right on point
it's one of the most brilliant CEO moves
you'll ever see he is so smart and again
I know that you're going to say but but
I'm so mad at him I can't get over it I
get it I get it you don't like what he
did in the past and I'm not defending it
I'm just saying that the moves he's
making now probably are exactly what he
says and they're good listen to this
um he's going to get rid of fact
checking he's going to get rid of the
fact Checkers because they're biased
what does that sound like that's Mega
that's that's pure Mega the fact
Checkers are fake and you have to get so
he's getting rid of them do you know
what he's going to replace fact checking
with he's going to copy Community notes
from X and he says that's what he's
going to do I'm going to basically copy
X and use Community notes because it
works
so musk went first Community notes is
quite successful I would say
and um Zuckerberg noticed and so he's
copying now it's not easy to be a social
media Network and say um you see my kind
of a competitor I'm just going to copy
that because it was a good
idea that that's what Zuckerberg can do
like it's just brilliant but there's
more
um they're going to get rid of the
automated sensoring and only consider
sensing some situations where somebody's
being reported so there'll still be
things censored you know the the worst
violent stuff you know the usual stuff
but uh it won't be automated you'll have
to report it
now do you approve of that yes you do
because you want humans to decide
whether humans can can or cannot do so
you don't want the algorithm deciding so
yeah that's good
um he says explicitly that the new
process is going to let a lot more
inappropriate stuff on the platform but
that the principle of free speech is
more important do you have a problem
with that no that's that's America he
just described a perfect Mega opinion
about Free Speech it's messy it's
violent sometimes it's dangerous but
it's free speech and the alternative is
worse
now here's the one that will blow your
mind the the moderation the human
moderators apparently they're they're in
California what's going to happen if
your moderators live in California well
it's all going to be liberal opinions of
what should be allowed and what should
not so here's what he's
doing he's moving the moderation from
California to
Texas let that sink in for a moment he's
moving the moderation from California
because they're too biased to
Texas does that sound like
magga
yeah it sounds like exactly what you
would have done it's exactly what you
would have done you would have moved it
to
Texas and he says he's going to this is
this might be the the real money shot
here he says he's going to work with
Trump um to i' say influence or pressure
other countries to not um try to put
Facebook meta and a
business
and that's smart so he's completely
aware that he needs the Trump
Administration and the government of the
United States to back him and and
threaten other countries say look if
you're going to censor us over there and
that hasn't impact on our American
company we're going to terar you or
we're going to you know stop prot
protecting you or something
so I love
this um so other some other countries
probably had back doors and everything
else and you want to get rid of that I
think
so a lot of people said is Zuckerberg
just chasing the money and and this is
not his own philosophical opinion he's
just knows he has to do it to chase
money to which I say
so so well what why is that bad he's the
head of a major uh commercial Enterprise
he's not allowed to chase
money chasing money means being
compatible with the country you're
serving so I don't care I don't care if
that's his only motivation if it's his
only motivation and he can clearly say
that getting out of that censorship
business is good for business working
with Trump productively is good for
business um supporting systems that
would give you more free speech is good
for business if the only thing he wanted
to do is make money I would say good job
excellent that you you nailed it if you
just want to make money I'm completely
supportive of that now some of you might
say but but Scott it's a trick because
he did all those things in the past to
buy us a
system it's pretty transparent he's
either going to do these things he said
or he's not I mean that moderation will
either move to Texas or it won't you
know the the automated the automated
system will either catch things or it
won't we can watch it's all transparent
I I think it's
brilliant because he was in a tough
place and I think he's completely
cognizant of the way Facebook and maybe
even his personal donations to try to
fix the elections uh fix as in improve
um he probably knows that that was a
huge mistake and that it distorted the
system in a way that the syst system
wasn't built to be distorted so to me it
looks like he thought he was doing the
right thing and thought he was working
with the government of the time
productively as he saw it I guess and
now he knows that those are all mistakes
and so he's doing a really hard pivot
hard as in it's hard to explain it it's
hard
to you know especially to his own
company imagine imagine how much trouble
he's getting from his own employees
today do you know how hard that would be
to go against all your liberal employees
and just do a pure mega version of of
the
service now when I say pure magga I want
to be really careful with my words he's
not saying I want to be right-wing when
I say pure magga I mean just compatible
with the Constitution and that's it it
just we just want free speech so if he
gives us that pretty happy we'll see I
mean I agree with you that the jury's
out he he has to perform but everything
about his history suggest he knows how
to
perform all right so all
good Wall Street Journal is talking
about the success of Robbie Starbuck and
I guess he's got a staff of people who
are who have got now how many 15 public
companies to change or abandon their Dei
and lgbtq
policies and what's interesting about
this is you already knew Robbie Starbuck
was having a lot of success there what's
different is that it's now a big article
in the Wall Street
Journal do you know how big that
is like every major
corporation has somebody paying
attention to the Wall Street Journal so
it's one thing when you know Robbie
Starbuck is bragging on X that things
are working and he has a right to brag
by the way he's doing amazing work um
but once it's in the Wall Street Journal
that's the thing that every business has
to pay attention to you can't ignore the
Wall Street Journal if you're in a
business so it kind of It kind of raised
Starbucks profile and it raised it in
the context of he's winning like
crazy that's how you want to be
elevated because if he's winning like
crazy and it's creating the uh creating
a pattern in your brain that these big
corporations that you figure is are no
dumber than you are are making this
change then the 16th 17th and 18th
corporation that he talks to he's going
to say I got 15 in a row do you think
that's an
accident no because if you say
no uh the Wall Street Journal has
already lifted my you know my visibility
people like me with big accounts are uh
backing him hard um we're in trouble so
he is so he's very very cleverly
assembled a set of supporters on X that
are enormous you know just big accounts
who are willing to say yeah do more of
that so he he isn't using uh his own
power he's doing such good work on
behalf of people who have big accounts
in the rest of the country I would say
that uh we want to back him we want to
see more of it so he's he's built a
perfect little machine to R over the the
Dei excesses perfect it's all good news
Well you want me to talk about Don Jr uh
recently just landed in Greenland maybe
an hour ago and um it does seem that
this trip he's with Charlie Kirk and
some few other people and it does seem
that the intention of the trip is to set
the ground workor for a deal to buy it
that's like a real thing and
this again I I hate to be gushing about
smart people doing smart things but can
you even think of a smarter way for
Trump to approach this than to have Don
Jr of all people of all people Don Jr
visit personally and interact with the
residents now have you seen the early
pictures the residents of
Greenland are pretty happy that Don Jr's
there now for one thing they probably
don't get a lot of you know celebrity
excitement so they got that going for
them but they don't seem like
liberals I don't know much about
Greenland but you know from the little
bit I've seen they seem like working
class people who want to be left alone
does that sound like anything you've
heard of before Working Class People who
just want the government to leave them
alone I've got a feeling that there's a
lot of smartness behind
Trump's idea of buying Greenland that he
might know that the population is just
ready to
be um
seduced and if if Trump himself went
there you would agree that would be the
wrong move
right at this point he's not even sworn
in so it would it would definitely be
the wrong move for Trump himself to go
but who would be more
perfect to basically seduce the the the
blue color color people who probably
like outdoorsy things they're probably
just like Don Jr it's probably just a
bunch of Greenland Don jors and he lands
in the middle of it and I think he's
here's what I think he's going to
do first of all he takes this wild idea
and he turns it concrete because there's
a real person who really matters who's
really there like it's not conceptual so
Trump has already turned it from
conceptual to its
underway it's amazing the the the level
of his
persuasive um instincts are just crazy I
mean I've never seen anything this good
honestly so I ask you again is there
anybody on the planet who would have
been a better choice to send to
Greenland today answer no best one on
the planet for what I for what the
intention is um is it likely that Don Jr
will touch a lot of people meaning that
a lot of people will know he's there see
him interact with him yes there are only
56,000 people in the whole country of
Greenland my my little town is twice
that
size he's going to be able to reach
touch have some impact on a healthy
little chunk of that and it's probably
enough to make them all get serious
about it now I think that the only thing
required for Greenland to say yes is for
the Greenland people to feel good about
Trump how are you going to feel when he
sends his son out to hang out with you
you're going to feel good about it
you're going to feel like oh this this
Don Jr is like a regular guy Don Jr does
the best job of being a rich guy acting
like a regular guy now I don't think
he's acting exactly I I think that's his
actual personality um he's perfect for
this job just perfect I love everything
about this anyway um let's talk about
these other
countries um oh and just one last thing
about Greenland I'm sure it would be
good for Denmark to sell Greenland
because they can't afford to protect it
and it will be important to protect it
going forward because the because the
ice melting above it and Russia and
China are going to be having their ships
around there and it's got resources that
people care about you know Rare Earth
material minerals Etc
so Denmark would not want to admit it
because you know they'd rather stay in a
negotiating mode and say no no there's
no way we'd ever sell this but they
would be better off I don't think
they're getting a lot of uh
International Prestige for being
colonizers of
Greenland are do they do the people in
Denmark wake up and say ah feel good
about my country because of our control
of Greenland there's nothing in it for
Greenland except expense yeah they're
just paying for what's there so it's
good it's good for Denmark it's probably
good for
Greenland almost certainly and it could
be good for the United States and
definitely good for
Canada to have us protecting on both
sides so that would put Canada between
Greenland and
Alaska if you can if you can tell me
that there would be a safer place on
Earth than being between our you know
two assets of the United States it's a
pretty good situation so I don't know if
the deal is going to happen but it is in
everyone's interest somewhat
unambiguously like clearly obviously in
everybody's interest I think he's going
to get it done I think this will be
amazing um meanwhile Trump also has
talks about Canada becoming a state and
he keeps he keeps joking about it but
not really
um which is fascinating now here's what
I think you know it it sounded like just
a you know a trumpian joke to make fun
of Trudeau for being like a governor
instead of a leader of the country but
given what's happening in Canada I don't
think we I don't think the United States
can take a chance that a calipat forms
on our northern border and that's what's
happening now you might say Scott Scott
there are so few uh Muslims in Canada
that's you're crazy to which I say
that's how it happens it happens with
too few that's that's the whole way it
happens you have too few and then you
say well a few more wouldn't matter few
more well no problem so far so why not
have a few more and so far no problem
stop being racist let's get a few more
as some point when you reach around 10%
of the population the radicals Within
that group will come to control the
moderates because radicals are willing
to die for what they want the moderates
are not they're just trying to get along
so that the the most extreme people in
any group tend to rise to control of it
right it's just natural it's has nothing
to do with Islam it's just the Natural
Way anything works the the most the
people are willing to die for it
literally are going to be in
charge um or die trying so I don't think
we can take a chance that Canada is
heading really hard toward getting that
10% population which could easily turn
into the seeds of a caliphate and we
could have we could have an Islamic
country in our northern border that's no
good because of the compatibility with
the systems
so so
um the other thing is that if you put
into the mix that you might want to buy
can Canada or have them merge with us I
guess not buy it it makes the Greenland
thing seem more
normal you know somebody was pointing
out that that Trump is ruining the uh
what is it the Overton window or
something uh so he's got so many things
going on that you don't know where to
stop to criticize them you're you're
just like whipped from one topic to
another so I love the fact that you Sim
simultaneously talking about uh Panama
Canal Canada and Greenland
it that's just so trumpy and perfect to
be talking about all of them at the same
time it's very strategically smart
because even if he just wants one of
them to happen or two of them it's good
to throw Canada in the mix so as you
know Trudeau is stepping down I saw it
um eventually he announced it and I saw
um Scott Jennings the Republican guy
that they have on CNN who does a great
job
and he said that the the removal or the
leaving or the quitting of uh
Trudeau uh you could draw a direct line
from the Canadian truckers
situation do you think that's true do
you think that the evil that he put on
the Canadian truckers for protesting you
know canceling their Banking and you
know just my god do you think that that
was sort of the the thing that pushed
Canada over the line and even eventually
led to Trudeau having to step
down do you think there is a straight
line I think there is obviously it took
more than that but yeah I I think the
the trucker kind of got it done so
congratulations Canadian truckers
BJ um Take a
Bow I know he's listening all right
um so should we talk about Elon Musk
angering Canada or angering
Britain or uh let's see angering Germany
or angering France where would you like
me to
start so after Elon Musk becomes the you
know determinant factor maybe for why
Trump gets elected he seems to change
you know change his Focus or for at
least some of his time on other
countries
and so let's just run through the list
of who who is made mad
recently um so up in Canada there's a
report we don't know if it's true some
musk asked for a fact check on it but uh
allegedly some islamists in Canada are
holding a uh conference which again is
not confirmed it's just being reported
uh on how to defeat All non-muslim
Nations and create a global
caliphate now they're pretty far away
from having enough power to do that sort
of thing but the way it starts is with a
first meeting to talk about it so so
elon's looking at that with a one
eyebrow up like the rest of us should
be
um and of course he's accused of
racism so so Canada has the that problem
that we've kind of solved in the United
States and I'll call it the Andrew
Breitbart solution
it goes like this you wanting to close
the border you're a racist you're racist
you're
racist and then as Andrew Breitbart
teaches you say
so well but you're racist you're racist
you're
racist
so yeah and I don't think that's
literally what's happening but and I
don't think that anybody wants to be a
racist and they're not they're not
they're racist they're just not
interested in your
opinion that's the win the win is to not
be interested
so yeah yep yep that's true so but
Canada still thinks that if they
complain about somebody being a racist
that that the person they complain about
will have to change their ways and
apologize and get in
line to which Elon Musk does not say but
may indeed be thinking
so that's what that's what Canada needs
just two letters so yeah yeah that this
would be terribly bad for one
group everything is
so you'll get
there um the other fake news that I sent
around yesterday accidentally was a
video of Trudeau resigning uh in a bar
watching it and as it happened the bar
erupted in Wild cheers that that was
actually a fake video the bar was real
but they were reacting to a sporting
event but somebody put Trudeau on the TV
screen and it made it look like they
were they were celebrating his his
stepping down but that was fake news
um all right so you think things are bad
in the
UK If I had to describe to you how bad
things are going in the UK what would be
the fewest words that I could use to
describe how bad it is over there well
I'll see if I can do it the fewest words
to describe how bad things are in the UK
all right how I'm going to go with this
Andrew Tate's running for prime
minister um anything else you need to
know but it gets better now first of all
I do know that you don't run for prime
minister so before you jump in and say
Scott you don't understand the system
they you know the prime minister is
selected by the other elected people to
be their leader blah blah blah I don't
care he he says he's running for prime
minister which presumably he knows he
needs to get into the government and
then be part of a party that has enough
support to make him the prime minister
so I'm not worried about the details now
uh Andrew Tate is serious you serious
about it now but he also says whether he
wins or loses he can sort of force the
conversation to be about the things they
need to talk about and he can bring
attention to the worst parts of their
system and he can now I'm going to say
something that will shock you because
you're not going to be ready for this
remember in 2015 when I was the one of
the first people in the country besides
you know Anne Coulter to say that uh you
don't understand Trump's like not like
normal people he has this persuasion
skill stack that will eviscerate
anything he comes in contact with that
challenges him until he has hollowed out
the Republican party and become
president now of course everybody
laughed at me and said you're so stupid
because he's just a crazy clown and he
doesn't have any government experience
so I can tell you one thing a crazy
clown with oh oh and he also has like
lots of you know scandals like probably
did things with women that you don't
like does that sound familiar well you
may know that there was some press
coverage that Andrew Tate had um at
least for some number of years I don't
know if he's still does uh an actual
hypnotist who was in his inner circle an
actual
hypnotist like not somebody who just
read up on
it when you saw his popularity rise did
it seem to you like it was
unnatural like how in the world did he
pull that off and become like the the
number one thing on a lot of uh internet
and the answer is he he has the talent
stack now you don't have to like him I
don't like him right so you might know I
have a little history with him and we're
not friends I don't endorse him I don't
think I want him to be the Prime
Minister of Great
Britain but nonetheless if you were
looking at it as just a
talent a talent story does he have the
talent to break through the system and
the answer is yes the answer is yes
because he has the ability to mobilize
males and if he gets enough of them he's
just Trump it's a trump strategy the the
men in Great Britain are completely
underserved and know it they just don't
have any politician who's willing to say
men you're underserved
let's change that if Andrew Tate gets
enough traction that the men of Great
Britain hear him say that or some
version of men you're completely
underserved I'm going to help you
protect the country I know you want to
but the government's preventing you now
we're going to protect the country we're
going to keep out you know the bad
elements Etc now I'm assuming and you
know get rid of the grooming gangs and
stuff like that now what's interesting
is that t allegedly is converted to
Islam
so is it possible he would get some
Muslim
support as long as he's said some
version of you know I'm Muslim too but
you guys are crazy you know we're not
going to make a caliphate that's crazy
I'm going to prevent you from trying to
form a caliphate I'm going to prevent
you from trying to create your own
Society within England I'm going to stop
it and I'm one of you I'm one you and
I'm going to stop
it that'd be pretty strong right you
know Trump went from Democrat to
Republican is it a stretch that take
went to Islam and then he could control
not control but he would be influential
potentially with other Islamic citizens
and with men we already know he has a
superow because men kind of like his you
know audacious they like the whole Act
so here's the thing I'm going to warn
you about I wouldn't bet that he will
become prominent in um the UK political
system I would bet against it I would
bet against
it however if you think it's crazy or
you think he doesn't have the talent
you're wrong he has the talent he does
have the talent he has the talent to to
just hollow out their entire government
and wear it like a suit
like Trump did exactly like Trump did so
if you don't think there's a path
there's a path there's a path I would
bet against it but there's a
path
um all right the only the only defense
that they could have against his
persuasive abilities would be the legal
system just put them in jail and of
course control of the media so the media
never gives him any attention so that
might work I don't know if it's
enough didn't work in
America
um let's see uh so so musk did a poll on
X he said uh you wanted to response to
this America should Liberate the people
of Britain from their tyrannical
government 58% people said
yes I have no idea how serious he is
about that I don't think it's serious I
I think he's just you sort of making a
point and trolling them a little bit uh
but but now the UK prime minister that
care Kier starmer who needs a name I can
pronounce I demand he changed his name
uh is accusing musk of spreading
misinformation blah blah blah they're
all mad and then other countries like uh
France so macron and France
um is uh complaining that uh musk is
interfering with other
countries so what did musk say when
macron um said in public that musk was
interfering with other countries musk
says oh like the time Stormer called uh
real Donald Trump a racist and said the
British government should do everything
to stop
him that
happened good point or how about when
Storer sent British labor party members
to campaign in the US against President
Trump was that
interfering and those aren't even the
good ones you want a good one have you
heard of something called the steel
dossier where an ex intelligence person
from the UK came up with this whole fake
thing yeah an X intelligence person from
the UK there's no X intelligence
people that was just the Great Britain
interfering with with the United States
that's what that
was
um and then my funniest
part was this a a British politician
named ed Davy he went on X to speak his
mind he said quote people have had
enough of Elon Musk interfering with our
country's democracy when he clearly
knows nothing about
Britain it's time to summon the US
ambassador to ask why an incoming Us
official is suggesting the UK government
should be
overthrown
um so there's nothing
funnier than a person saying that Elon
Musk doesn't understand their
complicated
situation because you know that not
that's not been his
domain to which I
say really Elon
Musk doesn't understand a complicated
thing and doesn't have the ability to
get up to speed really quickly cuz I
mean how could
he come
on listen to Jordan Peterson's book I
probably won't all right so nothing's
funnier than telling Elon Musk he can't
handle a complicated situation and Elon
said in response said what exactly do I
fail to understand about your failure to
stop the Mass rape of little girls in
Britain you sniveling
cron
okay that covers it no nothing else to
say but but the audacity of the
sniveling creedon Ed Davy to imagine
that his world is the complicated kind
that somebody who somebody like Elon
Musk could possibly understand like oh
well we don't understand the
complications of why you're allowing
these horrific crimes yeah maybe he
doesn't know the
Nuance I swear every time somebody says
that Elon Musk is dumb or doesn't
understand something I just shake my
head it's like have you watched anything
he's done for the last 30
years anyway it's literally all he does
the reason he's world famous is he
enters domains in which he knows nothing
about and almost immediately is the best
one in the domain like that's literally
what he does all right um and uh car
starmer said he's considering cutting
ties with the US unless Donald Trump
distan himself from Elon Musk to which I
say it's about time yeah why why don't
we cut our diplomatic um cut our
diplomatic ties I'm totally okay with
that I I I think if if the UK is really
threatening free speech in America in
America and Elon is in America and he
has free speech if they're going to
attack United States because of free
speech of anybody doesn't matter if he's
part of the government elected not
elected advisor citizen recent you know
recent citizen it doesn't matter he gets
to say anything he wants you know within
within certain decency standards um so
now if Great Britain is trying to
squelch the free speech of anybody in
America we should cut
ties we've done it
before yeah we should cut
ties um then of course mus is uh has
been advocating I think for the what
they call the farri alternative party in
Germany the afd now the story part of
the story you need to understand is that
when musk says the quote far right party
in Germany is is the one that would do a
better job it's not far
right so that's just something the news
says if you looked at their far right it
would sort of look like Maga you know
that that's my understanding now uh
unlike Elon I don't know a lot about
Germany so I'm not going to pretend to
but uh I don't think it's true that
there's some kind of extremist group I
do think maybe they had something in
their past like that but remember the
Democrats have the KKK in their past but
if you hold it against them today that
would be just stupid and I see people
doing it and I I just always bristle
when I see that it's like that was a
long time ago if they're not currently
if they're not currently supporting the
KKK and they couldn't be further from it
then it doesn't really matter what they
did in the
past all right then there's a let's see
um uh he's so Emanuel macron is directly
accusing musk of interfering with
elections including
Germany and I guess that's all I need to
say about that one um meanwhile you
heard that uh we've already talked about
this Biden banned offshore oil drilling
before he leaves office and only in
certain places that there isn't a lot of
drilling right now um so I don't know
how big a deal it is in the in the real
world but uh
it looks like he was just trying to
kneecap Trump so Trump couldn't allow
drilling there um but here's the weird
part all the experts are saying it's
it's
irreversible that Trump doesn't have any
way to back out of it and has to do with
h a previous Court ruling called Chevron
deference I'm going to get all this
wrong because this is you know not my
expertise the law but as best I
understand it there was some prior
situation that went to the Supreme Court
in which an agency of the government had
made a ruling that we should do
something this way and somebody else
said no you can't do it that way we're
going to stop you or reverse it and then
the Supreme Court said we're not going
to reverse an agency's
opinion unless you've got a really
strong reason that that is beyond just
we have a different
opinion and so as long as it's just a
difference of opinion of how things
should be and nothing more than that the
courts won't touch it based on precedent
now so that would suggest that the
ruling is made if Trump wanted to
overturn it you imagine the courts would
be involved but the smart people say but
you won't win and and it could take
years to to get through but here's my
take nothing's your reever there's
nothing that you can't cancel in reverse
that that's not a thing it might be that
it's hard it might be that somebody
didn't yet figure out how to do it it
might be that you have to be messy and
you know take some hits to get it done
it might be that you have to do
something that's never been done maybe
you have to you know take some
penalties but I think you can reverse
anything that's a decision that the
country
made so I'll just give you some examples
so if um
if the reason it's staying is because an
agency is ruled on it then Trump simply
has to give a better reason that's not
just better opinion but like really
overwhelmingly you know unique situation
this really needs to be
reversed he could probably do
that I don't know could probably come up
with an argument of why it needs to be
reversed but it might take a few years
to do it so I don't even know if it's
worth doing but um we'll see
um Trump did say he would reverse all
the executive orders from Biden but we
wonder if that one's going to be an
exception because if he reverses the
executive order the courts won't accept
it so we'll see um Wall Street Journal
is reporting how Iran has pulled pretty
much everything of their assets out of
Syria and if he didn't know that's a
really big deal because Syria was sort
of their um their land bridge to
Hezbollah and their ability to
um equip and fund their proxies so now
Iran has no air air defenses Israel's
taking out their air defenses they've
lost
Syria which means that they can't
reinforce Hezbollah at least in any
efficient way and Hezbollah has been
beaten back at the moment and Hamas is
you know just
annihilated and um apparently Iran spent
spend billions of dollars to get Syria
you know up and running as their like
proxy base station and they lost all
that now I would
agree that this is the perfect setup for
Trump to get some kind of a deal then I
don't think I've ever seen a better
setup Trump is coming in exactly at the
time when we can make deals and there's
a way to do it it it almost seems like
you know God inspired kind of thing it's
like really uh all these things need to
be handled you know from Ukraine to Iran
it needs to be handled with deals and
the best you know well most famous I
won't say best but the most famous
dealmaker in the world's coming into
office at exactly the time everything's
just perfectly set up to make a
deal when have we ever seen that
before it's like weirdly great it's like
almost too good to be
true everything from Greenland to
Ukraine it's just all things that he can
make a deal on and it looks all it looks
all doable it's weird it's going to make
you think that Biden was even worse than
you already think because if Trump comes
in and immediately wraps up some things
that Biden couldn't wrap
up you any questions about who is the
best president ever and who was the
worst will be answered and I think
that's going to
happen uh I saw the amuse account on X
pointing out that Soros prosecutors the
people people that Soros funded those
prosecutors um 40% of the H homicides in
the US take place in districts with
Soros funded prosecutors now some of
that is because you know he funded the
ones in urban area so there's going to
be more murder but uh that's a lot but
75% of those
districts the the ones that are Soros
districts 75% of them stopped reporting
murder statistics to the FBI in 2021
so that doesn't look like a coincidence
does it so when Elon Musk said he said
it a while ago and he's reinforced it
that in his opinion Soros hates humanity
and that is how you explain all of his
seemingly charitable actions that
apparently are designed to destroy the
world um I don't know what we don't know
what he's thinking when he's doing it
but if you looked at the outcome you'd
say well I mean there's no way you would
do all of those things
unless you had a unified theory to
destroy the world because they they just
seem so obviously
unproductive um
so I love that we're shining a light on
it and and I think that gives you a
chance to reverse it so we'll see well
there's a update on the pipe bomber so
you remember the original January 6
there were reports and videos of
somebody planting pipe bombs in two
different places and there have been
lots of sketchy accusations and and
information that makes it look like it
was part of a maybe an FBI op or at
least a government op here's what we
know Liz wheeler is reporting on this so
there's a new house report about that
January 6 pipe bomber and it's shocking
so apparently the this is this is from
Liz wheeler um FBI tracked the phone
data and they narrowed it down to 186
phone
numbers so remember the the bomber has
caught so they narrowed it down to 186
bomb
numbers and then they narrowed it down
further to uh one now we're talking
about one of the pipe bombs by the
bench so the
FBI narrowed down the possible suspects
based on the phone he had with them to
one
person so
obviously that person got picked up and
no you know what they did after they
narrowed it down to just one person so
basically they knew who it
was here's what they did they uh
suddenly dropped the
case without explaining
it what and and then today there's a new
video of of a different angle of the guy
who planted the bomb why is that now
just available there's a reason that we
just found out there's a different
camera angle
and then
surprisingly the it looks like the eyes
of the per seem to be um
digitally blocked out now I'm not 100%
sure that it isn't just Shadow or
something but if you could see the eyes
then something you know you might have
some way to identify them better so
everything about this is
sketchy um apparently the FBI agent in
charge had told Congress that the
Telecom company data was
corrupted but when the the telecom
companies were approached they said
nothing was corrupted we gave them
everything so it appears the FBI lied to
Congress knew who it was and dropped the
investigation so that's that's the
allegation and now there's Stone the FBI
and other agencies are stonewalling
Congress
uh about why the investigation that was
supposed to be about this really big
problem just sort of stopped without an
explanation good
question um and the two people who found
the pipe bombs on January 6 were quote a
woman carrying a basket of laundry who
is actually as Liz says a swamp creature
who works for an Intel connected
organization where she works on quote
disinformation that's convenient and the
other was found by a plain closed fed
really so the two people so one was
found by plain closed fed and the other
was placed by somebody with some
connections to the Intel World
okay um both bombs sat in plain sight
undetected for 15 hours or more until
both were found independently within 15
minutes of
each obviously the order went out to
pretend you found the bomb
um and also that happened within 15
minutes of the breach of the
capital
so it's all timed to be exactly what it
looks like a some kind of an
OP uh further the frame rate of the one
video that the FBI
released um was one 1.2 frames per
second there's no such thing as a video
camera that is only 1.2 frames per
second
that you couldn't buy one if you tried
it there's not an old one there's not a
new one so it's obviously digitally
altered for some reason so this can't be
the original video it's some kind of
modified version and who would have done
that well Usual
Suspects
um I don't know if we're close to
solving this but uh I'm willing to say
it's exactly what it looked like it
looked like a government I don't know
which part of the government plot to
make the January Sixers look like real
insurrectionists because apparently they
were very rude by not bringing weapons
so if they could make something blow up
then they could say well you know
they're all part of this this bombing
thing and then they all have to be
killed or
something so um I'm willing I I think
what we know so far is enough for me to
say oh that was a government Al uh now I
could change my mind if there's new
information but I'd say it's obvious at
this
point anyway Jack bobic is pitching an
idea of having a victims of 46
Foundation a
charity um for the people who suffered
under Biden he was president number
46 and it could exist for the January
Sixers and the pro-lifers and the people
were kicked out of the military for the
vaccine denial and other
stuff um
I guess that would that would be good
for the people who are the
victims but it's also good framing so if
you see it as persuasion yeah if you
knew that we needed a Recovery Fund from
American citizens who suffer the Biden
Administration that's a pretty strong
message like just just the fact that
this is even considered or it's a
thing um kind of reframes everything as
Biden being evil instead of just a
normal you know different party was in
charge meanwhile Toyota wants 2,000
people to go live in its brand new city
for inventors it's going to be at the
base of Mount Fuji and it's going to be
all the people who are technologists for
AI and space rockets and cars and
everything if they put them in one place
they can cross-pollinate and get more
down I guess so basically they'd be
creating like a little Silicon Valley um
artificially I think that's worth a try
now you might say why does Toyota do
that um and the thinking is that Toyota
is going to transfer from just making
cars which might be something that in
the self-driving car day you know if you
don't have one you're not really in
business anymore so there there's some
kind of General Mobility company now so
this all makes sense in some way
meanwhile EPA a according to interesting
engineering in Christopher mcfaden um
there are so there're a uh electric car
company so they've been trying to build
this thing for 10 years and now they've
got a a version that's getting close and
it's got a th000 m solar powerered
battery and you can get top speeds of
101 miles per hour and it's super
aerodynamic um so that's a big deal you
know the the more competition there is
in that space the
better and there's a study that says
that video conferencing where you see
yourself on the screen like on I'm
seeing myself I'm talking to you but the
picture on the screen is is the same
thing you're seeing um like a zoom call
you know you see yourself and the study
finds according to the Boston University
of school of medicine that uh the
pandemic caused people to use zoom more
and Google meetings and stuff and that
uh people want they feel bad about
themselves when they see themselves all
the time on screen because it would be
like looking in a mirror all day and if
if you don't like how you look it's it's
really getting you know impressed on you
that you don't look the way you look um
and it's uh apparently is making some
people have some mental illness about
their you know body body
image now here's what I noticed it feels
to me like every time there's a
technical innovation in society there's
some demographic of society that is made
Crazy by it like actually get mental
illness because of something about it
like your phones make a lot of people go
crazy not everybody and there's some
there's some dispute about whether
that's even true but don't you think
it's always the woman no sometimes it's
men but who's having all the who's
having all the body image problems
because they're looking at themselves on
Zoom I mean I I have the same feeling
when I play back you know my recordings
and when I'm looking at myself I think
oh I should you know I wish I didn't
have that or I wish that was different
but it doesn't really make me
sad CU I have a mirror I I've seen
myself I know I know exactly what the
pluses and the minuses of me are so it
seems like it's again it's the the young
female
demographic if you force them to use
Snapchat or Instagram or just
zoom they're going to be focusing on
what they look like and it's going to
give them a little mental illness
problem so that ladies and gentlemen
is all I wanted to talk about today
there is just so much going on and
weirdly most of it's positive it's
weirdly positive the the Greenland thing
just gives us it's such a pallet
cleanser isn't it like when we're
talking about other things it's like
there's some horrible crime involved or
there's some big unsolvable problem or
somebody hates somebody but Greenland is
probably a bunch of people who just are
fine with the United States
wouldn't mind probably think they'd come
out ahead if they were part of the
United States we think it'd be a good
idea nobody's really against it you know
Denmark will resist because that's
negotiation or maybe they really want to
keep it I don't know but it's so just
Pleasant to think about wouldn't it be
nice to just you add to the country it's
just a good feeling all right that's all
I got I'm going to go talk to the locals
people privately for a moment
um wow yeah Greg gutfeld's back the main
cast of the the five is back and uh
everything's good
now all right um locals I'm coming at
you everybody else will see you tomorrow
thanks for
joining in 30 seconds we'll
be
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e e