mmm boom ba-ba-boom hey everybody hey
Martin Hey
other people whose names I don't see yet
Sharona always you're early Duncan it's
good to see all of you really good to
see you so good that it makes me want to
have a simultaneous it with you all yes
it's time to raise your mug your cup
your glass your stein your chalice your
container with your favorite beverage I
like coffee and it's time to bring it to
your lips and enjoy the simultaneous it
oh yeah that's good simultaneous ippon
some of the best this morning so far so
you may have noticed that the news gets
kind of boring toward the end of the
year and so there's not as much
happening but I'll tell you what is
happening one of the things that strikes
me when I'm watching all the coverage
about George HW Bush's passing is the
story about him being shot down in a
world war two and there's this the scene
caught on video if you haven't seen it
it's just sort of amazing that young
George Bush he was a pilot his plane
gets shot down he he bails out to the
ends up in the ocean and he's rescued by
a submarine now I don't know did he have
a tracker on him of some kind or was he
just so lucky they came down and the
only place that there was a submarine an
American submarine tech to catch him to
rescue him now I also think about Bob
Dole Bob Dole great senator ran for
president and had also been shot down in
World War two I think
and you had a bad injury in his arm etc
and then John McCain who also almost
became president or at least ran for
president and he had also been shot down
now what's interesting is you saw that
President Trump was not so friendly -
not too friendly - why did I con his
name so he liked George HW Bush but he
wasn't friendly to McCain now both of
them were pilots and both of them got
shot down both of them were military
heroes but do you remember what Trump
said about McCain when he was he was
joking about him he said I prefer people
who don't get caught and then sure
enough he didn't go to his funeral and
now people are saying well you know at
least president Trump is going to go to
the funeral of George HW Bush to which I
say well at least he's being consistent
George HW Bush was a war hero who didn't
get caught so I might be the only person
who's classless enough to mention that
but at least he's being consistent now
one of the things that I really loved
about the George HW Bush situation all
right of course nobody's happy that he
passed but you're if you reach if you
reach age 96 and you've been President
and you've been a you know you've been
the head of the CIA you've been a war
hero you've been in Congress you've been
ambassador to China and made a big
difference in China if you've done all
of those things what a life you've had
there a life of service in particular
and he was but that the coolest part of
the story is that doesn't it seem like
we needed him to do one last mission you
know I think people are talking about it
this way
but it feels like George HW Bush had one
more mission to to try to bring the
country together for a minute so his
death has this weirdly unexpected
quality to it that he he created such a
powerful legacy of being a decent guy
forget about you know forget about what
he did as president you know what we all
of his other accomplishments which are
you know of course worthy of respect but
if you think about forget about all of
that what do people talk about when they
talk about it's very interesting how
they talk about him they talk about him
as being such a great guy like just the
the highest level of character and honor
and service and and all those things and
yeah he was a one-term president but you
know I don't think people hold that
against him so much
and it feels like it feels like he he's
just got this one last mission to bring
the country together at the end of the
year so there's there's something poetic
about it that's hard to miss let's talk
about the China deal now you probably
saw that the United States in the White
House said that President Qi and agreed
to make all the classes of fentanyl
they're a bunch of varieties of them all
of them classified at the highest level
of illegal drug in China so that they
could crack down on them and crack you
down on in this context means the death
penalty because that's the maximum
penalty and that's what they allegedly
had agreed to do now that's what we
announced what China announced in terms
of what they had or had not agreed to
about fentanyl is more of oh we'll look
into it kind of a kind of a situation
now this should not surprise you
because it feels like whatever two big
powers make an agreement they they
present it differently China probably
wants to maintain some options you know
keep it keep it on the negotiating
leverage part of the equation so that
they haven't given anything away and
they're like yeah yeah we agreed to do
that but only if you do this other stuff
so here's what you should expect you
should expect China to not do not do
what they do what the United States
announced so my best prediction because
the China will not in any timely fashion
pursue making it a banned substance they
just won't happen so regardless of what
they agreed to in that meeting I believe
they will drag their feet and they'll
they'll keep dangling that out there
it's like well you could reach an
agreement with us and that fentanyl sure
it certainly would decrease there'd be a
lot less fentanyl if you just made a
deal with us on soybeans or whatever
they'll they're talking about so you
should expect that China absolutely will
not act on fat the fentanyl in a timely
basis that's what I would expect but
probably there's you know good news
ahead eventually when we get a trade
deal you should also expect as I've told
you lots of times before that the good
news we're hearing about a trade what
they call it a truce
meaning that we've agreed to not raise
tariffs on a bunch of stuff as long as
we're productively engaging with them
you should expect that that won't work
out so the next 90 days the the odds of
actually wrapping up a trade deal with
China
in 90 days probably close to zero is my
guess you know anything's possible but
if I had to put ads on it I'd say close
to zero
and the reason is that this is the
nature of this negotiation is like many
other negotiations I've been personally
involved in and others others that I've
observed the oh I'm not past somebody
said why so pessimistic I'm not
pessimistic I'm telling you that things
are working in exactly the right
direction it's just that the speed with
which you hope it will happen is
probably not even close so if you're
thinking to yourself ah I think I think
we're going to have something in three
months probably zero chance of that six
months six months maybe I think maybe
six months possibly but but 90 days
almost zero and you should also expect
that there will be times between now and
the time we get an agreement when things
will look much worse it will look like
we're never gonna have an agreement so
you should expect that to happen but all
of this is should be expected in the
process it should be oh we got good news
nope it's impossible it looks like we
got a little good news no no no it's
impossible
wait wait I think I think we know it's
impossible and then Boop you got a deal
so the normal arc of a deal like this is
we should go through at least a few more
phases where we're sure I can't get done
or that you know it's just impossible in
some some way but we will get it done
that that's just the psychology of big
deals now I thought it was interesting
that China is sending us fentanyl and
we're sending them soy I'm just gonna
leave that there for a moment
you can write your own jokes in your
head yes China is sending us fentanyl
and we're sending them so I
now some people have suggested that
they're really sending us all this
fentanyl for sort of long-term clever
military reasons where they're weakening
our country by getting us all addicted
to these drugs but what is SOI doing to
their military readiness I ask you now
my understanding of SOI is that if you
you eat some of it it's probably pretty
good for you like most things if you eat
too much of it well if you do too much
of anything you can get yourself into
some trouble right and yeah the reason
the soy protects you from cancer is that
it mimics or somehow works compatibly
with estrogen so the best way to avoid
to avoid cancer if you're a man is to
chemically change yourself into a woman
I think you know your your keep your
tumors will grow a lot slower if you
don't have testosterone as a dominant
dominant chemistry now somebody said
opposite so and here's here's what I
went to I did a little looking online to
see if I could find out somebody says
please do not spread soy myths so that's
what I'm going to talk about so I can't
tell by reading up online if soy is good
or bad for me it does seem that there's
some amount of it that's probably more
good than bad and there's some larger
amount of it where there's some question
so I don't think that's a myth right
there it is it's a true statement
the people who know about science and
nutrition would tell you well don't do
too much
so WebMD put it that way so I would
consider WebMD one of the more reliable
sources for this sort of stuff traumatic
stuff and their article on it said yeah
you could eat it for dinner but I'd be a
little careful about eating it for three
meals a day now is there any other food
like that that you can think of that
people are telling you I wouldn't eat it
three meals a day except for maybe
something that makes you overweight it's
kind of unique that way I can tell you
that when I was eating lots of soybeans
because they're really tasty I didn't
feel right I'll also tell you that I
started looking at labels to try to
figure out you know what things have soy
in it so I could make sure I don't get
too much because I get plenty of protein
from other sources so I started looking
at labels and do you know what do you
know what packaged products have soy in
them almost all of them soy isn't just
about everything that's got a package on
it it's about it's in practically
everything with a can that isn't just
one one one ingredient and you could you
almost can't avoid it try to try to buy
I'm salad dressing just go to the store
and go to the the salad dressing section
and just look at the labels and the
salad dressing there's soy in every one
every one of them toys everywhere so the
recommendation is don't get don't get
too much soy and oh yes sugar would be
the same sugar it would be in the same
category that a little bit wouldn't hurt
you but a lot is bad for you yeah
it's really hard to get a soy free diet
so I'm just let me summarize before I
get sued by the the soy people I'm not
I'm not giving you any authoritative
medical or other opinion on soy I would
not know if it's good or bad I have no
way of knowing and therefore I'm not
going to tell you what you should or
should not eat
I'm saying this as my statement to not
give sued but I can give you my opinion
my opinion is I stay away from it so I
wonder how much SOI ship to China would
change their military readiness would
they have less military readiness some
as some degree of soy consumption just a
question I'm not saying I'm not saying
it's a problem because I wouldn't know I
have no information I just think it's
funny that we're they're sending us
fentanyl and we're sending them soy the
world's a funny place sometimes now
correct me if I'm wrong but there isn't
anything else interesting going on
somebody says you're being reckless it's
got is it reckless to say that I have no
authoritative information the soil will
hurry you which is true but that you
can't get a clear answer by researching
it if you can't get a clear answer about
whether something is good for you what
are you gonna do what is the smart thing
to do if it's unclear whether it's good
for you well if you have alternatives
that are completely clear somebody said
did I get the flu shot I did not but I'm
considering it
let's talk about the wall yeah how many
of you would be angry at the president
let's say those of you who own a wall so
you're pro wall if the president gets
five billion for the wall and you know
it's enough to start would you be happy
with it
how would you feel with five billion
dollars for the wall that as opposed to
twenty five billion which would be the
full full amount do your research on flu
shots while my understanding of flu
shots is that on any given year the
formula that they concoct may be you
know close to useless but gives you some
protection yeah so it might be ten
percent protection on some ear it might
be much greater on another year because
they can't quite predict which flu is
going to be the big one I think that's
the problem so they only prepare it for
the flu they expect to come not the flu
that they don't expect to come yeah
something is better than nothing
so if it's true that it gives you ten
percent protection and the risk is
mortal like you you know a my age they
tell you you could die from it so that
might be worth it
yeah I've just look at your answers now
about the five billion so most of you
seem to think five billion would at
least satisfy satisfy you that the
president was serious and effective and
making something like a wall happened so
yeah okay so people seem to be think
five billion would get it done well I
would expect that we should be able to
get five billion this seems doable all
right well I don't have anything to talk
about because there's no news all all of
this stuff with Michael Cohen and all of
the legal stuff about Muller doesn't
seem to you that we've been through this
continuous cycle of you know now we've
got them because this person is talking
doesn't it feel like you've just been
jacked around for eighteen months with I
would we've got the president now and
it's it's nothing all right French riots
so I've been watching I watched some of
the footage of the French riots they're
pretty scary there's a lot going on
there but I don't really get the
importance of the French riots they just
seem correct me if I'm wrong aren't they
they're mad about a gas tax so that's
like the most boring thing in the world
to be mad about I don't know if you can
I don't think that government is going
to be overthrown by people who don't
want a gas tax maybe but it just it it
feels like it feels like a lot of noise
and smoke and cars burning out but I
don't know that any of it makes any
difference
you know in the long run but maybe I'm
missing something maybe there's
something more happening in France than
I understand which is totally possible
so how much does Cowan really know about
the Trump Organization deals in Russia
I feel like Cohen feels like the guy who
was always on the just slightly on the
outside it may be I'm wrong here but it
feels like Cohen wasn't it wasn't
exactly on the inner circle he was sort
of on the outside of the inner circle
just doing some stuff that other people
didn't want to do I don't think he knows
anything
how much would Michael Cohen actually
know about what the actual
decision-makers in the Trump
Organization was say Don junior probably
more important to any decisions about
new projects than anybody else how much
did Michael Cohen know about the real
inner workings of the Trump Organization
I'm not sure it was that much I I would
be I guess I would be surprised if Cohen
knew anything wouldn't you do you think
Michael Cohen knows anything and then
there's the Jerome Corsi stuff
apparently he's now jerome corsi is
suing Muller and Muller's team for
trying to force him to give false
testimony I didn't even know that was a
thing you can sue somebody for anything
like that there's no limit to how many
things you can sue somebody for and I
looked at that and I thought to myself
well I don't think he has the greatest
chance of prevailing
but I do love the fact the way he's
fighting it I kind of love the fact that
he's going right at their at their
weakness and their weakness is that the
public thinks that they've turned into
nothing but a collusion or not a
collusion trap a yeah a perjury trap you
so I think the president has done a good
job of turning at least you know a third
of the country the people who are likely
to be on his side I think the
president's done a good job of
convincing people that the witch-hunt is
completely illegitimate at this point so
of course he's going after them does a
great job in terms of having
confirmation bias do that if not
confirmation so the fact that you're
even talking about jerome corsi suing
muller for creating a perjury trap and
trying to force him to lie could not be
better for a president Trump it's
exactly the story that President Trump
wants on the front page every day and so
I asked myself this who is paying for
course his lawyers because he may be
getting a little help with his lawyers
because it doesn't seem like a total
coincidence that why he's doing is so
positive for Republicans and for the pro
Trump side so I've got a feeling that
Corsi is becoming a productive part of
the persuasion here laura Loomer could
somebody tell me what laura Loomer even
got in trouble for one of the one of the
things I do every time somebody gets
kicked off a Twitter or gets in trouble
the first thing I do is as I say okay
what did they say or what did they do
and then I wait for the news to tell me
because you would think that if the
story is a person X got kicked off to
Twitter what is it that they said and
then I think well clearly every time I
read
headline about it or somebody talks
about it who there's a there's a piece
on the internet it will quote quote what
she did wrong according to Twitter and
then you know then there'll be some
opinion on it and then I'll form an
opinion I have not seen anything is
there some reason that everybody keeps
asking me give me your opinion of Laura
Loomer without telling me why I she even
have one can anybody give me she talked
about Sharia
everybody talks about Sharia what did
what did she say exactly
the gather kicked off wasn't she talking
about her person she was probably
talking about a person right who
somebody somebody she's opposed to who
is pro Sharia was that him she
criticized Muslim politician whose name
went by she criticized a pro Sharia
senator did she kick kicked off for
criticizing her or for being incorrect
in her criticism was L n Omar so she
could as did she criticized the person
or the or the practice so she said
somebody was anti-semitic and called out
and she called out a Farrakhan as
anti-semitic so she was she was kicked
off of Twitter for being a for being
politically correct yeah but she was
criticizing somebody else and so she was
politically incorrect in being
politically correct so she did her
political correctness well so she
criticized somebody for being a racist
which normally which normally is
considered a good behavior but she did
it wrong so she I kicked off
yeah
she had contrasting tweets between her
and Farrakhan yeah okay so yeah here's
the thing so it sounds to me like what
she was accused of was going after
somebody's religion is that it we it is
it the way she did it which made people
say you're really going after this and
this politicians religion you're not
really you're not going after her for
being anti-semitic you're just going
after her for her religion is that how
they interpreted it yeah she complained
about the wrong side yeah you know the
facts here are all squishy yeah it's
hard to get a penny purchase on this so
I've told you before that I'm I'm
largely gonna sideline myself on the
questions of who's getting kicked off of
social media because I just don't like
to associate myself with other people's
opinions at that level
it's a double standard well we live in a
world of double standards Trump had a
tweet today about ending the arms race
that sounds boring let me check the
president's tweet today about ending the
arms race as somebody just said oops
there is I'm certain that at some time
in the future President Xi and I this is
president Trump tweeting uh-huh together
with President Putin a freshman will
start talking about a meaningful halt to
what has become a major and controllable
arms race the u.s. spends 716 billion
dollars this year crazy you know doesn't
it seem to you I don't think I've ever
said this in public before but I'll say
it new you know countries like to make
they like to make lots of military
alliances to stay safe it's a very
normal thing countries make military
alliances what would be the most
intelligent military alliance for the
United States to make it makes me wonder
if the best military alliance wouldn't
be the US China and Russia and then NATO
is thrown a toe in there shouldn't
shouldn't the big military powers be on
the same side because it's here's the
situation the big military powers are
really not going to ever attack each
other it's just not going to happen but
all of the military risk for the big
powers are coming from smaller countries
you know the they get a nuke they get it
they have terrorists that sort of thing
it feels to me like the most natural
military alliance would be the biggest
military powers just saying hey why are
we on opposite teams when there's no
chance we'll fight each other why would
you spend seven hundred and sixty
billion dollars
much of that to oppose the only
countries you're not ever gonna get in a
fight with you're not ever gonna have a
major war with Russia unless you're just
suicidal you're not ever gonna have a
major world with China and and they with
us why don't we just say well look the
three of us are never going to attack
each other why don't we stop wasting
money acting like we are and and at
least militarily make sure that we're
making sure other countries don't get
nukes and come after one of us now I
realize how simplistic and unrealistic
that is but it's one of those questions
that every once a while you have to stop
and ask yourself why we're on the other
team because if you can't beat each
other and that's the situation right you
know we can't beat China China can't
beat us
we can't beat Russia without you know
being destroyed if he can't beat him
what are you supposed to do join them
right if you can't beat them join them
it's there's a reason that's an old
saying because it's the only rational
thing to do why would you fight with
somebody you can't beat there's no
that's the most irrational thing you
could possibly do now in the old days
you know before there were nuclear
weapons etc in the old days two
countries could be at each other because
they both think they could win or they
think the other one could win and they
don't want to be beaten so it seems like
the whole idea of having in the enemy
depends on the notion that one of you
could win a war if you take away the
notion that either if you could ever win
why would you ever be militarily against
each other to what end would you do that
other than theater it's just complete
theater and so it seems to me that we
you you could almost imagine a grand
deal that changes civilization forever
in which you say hey you big countries
and who have nukes let's agree that all
the countries with the big power are on
the same team let's let's just be on the
same team and let's figure what each
other wants and let's at least stop
using cyber stuff against each other
because there's just there's just no
good that comes out of it so it seems to
be that if if China knew that it could
you know have a good future without
worrying about us that would be a good
deal I don't know you know when we talk
about you know China becoming a major
power and 20 whatever and that China
wants to dominate the world why do you
think China wants to dominate the world
it's probably a little bit defensive
isn't it do you think that do you think
that China wants for no reason
whatsoever to dominate the you know the
the oceans everywhere in their
neighborhood do you think they care
about dominating the ocean because we
dominate an ocean look at us how awesome
we are to dominate an ocean do you think
they care about the ocean I don't think
so
I think they care about military
defensive position what that does are
things so I think we're just all
oriented in an unproductive way because
we're sort of caught in the past it
feels like there's some new thinking
that needs to come around where we just
acknowledge that the big the big the big
country is just aren't going to attack
each other
China should want the United States to
be you know filling its boats in the
South China Sea because it probably
means we're doing trade and the world is
safer because you know the big powers
are not at each other's neck and they
can defend against other other risks so
is it my imagination or is at least half
of our seven hundred and sixty billion
dollars spent for psychological reasons
alone it's not really it's not even for
defense how do you China and Russia feel
about Israel I believe China and Russia
are both I don't want to say pro-israel
but they're not anti-israel my
understanding is that Russia and Israel
are have a fine relationship and I don't
even know what China and Israel are all
about I think China because they're not
a religious country
I think they either can work with you or
they can't and that's as far as it goes
and I would imagine that China and
Israel probably do business right I
don't know much about that part of the
world but I assume they do business and
I'll bet it's not much of a problem
somebody who is anti-israel and Pro
Hamas you're saying Chinese or the
Russians Russia sports Israel yes China
is not Pro Hamas is it that doesn't make
sense
yeah so all right I got nothing else to
say so I'm gonna say goodbye for today
talk to you tomorrow