[Music]
good morning everybody and welcome to
the highlight of human civilization it's
called coffee with Scott Adams it's news
without your shoes pajamas acceptable if
you'd like to take this experience up to
levels that will make you tingle in
places I can't even mention all you need
is a cup muger a glass of tankered
shells or sty a canteen Jugger flask a
vessel of any kind fill it with your
favorite liquid I kind of like coffee
and join me now for the unparallel
pleasure the dopamine here the day thing
that makes everything better it's called
simultaneous
hipo you know with all the division in
the
world I think it's sad that we have a
solution to it here the simultaneous hip
that brings us all
together you know why can't the rest of
the world simultaneous
sip all right here are some things we
know about coffee there's a new study
that says it uh inhibits Co that's right
you might have like a 10% less chance to
get in Co if you drink enough
coffee so I asked the following question
is there anything coffee can't do it
makes you smarter feel better less
depressed let you exercise better and it
might cut down your odds of getting
Co now let us again compare Scott to the
entire medical community during the
first month of the pandemic I told you
to go outside and make sure you got a
lot of vitamin
D uh get exercise lose weight and drink
coffee I did not tell you to get
vaccinated I did not tell you to wear a
mask so I think I'm the most right
person in the
world all
right you might be disagreeing right
now um I guess the xplatform now lets
you search and apply for jobs so I guess
X will be the
everything uh platform but here's the
question I
ask will we need to search for jobs in
the
future I'm not sure search there there
was something about searching for a job
that sounded
like like yesterday's news has anybody
had that feeling yet and I think it's
not because of
UPI and not because robots will take
your job but shouldn't AI be finding
people and just offering you jobs why am
I looking for a job that feels like old
technology shouldn't everybody with a
job just tell Ai and then AI knows
everybody and then AI goes out and does
some head hunting sends you an email and
says hey there's a company near you
looking for somebody like you and then I
go ah I don't care or I say hey tell me
more about it go grab my resume and send
it to
them something like that but but really
the the idea of this traditional go look
for a job I feel like that's going to be
obsolete in 5
years maybe sooner and over on Amazon
you can now buy a car they going to sell
Hyundai you can buy it directly on
Amazon so the larger question is do you
think everybody who has a
platform will necessarily need to offer
every service
eventually in other words will you be
buying uh your Pharmaceuticals on X and
also on Amazon and also on
Facebook will you do all of your job
search on all platforms
I feel like all platforms are going to
do everything they'll all have all the
platforms will become a bank they'll all
sell everything they'll all have the
news it's going to be everything's going
to be everything I don't know how it
seems like the obvious play because once
you have a platform and a you know
software
platform the ways to grow are to do new
things with the asset you got so I'd
expect them all to do everything
including education I think that's
coming uh the newspaper business
continues to Circle the Drain I guess
over the past two years uh more than two
per week have going on of business
newspapers that's just in the US there's
now 20 there are now 204 counties in the
US with no local news how will they
survive how will they ever survive well
they do have the internet
so
um and so and a lot of the counties only
have one newspaper where they used to
have
multiple ask me again how glad I am that
I got out of the newspaper business oh
my God the best cancellation ever and
apparently there was a there was a a
downturn that became much more drastic
earlier this year around February of
this year newspapers like really took a
hit in
subscriptions did was there anything
happening in the news
around February of this year that would
have some kind of impact on newspaper
subscriptions oh yeah that's one they
cancelled
Dilbert so at the same time Dilbert got
cancelled newspaper subscriptions just
went in the toilet now do you think
that's a
coincidence actually it's not it's not a
coincidence because I've known for
decades because people have been telling
me for decades that there are a lot of
people who only bought the newspaper to
read
Delbert so you know if that were if
that's 10% of your readers you're going
to notice that pretty quickly now I'm
not going to claim the whole drop is
from dilber stuff but it probably didn't
help probably didn't help him at
all all right there's a new AI
technology that takes up to another
level over at nyang techn technological
universities and this technical stuff a
lot of this uh I see on tweets from Owen
Benjamin so thanks for your tweets Owen
um and this one can take a photograph
and a audio clip of a person and animate
it from one photo and one an and one
audio clip they can create a real
booving
person that's really taking it to the
the level a whole person just from One
Clip and one photo
wow
so there's that I saw Matt Walsh post
yesterday he was talking about Oregon
decriminalized
drugs and then everything just went to
lell so the decriminalizing of drugs uh
appears not to have been a big success
in Oregon and maybe they're thinking of
reversing it um but Matt
Walsh kind of took the approach that
this shows that drug decriminalization
doesn't work do you think that got shown
do you think this showed that it doesn't
work or did it just show that the
specific way they implement it
definitely doesn't
work well among the things that they did
was they made it really really easy to
do
drugs and you could do it in public I
think if you're going to make doing
drugs drugs
legal you might want to not make it
legal in
public because you know that that's the
part people are complaining about and so
that was wrong
and then they also they decriminalized
or made it legal I forget what it was
decriminalized uh some of the hard
drugs now I don't know maybe maybe
there's a play where you decriminalize
marijuana and some
hallucinogens but maybe you don't you
know
decriminalize you know the real tough
stuff so may maybe they didn't do it
right so I'm very happy that Oregon
tried it
it looks like it didn't work and I think
we could say that now to be fair other
places had much worsened drug situation
too and they didn't do any
decriminalization but it might have been
a little worse so at the very least it
didn't fix anything so we we not didn't
fix
anything
anyway um let's keep trying maybe
there's some model that does work well
the world the
wh uh who I only believe when I it says
things I agree with anyway uh has
declared that loneliness is a pressing
Health threat with risk as deadly as
smoking up to 15 cigarettes a
day now I don't know if that science is
right but would you agree that
loneliness is
lethal I feel like that's kind of
obvious like if you've ever experienced
crushing loneliness you know what it
does to your body like you can't miss it
so um because I love my followers on
Thanksgiving day I will be live
streaming with you so that you're not
lonely because it turns out there's a
tremendous number of my followers who
literally don't see people during the
day like
any actually no human contact now I
happen to be one of those people uh I do
have maybe once or twice a week I have
no human contact
with you know face to
face now and just think about that you
know I'm I'm going kind of a privileged
situation right I could have as much as
I wanted but two days a week I don't I
don't talk to anybody in person at all
you know I might like if I buy something
at a cash register or something but
that's
it so um um Thanksgiving Day on my time
3:00 on California so eastern time it
would be 6:00 I get a live stream
preparing some Thanksgiving dinner and
you can hang out with me and the other
people are hanging out now I do think
that we need to start building
communities where you can um in the
normal course of just living your life
you have lots of accidental contact with
your neighbors so we should design
communities that fix the nobody can find
a friend problem now forget about forget
about having no friends at all I mean
that's a big problem but what about the
number of people you know let's see in
the
comments how many of you have I'm going
to go sexist on this one how many of you
have a
spouse who complains about not having a
best friend usually a woman could be a
man but how many of you have a female
spouse who says why can't I have a best
female friend I just don't have a best
female friend now look at the
comments there are yeses and NOS but the
number of yeses is alarming it it's one
of the most common things someone
someone smart said
that uh while men think about Roman you
know ancient Rome a lot that women think
about that friend they used to have
their best friend that they don't see
anymore yeah it's a big
deal anyway we need to fix that uh mexic
me decided to reject
Mexicans um so the state of Texas
cleverly passed a state law that would
allow them they say to ex to to uh take
the immigrants and send them back where
they came from but Mexico says you can't
send immigrants back to us we do not
accept them you must take care of them
where they are in your state that's what
Mexico says now
can they stop you from returning
people like what happens if you take
them to like a border crossing and just
push them
through does Mexico stop do they push
him back like are you like pushing him
across the border and there's somebody
in Mexico no are they pushing him back
how do they stop it you know we've got
this they're going to they're going to
uh have a problem with their unprotected
border aren't they so Mexico needs to
build a wall
to prevent taxes from repatriating their
own
citizens so that's
weird but what's weirder is finding out
today that the states could pass a law
their own immigration law do you think
that would pass the
uh
constitutional uh bar is it
constitutional for a state to take over
the federal government's job of managing
immigration I know I feel like that
would be a Supreme Court
case have you noticed how often you can
uh judge a Supreme Court case accurately
without being a lawyer has anybody
noticed that it seems like there's a
bunch of stuff in the news where you
don't have to be a lawyer at all for
example uh I guess the courts reversed
the gag order on
Trump now how many of you who are not
lawyers knew that was UN
constitutional isn't it in sort of like
you blindingly obvious that that was
unconstitutional you didn't really need
to be a lawyer did
you I feel like that law school is
largely
wasted most of these cases against Trump
I could absolutely argue them on the
merits you know I couldn't do the the
clever legal manipulations but I could
argue all of the cases on the merits I'm
sure I could do that tomorrow and it
would be fine you I just wouldn't know
the the cool little legal tricks and
loopholes
anyway
um here's another one let let's say you
were not a lawyer but let's see if you
could have predicted this legal outcome
let's see how smart my audience is okay
I'm going to tell you the news then you
tell me did you predict it accurately
without having any legal background
right um turns out there will be no
charges against Joe Biden for having
classified documents in his possession
now who saw that coming did anybody see
that coming with your with your total
lack of legal
training yes we all saw it
coming every one of us knew exactly what
the the legal outcome would be again did
you need to be a lawyer no it turns out
that being a lawyer must be some kind of
a it must be some kind of a hoax or
something cuz why is it that every time
they tell me some legal situation I know
exactly where it's going to go but then
the news acts like there's a mystery to
it I don't know this could go either way
no it
couldn't sometimes it's just like like
strikingly obvious like that one no Joe
Biden is not going to get be indicted
for some documents Trump maybe yeah
Trump Maybe
but not Joe Biden
no well IBM uh who are a bunch of
racists I don't know if you know that
but IBM has been uh anti-white racist
for decades like seriously anti-white
you know they would call it diversity
but they got all bent down of shape uh
as reuter reports reports uh IBM said it
had immediately suspended all
advertising on the social media platform
X after report found its ads were placed
alongside pro-nazi
content now apparently this was spotted
by the quote media Watchdogs Media
Matters it s said they found that
corporate advertisements by Apple you
know IBM Oracle Comcast were being
placed alongside anti-semitic
content
so now are there are there social media
platforms that don't have have
objectional speech in them I thought all
social media platforms had things on
both sides of basically every issue how
in the world could any of these
platforms make sure their advertisements
didn't hit somebody's bad opinion and be
close to it this is a ridiculous
complaint either the social media
platforms allow this speech or they
don't if it's
allowed you're going to be next to it
sometimes but I've never seen anybody
make a decision about buying a couch
because of what it was next to have you
ever done that have you ever seen an
advertisement for a couch and go oh I do
like that couch that's just what I was
looking for but then you look around it
to see if you agree with the opinions
around it oh uh there's an opinion about
abortion over there oh I'm not going to
buy that couch it's so that it's it's
within uh 6 in of the thing I don't like
oh no I'll never buy a couch now because
it's it's within the visual field of an
opinion I don't like okay so IBM not
only is racist and stupid but they're
they're practically anti-American at
this
point anyway uh you know it would be an
interesting thing that uh writers should
include if they're going to report on
IBM canceling their advertisements on x
you know what would be the obvious
context to add to that story is there
something that is the dog not
barking hello what's that I don't hear
oh oh what I don't hear is reuer is
giving us the context of whether IBM is
still advertising on Tik Tok have you
heard of Tik Tok I hear it's a big thing
and Tik Tock is uh uh notably getting a
lot of heat for uh a lot of attention to
Usama Bin Laden's
opinions so I'd like to know because
this feels like the right context is IBM
continuing to
advertise on the platform that's become
a pro Bin Laden platform in the last
week now to their credit Tik Tock is
says they're trying to get rid of that
stuff the bin Laden
stuff but it's been there it's been
there so why would Reuters not mention
that that's the most obvious thing to
mention isn't it how do you do this
story without saying that IBM continues
or doesn't whichever it is they either
continue or they don't on Tik Tok which
is the
anti-semitic platform well it's because
it's not real news it's because Reuters
is not a new a real news organization
they're part of the propaganda
industrial complex right so it's more
about uh hering musk than it is anything
about advertising or anything about
business models or anything about IBM
it's just a hert musk that's it because
he's the only protector of free speech
in America if they can take him down
then they control the country
effectively because I think Fox News has
been neutered at this
point
um anyway speaking of Tik Tok and
removing those Bin Laden
videos um
Jonathan greenblat of the
ADL uh he's I heard a recording of him
talking to some of his supporters I
guess and he was saying that uh the
anti-Semitism should be not viewed as a
left problem or a right problem because
there are anti-semites on both the left
and the right but he says it would be uh
smarter to see it as a generational
problem because older Americans are more
likely to back is Israel and the younger
ones very very quickly flipped to be not
completely flipped but they became far
more
anti-israel uh just in the last several
weeks yeah there's a noticeable change
and sentiment among the young so he says
it's a young versus old problem and
people need to start recognizing that
which he's correct
at do you know what he left
out what did he leave out again hello
dog not barking
Tick Tock but what what is it that
causes the young to turn and the old not
to turn well the old they're looking at
mainstream media and mainstream media is
you know feeding them a diet of homas is
completely at fault which is my view
because I've only seen this since
October 7th you know the the history
over there they can argue all day long
it's just it's just not my business
right I'm just staying out of the whole
history
question
but how do you not mention that Tik Tock
must be I mean almost certainly is the
prime driver of a young sentiment at the
moment oh it gets funnier
though um did you
know that up until
2020 just a little over three years ago
that the ADL website uh and this is
running as a hoax on on the xplatform
people don't know it's a hoax but
somebody's showing adl's definition of
racism which is not true so if you see
it that's not true but it was true up
until
2020 so when I said I said this can't be
true this has got to be a hoax as soon
as I saw it I said that can't be true so
this is what until 2020 the
ADL had this as their uh
definition uh
racism it says the marginalization and
or oppression of people of color based
on a social constructed racial hierarchy
that privileges white
people so in other words until 2020 the
adl's actual statement you know that's
part of their mission I guess was
anti-white pretty directly I mean I you
know that that's my interpretation of it
but I think it's a fair one it's a it
was a racist organization until 2020 but
overtly now do you know why they changed
and by the way to the credit of Jonathan
greenblat I believe he's the one who
changed it so he recognized that that
was not a good definition and they
changed it
to um something more about anybody
anybody discriminating about race so it
changed it to the generic which is what
it should have been do you know why
Jonathan
greenblat uh realized that the ADL
statement was not inclusive enough do
you know it was missing let's see if you
catch it I'll read their statement from
2020 and see what kind of discrimination
was missing from it now remember the
ADL was founded to help uh Jewish people
who were being discriminated against so
originally it was to help Jewish people
and that as greenl has explained in the
past they expanded their mission to um
to get other allies in on the the deal
so they would protect their other allies
from discrimination so they would
protect not just Jewish people but
anybody who is you know person of color
or in that
category so they did that because they
thought that'd be good for their mission
and good for everybody else like it' be
a good good
combination do you see any is there any
racism that maybe is
missed by the definition that it's white
people perpetrating it against people of
color is there anything that would make
maybe comes to top of mind they would
not be
included okay well I'll tell you what is
not included and Jonathan greenblat also
notice
this uh the the Nazis discriminating
against the Jewish people in World War
II the Holocaust would not be included
in the adl's definition
of of uh
racism the
Holocaust that's right the ADL the
organization designed to create Jewish
Americans from
discrimination they morphed with
wokeness until they no longer even
recognized that the Holocaust was
racism and somehow they didn't notice
that until greenblat did and he said
directly this statement our our
statement from 2020 would not have even
covered my own relatives experience
he said it directly it wouldn't have
even covered my own relatives experience
the whole point of
it the whole the whole point of
it
so there you
go yeah so the the ADL has been for a
long time a in my opinion
uh just bad for America
overw you know destructive
organization uh if you didn't know there
are a lot of Jewish Americans and a lot
of Jews in Israel who do not support the
ADL well I wonder
why I wonder why maybe it's because the
ADL was helping all the
Allies who are now discriminating
against Jewish
people maybe it's
that all right
so here's what we should do um since we
know from the polling that the sympathy
for Israel plunged in that 18 to 34
category uh that was a rasmuson uh
finding so we know that um here's what
we should do rasmason and other polling
companies you should add a question for
your
demographics the question should be are
you a regular user of Tik
Tok so that you can see if the Tik Tock
people are the ones that are moving
sentiment while the mainstream media
people are staying roughly the same on
sentiment had they been measur measuring
that for a while now we would have seen
that Tik Tock I think this is an
allegation but I don't know it's true uh
I think they would have found that Tik
Tock was the source of the dip in um or
the change in
opinion now there's not there's nothing
stopping you from doing that right you
just add that question
cuz I already asked the question you
know what's your ethnicity what's your
um I think age and they ask yeah age
sometimes depending on the question and
they ask you your what party you belong
to why not also ask if you use Tik Tok
just throw that question in there let's
start tracking it because in my opinion
it's the obvious thing that changed the
sentiment so
quickly all right um
what what would you get if
uh uh tubin blinkin and Biden walked
into a bar and then uh Biden started
falling asleep at the
bar what would you call it if tubin
blinkin and Biden went to a bar together
and Biden started falling asleep at the
bar I would call them uh wanking
blinking a nod wanking blinking a
nod wanking blinking and Nod now if you
didn't get that joke that's okay it's a
pretty obscure reference but if you did
get it well were you impressed at that
I've been working on that one for a
month so you got that for
free anyway uh Biden I guess some months
ago five months ago Biden had called
president she a dictator in public and
uh that caused a frosty several months
with relation between our countries so
then president she visits and everybody
makes nice and they eat food and they
shake hands and they smile a lot looks
like things are going to get better and
as soon as he leaves uh the Press asked
Biden if she is a dictator he says oh
yes he's a dictator and and the cameras
were on Tony blinkin and his face
looking his face when he watches his
boss just recreate the biggest problem
they've had in public well foreign
relations in 5 months watching him just
recreate the problem like it never
happened in the first place was
wonderful I mean in terms of
entertaining politics blink's face when
Biden called him the dictator in public
was
like it was like somebody just just
grabbed them by the balls and started
squeezing he's
like anyway that was funny
all right um and uh as others have noted
uh that doesn't really look
competent right I think it was uh yeah
David Sachs said uh it's just an example
of obvious
incapability I mean it's not even a
political thing he's just incapable then
there's video of him looking like he's
asleep or dead at an event like he's not
even moving he's he just looks like that
that puppet that looks like him the
ventris what's the ventris
puppet his name is
uh oh you know the one you know the one
Walter Walter the ventola puppet all
right
um the Press says that an arrest is made
in the death of a protester who fell and
hit his head you know the one that was
murdered yeah he was murdered a guy hit
him with a a mega phone he fell
backwards and he did hit his head and
die but a headline is the arrest is made
in the death of a protester not a murder
no not alleged murder not the not the
asant who killed them no it's a just a
protester who fell and hit his head it
doesn't even matter how it happened
really just there sort of two
coincidental stories with practically no
connecting tissue man falls and gets
killed another man gets arrested but
there's no connection between them
there's just a man falling and if a man
falls in the sidewalk uh and nobody
hears
it all right that that's not funny
that's not funny shut up all right next
story also rasmason um on Election
Integrity 56% of likely voters believe
cheating is likely to affect the outcome
of the next presidential
election
56% the majority of Americans think the
election systems are are not uh they
don't have any credibility
56% now I wonder what it was before
Trump started persuading us I'd love I'd
love to see the the Delta on that how
much it changed but you know why why
would people have those feelings can you
think of any reason that people would
not not trust the
system oh how about our next story Tom
fidden has a uh has an long post uh and
he says the federal court in Northern
District of uh Georgia that's the
Atlanta division is going to allow
plaintiffs to proceed to
trial uh after they presented expert
evidence which found seven what what
they call Core vulnerabilities in the
Dominion voting system H now this is not
to say
that there was anything wrong with the
election this is simply experts looked
at the system and they said
hypothetically there are some things you
could do to game the system but I'm sure
they don't sound bad right if you heard
the list of things that they said it
wouldn't sound bad would
it well I'll read the list you tell me
does any this does any this sound
dangerous or bad to you or does it seem
kind of
trivial again from Tom
uh
thread number one attackers can alter
the QR codes on printed ballots to
modify voters
selections they can alter the QR codes
on printed ballots to modify voters
selections well that doesn't sound good
does it that that doesn't sound good but
I'm sure that's the only bad one number
two anyone with brief physical access to
the ballot marking device machines can
install a malware onto the machines with
just a just a brief physical access okay
that sounds pretty terrible but that's
just two of the seven I don't think the
rest of them sound this bad uh attackers
can forge or manipulate the smart cards
that the ballot marking device uses to
authenticate technicians poll workers
and voters which could then be used by
anyone with physical access to the
machines to in stall malware into
them well that that sounds
terrible but that's only three of them
uh four uh attackers can execute
arbitrary code with supervisor
Privileges and then exploit it to spread
malware to all their machines across the
country or
state so one access and one place in
Georgia they claim
could allow you to rig all of the
machines across the country or state
well that one sounds bad but the other
one's probably not so bad okay um
attackers can alter the the bmds that's
the same machine Bell marketing device
audit
logs
oh so something could change the audit
logs well that's almost as if you audit
it and you didn't know didn't know you
weren't really auditing it
it it's almost suggesting that an audit
is not a foolproof guarantee of an
election but that can't be true can it
somebody could change the
audit but you know nobody is so smart
that they could figure out how to put
malware on the system they would change
the vote and then also change the audit
log the vote and the audit log matched
like there wouldn't be any such thing as
a hacker who is spart enough to change
the audit log and the vote total when
they have access to both of
them right nobody would think of
that
um here's number six attackers with
brief access to a single just one a
single one of these machines or a single
pole worker card and pin so that's all
they would need brief access to it or a
single pole workers card and pin number
can obtain the countywide cryptographic
keys which are used for authentication
and to protect El election results on
scanner memory
cards you telling me that one person
with one card and a pin can change the
authentication to on the scanner memory
cards or brief access to the machine and
just stick in a little little
key or number seven a dishonest
selection worker with just brief access
to the ICP scanner memory card could
determine how individual voters
voted one worker with brief
access if if that one worker had you
know uh a computer virus with them that
did that kind of
work well at least we can feel safe now
remember this is this these are only
things that somebody said could have
been done so they mean it from a
technological perspective it doesn't
mean anything was like this was done
right I want to be clear there's no
indication it was done any of these
seven things it's just the experts say
these are vulnerabilities that maybe
somebody could because one thing you
know for sure if you have a large
complicated system and the the benefits
from rigging it if you could if you
could the benefits would be almost
incalculably large maybe the largest
benefits of anything except you know the
stock market I suppose um so we know
that the incentive to do it would be
really off the chart I mean the reason
to do it would be stratospherically good
not only for financial benefit but to
keep Hitler and of office am I right I
mean you've got two incentives to cheat
keeping Hill out of office they say but
also there could be a huge financial
benefit to
it and they've had uh how how long have
these machines been in operation years
right how many years have we had this
situation and they just found the
vulnerabilities do you think they never
existed
before 2004 somebody says is that when
the machine started going in yeah so in
all that time the system that has the
most incentive to steal it the greatest
incentive to be rigged of all of all
systems anywhere on Earth from the
beginning of time as the greatest value
if you could rig it and get away with it
but nobody did nobody did so isn't that
amazing that hackers are in literally
everything including probably my phone
and yet nobody got into
this that's pretty amazing do you know
who could exploit um vulnerabilities of
this type
is there any
organization that you could think of
that would actually it would be their
job to exploit
it if these machines were in other
countries and used in other
countries uh do we ever does America
ever try to change or or influence the
elections in other
countries I've heard they do yeah yeah
there's a group called the CIA if you've
ever heard of them I have a long history
of influencing elections directly trying
to rig elections in other countries now
when they do it in other countries
that's totally legal in America it's
very illegal in those other countries
but in America it's
legal
um but at least we can trust our
intelligence agencies because it's not
like they recently were behind the um
Russia collusion
hoax oh actually they were yeah they so
ex-members of the in elligence agencies
were actually the ones pushing the Russ
collusion hoax yeah but at least at
least when Hunter's laptop was
discovered the intelligence people said
oh that's real and they validated it oh
okay that didn't happen it was the
opposite yes they put together a letter
in which they swore that it must be what
it looked like Russian
disinformation well that's kind of
sketchy so what we know is that the
machines have a vulnerab
according to these experts I can't
guarantee that but they do exist we also
know that our intelligence agencies
agencies in the United States are
actually trained to do this kind of work
which would be find
vulnerabilities in election systems in
other countries and maybe some other
countries use these
machines uh do you think these machines
are deployed in other countries because
if they were deployed in other countries
would it not be the cia's job to know
exactly how they could access them and
corrupt them if they needed to I'm not
saying they would do it in every case
you know there might be an election in
France that we stay away from probably
not um so let let me just put the pieces
together we we know beyond any doubt
that our intelligence agencies have
backed the Democrats even to the point
of
illegality now although there were no
charges for pushing the Russia collusion
hoax well I think we'd all agree it
should have been illegal given that they
knew it was a hoax and also the uh the
laptop op that they ran on the public
that they worded it so it sounded like
oh it just looks like it definitely
looks all the Hallmarks of Russia
disinformation but they didn't say it
directly they just oh it definitely
looks like
it so that was probably enough to keep
it legal but I think we'd all agree
given that it came from intelligence
people it should have been
illegal it should have been illegal to
run an op on the American people but
probably isn't probably isn't so you've
got a group that we know has a history
of running Ops on the American people we
know that they certainly have the
technological wherewithal to uh crack
any system that has vulnerabilities
literally their mission
we know that they work uh they've worked
you know in foreign way uh in very
similar way to they worked in America
they've pushed hoaxes they pushed
disinformation they've pushed propaganda
and they've worked against the American
people quite
directly but we are to
believe that our own intelligence people
would be unaware of these
vulnerabilities in our election system
do you think they were unaware do you
think that are intelligence people have
not gone over the voting machines from
top to bottom and every single time
there's a software
update because they should that should
be their job they should be looking at
all of our systems to make sure they're
secure in America to make sure there are
no foreign people trying to get into our
systems and they should also be because
it's their job to figure out how to
crack those same systems if they're used
in another country I'm not saying they
have or that they can I'm saying that's
their job it's literally their job to
know how to do
this
now so we are to
believe that there are machines that
according to these experts have these
vulnerabilities we have an intelligence
group whose job it is to exploit exactly
this type of
vulnerability but typically
overseas
and we know that they've worked Ops
against the American people for the
benefit of
Democrats now these are these are the
things we know so far all these are
non-controversial these are things the
CNN would report the same way I did
there's no there's no question about any
of these well that they would lie about
the Russia collusion hoax but we all
know the truth there so you tell me that
a group who has created a track record a
recent one it's not I'm not talking
history a very recent current I'll call
it current it's so recent a current
record of doing an OP against the
American people a clear uh suggestion
that these machines might have
vulnerabilities but that would be have
to be determined in court that's not
proven has to be proven in court um so
they have the ability the motivation and
the track
record they have the
ability the motivation is clear from
recent
experience
motivation ability and a clear recent
track record of doing
exactly sketchy things like
this but the election was great it was
fine now let me say again is clearly as
possible I'm not aware of any uh
cheating in the 2020 election that would
have changed the election I'm not aware
of anything and and I don't think that
the point of this um This legal
challenge here I don't think the point
of it is to show the election was rigged
I believe the point of it is to make
sure that they're not rigged in the
future that's a whole different question
so we don't know anybody used any
vulnerabilities but we'll certainly find
out if these are true vulnerabilities CU
remember Dominion gets gets there time
in court and remember also that
Dominion's been successful right you you
don't want to go against their lawyers
because they've won they won against Fox
News so don't assume that because one
group of people made accusations about
vulnerabilities that once a the other
experts weigh in don't assume that these
vulnerabilities will stand because they
might it might be that you hear oh no we
have a way of catching this right away
the people who checked don't know that
we check for this you it's going to be
that sort of thing so keep an open
mind do you know about the Stanford
internet Observatory group it's a uh the
Govern it's a US government funded group
at Stanford who allegedly should do this
nonpartisan uh sort of
factchecking on social media but of
course they uh demand censorship of
Republican elected officials this is
Michael Shelton BG's report Shelton
Berger's reporting um
but they were not uh they were not doing
the same for Democrats so in other
words the government created a cutout
for the Democrats that would then uh go
after the social media people allegedly
trying to both sides it but in reality
just trying to kill Republican speech
that's a real thing not only is it real
and well documented but it still exists
it's still there but this is the sort of
thing where you think in like a
functional country the moment you found
out it existed they would be embarrassed
and have to disband nope nope just going
to keep doing it right in front of you
with with no apologies whatsoever now I
guess it doesn't work on X you know
because musk is going to tell them to
pound sand but it exists it's like a
real thing
um and uh Thomas Massie points out that
uh he he said I would say this amounts
to an illegal unreported campaign
contribution to the
Democrats but it's actually much worse
this group used taxpayer dollars to
silence
conservatives just think about that it's
not just that there's a group helping uh
helping Democrats and and they're not
counting it as a campaign contribution
which obviously it is it's one group
that's but they're paid by the US
government so Republicans are paying
taxes to the government some of which is
given to this group to make the people
who paid those taxes shut up about their
public their their
opinions it couldn't be
worse I mean it should be illegal at
least as a campaign
contribution
all right
um and
uh so uh representative Massie tried to
stop this situation by killing its
funding uh but because we don't have a
good speaker of the house and we've got
19 Republicans who kept uh the speaker
bringing any bills to the floor that uh
they they didn't have the ability the
Republic an did not have the
cohesiveness Ju Just keep this in mind
the Republicans didn't have the
cohesiveness to stop the
funding of stopping Republicans from
Talking what was there anything easier
for Republicans to do than to stop
funding the thing that is taking their
own rights away and they they couldn't
get that
done just try to hold that in your head
like there's some things you understand
why they can't get done it's like really
hard and they're competing opinions and
what what was the competing opinion on
this
one was was there some Republican who
said you know what I really think we we
should allow them to censor one side but
not the other and the the side they're
going to censor is me I'm I'm in favor
of that how in the world do they go home
not so embarrassed that they could
actually show their face to their
families it's it's kind of amazing to
me well Gavin Nome is as you know he's
he's got like a shadow campaign for
president meaning he's not running
because Joe Biden is running and he
supports Joe Biden but it's nice to have
an emergency backup spare isn't it so as
you know nome's he's traveled to China
and he's making a lot of headlines and
he wants to debate DeSantis and all this
stuff so that he would be in the top of
your mind for the replacement it's kind
of obvious that's what the play is at
this point but as part of his
preparation to be president someday he's
trying out some smaller hoaxes sort of
sort of a a governor level hoax and if
that goes well then I assume he'll try
some presidential level hoaxes because
that's what got Biden elected Biden got
elected on a hoax the fine people hoax
it was his primary campaign thing but
Gavin Newsome believes there's a city in
Tennessee as banned being gay in
public so he's uh he wants you to
believe that's a real thing that
happened that there that in
2023 in the real world he believes this
happened that a city in Tennessee banned
being gay in public now do I need to
tell you why that didn't happen or or
can you can I just stipulate obviously
that didn't happen would you like to
know what did happen that would make
anybody think this
happened yes the the city in Tennessee
uh banned public
sex for
everyone they banned public
sex for
everyone and that got turned into you
know on social media and then Gavin
probably believed it he believed that
they had banned being gay not having
sex just being gay in public and he and
he posted this like it really happened
now like I say this is a this is a small
hoax this is not like a this is not a
national level hoax more of a this more
of a governor level hoax so he's doing
pretty
well it goes the way you think it does
his his Democrat supporters will see him
say this and they'll say yes our
champion is fighting for our rights
again against the evil uh Republicans
and these people in Tennessee
they will never know that this was a
hoax they will never know it was a hoax
so it worked because he's not really
trying to get any Republican support and
the Republicans are screaming hoax hoax
and they're showing the actual law to
prove it's a oax I mean you could read
the letter of the law it's
obvious but you should have spotted this
one without
checking do you feel me this one you
should have known was a hoax before you
looked into it because it's too on the
nose it's just too on the nose it it
wouldn't make sense to even see this in
2023 right if you ever saw this as a
real story I mean I'd be pretty
surprised now this is a good example of
the uh Scott Alexander um concept now
Scott Alexander was a blogger who used
that fake name but then he got outed I'm
not sure what he's doing now but he had
tremendous blog post he was very well
known among the people who follow that
kind of stuff but one of the things he
said is that the reason something
becomes news is that it's not true now
I'm overs summarizing his point but I'll
give you more let me say that again the
reason it's on the news is because it's
not
true like until you understand that
everything is
confusing the reason it's on the news is
because it's not true here's why that's
the case do you know what true things
are
boring boring you know people went to
work today
boring uh inflation went up another you
know point0 whatever
boring um there's still a war in Ukraine
boring there's no news Mo most of the
time the news is just more stuff
happening right there's just more stuff
happening the like before so when you
see something like a Tennessee town band
being gay in public immediately your
your filters should have said wait a
minute that actually stands out right if
it stands out as being like amazingly
wrong the reason it's in the news is
because it's not true right true things
are just not that
interesting it's completely fake things
that are interesting would it be
interesting that President Trump got
elected and did a pretty good job for
his base and other people thought you
know that's not bad either would that be
news no nobody's going to click on that
 but what if they say the president
of the United States is actually working
with Putin well that's news didn't
happen it was news because it didn't
happen right now you you have to be
careful because it's not absolute the
hunter laptop story was actually one
that's a little confusing here like if
you take your brain back when the hunter
laptop story happened my first reaction
was
really we we've got all of the
goods on a laptop that just happened to
be left that's like way too too
convenient well it turns out it was
true so you know none of these rules are
universals you do give surprising things
in the real world but your first
instinct should be I'm not so sure so
whenever you hear a story that's a man
bit a
dog right it's a normal story that a dog
bites a man unless it's you know
President Biden's dog that is a big
story but it's a normal story of a dog
bites a man it would be unusual if a a
man bit a dog so if you ever see these
man bites dog stories just just go ah
I'm going to wait on this one I going to
wait a little while that will serve you
well all right uh the Gaza Hospital
situation where the alleged Hamas
tunnels were beneath the hospital Israel
did get control of the hospital but
they're still going it's really
painfully slow because a lot of booby
trap stuff tunnels are booby trapped but
they have found tunnels so if you're
wondering where are those tunnels they
found them so it was exactly what Israel
was saying there are in fact Hamas um
headquarters and facilities and um our
current understanding is it's exactly
what it look
like uh that's all I
know have you noticed that the news
about Israel just started
shrinking it's like you know the first
few weeks it's like just everything was
news it just started shrinking into well
they they seem to have a hospital
now right like it just gets smaller and
smaller but you know it's a war zone so
the the real news is being squeezed out
all
right um Ukraine just indicted the
people that Rudy Giuliani was talking to
in Ukraine when Giuliani was trying to
find out that Biden was you know up to
no good in Ukraine and took bribes or
something but the the people who were
feeding him this information feeding
this information have now been indicted
for being Russian
agents that seems kind of convenient
isn't
it huh so just just when the Biden crime
family
so-called is really getting the heat
just when they're getting the the
banking records and the you know they
got a copy of the check and all it all
lines up to to show this pattern of
behavior just then zalinski who's having
trouble getting funding from the United
States it's it's almost like he was
doing a favor for
Biden it has that quality to it doesn't
the timing of it and the nature of it it
feels like it feels like he had to do
that for Biden so that Biden would fight
hard to get him some more funding huh so
it looks like a big old coincidence yeah
do you believe that these three people
were uh actually Russian agents
trying to you know fool Giuliani could
be actually that part I I would think
might be true but do you think nobody
knew this two years
ago do you think zinsky is just finding
this out that these three had
connections probably not it does seem to
me that the timing is
such that maybe zinski was holding back
a favor you know what I mean like maybe
maybe I've got a few favors I can hold
back unless I'm getting what I
want anyway it looks sketchy to
me um in the worst news of the day uh
Dana carvey's son died of an overdose we
don't know if fanel was involved but you
do assume now Dana carvey's son was in
his early 30s and um you know I have
some experience with this 5 years ago my
stepson had an OD OD died
and uh Dana Carvey comedian Dana
Carvey
anyway um now I don't know the exact
timing of
this but I believe that Dana Carvey
lives in the North Bay uh above San
Francisco so there is some chance and I
don't know this to be true there's some
chance that president shei was talking
to Biden about cracking down on
fenel while this tragedy was
happening you know walking distance
away that that might have actually been
happening so there's nothing to say
about that except it's the height of
terrible you know you you can't get much
more terrible than
that so I guess that's the main thing to
say about that the height of
terrible so um you know our
I guess we can say that we feel we feel
bad and we sympathize and we empathize
of course we do but what help the next
one the the next OD is already happening
there will be uh over a hundred of them
today so today there'll be over 100 of
them do you believe that uh China's
going to do anything about fenel
apparently they agreed that they would
presidency now what he negotiated was
there's some lab over in China that was
having restrictions from America and he
negotiated to get that lab freed up
because he needed the lab to test to do
something to make sure that no fentanyl
got to the United States does any of
that sound true like that's the story
but does any of that sound true it
doesn't even sound a little bit true do
do you know what it would take to stop
the fenel
flow they actually know the names of the
people in charge of the companies making
the the
stuff we we can hand them the name of
the actual Chinese citizen who's the
criminal do you think they needed a
lab they don't need a
lab they needed the name of the criminal
they know where he lives they know what
he
makes like cuz America knows right
America has actually publicized the name
of the fento kingpins in China there's
no mystery to what you need to do and
somehow Biden negotiated away some some
kind of sanctions on the
lab like did he really believe that had
something to do with whether or not
China can find this one or family I
guess what is the guy in hiding do you
think that China can't find a
citizen does anybody anybody believe
that China can't find a specific
citizen that's specified no of course
they can yeah so I don't believe
anything that she says about stopping
fenel because he made exactly the same
pres uh same promise to to uh Trump and
did
nothing now I do I do think he made it a
death sentence to make fenel but it
didn't cover all the the changes they
can make to the precursors they just
tweak it a little bit and the law
doesn't cover it that's why it's not
about them changing the laws because
that won't get there and it's not about
having a lab that can test
anything you don't need it you know who
the perpetrator is just kill them just
kill them you know why would that be
hard all right so ladies and
gentlemen that
completes the best live stream you're
going to see
today
and
uh
what
all
right um anything else I
forgot uh Bank info to see how much
they're paid
yeah I wouldn't suggest I don't
interview the family workspace
what yeah or Exon is uh entering the
lithium battery business huh digging in
Arkansas
uh cwsa is coffee with Scott Adams
that's what this show
is I got really tired of typing it and I
thought well I'll leave some Mysteries
so you can figure out what it
is so I left you some mystery and you
fell for
it I was going to say you know welcome
all
colonizers and those who love
colonizers now I think what the problem
was with the ADL is
that once the ADL started supporting
people who had the colonizer oppressor
model there was no way that wasn't going
to come back on
Israel you get that as soon as the ADL
bought into the oppressor repressed
colonizer model which they did prior to
20120 that
guaranteed that Israel would come to the
crosshairs as a you know a accused
colonizer so you the facts don't matter
so we're not arguing any facts we're
just saying that that's what the
accusation would
be all right thanks for joining YouTube
I will see you tomorrow for more amazing
content See you
that