bum-bum-bum bum-bum-bum hey everybody
it's a special coffee with Scott Adams
travel edition yes I'm on the road
that's why things look a little
different in here this morning but you
know what's never different what's never
different is the unparalleled pleasure
with a simultaneous simple coming to you
in a dainty cup today not my big
masculine mug that I'd like to use but
whatever kind of a vessel you have be it
a challenge to Stein or a tankard could
it be a cup or a glass or a mug the
thermos or possibly a flask fill it with
your favorite liquid I like coffee join
me now for this simultaneous sip and the
dopamine yet that will get you through
the rest of the day can you believe that
of all the things in the world a hotel
would get wrong the the first time they
delivered my coffee this morning it came
in a cup that had a hole in it have you
ever gotten a a coffee mug in a hotel
that a hole in it I didn't even know
that was the thing I kept poured coffee
in it they kept running into the saucer
so it took me two more tries and I got a
better cup and now I'm good to go good
to go so if you checked out the stock
market lately real what's going crazy I
can barely handle the speed right that's
my impression of me looking at my stocks
right because it's all good today let's
enjoy it while we can
apparently has something to do with
China and the tariffs and being good to
China and blah blah blah all right let's
talk about the president went to North
Korea I still can't get over how cool
that was now normally you don't use the
the word a cool when it comes to
government you don't think of
politicians and think cool maybe you
just don't think that but the fact that
Trump even thought of this idea
of just stopping by the DMZ to say hi
just the fact that even considered that
much less the Pat the fact that he
pulled it off much less the fact that it
will be one of the it will be one of the
all-time most famous photographs ever
and apparently apparently did something
good for the country in the world so
that part is great but the comments from
his critics are the funny part because
there's not much to say that would be
sensible and a criticism but of course
it's a political season people are
running for president so they have to
prove to criticize them but but they
don't have much to go on so I'm gonna
read you two criticisms one from Kamala
Harris one from Elizabeth Warren and
look how weak these are they're just
sort of words put together all right so
here's Harris first she says this
president should take the North Korean
nuclear threat and its crimes against
humanity seriously you don't think Trump
is taking nuclear war seriously what
what kind of a comment is that is there
anybody in the entire world who doesn't
take the risk of nuclear war seriously I
mean that's that's some weird
mind-reading right there right so she
starts off with something ridiculous the
he should the president should take the
North Korean nuclear threat and his
crimes against humanity seriously then
she says this is not a photo op our
security and our values are at stake
okay has she noticed that the personal
relationship with Kim jong-un is
actually the primary variable that's
moving things in a productive direction
the very thing that is the only thing
that's worked literally the only thing
that's worked with North Korea is the
thing that she's criticizing it's the
only thing that's work
everything else we've ever tried hasn't
worked he does something that clearly is
productive we don't know where it's not
going to end up but clearly we're not in
fighting fighting mode anymore now we're
in how can we be friends mode completely
different let's see what Lizabeth Oren
says she says our president shouldn't be
squandering American influence on photo
ops notice they're all going to use the
photo op thing so they're gonna try to
diminish one of the greatest statesmen
like plays of all time in the history of
the world this is one of the coolest and
effective political plays of all time
befriending Kim jong-un and then turning
that into something productive
she says it's squandering American
influence on photo ops and exchanging
love letters with a ruthless dictator
instead oh okay
okay it's not just criticism Warren
apparently has a prescription for how to
do this better all right so now she said
that Trump's just took a photo op but
the next part of her tweet should be the
part where she's got some concrete ideas
ready to do this better I can't wait for
this
and she says instead we should be
dealing with North Korea through
principled diplomacy that promotes u.s.
security defense our allies and upholds
human rights um what does any of that
mean
I believe that's just a bunch of words I
believe that her solution to defending
the United States against nuclear
Armageddon is she can put some words
together that's it
she put words together there's not one
part of that that tells us what to do or
how to do it or why it would be
different it's just words let me tell
you where a Warren is completely
hopeless
she's an academic if I said to you the
President of the United States is a
successful businessperson billionaire
who will have four years experience as
one of the most wedding presidents of
the United States so that's one resume
so billionaire successful across
multiple fields of business very
experienced also four years of being the
President of the United States the most
successful one
okay that's his resume Warren is an
academic and the lawyer and the senator
who never managed anything are those
even in the same category an academic a
lawyer I mean I realize that lawyers
often become politicians and they do
well but I'm talking about the matchup
if you run anybody who's this a
successful business person against
anybody who's a lawyer I don't even have
to tell you is rotting do I successful
business person vs. lawyer who does the
public want to be their president not so
much the lawyer right in order to get a
lawyer as president do you know who that
they have to run against another lawyer
you know the way to the only way that
you get a lawyer as president is to run
against another lawyer or somebody
pretty weak all right um so that matchup
is not good I don't think that Trump
versus Warren is a matchup that the
Democrats will decide they want I think
they're gonna want to put Harris against
Trump because at least Harris was a
badass when she was a prosecutor so if
you're gonna be a lawyer probably helps
to be a prosecutor because your own team
will vote for you anyway because you're
on their team
the other team won't think you're too
soft so Republicans are gonna look at a
prosecutor and say well she's a lefty
socialist but she was tough on crime
can't you can't take that away from her
she was tough on crime so I think she
looks like a better match up and the the
academic thing that Harris has is sort
of a kiss of death the last thing you
want is an academic as president now I
realize she's also a senator and a
lawyer and those things count too but
the academic part just comes through in
her tweet in the way that makes her look
like she's an engineer of words Trump is
an engineer of minds right so what Trump
engineers is your thoughts he directly
reaches into your brain and makes you
think about the world differently that's
what he does that's what a salesperson
does and if you hate the president
that's what a con man does so depending
on your spin of it it's all influence
but he engineers how people think Warren
engineers of words just sentences she's
she's an academic she's she's on sort of
this intellectual plane that doesn't
help anybody alright enough about that
here's somebody on Twitter with TDs and
have you noticed that the people with
TDS tend to have it in very similar ways
that is to say very much like an
alcoholic if you've ever been around
alcoholics have you noticed there's a
sameness to have they act I want to see
in the comments how many of you have
noticed this if you've been around more
than one actual alcoholic not just
somebody who has too many drinks once in
a while but actual alcoholics they have
a sort of a syndrome a personality if
you will that you can tell what they're
gonna say before they say it all right
so alcoholics have a very similar
personality that the alcohol causes
apparently
but the people with TDs have this
weirdly similar way of thinking that
doesn't seem to be because they read it
from other people see if you noticed
this watch how often somebody with TDS
will come down on the same point
independent of ever having heard anybody
else with TDS a it they they hit sort of
a similar mode which is how you can tell
or well let me not make a medical
diagnosis here I'm not qualified for
that but my observation is that it looks
like a medical and I mean this seriously
completely complete seriousness now it
looks like a medical mental condition
and one of the tells for that is that
they have similar symptoms without
having seen the other person's symptoms
they don't seem to be just influenced by
each other
so here's an example on Twitter somebody
said talking about the president
betrayal of the most vital national
interest is about as much as it would be
possible to have gotten so he's saying
that the president is betrayed vital
national interests to which I say ah
which ones what are you talking about
and then there's an article in that the
New York Times and so here's the the
headline for New York Times article by
Greg Weiner I guess were wider the image
of a president Trump as a political
Robin Hood whose illicit behavior is
justified because it serves a greater
good is doubly flawed so there's some
retreat by the anti-trump errs they seem
to be beaten down by the facts so the
facts our economy good North Korea
trending positive probably do ok with
China trade talks all the big stuff is
trending the president's way even the
border immigration situation because it
worsened so much even the people who
said he was being a hard-ass about
having strong border security
are probably saying to themselves well
he was right about this if you if you
make it attractive to come here more
people will come the problem will get
worse I guess that's true so the
president is so solid on the the stuff
you can measure that the TDs people have
retreated to a safe space where they'll
say bad things about his character or
about you know they'll say he's you know
lied or is whatever and they're gonna
use the character attack to say that the
ends don't justify the means
in other words they're gonna say stuff
such as he's talking to dictators so if
it's working you know it should be
measured on the on the level of whether
it works so watch the TDS people retreat
to character attacks and saying that the
ends do not justify the means that the
way he does it is inappropriate even if
it works
think about that people are saying that
the way he does it is unacceptable even
when it works they've sort of accepted
that the part that it works because if
you're saying the ends don't justify the
means
you have uncritically accepted that
you're gonna get the mean yeah the means
don't justify the ends if somebody says
the means so justify the ends they have
uncritically accepted that he's going to
achieve the ends the ends being what
good economy peace those are the ends so
they've accepted his effectiveness and
they're talking about whether we as
moral creatures can accept all of that
effectiveness if the price of it is that
our feelings may be hurt and that it's
doing something to our national
character that in some indirect way that
we can't quite put together that there's
indirect badness of
his character is going to destroy us in
the long run even though sure sure it's
nice that we have a strong economy and
peace all over the world that's great
but is it worth all these bad character
things that will be will be subjected to
to be that looks like TDS that looks
like you've completely run and stuff so
watch how often you see character
attacks there that that except his
effectiveness what was the thing that I
told you the president I said this is
this is my most wrong prediction I ever
made
okay so I'm going to accept now this is
my most wrong prediction I said that
after the first year of Trump's
presidency people would be saying some
version of he's effective but I don't
like it do you remember that and then by
the and I also said that people would be
embarrassed to be against him
sure enough sure enough I I was after
the game I was way too early so I was
wrong about that but we are seeing all
of the media say he's effective but we
don't like it it's the most common thing
they're saying is he's effective but we
don't like it anyway so I was early on
that here's another prediction I made
that I'm gonna have some fun with I
think remember before the first election
2016 I said that Trump would win in a
landslide so my prediction was not just
win but I said Trump would win in a
landslide now he didn't win in a
landslide in fact he lost the popular
vote and although many people who are
Pro Trump said that the electoral
college was a landslide others said well
it's not that landslide II it's it's
bordering on approaching looking sort of
like it could approach landslide II but
it didn't quite get there
but what do you think the second
election is gonna look like I I have a
feeling that we might see that landslide
after all because things are really
shaping up like the Democrats don't have
a frickin chance does anybody think they
have a chance as we sit here today one
of the funniest things that the
president has done and there are a lot
of funny things he's done
yeah there are a lot of funny things as
president has done intentionally but one
of the things he's done semi
intentionally is remember everybody said
let's not normalize this behavior this
behavior was everything he does the way
he tweets the way he runs the country by
through Twitter and by the way yeah well
I'll talk about that a minute but you
know he insults people he gives them
nicknames he fights back no matter what
etc and everybody said the same thing
all the the critics they said we can't
normalize this behavior dear God we
can't normalize this and what happened
it got normalized it got normalized
right if wouldn't you be disappointed if
the president didn't tweet a good
nickname for Carla Harris
let's say he ends up running against her
wouldn't you be disappointed if he
didn't have a nickname for of course you
would of course you would because it's
normalized now so the president has
literally normalized all of that stuff
that people said don't normalize this
and what's the downside let me let me
let me check uh-huh let me check my bank
account okay check my bank account huh
all that stuff got normalized and yet my
bank account did not go down about my
stocks check my stocks huh he'd
normalized all of that bad behavior and
my stocks are up let's check out North
Korea huh North Korea looks like he's
heading in a good direction and yet he
normalized all of those insults
can we agree now that normalizing that
stuff didn't make any difference except
maybe helped didn't make any difference
all right in fact I've actually you
probably seen it now have you seen some
pundits actually say that they've
actually said some version of well he's
been running international relations
through Twitter and it's kind of working
have you heard that people who are
experts are going on television and
they're saying that President Trump is
running the presidency through Twitter
and totally making it work right you're
seeing this right I'm not the only one
who's seen this
people are going on TV experts and
saying yeah okay he's running the
country through Twitter it just felt
like a bad idea
we were pretty sure that was a bad idea
but based on today's perspective it was
a good idea seems to be working and
somebody's asking if I'm growing my hair
out no that's just lack America but
thanks for asking
all right so I announced on Twitter that
I'm gonna start muting I won't be
blocking but I'm gonna mute everybody
who makes a comment about camel heiress
no matter how clever they think it is
and her dating Willie Brown and how that
helped her get a job when she was
earlier earlier in a career so I'm just
gonna mute to all of you so just know
that that's the last time I'll ever hear
from you if you make those comments on
my Twitter feed now I'm not a prude I
don't care about it it doesn't offend me
in any way it's just so small ball and
that's the wrong term it's so minor
league that it offends me
yeah pleasing you know please improve
your game that's all I'm asking and if
you don't
- that's fine I'll mute you I just don't
want to ever hear it again because
talking about somebody's sex life 20
years ago people it's 2019 she's she's
competing to run against President Trump
are you freaking kidding me that this
has any meaning in 2016 it doesn't has
no meaning it's not funny it's not
clever once you heard it you know once
you've heard the clever you know
nickname for her that James Woods gave
her doesn't have any but there's no
power to it it's not persuasive just let
it go please
all right so Iran apparently is reaching
whatever it's agreed cap was on what
processing nuclear fuel and apparently
this would get them closer to nuclear
breaking capability and at the same time
we see North Korea and there's a report
that's been debunked by the
administration but you never know where
at least they're floating the idea of
letting North Korea remain a nuclear
power with some kind of accommodation
now given that we're friendly with North
Korea now I would say that's on the
table I would not think it's first
choice for anybody because anything
could happened Kim could be replaced by
somebody else it was less friendly it
could get in the wrong hands you know
there are a million reasons why North
Korea and nuclear weapons is a bad idea
but what I'm going to suggest is that I
wonder if technology and better thinking
could solve both Iran and North Korea so
here's what I'm going for both Iran and
North Korea have legitimate reasons for
having nuclear power and nuclear
technology but we don't want them to
have weapons and we can imagine a
scenario in which they agreed not to
have them and so what I wonder
could you ever have a model where a
country has nuclear energy but just the
processing of the spent fuel is
controlled by let's say Switzerland you
know I'll just use Switzerland as an
example country of somebody who's
independent who could literally have if
you imagine let's say an embassy I'll
just throw in a wild idea that I'm not
not claiming is the best idea let's say
you put a swiss embassy right next to
the nuclear power plant whether it's
Iran or North Korea and the Embassy is
where all of the the nuclear fuel goes
so it literally goes on to the the
property of Switzerland inside Iran or
inside North Korea and it becomes
sovereign property of releases on the
sovereign country because the embassy is
sovereign territory and it's just
controlled by a third party who doesn't
have an interest one way or the other
they just don't want nuclear war so is
that practical because you can say to
yourself well if this country wanted to
go nuclear they can always just attack
the Salemba sea because it would be a
whole army against a little embassy but
you would see a common you know it
wouldn't happen overnight
you'd kind of see it coming and if such
a thing happened well that might be the
time that you have to attack that
country for trying to get that nuclear
fuel so I think that would give you a
pretty good cushion a pretty good
cushion for you know reacting in time if
a country tried to get this fuel for bad
reasons so I'm just gonna throw that out
there I'm just from another suggestion
that's more technological and let me
admit that I don't understand this well
enough I'll just put it out there but my
understanding is that if you co-located
a generation three nuclear power plant
next to a generation four nuclear power
plant put them in the same location
the generation 3 would produce some
spent fuel which you wouldn't want to be
sitting around because if it could be
used for nukes but the generation 4 site
could use that spent fuel for its own
spent fuel or for its own fuel so you
could take it through generation 3 which
you'd be billed right away and is safe
enough and you so you could you know get
get going with power and productively
use this material and then put a
generation 4 which might take a little
more development etc to get it where you
want it to be but you could build that
up so that the spent fuel becomes its
fuel and then it processes it down to
almost nothing left so there's a
technological solution as long with me
with maybe an embassy type solution so
so if you could imagine that the nuclear
power plant is actually sitting on
regular Iranian territory but the fuel
is always immediately moved to these
with Swiss Embassy as an example so I'll
just put that out there there might be
some way to allow peaceful nuclear power
in in a tremendously positive way you
know really good for the country and
everybody wins it's possible alright
let's see what else we've got to talk
about here let's talk about Portland so
you're all aware that anti-shah got
violent in Portland and beat up and Ino
and at least one other person got beaten
severely beaten with metal pipes on the
head and and some pretty bad stuff now
I'm very much against boycotts I
I generally resist boycotts about
products because that stuff just gets
out of control right if you start
boycotting products everybody's
boycotting everybody until there's
there's no economy left but I will say
that I wouldn't go too
and under Portland's president's current
situation but the reason I wouldn't go
is for safety so I'm not suggesting that
you boycott Portland for political
reasons because I think boycotts for
political reasons just ends up you know
that ends up being a bad idea
but simply not going someplace because
you don't because you consider it unsafe
is perfectly reasonable thing to do so
there are plenty of countries in the
world that I also wouldn't visit but I
don't say I'm boycotting them right like
I wouldn't go to Syria but I'm not
boycotting Syria it's just too dangerous
so I'm gonna say clearly and publicly
that I will not travel to Portland as
long as they allow masked terrorists
domestic terrorists as long as they
allow masked terrorists to gather in
large groups and attack people
apparently with immunity because the
masks allow them to escape fairly easily
as long as that's legal and allowed in
Portland I'm not going near the place
because I would be recognized so
presumably anti-shah wants to hit
everybody who says anything positive
about this president wants to beat them
with clubs I'm not going anywhere near
Portland and I would suggest that if you
have any political leanings toward the
president you should not go to Portland
either and you should talk about it
because Portland needs to know that they
just lost half of their and honestly if
you if you were planning a trip to
Portland I wouldn't go so yeah people
are talking about concealed carry and
all that but why would you cause more
trouble for yourself than you need all
right
so my understanding is that the mayor of
Portland is also also the Chief of
Police is that true list
that sounds terrible Oh let's talk about
yeah so Ali Alexander had been
questioning camel heiresses let's say
ethnic credentials you know because
Ali's african-american but he was saying
that Kamala Harris is not technically
african-american because her father was
Jamaican etc your mother was Indian or
whichever it is it doesn't matter of
course I am completely uninterested in
this question because if you have not
noticed I am I'm not I'm not a
legitimate commentator on that topic so
personally I don't care what Elias I
don't care what gobble is I'm not the
one who gets to judge what we call him
they can they can figure that out on
their own but what's funny is that Don
jr. got some heat for retweeting Ali
Alexander's question and and just asking
if it was accurate now he deleted it
because it caused a little more trouble
than it was worth
but he was asked about it he was asked
about it and apparently the response
that he gave back was a link to CNN's
Don Lemon saying exactly the same thing
apparently Don Lemon was also
questioning
Komal Harris's I know ethnic credentials
or what label you put on her and he was
saying the same thing the belly
Alexander said exactly the same thing so
rather than dungeons so Don jr. rather
than commenting on it he just sends him
a link to CNN saying exactly the same
thing which you I love the fact that Don
jr. has the same sense of humor as his
father and the same sense of humor as
the supporters for the most part they
are the funniest family by far
and there's the two funniest people in a
funny family so I I can imagine
wouldn't you love to go to like just
listen in on a dinner conversation with
the Trump family and the kids just like
listen again
you know if they knew you weren't there
so they could talk freely it will
probably be the funniest freakin thing
you've ever you've ever attended
yeah and Ali was successful in simply
getting everybody to talk about it now
if you're not following Ali Alexander
you really should because you're
watching you get to watch something
something being built from the ground up
so he's a young guy but he's a young guy
who has made really good mentoring
connections shall we say and so watching
him develop his his game is really fun
because this is a perfect example of his
effectiveness as now that's now going to
the next level so he's he's
understanding that what you talk about
is the point the point is not your logic
your what label you put on things it's
none of that it's it's making you focus
where he wants you to focus and what Ali
did quite effectively is he made
everybody talk about this topic and it
didn't really matter what they thought
of it he got them to talk about it so he
he essentially controlled the news cycle
at least a corner of the news cycle by
himself I mean think about that
the Ali Alexander probably sitting at
home with his phone can you spell his
first name al I yeah I just imagined Ali
sitting at home he's like just him and
his phone nobody else in the world this
is just how I imagined it I don't know
where he actually was but sitting in his
home and and he thinks okay watch this
boom boo-boom boo-boom fires off a tweet
one guy one phone probably his phone one
tweet and he controlled probably a
quarter of the news cycle for a week
that's pretty good so let's give a shout
out to effectiveness and and that's a
talent stack by the way I always talked
about talent stacks where you combine
different skills that maybe you're not
the best in the world at any one thing
but if you put together a good stack of
them you've got something you're
watching you're watching le do that
right in the front of you it's fun to
watch all right um bitcoin is going
crazy let's let's see what we got here
everybody's asking about in the comments
I just want to see if it's still way up
it was this morning nope bitcoins back
down so it went up and now it's down a
little bit down twelve percent or so but
it's jumping all around today the when
the value is also gyrating wildly and
we're gonna I'll be talking about some
things in the coming week maybe in a few
more days they'll that you'll be
interested in if you own the when
alright the number of people are adding
the interface by one hub button to their
websites and I'll talk about those so
those of you who did it hold tight and I
will be mentioning your website's and
anybody else wants to have it I'll
mention to you as well alright that's
all I got to do to talk about today and
I will talk to you all later