bumbum bumbum
hey everybody hey Jake come on in here
Kevin
good to see you Donna have a seat
confetti 20/20
always a pleasure Todd Brian Duke Andy I
see you all and you know why you're here
and I know why you're here it's because
you like the simultaneous it but it
doesn't take much to do it all it takes
us a couple more glasses type the
chalice of tacular a thermos of plastic
canteen the vessel
run-run grab something put a liquid in
it like coffee and if you're ready you
can join me for the simultaneous up it
gets your dopamine govern it's the part
that makes your whole day better
everything's better after the
simultaneous sip go let me say this
about the hurricane Dorian if if I say
if you're a person who was hoping a
hurricane Dorian would wipe out
mar-a-lago because you think it would be
awesome you're a bad person that's all
that's all I'm going to say if you're
disappointed that mar-a-lago did is not
going to get destroyed by Dorian you're
a bad person let me give you an update
on the little China as you know China is
the number one by far number one
exporter of fentanyl to this country
generally through Mexico now we have
some competing information on this story
you will decide what is true and what is
not so a border patrol official
testified that the flow of deadly
fentanyl from China has dropped
precipitously that's that was good right
so the flow of deadly fentanyl in China
has dropped a lot do you believe that
whoa what does that mean when we just
got we just captured enough fentanyl
from China in Virginia I think it was
that would would be enough to kill 14
million people and what about the what
was it 25 tons of fentanyl that we just
caught off the coast of Mexico that was
from China are we counting those two
gigantic shipments that we caught as
part of this precipitous decline in
shipments I have some questions I don't
believe it
so here's something else so President Xi
said he would do something to stop the
fentanyl trade he said he would make it
illegal make it a capital offense and
apparently there's some activity along
those lines so Lu Yujin a narcotics
commissioner vice vice commissioner and
narcotics Commission's vice commissioner
so this is an official from China told
reporters that in May China began
regulating all fentanyl related drugs as
class of controlled substances so I
don't know if that's enough
does it count that they change the law
to take care of all the the analogues
the things that are like fentanyl but
just slightly different so they before
they used to be legal because they were
slightly different and now they're
illegal is that enough and Lu Chinese
officials noted the fentanyl deaths
continue to rise despite increasingly
strict controls on the Chinese side well
is that true
are there are there increasingly strict
controls and and Lu said that no
fentanyl smuggling cases have been
discovered between the US and China
since the new measures were implemented
what
and as the article notes
this was uncia nominally that like I
said we're officials of Virginia just
found a whole bunch of it that they they
captured from China so it sounds as
though it sounds as though China is
pretending to do something but not doing
something they're probably just shipping
it through their third countries so in
other words if they say oh yeah the
shipments from from China to the United
States or we're going to come they might
be it might be way down but they're a
way up if you count the stuff they
shipped to Mexico that Mexico ships here
but here's the canary in the coal mine
you should ignore everything that's said
on this topic until this one person I
think his name is Jang is dead yeah Geum
Jang I don't know if I'm pronouncing
right
Zha ng is the biggest fentanyl dealer in
China we know his name the United States
has has named him as the guy and as far
as I know he's still alive if he's still
alive the biggest the biggest fentanyl
dealer in China they're not doing
anything I want to see a story a
reliable story that says that that guy
by name is dead you say he's been
executed because if it's true that
they've changed the laws to make it a
capital offense and that's not clear
it's not clear that they've changed it
that much then that guy should be dead
by now
China works fast so I'm on record as
saying that we are pushing on China
meaning the United States the Trump
administration and they should they are
tying it to trade negotiations and they
should China is embarrassed enough that
they're doing something about it or
pretending to and they should but it's
all meaningless it's all meaningless
until that one guy
is dead because until he's dead it's
obvious they're not really doing
anything it's obvious that it's just
more China making promises they're not
keeping speaking of promises they're not
keeping let's talk about Hong Kong I
have two predictions about Hong Kong
number one China can't lose in the long
run they might have to pull back they
might pretend they're pulling back but
remember it's a long game and China has
all the power of the influence
eventually they'll do whatever they need
to do to get full control of Hong Kong I
don't think there's any any chance that
what would happen but here's the second
part of the prediction they're gonna be
sorry they won if China had simply said
okay Hong Kong you could do your thing
over there we'll do our thing as long as
it doesn't cause us any trouble we're
all good if they had done that they
could probably just keep ticking along
like they always had and things would be
fine but once they absorb Hong Kong and
the Chinese people see this story and
they see what it's done they will have
weaponized however many what millions of
people against their own country so Hong
Kong is could we eat them from the
inside I think that their system is in a
lot of peril now because once they do
get control of Hong Kong and they will
might be in a year it might be in a day
might be in 25 years but they will
eventually they will they just have too
much power to influence for that not to
happen eventually but it's gonna take
them out it's gonna change their system
they're gonna they're gonna choke down
Hong Kong and it's gonna kill them over
time because it's going to change the
psychology and within the country in a
way that you can't can't put that you
can't put that back on the bottle all
right
outrage theater of the day you know I'd
like to show one outrage a day here's
the outrage of the day from Eric's Wawa
representatives wall well my
representative he says in a tweet
if Trump golfing stops hurricanes and
mass shooting we'd never see either
again but we've been racked by both this
weekend so put the club's away and do
your damn job you can't be golfing
during a hurricane don't golf
during a hurricane you're golfing and
there's a hurricane I'm outraged but
you're not of course you're not because
what does wall well think President
Trump was supposed to be doing instead
of golfing because I'm pretty sure that
he told FEMA to do it is going to do I'm
pretty sure that the government has is
all lined up to do whatever it needs to
do what was what exactly was the
president's supposed to be doing on the
weekend waiting for the hurricane
because I don't think he could have
flapped his arms and made it go away so
this fake outrage that somebody taking
the weekend off no matter how often he
doesn't I'm pretty sure taking the
weekend off this is a good thing not a
bad thing so there's that there's a
report that is weirdly not on CNN or Fox
News but I saw it in a lesser site they
said after 18 years of war the US and
the Taliban have agreed on some kind of
a peace deal where we would remove I
know some percentage of forces there do
you believe that do you believe that the
Taliban and the United States have a
peace deal and it might work well I
don't know I mean I love to think it is
going to happen but until the major
sites are new sites are reporting this
as a real thing I don't know I'm going
to be skeptical on that but we're moving
in the right direction
there's an interesting thing happening
with nuclear power California I just
tweeted around an article by Michael and
Sheldon Berger and it talks about how
California might have to go nuclear or
at least keep open some nuclear sites
that might have otherwise closed because
otherwise they just can't get to where
they need to get it just isn't there's
no other way to get there renewables
won't do it and I was looking at the
landscape now and apparently according
to this article also a recent Gallup
poll shows the support for nuclear
energy is inching up in other words
nuclear energy which has always been
unpopular just sort of hit the bottom
and it's inching up could it be could it
be all of the persuasion that's
happening on this because there are
certainly a lot of people talking about
it but here's the here's the the
landscape
I believe Bernie Sanders says no to
nuclear I believe he says moratorium
meaning don't build any new ones fact
check me on that but i think bernie is
anti nuclear power
interestingly though aoc the most famous
architect of the green New Deal is open
to it she doesn't say yes and she
doesn't say no and it's yet another
example of why she's way smarter than
most of her critics believe she is she
is way smarter than you think she is
because nuclear is scientifically
speaking kind of the only thing you
could do if you're really concerned
about climate change now it's not the
only thing you can do but it's the only
thing that's going to be big enough what
and this can be scaled enough to make a
difference so now you have yang who's
openly and vocally in favor of nuclear
energy
you've got AOC who's vocally and
publicly in favor of at least you know
having the conversation and she says it
now keep in mind there's no chance that
a AOC would say she's open to the car
about nuclear unless she already liked
it right say you're open to the
conversation is pacing hers her base she
can't just say hey nuclear all the way
but the fact that she says she's open to
it tells me where that say 95% certainty
that she's looked into it
and she knows we need it so I'm gonna
say that AOC being on the side of
nuclear even though she says she's only
open to the conversation I believe
that's a clear indication that she's
she's leading her her followers you know
what first by pacing them and say well
we could have the conversation there's
nothing wrong with talking yes sir so
then people say well alright we'll talk
about it maybe there's something new and
there is something new which is it used
to be a lot more dangerous than it is
now that's new
so between yang and AOC being on that
side and also Biden Biden is pro-nuclear
he's not making the biggest deal in the
world about it but he's publicly and
solidly pollutant pro-nuclear as part of
the solution
and of course the Trump administration
is pro nuclear and the Energy Department
is doing things to try to stimulate
development of new plants so here's what
I think just happened I think public
opinion just turned a corner because you
know that it's hard to to pick out a
turning point when you're in it usually
it's it's more obvious you know if
you're looking at the history if you
look at the far history you can tell
where all the points happen because you
know you can just graph them but I think
we just reached and I mean just as in
2019 a turning point where there's
something like well there's a majority
the Republicans are already prone OOP
there and the most important voices or
at least the ones considered the most
the youngest scientific irrational
voices auc and yang and even Biden are
pro-nuclear so I feel as though we've
turned a corner and there's something
important is going to happen with
nuclear and probably pretty soon
so there's that let's talk about gun
control I've heard you said that you
know the the United States is really two
countries depending how you want to
slice things it could be lots of
different countries in one but the gun
control since there are big swaths of
the country where they're pro-gun there
are parts of the country where they're
more anti-gun and how do you have one
set of policies that apply to everybody
when some are pro and they probably
would be better off with guns and some
are anti it maybe they'd be worse off
with guns so what do you do here's what
I would do here's my proposal for a gun
regulation are you ready I think the
federal government should draw up a
number of proposals that are complete so
a number of proposals on gun control
that are complete proposals that the
federal government then does nothing
with so I'm not asking the federal
government to pass any laws none zero
laws I'm asking the federal government
to create some standardized suggested
laws for the states and what makes it
more powerful is that they would be
complete laws in other words smart
people would look into it and they say
all right background checks what's the
smartest thing we can do with background
checks maybe it includes doing something
with the gun shows and having background
checks there apparently then 90% of the
country is in favor of that but what if
there's a state that's not what if
there's a state that doesn't want to do
that why not give them the option why
not have the federal government
and come up with a set of standardized
States
state friendly regulations that can be
approved by any state or not approved by
the state and then just see how it goes
now I know what you're saying the
motivated people will drive across the
state border to do whatever they're
going to do yeah but I think we would be
able to pick up on that over time in
other words we could interview criminals
and mass killers and say where did you
get your gun we can usually figure it
out and we would find out if the only
thing that happened is that nothing
happened people just went across the
state line and nothing changed that
might happen but generally speaking
whenever you introduce friction people
do change behavior so I would expect
anything with friction would change
behavior so I would take the federal
government out of the business of
passing laws because they can't
apparently our federal government is not
capable of passing laws about guns
because the politics the NRA etc but
they're certainly capable of putting
together a set of standardized suggested
to policies different states would adopt
different ones of them and maybe tweak
them a little bit but you'd have a
standardized set of smart things to do
and then you would be using your States
as the laboratories of democracy as they
were intended the states far more
capable of passing laws would say all
right we passed this one this other
state on the other side of the country
did not pass it let's see how we do
let's see if this new law makes makes us
have fewer problems over the next five
years compared to the other states now
if you do this you have a system which
everybody can love yeah it's a system
instead of a goal and of course there's
no end to how much you could keep
improving these little suggested changes
but I think States should get every you
know every up
vote on a set of restrictions for
themselves and other states may say we
don't need it now here's another thing
that I was looking at on gun control I
didn't realize that
that almost half see half of people or
half of gun owners I'm not sure but
there's a lot of support for a mandatory
buyback of all assault weapons when I
say a lot of support something like half
the country supports that now that's not
nearly enough to make something happen
and probably the majority of you on this
periscope are saying good we don't want
it to happen we don't want some
irrational buyback of ar-15s just
because they look scary so I get that
but how about this what do you be would
you be in favor of instead of a buyback
just changing the laws about who can own
one so I said I made some off the top of
my head suggestions you of the day
suppose you said you can get an ar-15 if
you have experience in the military or
law enforcement so you already have some
credentials as a you know as a person
who can handle a gun and maybe secondly
if you are already a better gun owner
for a while one more gun probably isn't
going to make a difference because you
already own a bunch of guns so maybe
that's an exemption and maybe over 50 ya
veterans etc maybe if you're over 50
maybe no restrictions because people
over 50 don't tend to be big criminals
but and suppose you're a woman if you're
a woman who wants to buy a weapon I
would say that should be okay too
because there's no history of women
being big shooters somebody says oh my
god Scott is totally drinking the
kool-aid if you're saying that you not
understand
what I'm saying you should understand me
to say that there a variety of things
people suggested and there are a variety
of states that could test it what I'm
not suggesting is that everybody have
their their guns taken away I'm very Pro
Second Amendment and I do look at Hong
Kong like the rest of you that the Hong
Kong situation just couldn't happen here
imagine imagine all those people who are
marching in Hong Kong now you move that
to the United States and and it's you
know it's a life or death question for
your Republic how many of those people
would be armed to the teeth quite a few
you would have a lot of weapons come out
in this country if the if the Republic
were actually at risk a lot of weapons
would come in and it would make a
difference it would absolutely make a
difference so I'm pro-gun for all the
same reasons most of you are but I don't
I don't believe this slippery slope I
don't believe that we just start going
in some direction and we can't change
anything almost everything that we do in
this country in this dangerous has
regulations it doesn't kill us I put my
seatbelt on every day it doesn't make me
unhappy you know I I have safety
features in my car doesn't make me
unhappy children can't buy cigarettes
that doesn't make me unhappy we already
have lots of regulations and they mostly
work mostly so I don't mind them on guns
if if you're a absolutist on guns
because the Constitution I would say
that's that's not really a supportable
position to be an absolutist on guns
it's not supportively the way it's not
supportable to be absolutely in favor of
no restrictions
it is not supportable to have you know
to have them all taken away all right so
that's where I stand I think we should
do a better job of slicing and dicing
the public and let's just be honest it's
men under the age of 50 we're doing all
the gun violence so why should they be
treated the same as everybody else
let's let
discriminate let's discriminate against
young men who don't have training that
are not part of the NRA don't already
own guns haven't been in the military
have not been in law enforcement so I
would make lots of exceptions lots of
exceptions but if you're just a loner
who wants to buy your first cut minutes
an ar-15 and you're not a member of the
NRA you've not been in the military
you've never been in law enforcement
that's not good enough for me
now we already have what 10 10 or 20
million AR type weapons in the country
I'm pretty sure we have enough already
that if the government wanted to make a
play you know we could pass them out
we'd have all the guns we needed so I'm
not too worried about that all right
in fact if everybody is you know if the
women all bought the guns they wouldn't
necessarily have to do the fighting
because if we had a revolution in this
country you know the guys would end up
with the guns whether the women were the
ones that license up in the first place
or not all right
somebody made a great suggestion for my
interface by a-1 Hub app listen to the
suggestions so most of you know the the
app my startup makes less you contact
any kind of expert on any topic
whatsoever but you have to be an expert
and you can set your price for anything
you want so right now there are I'm
checking out how many people are
hurricane Watchers I've got one two
three four five so there are five people
on the app right now on the interface by
when a bap who are in Florida and you
could call them and they could point the
camera out the window and they could
show you what the weather looks like as
a hurricane is approaching probably not
too fascinating at the moment because
the hurricane installed but it's out
there but here's a better idea that
somebody had somebody suggested what if
you have people just register on the app
as either Democrats or Republicans and
they make themselves available to debate
just to debate they're not experts
they're just a Democrat or they're just
a Republican or whatever and they just
say available to debate they don't even
have to put a price on it you could do
it for free
say your price is zero because here's
what I found out there are so many
people who want to discuss politics but
can't write how many people do you know
who want to discuss politics with
somebody who's not a troll on Twitter
and you just want to have an honest
discussion with somebody who's
completely on the other page when was
the last time you've had that discussion
I don't even remember I can't even
remember the last time I had an honest
political discussion with somebody who
was completely on the other side
literally I can't remember ever I mean
I'm sure I've done it but I don't
remember the last time it's because you
end up talking to people who agree with
you or because things are so some was so
polarized you end up not having the
conversation so if I if I happen to find
myself you know alone in a room with
somebody who agrees with me we'll have a
conversation about politics but it's
useless because we already agree if I'm
in a room with somebody who's who's got
a you know impeach Trump hat on I'm not
even gonna start the conversation right
if you don't want an unpleasant
situation but there are plenty of people
in this country who would simply had
liked to have an honest conversation
with somebody who's completely on the
other side somebody who will actually
you know engage with you and enjoys
being there and I thought that's
actually a great idea for the app so if
anybody wants to sign up as a an
anti-trump ER or a pro Trump or a
Democrat it could serve it and illiberal
whatever you want to sign up with just
say that you're there to debate see if
anybody calls you up to debate I'd be
surprised if people don't use that
for that purpose because I often find
myself wanting to know what a typical
Democrat is thinking because you can't
really tell online because everybody
lies and trolls and you don't really
know what you're getting online but if
you're actually looking at a person on a
video call about a little bit of cross
pollenization it's scary somebody says
there should be a mediator no I don't
think so
because if somebody lists themselves as
available to have the conversation
they're already incentivized to be nice
about it I mean I don't think trolls are
gonna go on there and you know just be
obnoxious
if you debated em what could they say
except you were a racist well if they do
say that that you say and I recommend
this in my book loser think and I say it
online a lot you should say can you give
me your one strongest piece of evidence
that the president is a racist and and
before they do you say and can we agree
that if your number one best reason
isn't real that you would rethink the
other ones because they might not be
real either because usually they'll come
up with whatever their top thing is and
it's usually not real so I just say
doxxing rules somebody's talking about
doxxing rules and I don't North mess it
out within the app you don't have to
give your identity way or your contact
information so you can have a
conversation in the app well actually
you should give away your identity your
name but not your contact information
you don't need to do that we do that
behind the scenes so we connect you and
but you don't know how to connect with
each other unless you tell each other
can you rate the experts yes you can you
can rate the experts Ted Cruz said he'd
be happy to talk with AOC she said yeah
we can livestream so people can hear
your BS did that really happen
a or see in Ted Cruz talking about
actually live-streaming a debate I would
love to see that I would love to see Ted
Cruz and they ever see have a debate as
long as there was no time limit they
have taken it if they could just
livestream that thing and just chat it
up oh my god in fact they could do it
here let me let me make a better idea
they could pay-per-view that thing for
charity a or C and Ted Cruz could have a
live stream debate in which you have to
pay something to watch it and and donate
that to charity like let's say a
veteran's charity or wherever makes
sense or maybe helping how about donated
to helping the families on the border
how about that how about a pay-per-view
debate between Ted Cruz and AOC and the
the proceeds of that go to help families
and children at the border or in a bad
situation okay well could say well who
could say no to that now here's the
reason that I love this idea Ted Cruz
whatever you think of him as
presidential material he's one hell of a
good debater have you ever seen him you
know doing his Congressional stuff where
he's interviewing somebody in public I
think he's one of the top three
Republicans who can do that sort of
stuff he's really good at that
hey is he also amazing at her you know
her public communication skills now
which of them has a better grasp of the
facts I don't know because I'll bet they
both had a pretty good grasp of the
facts that are relevant to their side
anyway so I can't think of something I
would rather watch you could make it one
topic or multiple topics I would prefer
that they did it with let's say pick
three topics let's say immigration gun
control climate change you know I think
it's better if you if you you know limit
it to something so that they don't just
talk forever
IOC would say no she's trying to stop a
beds for children's Detention Center
well whatever it is I'm sure that they
need more money to make people's lives
more comfortable at the border I'd be in
favor of that let's do it and by the way
I think Ted Cruz that AMC could be
friends I think she could actually be
friends now that those of you were anti
AOC yeah I hear you I hear you what
you're saying I'm just saying that
you're wrong
Cruz is a vincent member upset truth I
wouldn't I wouldn't be surprised he
seems like he's convinced equality Joe
Rogan is moderator yeah could be but you
know what I think they wouldn't even
need a moderator you could do it without
a moderator so long as they both agreed
to let the other one have some time to
talk and I don't think they would go
into it thinking that they were just
gonna shout over the other one I mean I
imagine that they would both be smart
enough to know there's no point in doing
it unless you're really gonna let the
other one talk if there's no time limit
you can let the other one talk make your
notes address all their points when
they're done I don't know that they need
a moderator other than maybe an
introduction I'd be happy to do it
myself
although Joe Rogan wouldn't be better
all right that's all for now I'll talk
to you later