hey everybody come on in it's time yeah
it's time for a coffee with Scott Adams
best part of the day every single time
haven't been wrong yet and what do you
need to enjoy your first moments of
coffee with Scott Adams yes it's the
coffee part or a beverage and all you
need is a cup or mug or a glass a
tankard chelators time to canteen jerker
flask a vessel of any kind fill it with
your favorite liquid I like coffee and
join me now for the unparalleled
pleasure the dopamine the end of the day
the thing that makes everything better
including the pandemic including the
riots including racial strife yeah it
does it's the simultaneous if it happens
now go mmm
yep temperatures going down well the
news is just full of little nuggets for
us to discuss but first I must tell you
this little bit of good news don't you
like to start with the good news well
maybe it wasn't good news for you but it
is for me so yesterday was my birthday
and went out to dinner I went to I know
this is hard to believe a restaurant
have you heard of those it's place you
go to they prepare the food for you
they'll bring it to a table
they'll serve it to you and all you have
to do is pay money it's it's a really
good business model I think it's gonna
catch on
and while the restaurants in my town are
not open the county you one County over
the restaurants were open for outdoor
seating so I got to have my first
outdoor seating restaurant experience
sense I don't know I don't remember the
last time I went to a restaurant
January maybe and I can't tell you how
happy I was oh my god it was just this
little feeling of normality this little
feeling of freedom just take a drive
stop at a restaurant have food it was
incredible
so let me tell you this if you had not
yet experienced the freedom of you know
a little bit of freedom of movement from
the coronavirus of when you do what do
you do it's as good as you think it's
gonna be just as good as you think
really really good so look forward to
that now there's a lot of the news that
I can't talk about today as you know as
a white man in America I don't have free
speech the way lots of other people do
now should I ever have free speech what
I'd love to do is try to help with the
the police situation and the racial
strife I can sort of talk around the
edges but since I'm not allowed to
mention any data and I'm not allowed to
actually give it you know a real honest
opinion on anything I can only sort of
talk about around the edges and we'll do
that today now because I don't have
freedom of speech that was one of
several motivations for making an
announcement now are you ready
announcement time I've made a small
investment in the locals platform now
I've told you before that I'm moving a
lot of my content especially the stuff
that I don't show other places over to
locals locals calm and that's a
subscription service so I can't be
cancelled so because I have no freedom
of speech not in any practical sense I
mean the government obviously lets me
say anything I want but in terms of
society the way it's organized in a
practical sense I don't have freedom of
speech but
I could do a lot more within locals
because the odds of me being canceled
there or low and because it's only
people who want to hear what I have to
say so it's self selecting but beyond
that I can't be kicked off that platform
just for having an opinion so my my
source of of income would not be
threatened should I decide to express my
free speech so that's at least one place
that I can go and have an opinion and by
the way I'm not talking about any kind
of offensive opinions whatsoever I don't
have any opinions that in my opinion
would be the least bit offensive if I
could say them but we don't have the
kind of freedom of speech where you can
say you know offensive things if
somebody just has a different opinion so
so that's going on all right
did you watch did any of you try to
watch CNN last night I I tell you this
all the time and there's no joke to this
at all I watched CNN for the laughs and
sometimes it's really funny last night
was amazing
so as you know the protesters have sort
of cumulatively
come up with this idea of defunding the
police and in fact Minneapolis has the
votes to do that looks like the City
Council wants to relieve some of them
want to defund the police now as you
might imagine given that it's a an
election year in an election year do you
think that the professionals let's say
the professional news people of CNN the
professional democratic advisors the
professional Democrats who have held
office before at a high level do you
think any of them think it's a good idea
to be anti police in an election year I
doubt it I doubt any of the
professionals think that's a good idea
and you can see that in play hilariously
as as CNN tried to coach it's there
literally were trying to coach their
guests to say the right thing because
they were saying the wrong things so far
and they were trying to coach them into
explaining what defunding the police
means and I could go through the various
examples so there was the let's say you
had the let's see you had the well a lot
of people wait in you had the mayor of
something who had one opinion oh yes so
you had the council president
Lisa bender she had one opinion there's
a DC Mayor Muriel Bowser
there's yummy CH Elson door who had some
things to say about it and double AC P
John Oliver he was talking about it last
night here's what's interesting about
all the people who were explaining to us
what do you fund the police means they
all have different explanations and I
thought the easiest way to kind of cover
this territory is by interviewing Dale
the anti anti Trumper so if you haven't
met Dale Dale is well Dale just doesn't
like President Trump and whatever
position President Trump takes you can
find Dale on the other side but
sometimes it's harder than other times
because sometimes the other side is a
little bit murky so I thought I would
just interviewed Dale and find out so
Dale I know you're very anti Trump which
doesn't matter of course because we're
not talking about that we're just
talking about this defund the police
thing how does that work if you defund
the police who would you call if you had
let's say a home break-in for example
who would you call well well you I hear
what you say and I acknowledge it and I
I value your opinion mm-hmm
in that case you would call your white
privilege and good luck with that your
white privilege just just call your
white privilege Dale I don't have a
number for my white privilige and my
white privilege is not armed and I think
you're giving me advice that would cause
me to be slain by armed intruders sounds
like what you're saying well look who's
so concerned about his white privilege
life see how it feels how does it feel
now okay Dale I hear what you're saying
but this isn't helping me like how do
you how do you help the community and
and what does it really mean to defund
the police you mean no police at all oh
you're so confused when I say defund the
police I mean it the way Joe Biden
explains it for example Joe Biden says
we don't want to defund the police we
want to take money away from them if
they're not doing what we want them to
do which would be if I may use his exact
words if they don't meet certain basic
standards of decency and honorable this
clear very clear well Dale so so the
idea is not to take money away from the
police but rather to not give money to
the police that you would normally give
that exactly well Dale that sounds a lot
like defunding the police I mean at
least from a federal level as Joe Biden
is talking about it you can the house
that that's the taking money from the
please that's nothing like defunding the
police what kind of stupid bubble are
you in over in there Fox News was stupid
okay Dale
to understand this so what about all the
functions of the police you know the
part where they have to you know face
down an armed robber for example who
would do that Scott Scott Scott we're
not talking about giving rid of us
please who told you that some right-wing
conspirator conspiracy theory person no
no defund the police doesn't mean get
rid of all the police I don't even what
you're thinking what it means is that
for those police functions such as let's
say a call if you have somebody has
mental health problems you would send a
non police person instead of the police
and then the non police person who would
not have a gun could not kill anybody
with their with a gun so better much
better all right all right I kind of
almost understand that but here's the
part I don't understand would the
situations that you're sending an
unarmed person who's not a police
officer are you sending him to into
situations that were peaceful and calm
and didn't really have a much
opportunity for trouble in the first
place that's right that's exactly right
okay but Dale were those the situations
in which people were getting killed
because it sounds to me like the part
you're defunding is all the stuff that
wasn't a problem in the first place
that's racist
I don't know how that's racist I'm
literally just talking about budget
categories that's it that's it well it
looks like you've been listening to a
little bit too much Tucker Carlson if
you know what I mean I don't know what
you mean I do not know what you mean
racist and seem alright so that pretty
much covers the entire territory the the
people who actually know what they're
doing are panicked because this whole
defund the police thing there's just no
way to spin this into a positive so but
it turns out that you you think is crazy
right don't you think it's kind of crazy
to defund the police but there's
actually a town was it in New Jersey
that actually disbanded their Police
Department can you believe that yeah
there was an actual town that disbanded
its police department and I might have
to bring Dale back to explain what it
means to get rid of your police and it
hasn't worked it hasn't worked out that
poorly if you check back they got rid of
the police department and it's not it's
not that bad and let Dale explain to you
how they did it Dale
can you explain that town that did get
rid of I guess was a few years ago they
got rid of their entire Police
Department and it seems to be working
okay how did they do that well let me
explain it to you racist the way it
works is you take the police department
you get rid of them all
get rid of all of them step1 step2 you
create a police department to replace
them get it no I thought you were
getting rid of the police department are
you saying they got rid of the police
department and then replace them with a
police department is that the same as
getting rid of the police well okay I
guess I have to explain everything let's
let's get into the details you know I
was just gonna the I assumed you were
smart enough to understand us talk about
but we'll dig into the details they get
rid of the entire police force you get
that right do you understand that yet
yes I do
okay all right hold that flop they get
rather tall police
then they replace it with a police
department are you following are you
following this at all no I'm not all
right one other fact that you need to
know they'll explain this okay get rid
of the police department you replace
them with the police department but you
don't call them the police department
you armed them you give them uniforms
but they're not pleased they're just not
we just call them something else pretty
good all right all right we'll talk
later
so you can't say it hasn't been tried
and worked it totally worked when they
got rid of the police department and
replaced it with the police department
now the the the story just below that
level yeah the story below that level is
that the existing Police Department they
got rid of was so corrupt that they
couldn't fix it it was actually so
corrupt they're like we can't even fix
this so basically it was a trick to fire
all the police so it wasn't really
defunding the police they were just
corrupt so they wanted to get rid of
them all so they just changed the name
coincidentally that is exactly the topic
of my comic and Dilbert yesterday it was
either yesterday or the day before it
was exactly that
oh no yeah we're gonna get rid of the
place with men replace them with police
all right the president of the mca ee
n-double-a-cp won't even back the defund
the police thing because the president
doesn't know what it means the president
of the n-double a-c-p
apparently the president Derek Johnson
he backs the energy behind it but he
didn't know what it was exactly because
everybody's got a different idea so you
got that the funniest was when Chris
Cuomo was was interviewing you should
actually see this so I tweeted this
yesterday
you could find it in my Twitter feed so
he was interviewing Lisa bender the
Minneapolis City president's council
president and so she was talking about
what it means to get rid of the police
and she said that was more aspirational
but she wouldn't say that until Chris
Cuomo just badgered me to say it was
aspirational he kept he kept trying to
give her an out
well you don't mean get rid of the
police you know you don't mean you could
right away you know he kept like he kept
trying to nudge her and then finally he
was just shoving her just shoving her
say aspirational please I can't let you
go until you say the word just say the
word just say aspirational please please
just say aspirational and then I think
she used the word and he was okay with
it but then they could live they could
go on John Oliver desperately tried to
explain it away by saying that only the
stuff that wasn't dangerous in the first
place would move to other agencies and
I'm thinking of myself does he think
nobody's gonna notice that the stuff
they want to take away from police was
the stuff that didn't nobody got hurt
with anyway unless it was some weird
tragic situation all right now I'm the
productive side of things it turns out
that there's some legislation from the
Democrats I think primarily Democrats on
it's called the justice and policing Act
I think calmly Harrison bunch of others
are involved in this and here are the
things on the list now see if see if you
would have any disagreement with
anything on this list because it's being
is being presented as just sort of
common sense stuff that doesn't have any
political element to it
see if you agree don't do these things
that are they just common sense and or
not
all right so number one no more
chokeholds and carotid I guess that's
the carotid artery holds so I think
that's what would have kept
George Florida Floyd live no more
no-knock warrants in drug cases deadly
force may only be used as a last resort
and officers must employ de-escalation
techniques first are you telling me
that's not already part of the police
force is there is there any part of the
police force that allows the police to
use deadly force before they've tried
other things
no so the no knock thing certainly makes
sense
all right establishing a use of force
standard and enabling the prosecution of
police for reckless in addition to
willful misconduct so reckless it's sort
of a hard to enforce standard but I'm
sure that the law has dealt with things
like that before so are you telling me
that there's not already a use of force
standard in the police department does
that not exist already I don't know
enabling victims to recover civil
damages by eliminating qualified
immunity when police violate our
constitutional rights I think it has to
be a lawyer and know a lot more about
that to know the ins and outs of that I
mean it sounds okay I mean on the
surface but I think somebody who knows
more about this would have a deeper
opinion improving the use of pattern and
practice investigations so pattern and
practice meaning looking for statistical
signs of I don't discrimination and
racism I guess all right how about
establishing a first-ever national
database on police misconduct where have
you ever heard that idea before where
was the first time you ever heard why
don't we have a national database so
that we can all be on the same page and
we know exactly what's going on with all
this police abuse and racism stuff the
first place you ever heard that was for
me now I'm not saying that they got the
idea for me
but I'm pretty sure I'm the first person
who sent it to you I'd never heard of
the idea before I was talking about it a
few years ago but I'm gonna talk about
that one in a minute let me go through
the list we'll get back to that database
I requiring local police to take
equipment made for war off the streets
so not using any any of their really
expensive stuff
I don't know haven't we used it before I
I gotta tell you I've never been the one
who was too worried about the military
equipment on the streets if they thought
they needed it does I didn't think it
was gonna become a trend or something
you know or become the beginning of some
kind of a war or anything like that but
from a psychological perspective I could
see the benefit of not looking like
you're a military dictatorship it's
worth talking about all right
requiring federal police to wear body
cams and four marked police vehicles to
have dash board Kim's marked federal
police vehicles so this is only Federal
Police so that's the only thing that can
influence not the State Police so I
don't know if that makes any difference
if it's only the federal police body
cams but let's get back to the database
one what's going to happen when there's
a database of police behavior what
how much racism are they going to find
when there's a national standard
database so they can find the was it
called the pattern and practice that
identifies all the racism in the police
department how much are they going to
find once they're actually tracking it
in a standardized way what do you think
well if I had freedom of speech I could
that I could dig into that but I don't
so I won't here's what here's what's
missing what's missing is some kind of a
standard for when a suspects who are
under police control asks
for medical help because that feels like
a big category that this ignores right
what happens when the suspect is saying
I can't breathe even if you're not using
the chokeholds and carotid holds so even
if you're not choking them I don't think
it's unusual for suspects to say I can't
breathe I need medical help so what do
you do if that feels like that's not
handled by these ideas but here's so
here's the most important thing you need
to know about this legislation it
wouldn't have any impact on the protests
would it was there anything on this list
that would make the protesters happy I
don't think so right I don't think
there's anything on this list that would
make the protesters happy so you've got
the government and the Democrats working
desperately to do something that looks
useful and they've created a list of
things that sound pretty good I gotta
say that I don't have a real I don't
have any knock whatsoever on their list
I think people were smarter than I am
should look at it you know especially
the legal stuff something that's got
some police experience until you know
tell us the pluses and minuses maybe the
entire list will make it through so it
looks like a good practical attempt to
do something that would be useful but it
has it has no implications for the
protest none of this stuff is gonna make
the protesters happy do you think you
will I can't imagine it would so you
have this weird world where solutions
are being worked out that by their
design couldn't make any difference so
all right I've been wondering about how
history will see president Trump's
instincts yeah he always famously talks
about following his instincts and and
we've seen that with the coronavirus
situation better than anything else
because the one thing that distinguishes
the coronavirus is that all of our data
was in question I don't know if we we
the sort of a rare situation when
everything that we heard about the
corona virus everything we heard about
the medical situation what we should and
should not do it was just all wrong just
everything was wrong so he had to have
all Scott you had a knockdown argument
males versus females stops seem sexist
oh yeah yes that was a I'll just change
topic for a moment so it was Van Jones
who said that the the female leaders did
such a better job than the male leaders
on dealing with coronavirus and I
thought to myself how is that bad sexist
really how was that bad sexist anyway if
that's another category of things that
I'm not allowed to talk about because I
don't have I don't have functional
freedom of speech so that's another
topic but let's talk about Trump's
instincts so one of the things he did by
instinct as much as anything else was
close the airports when the experts said
no I think his instinct on closing the
airports was correct now he got
criticized for not closing down the
economy in time when we look at this
from a historical perspective will we
think that's still true that he should
have closed closed things sooner I don't
know because we opened up things when
people thought it was too soon and it
seems to be working out isn't it so if
if we continue to open up and the people
who said oh no it's gonna be a second
wave in the end of the world if that
doesn't materialize then it's also going
to be harder to argue that he should
have closed sooner because I think we're
gonna find that when you closed
may not have the quite the impact that
you hoped it would have so that's still
an open question now the other thing
that Trump was pushing for is the
reopening of the economy
sooner than some of his critics wanted
to open it there were a lot of people on
his side but a lot of pushback it looks
like it's still early but it looks like
his instincts were right that opening up
just about now and pushing to make sure
that there was some constructive force
on the side of opening up I think
history is going to say he was right
right so I think he was right on the
airport's pure instinct there was there
was no data to back him up on the
airport closing experts said don't do it
did it anyway
pure leadership and instinct and right I
think he's right on reopening and then
recently we saw that the two studies
that said hydroxychloroquine were
dangerous were both with John as being
quacks they were based on database
databases that have no credibility it
looked like they're just made-up data so
Trump was right about hydroxychloroquine
in terms of risk management yeah I'm not
saying he's right that the drug works
because I haven't seen the evidence of
that yet that convinces me but he was
certainly right that the day that the
dangers had already been discounted by
the fact that the drug had been
available for decades turns out those
dangers were not true according to any
studies we've seen in other words we
haven't seen the study that says that
he's wrong looks like his instinct was
right on that too but then there's
another thing that he gets right better
than anybody in the world let's go to
the white board you know I make this
this point a lot that the economy floats
on this this cloud of psychology the
only thing that keeps the economy
working is the way we think about it so
if you didn't think things were going to
be good tomorrow you wouldn't invest
today and if nobody invests today
tomorrow won't be good it's just this
circular kind of psychological support
that you have to have optimism you have
to think things are going right and so
long as you don't have any shortages you
know you're not running
out of anything that you need to keep
the economy running and we're not we
don't have any shortages of anything in
our economies in the world so you've got
this very let's say vulnerable element
here the psychology to psychology can
change in an instant you know you can
get a depression just instantly if
people's psychology changed now so
that's the only thing that keeps the
economy from falling into the flames is
what we think about it and what we think
about it is driven entirely by
persuasion and we watched the most
remarkable thing happened
we watched the stock market reach levels
that I don't think too many people
thought were possible at this stage of
where we're at it doesn't seem possible
that the stock market should be as high
as it is and but what it's telling you
it's telling you that this level the
psychology is rock-solid that's what is
telling you the the strength you saw in
the stock market I haven't seen that was
done today I would expect it to have at
least some down days this week it's got
to pull back a little alright let's see
yeah okay so today it's pulling back a
little just like you'd expect it to I'd
be I would have been amazed if if it was
up again today that would have been
incredible so you expect it to be choppy
but man this psychology level to to
support the stock market where it is
given all the you know the the upheaval
from the economy that's incredible
who did this who did that what is it
what is it that's making this cloud what
turned it into a solid only one thing in
my opinion only one thing now some
people are saying the Fed and I hear you
because the feds actions and interest
rates make a big difference but interest
rates shouldn't make any difference if
you think the economy is going to
crumble
right
somebody says the Fed did it I will give
the Fed some credit but the feds actions
would be useless if we didn't also
believe that the base economy would be
fine you get that right
so it is true that the stock market is
very influenced by the Federal Reserve
and money and interest rates and that is
all favorable at the moment but by
itself it would be worthless
the feds actions are not enough to give
you this so you need you need the basic
stuff you need the yeah you needed the
stimulus you need enough cash any of the
interest rates but those are only
sufficient I'm sorry those are necessary
but they're not sufficient sufficient
came entirely from Trump in my opinion
in my opinion this entire structure is
being held up by one person Trump and
the reason that he can do that even
though he has such little credibility in
terms of fact-checking
he doesn't have much credibility in
fact-checking but even his critics would
it would agree that the fact-checking he
fails is either stuff that doesn't
matter you know it's not important or
it's at least directionally correct
right he's in the right direction anyway
but there's one thing that even his
critics would have a hard time
disagreeing with and it's this he is
really good at predicting and therefore
moving the economy I believe that the
stock market yeah you need the feds the
interest rates low and you need the
distinguish you needed all that but that
where the stock market is now is almost
entirely a function of Trump
I believe that Trump understanding how
this works as well as anyone in the
world but you know he understands the
psychology part of it from the very
first moment what has he said about the
economy from moment one it's coming back
it's coming back stronger than you think
and then never know
talk about his his instincts imagine if
you will that Trump had been saying this
economy is going to come back and it's
going to be better than ever and our
first job report had been worse than we
expected that could have happened right
it totally could have happened that the
first jobs report this one that looked
good to this this most recent one it
could have been bad it could have been
worse than it looked and then you would
have had Trump saying things are gonna
come back great but the data would
disagree with him a pretty big risk
wasn't it that was a pretty big risk and
the president again used his instinct to
say this is the time to tell the public
unambiguously unambiguously it's coming
back hard now
you've been watching me talking about
the economy since things turned down
right what have I been telling you
consistently and with no sense of
hesitation
since moment one it's part of the reason
people watch me is that I was giving you
good news I was telling you that the
economy totally is coming back there's
no way it's damaged beyond repair we
weren't even close to that kind of a
damage and that when we came back it was
going to be screaming and that we would
have shook the box in enough categories
and industries that there would be a lot
of innovation that would come out of all
that you know dislocation now somebody
says it's still too early let me explain
how this works all right
whoever said it's too early look at this
cloud all right look at this cloud and
understand that that only exists and
it's only keeping the economy out of the
fire because of the way we think about
it just it's that's it it's just the way
we think about it that keeps us alive
it's really that basic if you think
about it right you're freakin rich if
you think about it wrong you're all dead
now whoever said
too early and I'm getting ahead of
myself being a little too optimistic
help me keep this alive help me keep the
cloud live instead of saying it's too
early say we're definitely coming back
we're definitely coming back we might
come back faster than people think in
might there might be a little delay and
then it might ramp up but man are we
coming back economy it's coming back see
how this works don't think of it as a
prediction it is a prediction but don't
think of it that way think of it as I
just solidified the cloud so 4,000
people watch this by the time by the
time it gets posted in different places
at least audre 2,000 people will see
this message so there will be a hundred
thousand people who saw somebody who has
been if I may be modest more correct
about more things in the last four years
than anybody in the public eye I think I
can back that up at this point I've been
more correct than more people who are
public than anybody about anything
political or economic for the last four
years and I'm telling you with complete
certainty the economy is going to come
back strong stronger than you you could
imagine like it'll actually surprise you
it'll be so strong now that doesn't mean
that every single economic report we get
from between now and the end of time it
will be all positive it doesn't work
that way things always pop up and down
but the trend is gonna be up and it's
going to be strongly up now Ondra
thousand people just heard me say that
how do you feel about it well I know the
answer to that I'm very persuasive I'm
literally a trained hypnotist and I
write about persuasion often the fact
that I told you that and I do have a
degree in economics I've got an MBA and
I haven't been wrong very much for years
about the big political stuff and it
should make you feel
more confident that would be the natural
outcome that now when you feel more
confident what happens you just
strengthen the cloud that's holding up
the economy so I just gifted you with a
little extra framework a little extra
structure to support the cloud cuz
you're part of the process right your
beliefs matter as much as mine
everybody's got to get on the same page
things are gonna work really really well
and that's what makes them work it's
cause and effect you know I always talk
about the power of positive thinking
you don't realize how powerful it is
until you you learn to filter your
experience through that the power of
positive thinking it does get you jobs
it does get you a better love life it
does it and it creates the economy it
literally creates the economy now do you
think it's an accident that this
president was influenced by the author
of the most inspirational influential
book on how to basically think your way
into a better world it's not a
coincidence you what you're seeing the
entire 15 trillion dollar economy let me
put it in stark terms the power of
positive thinking this little book from
decades and decades ago I was at 50 60
years old whatever it is norman vincent
peale that one person norman vincent
peale is almost certainly the reason we
have a 15 trillion dollar economy
because you know he he's he gifted
future generations with that positivity
all the way to President Trump
including me you know directly because I
was influenced by him as well
and it's it's that it's that teaching
and that lesson about thinking your way
to a better world that made Trump
president and it is now supporting the
entire 15 trillion dollar economy of the
United States upon which much of the
rest of the world
one guy with one powerful idea is
supporting a 15 trillion dollar economy
the world's biggest military 370 million
people's livelihoods and lives one guy
who told you to keep a positive opinion
Oh somebody's telling me the economy is
21 trillion I miss it I missed it by a
future Lee all right so that's how
powerful it is
I guess Trump is saying that the the
election polls they say Biden is way way
ahead and pulling even further ahead
Trump says that the earth these are
suppression polls and they're all rigged
now there are a number of different
polls that are in agreement
but that was also true was that not also
true in 2016 which is what Trump points
out and then points out that they were
probably I think he thinks they were
rigged in 2016 as well
now were those polls rigged I don't know
maybe III think they're probably rigged
a little bit but that wouldn't explain
necessarily why they're moving you know
in the wrong direction I think the
answer is almost entirely that people
are lying to pollsters let me ask you
this if you're watching the news would
you tell a stranger you were a trump
supporter even the stranger would you
say it to a stranger I wouldn't I
wouldn't tell a strange of that and in
fact I go out of my way to not tell the
stranger that I don't even want the
topic to come up if the topic comes up
I'm gonna change the subject if it's a
stranger you know like if I'm if I were
I don't talking to a server at a
restaurant or just making conversation
with with with somebody in the in the
public realm
I wouldn't say what I do when I'm not
there
so I think we may find out that lying is
behind all of that oh you know this you
saw the tweet from trump saying that the
old protester you know the 75 real guy
that got pushed by police and buffalo he
fell down and he hurt his head well
Trump is promoting the idea and this was
used something you saw on the internet
that the old man was a provocateur and
also anti foul and you say to yourself
oh not so sure but it's out there that
there's that accusation and then there's
there's something weird he did with his
cell phone that look like he was trying
to scan the police radio and for the
purpose of jamming it or something now I
don't think that's been proven that's
just sort of out there as a as a theory
but I saw this adjust before I came on I
saw a video of some younger protesters
who are getting in the face of the old
man in Buffalo the 75 year old man
because they were accusing him of coming
there with the intention of giving hurt
so the younger protesters before any of
this happened they were trying to get
rid of the 75 year old guy because they
thought he was trouble and they thought
he came there to get hurt that he was
trying to hurt to be a provocateur
that's what the young black lives matter
friendly protesters were saying to him
and it's on a video now you haven't seen
it yet so you probably still have you
know your old impression of what that
was all about but I think I think the
president's instincts on this I think he
did it again
it looks like the president's instincts
about this old man were exactly right
that he was just there to get hurt and
to me it looked like he took a dive now
everybody who says he's 75 you know he
doesn't take much too
to 75 year old on his ass when I watched
it it looked like he took a dive you
know I watch a lot of soccer you know
what war people pretend oh you know they
pretend they got hurt so maybe I'm just
primed to think that people are
pretending to be hurt but to me I don't
know if he was bleeding I didn't see any
blood personally you know when people
talk about it they say well he was you
know his head was bleeding maybe I
didn't see any blood
I can't say it didn't happen but I
didn't say any blood more video of Floyd
arrest has been shown it doesn't tell
you anything different somebody says the
old man was wrong but he didn't deserve
to fall but the point is he may not have
fallen it looked like he allowed himself
to fall meaning that that's the outcome
he wanted yeah Trump is 73 if you pushed
Trump do you think he would fall over I
don't think so
somebody says they want less instinct
and more intelligence well I can see
that but here's the thing we
intelligence works well when you have
data and it feel I feel like we never do
we have data but it's always wrong it's
misleading it's antic context that's
gonna be revised tomorrow so in a world
where you have lots of data but it's
just all wrong what else are you gonna
do you need somebody who can just sort
of peer into the mess and say well we
don't know anything but this seems like
good risk management let's go this way
and I think he's good at that somebody
said they saw blood oh let me let me
tell you a story
yeah no forget that I haven't
experienced recently but it's not an
interesting enough story in which I had
a very vivid false memory of an event in
other words I remembered explicitly
something which I later confirmed and
never
and it's really freaky to have such a
clear memory of a thing that never
happened and you should always take note
of that when it happens because that for
most of you will have that experience
you'll be sure you saw or heard
something and then you find out proof
that even satisfies you it didn't happen
and remember all those because those are
all the times that they help you to a
higher level of awareness if you
understand that false memories are so
common it has nothing to do with how
smart you are nothing to do with how
emotional you are nothing just false
memories are so common we're suffering
from them all the time what's your
opinion on the second wave well remember
when Trump said what if it just sort of
goes away what if it just goes away I
think he's going to be close to correct
you know he was widely mocked before
saying well maybe summer will come it'll
just go away but summer came and it
feels like it's just going away like how
did he get that right no obviously
there's some history that warm weather
should make a difference but even the
experts were telling Trump well no don't
don't assume this is going away and of
course it didn't go away but if you were
to look at it you know on a continuum
from you know being way way worse to
completely going away when Trump said
maybe it'll just go away on its own he's
closer to right than wrong because
nobody really understood why his
suddenly fell off a table you know the
the sudden change in the curve which
everybody agrees happened in New York
New York City is impossible to explain
you can't even explain New York City it
can't be explained so he was right
something mysterious happened and it
just it just sort of went away now it
happened to correspond with the protests
which is probably not a coincidence
all right so somebody says the old man
flopped but he couldn't catch himself so
he hit his head yeah I think there's
some possibility that that that
hypothesis is true that he fell
intentionally because he wanted to fall
but that he was 75 and he didn't do a
good job of protecting himself if he
even tried
oh by the way he brought a helmet so the
new video that shows the young people
talking to the 75 year old the 75 year
old brought a helmet so he was expecting
brain injuries he didn't have his helmet
on when he got pushed though coincidence
I don't know all right
those are the fun things that are
happening today the things to look for
are what happens with that national
database of of police brutality because
in a few years once that database is up
we're gonna find out who was right
because as you know conservatives almost
universally believe that there's no
there's no racism when it comes to it
gets killed by police
specifically killed I don't know if
conservatives have any opinions I don't
really hear it but I think most people
would assume that black Americans get
stopped and hassled by the cops more
often I think that's true right we're
sort of on the same page on the I knew
who gets hassled the most but in terms
of who gets killed
they're almost no conservatives believe
there's any difference because the data
says that now what happens when when the
people on the left to see data for the
first time will it change their opinions
I mean really what happens when they see
data for the first time because the
people on the Left don't get any data
they get misleading data about number of
people killed as a percentage of the
population which is just the wrong way
to measure stuff if they start measuring
things the way things should be measured
and have a real database of what's
happening the discrimination is going to
dis
beer think that conservatives and given
that all the data seems to indicate that
the data we have that's not a bad
prediction all right um somebody said
the probe the 75 year old had his own
skateboard I didn't see a skateboard but
who knows why does it feel like
everything in life is a PSYOP someone
else I think because it is certainly
everything in the public eye is not what
you think you know there's something
I've said as sort of an offhand comment
before but I'm gonna say it again
because the more you hear it the more
it's gonna be it's gonna be in your head
so one of the weird elements of being me
is that if you're famous for anything
you end up meeting other famous people
it's just sort of a natural outgrowth of
being famous you just meet a lot of
famous people and then you mean famous
people and many powerful people and then
you meet people who are behind the
curtain meaning that people often will
show me a truth that you've never seen
for example let me give you a I'll have
to give you an analogy so I don't tell
you the real one all right
so years ago there was a situation in
which I got to see one of the biggest
secrets of the government I actually got
to like really get into it and see the
the real details of one of the biggest
secrets of our government now it's not
an important one it's like it doesn't
affect your life in any way but and the
only reason I can't tell you tell it to
you is because it was given in
confidence and even though it's 20 years
later it was given in confidence so I'm
not gonna repeat it but I'll give you an
analogy what it was like it would be as
if the government took me into area was
at area 54 and showed me the UFOs it was
it was that it was sort of like that but
in a different realm like I actually got
to see actual secrets
and and that process has repeated itself
you know many times and especially
recently and I got to tell you that when
when I hear the real story behind any
actual story that's in the headlines
it's just always different it's always
different the real story is never the
one you see on TV and never and that
just never now I suppose if it's just so
simple you might get the real story but
when you when you start digging into
like you know who's funding whom and you
know who's friends with who and who's
married to who you know all the
backstory stuff you know you always go
oh okay so the story on the news wasn't
even close to telling me what was
happening it was just as fake version
for the public
so that's area 51 not 54 yes thank you
for the correction
now nothing military so it's well now I
think that back here was military yeah
so I saw a military secret I guess you
could say that although it was it wasn't
a it wasn't a killing device but it was
something on the fringe of a military
interest let's say but it wasn't a
killing weapon all right well I guess
you could be guessing for a while now
it wasn't anything about nothing about
surveillance no I guess it was actually
I take that back it was a little bit
about surveillance I wish I could tell
you oh I I was just gonna tell
you I'm just gonna tell you okay I
actually got to see behind the scenes
the government's investigation into ESP
so I got to know what our government the
most knowledgeable person in the
government knows about ESP
but I can't tell you what they know
that's it I wish I could tell you but I
can't so so that's what it was I got to
see a peek into the government's best
knowledge about whether people have
mental abilities beyond other people so
just imagine that times a thousand the
the stuff I've seen you can't even
believe you would not believe that well
I don't know if there's anything that
that I wasn't told because the the stuff
I saw was not you know nothing that
would change national security in any
way no risk to national security let's
say that all right that's all I got for
now and I'll talk to you tomorrow