bump bump bump bump up my boom hey
everybody come on in here it's time for
another update on the most exciting
midterm election of my entire life in
fact it's the only exciting midterm
election of my entire life I didn't even
know there were midterm elections until
recently that's how much I didn't care
but this one's exciting and let me tell
you what I love about this first of all
there are so many different races and
it's all people I don't really know so
unlike a presidential race where you
really know the characters it's all
these characters I don't really know I
think I've seen that one with that time
on an interview am i confusing this one
with that one so for most of what I'm
listening to
I have no idea who the players are I
barely know it states that are talking
about and then they show the statistics
you know or the you know the score so
far are the votes and they're changing
and it's too early to know how it'll end
in other words none of the numbers are
really you know something you should
depend on so I have this weird
experience of completely enjoying this
experience of not understanding who any
of the people are I can barely tell
which one's the Republican and the
Democrat and I'm not sure I care too
much but it's also very exciting because
it's close and it's super close and I
was just watching a CNN coverage and
keep in mind that by the time I'm done
with with this periscope that the entire
situation may have changed but what I
just watched bordered on hilarious and
could be getting funnier so I want to
alert you there's something that could
be really fun to watch for the rest of
tonight I I think I've said this in a
few different ways but I'm going to say
it in a more extreme way that
I have yet communicated it which is that
there is a best-case scenario for
president Trump which is slightly
different than the best case scenario
for Republicans you know there's there's
a lot of correlation between what's the
best of the president and what's best
for Republicans it's about you know it's
like a 98 percent what's good for one is
good for the other right but there are a
few things in which the president could
command a head while the Republicans as
a whole did not and that one unique
situation looks like it's developing and
it looks like this gaining Republicans
in the Senate so he's even more powerful
in the Senate so he gets all of his
Supreme Court nominations and if he can
you know put off being removed from
office you know so he's got a good power
block because you'd have a stronger
Senate but the only thing that could
make the president stronger as a
president is if the Democrats held a
narrow majority in the house
it's absolutely if you could you know if
you could step back and say you know I'm
not I'm not biased for one team or the
other but I want to create a situation
like it's a little chess game in which
the objective of where to put the pieces
would be to make the President of the
United States even more powerful than
they already is now if that scares you
because you're not a fan of the
president I would suggest that the more
powerful he is that nicer he's going to
be because it's been quite clear that he
uses his provocative rhetoric to you
know break through the crowd and control
the conversation and just squeeze
everybody outside of the conversation
but as he becomes successful and as he
gets things done and as his legacy grow
he just doesn't need to be that person
and all of his advantage would be to
become kinder and nicer and to tone it
down and he now has two years of pretty
solid accomplishment the things that he
hasn't done here's the best part the
things that the president has not
succeeded at require cooperation of at
least a few Democrats now as long as the
Democrats were in a very weak position
they could simply be the resistance
party and you know it's like it's like
the Chihuahua nipping at your heel you
know nobody wants to have a dog bite
them but it's a chihuahua yeah you say
just you know just scoot it out of the
way you don't even kick it
maybe you just just nudge it with your
foot away so the Democrats could just
play resistance all day long and you
couldn't get anything done in
immigration or health care
infrastructure you know prison reform
you can think of a bunch of stuff all
the stuff that the president needs to do
next is the stuff that he's already sort
of solidified as you know presidential
powers plus Senate powers so the things
that you know and he gains he has with
North Korea
well they'll stay right nobody's gonna
undo that the economy will probably keep
on going pretty well he still can do his
executive orders so he's going to be
sort of locking in uh uh half legacy and
the the part that's conspicuously weak
the only thing he'll act to be able to
get stuff done is to have the Democrats
slightly in control of the house now I'm
not saying it's going to go that way it
could go you know it could be a surprise
and the it could be that the Republicans
keep both houses as possible but you
know most of the most of the weight of
opinion and then and this one I don't
have an opinion which way it's going to
lean I just you know my
joke ish prediction was that it would be
a tie meaning that we wouldn't know
tonight you know there would be
something too close to call but the the
the perfect situation for President
Trump to broker deals between two sides
that are quite different but do you need
somebody who's got a little more
leverage than you can happen to the
current situation so I will be surprised
if you don't see some some good things
getting done but what the the the
interesting thing to watch tonight is to
see if the result comes out in that
narrow that narrow little lane that
would just suggest that the you know the
president is the luckiest luckiest
person who ever lived
because I think that's his sweet spot
where where people are kind of close to
a perfect balance because when yeah
here's the basic principle when things
are close to a perfect balance between
two sides the only person who has power
is the one who could go either way
nobody else is part of the decision
right so if you've got this perfect
balance of the Senate and the house and
either one can't get anything done the
only person in the country who could
make a difference is the one who can say
you know I'm going to go over here this
time I'm going to make this happen so
watch if that's what happens see if
there's a growing realization that the
president's power might increase but I
feel quite confident that that would not
be a bad thing because he had he has
formed far more personal incentive plus
you know patriotic incentive to do a
good job and he needs a little bit more
leverage over the legislative process to
get a whole bunch of stuff done that
most people want to get done so
I think it will be similar to sort of
the Bill Clinton situation where he
figures out how to how to make deals all
right I would love to hear Newt
Gingrich's opinion on what I just said
you know I've told you before there are
some people who if they disagree with my
opinion I'll immediately change my
opinion you know if it's something legal
and Dershowitz has a different opinion
I'll just change my opinion to whatever
he said because you know that's that's
the smart play and it's the same with
Newt Gingrich when it comes to stuff
like getting legislation through so if
he disagrees I'll change my opinion all
right so how much fun is it watching the
the results be so close and and
switching back and forth it's totally
like a video game in which whoever you
think is your your player you have lots
of lots of data coming in from the
screen saying that oh your player lost
this round your player is behind but
then others will be oh you're yours is
winning and you're getting these little
charges of you know whatever the
chemical reaction is that makes you feel
happy and it's actually weirdly exciting
in a way I've never seen before
am I the only one having this experience
by the way as ever is everybody I think
most of you are watching us or you
wouldn't be watching this periscope but
are you are you having an actual almost
video game smartphone like experience
because even so here's CNN right and you
can't see it but the point is the color
the production look how its framed this
is actually even perfect framing so the
you know the the quality of the
production is really really high on this
so whoever is you know doing the
directing I'm not sure what job that is
but but both the networks Fox News as
well
they're both both of the major networks
at least news networks
they've sorry pulled out the stops in
terms of bringing the you know their
best most interesting on-air talent and
they're designed so even even the
backgrounds and the colors the sounds
have you noticed that the videos that
they're using for their explainers are
way better than you've ever seen before
you know they've but they've all got
these animated maps and they're there's
good things back and forth and say well
if this goes this way this goes this way
and I swear I do not know what's
happening most of the time but it's
exactly the same feeling I get if I go
to Las Vegas and we'll play one of
there's a Chinese themed video games
with the big screen have you ever played
one of those you put your money in and
that the whole bunch of things happen on
the screen and sometimes it gives you
some money back most of the time it
doesn't but you have no idea why it's
why sometimes it's winning and sometimes
it isn't that it doesn't matter as your
knowing it wouldn't change the result so
it feels exactly like that yeah it feels
like watching slots where I'm getting
winded winners and losers but there are
just enough winners that I get a little
payoff all right so let's see how things
are progressing just check it in let's
go over to Fox News the other universe
Fox News projects Democrats gained
control of house so the interesting
thing will be by how much yeah so I'm
just looking at that right now yeah so
Fox News projects the Democrats gained
control of the house so that that would
go the way everybody thought but we'll
see
could we be surprised now the real
question will be will we know for sure
tonight and how close will it be will
the blue ripple turn out to be a big
victory for the president because it
gives him more leverage that he would
have had even holding both houses
alright that's it for now I'm gonna go
catch up on the news and I'll catch up
with you later tonight