didn't intent thing but
boop-boo-boo-boop Uncle Joe am always in
here quickly you've got the fastest
fingers in all of the planet hey Ryan
and Ray Brian Tyler do you all have your
coffee or the beverage of your choice
I'm very permissive with my simultaneous
hips get in here and enjoy with me the
simultaneous up it's time for coffee
with Scott Adams grab your mug your
stein your glass your cup your container
your chalice fill it with your favorite
beverage I like coffee
and join me for the simultaneous sip
mine is prescription strength I would
like to start off with a tweet from my
president I'm calling him my president
today because I like what he did in this
tweet and what he did that he's talking
about I will just read it to you if you
have not seen it this is a tweet from
this morning from President Donald J
Trump it's a two-parter he says one of
the very exciting things to come out of
my meeting with President Xi of China is
to promise to me to criminalize the sale
of deadly fentanyl coming into the
United States so far so good
it will now be considered a quote
controlled substance this could be a
game-changer on what is I'm now moving
to the second part of the tweet
considered to be the worst and most
dangerous addictive and deadly substance
of them all last year over 77,000 people
died from fentanyl that's a little bit
of an exaggeration but it's in the
ballpark if China cracks down on this
quote horror drug using the death
penalty did I say the death penalty
for distributors and pushers the results
will be incredible and so I drink to
effective government one that listens to
the people one that takes bold action to
get things done this is how it's
supposed to work now we're not done we
don't know if China is going to do what
it's supposed to do but so far it's
looking promising share a drink with me
now there was some reporting last day or
two in which people were saying hey how
come China is not reporting the good
news or the progress made in at the g20
whereas the United States is growing
that we got some things but China is
kind of silent on it my guess on that
this is just a guess because I live in
the real world is that nobody in China
was willing to write a story until they
were really really sure or President Xi
said and what he would be okay with them
printing cuz it's China and President Xi
may have just been busy he's got a lot
of he's got a big country to run he's
traveling around so yeah so they made
remarks today that apparently were were
positive but it would make sense to me
that they would not have an immediate
response because it's a complicated
topic you know who gave wire to promised
what who's doing what in terms of the
tariffs in the trade war so I think the
press in China probably just waited
because they couldn't afford to get it
wrong there you know you don't even want
to be ten percent wrong because it looks
like it's coming from Qi and and that
would give away their negotiating
position if they said oh yeah we're
giving away this was that could have
been embarrassing people could get in
trouble
so I think they were quiet just because
they needed to wait and make sure they
really knew what the what President Xi
had promised or not promised now
let's read some more of my so I've got
another tweet I tweeted around about
nuclear fusion
if you don't know nuclear fusion is that
long-promised technology that's always
promised but never arrives and the idea
is that instead of nuclear nuclear
fission which we have now which is
wasteful and dangerous in some ways that
you could create unlimited energy in a
fairly safe way through a different
technology called fusion now the reason
that we've never been able to create
these so-called fusion reactors is
because apparently the biggest
engineering challenge was the magnets so
the way the way they have to contain the
reaction is through enormous magnetic
fields because it's the only way to
contain it and apparently there have
been breakthroughs recently in materials
you know in the material science that
would create new types of magnetic
materials which at least on paper they
think they can they can engineer
something in the next three years to to
refine the engineering to the point
where it can reach this level of
magnetic strength to hold the reaction
in now that as I understand it is the
last of the engineering challenges and
on paper it's pretty close to working
meaning that it might be just some
fiddling with the engineering of it so
whereas it used to be science fiction
meaning somebody had to invent something
that didn't exist in order for a fusion
to work at this point it looks like
everything's been invented now I told
you this maybe a year or two ago that I
know somebody who's a major investor in
this space somebody who's actually
investing in fusion and one of the
smartest people you'll ever meet
his name but you know hugely successful
richer than richer than God type of
person who told me privately that now
wasn't wasn't involved it told me
privately that fusion is reduced now to
an engineering problem meaning that the
science has actually been solved if they
can get these magnets to actually work
in an actual engineered way so I would
liken it to building let's say somebody
decided to build a building that's twice
as tall as all current buildings well we
don't exactly know how to build that
building probably you know the
architects would have to play with the
engineers they'd have to adjust things
because you wouldn't do it exactly like
the existing buildings and just make it
taller you probably have to do extra
engineering to make it a strong enough
but we know how but you know if we
wanted to build a building that was
twice as tall as all existing buildings
it could be done it's an engineering
problem it's not a science problem so it
looks like fusion has been reduced to an
engineering problem and we might see
something in ten years now the fusion is
a big game-changer because what happens
when you have self-driving cars and
unlimited to cheap energy you see what
did you see all those people rioting in
France they were wearing the the green
jackets so those are the green jackets
that everybody who drives for a living
in front in France where so whether
they're truckers or a cab drivers or
whatever all of those people are going
to be unemployed all of them because the
self-driving trucks and cars with their
unlimited inexpensive energy will take
over that entire industry now here's one
of the one of the filters of the world
that not everybody shares I'm going to
tie together a few few points so we
talked about fusion will make you know
the driving industry just go
that between you know self-driving
vehicles plus unlimited energy people
are just going to be looking for other
jobs here's a point in economics that I
have not heard anybody say as clearly as
I'm going to say it right now
are they yellow vests somebody say when
yellow green a hundred years ago almost
all immigration was good because a
hundred years ago you didn't have
technology and if somebody came in and
they didn't have an education you can
still put a right to work you could
clear a little extra farmland and grow a
little extra stuff because now you have
more employees you also had not much in
the way of social services so if
somebody came in a hundred years ago
they added to the economy immediately
because they could do the work and we
needed workers there was no you know no
room constraints because the country was
still you know it just seemed to be like
there was lots of room and there were no
social services so nobody was paying
taxes to support them today the
situation is reversed because we're
right at the point where even the people
who already have jobs the people in
their yellow vests for example they're
not going to be employed in ten years
they won't have jobs in ten years at
least not same ones they have and the
people coming into the country will only
be able to do the types of jobs that
don't exist and they'll be coming into
countries with robust welfare systems
so everything that worked about the
economy economics of migration in the
past the fact that we didn't have a
welfare support system and the fact that
there were unlimited manual jobs this
completely reversed so now there's a
huge welfare system and all of those
jobs are going away in fact there might
be enough for the people who are already
here so I was checking my portfolio this
morning and I realized that if you're if
you're trying to invest for 20 years 10
or 20 years that and by the way I'm not
this is not investment advice so please
don't consider this any kind of
investment advice but the question you
have to ask yourself is what would be
the difference between countries that
control their immigration and those that
don't
for example if Europe continues treating
immigration the way it used to be a
hundred years ago which is that it's all
positive
it's good for the economy it's good for
the people it's just it's just all good
in in a situation where it will have
massive upheaval it will tax their
social systems and jobs will be so so it
was sparse in ten years at the lower end
it's going to be problems so you really
have to think about whether you would
want money in a country that was very
permissive immigration wise so and I'm
also going to predict that more
countries are going to want their own
Trump you know I'm watching the the
fentanyl news that we just talked about
and Canada has also a huge fentanyl
problem so their their problem is big
you know it's um it's smaller and total
numbers because of the population
differences but Canada didn't get this
done
Canada did not convince China to
criminalize fentanyl that was President
Trump and they're going to be the
ideally there will maybe benefit in some
ways from that so I think you're gonna
see and you see in France that I think
the people writing probably wish they
had a little bit more Trump and a little
less McCrone so you might see a big wave
of countries saying oh let's be more
like
I think that's coming now I I made a
bold prediction a bold prediction on
social media yesterday and I predicted
that we have reached peak climate change
alarm now I'm now saying we've reached
peak temperature that's a separate thing
I'm saying that in terms of our alarm
over it
I think we've peaked and here are the
things I'm looking at to make that
calculation number one what just what
just happened in France you saw that the
population that is going to take the
brunt of anything we do just decided
they're not going to they just decided
that they're not going to take it so I
think other countries are going to look
what happened in France and they're
going to say well you can make a law to
tax our gas but it's gonna look like
France when you do you know there's
going to be a riot so I think the
population has reached the the peak
tolerance for raising their taxes to
deal with something that they can't
quite feel and see and touch the way
they can their paycheck so that's the
first thing second thing I think you're
seeing is that every year that goes by
and we don't see a catastrophe that's
obviously a climate change-related thing
every time there's anything like a fire
or whatever the news will say it's
climate change but it's getting less and
less believable because the ocean isn't
going up every year so every year seems
pretty similar to the one before in
terms of our experience on it so there's
that although the news will keep talking
about any any situations where it does
look like it's climate change but maybe
the most important one is this latest
climate report that showed that the
biggest risk is a 10% less GDP over 80
years than it could have been so instead
of the GDP going this higher this much
higher
it's gonna go only this much higher in
other words we won't even notice it so
the most scary and credible current
numbers about climate change tell us
that looks like we can handle that and
then you add on top of that fusion and
you add on top of it every other
technology that will have some some some
role in this and it's feeling like it's
feeling like closer to solved then dire
that's what it feels like to me and I'm
not sure I would even said that a month
ago it took I was actually really scared
until the latest climate report scared
in the sense that it would seem like a
real danger we had to worry about
and then the climate report came out and
it was designed to scare us and did
exactly the opposite and said cost a
little money will just get better air
conditioning yeah I told you that
Richard Branson is involved with some
kind of a three billion dollar you know
prize for developing the best new kind
of air conditioning so if you have the
best kind of new air conditioning in ten
years and you've got better economies
because things are just improving every
year and you've got fusion maybe in ten
you're looking pretty good looking
pretty good I will be flying out in a
little bit to snow country myself and
I'm gonna have to get ready for that
I'll see if I talked about everything I
want to talk about yes I did yes I did
alright so it seems to me that the
biggest problems in the world are being
addressed I think health care health
care is still the one that seems like
it's dangling out there that the Trump
administration is working hard on
reduced
regulations and making things more
market friendly and capitalism friendly
which should lower prices but they need
to package that up a lot better
Oh a music biz injury yes I'm sorry so
there's a tweet this morning from
Kirsten Gillibrand Gillibrand Gillibrand
US senator from New York and she
actually said this this is her tweet
from this morning it's almost it's
almost hard to believe isn't it and she
says this is Kirsten Gillibrand a
sitting senator who says our future is :
female intersectional powered by our
belief in one another and we're just
getting started
our future is female now that might be
true and you know I'm not I'm not going
to argue with the the the fact of it
were the non fact of it but are you
allowed to say that are you allowed to
be a u.s. senator and say that men are
going to be left behind because that's
what she's saying she's not saying the
future is equality she's saying the
future is not men she might be right and
it would be this kind of attitude that
would make that happen but how do you
keep your job after this seriously how
do you go full sexist anti male as a
u.s. sitting senator with with no
embarrassment whatsoever this this is
you know that she is proudly saying that
the future is women imagine if anybody
said anything like that for any other
category you know I usually don't like
to do there well imagine if somebody
else did it I hate that but this is one
where you could put it into anything
the future is fill it in with anything
could you say that I don't think you
could say that out loud and keep your
job and Eddie in any field in any
business if you worked in the corporate
America could you keep your job after
you said the future is female I don't
know could you and she somebody said she
has two boys I don't know about her
personal life now it could be that what
she means is that you know women will do
better than they're doing now maybe
something like that and of course I give
her the 48 hour courtesy because this is
one where there could be room for
misinterpretation
so if she'd like to clarify in the next
48 hours I will fully accept that
clarification yes the 48 48 hour rule
for clarification and or apology is in
effect but this is really jaw-dropping
is it feels like how do I say this it
feels like I don't think women
understand what it's like to be male
just as men don't understand what it's
like to be women and and just like
nobody really understands what it's like
to be anybody else so we'll start with
that assumption that's true but one of
the things that women really don't
understand about men is that at least in
the United States men do a lot to
compensate for the fact that they feel
like they have advantages in other words
men make lots of allowances for the fact
that they're you know there are
advantages to be male you know I can I
can pretty much go anywhere without
being afraid I can you know I can be
alone with anybody without being being
afraid that something will happen there
are probably some jobs I can get that
harder for a woman to get so you know
you have you have advantages and what
would happen if it just turned into
all-out war and I don't mean war in a
violent way I mean what if men were
allowed to just absolutely compete
against women like without any were
there any any hesitation without any
obstacles without any social constraints
no violence I'm not talking about that
I'm just saying that all the you know
all the social constraints come off and
men just say alright it's us against you
now so we're not even going to pretend
we're on the same team anymore it's just
us against you like what does that world
look like do you want to live in that
world
that's the world you don't want to live
in and I'd be a little bit afraid about
trying to materialize that kind of world
so Sharia yep anyway I don't have much
else to say about that except it's a
scary world and I got to go
get ready for a trip and I will talk to
you all later