[Applause]
hey morning come on in
I hear there's a little problem called
institutional racism as soon as I heard
about it I said to myself well I'm gonna
solve that and so this morning I will
solve institutional racism probably end
although the protests I don't know by
the end of the hour and it made me
wonder why didn't somebody ask me before
you just had to ask me I could have
solved a list before but we'll get to
that in a moment but first is there
something we're forgetting yeah yeah
there are
it's called these I'm taking yourself
and all you need to participate you know
all you need there's a cup or a mug or a
glass a tankard chelators time a canteen
jugger flask a vessel of any kind filled
with your favorite liquid I like coffee
and join me now if the unparalleled
pleasure the dopamine hit of the day the
thing that makes everything better
including institutional racism but only
if you drink it black it's time for the
simultaneous up go
I feel the racism declining everywhere
in America just a little bit and you
might not notice it on the first day
it's only one step
I'm a genetical sips and everybody
sipping together I know it's
unbelievable so I've decided to go on
strike I'm going on strike and here's
what I'm no longer going to do I'm no
longer going to pretend I know what the
 institutional racism means I'm just
not going to pretend I know what that
means
do you know what it means do you know
what you're supposed to do about it
when you got to fix that institutional
racism do you know exactly where the
buttons are how about the levers do you
know where the levers are can you can
you go fix that institutional racism
because you know exactly what it is but
you know it's not that's not the biggest
problem in the world because if somebody
has a problem and they tell you what it
is but they haven't defined it it's easy
enough to talk to them until you figure
out what it is they're talking about you
know you can you work through it and say
all right what exactly do you mean let's
get down to it let's look at some data
so we can tease out what's really racism
and what's just the things happening the
way they happen but in order to do any
of that the part where you have a
discussion and you figure out exactly
what it means and what you can do about
it
you would need to be able to
talk about it
do you know you're not allowed to do
you're not allowed to talk about it so
here's the setup we've got this vague
undefined thing it's a big problem and
we demand that you fix it our big
undefined thing but you can't ask us any
details because if you did you'd be a
little bit racist for example the top
editor of the Philadelphia Inquirer has
stepped down from his role after the
newspaper published an article with the
headline buildings matter - last week
according to an internal memo CNN is
reporting this that's right the editor
of the Philadelphia Inquirer one of the
most prestigious of the local newspapers
twenty-year employee had to step down
because he used the wrong words do you
think that this 20-year employee is a
racist well he used the wrong words he
used the black lives matter say
but he used it about buildings and
implied that a building is important as
a black life you got to go you got to go
those 20 years you spent out the door
goodbye racist goodbye if you think if
you think the economy is important which
is what he's talking about when he talks
about buildings if you think the economy
is important to keeping people alive or
racist you gotta go you gotta go
if you think that people destroying
their own means of economic recovery is
a bad idea you're a racist
using Tucker Carlson's the way he says
racist racist so I'm going on strike I'm
not gonna pretend to be useful I'm not
gonna pretend I can help I'm not going
to pretend you're even serious I'm not
going to pretend that there's anybody
who really wants this problem solved
until you can let me talk about it so as
soon as I get I and everybody else it's
not just about me but as soon as we get
a pass that we can even have the
conversation we can't even have
the conversation without getting
cancelled don't expect me to
help if I can't even talk about it now
when I was talking to hotep Jesus the
other day and if you watch that you
realized that there were there are some
spots where I said to him directly well
you can say that but I can't you can say
that and he did senator didn't direct
words and I said I can't even say that I
wouldn't even be part of that
conversation
because I can't even agree with you you
can say it and I can't even agree with
you how that other am I supposed to
help really now I think we should stop
kidding ourselves
that when somebody says we're going to
March until you fix institutional racism
that that's actually a useful thing
meaning that it's useful the way it's
free
I don't doubt that there is such a thing
as racism
I don't doubt there is such a thing as
the institution set up to advantage or
disadvantage somebody I don't have any
of that I'm not questioning the
existence of a problem I'm just saying
if you can't define it a little bit
better and I'm not even allowed to talk
about it
don't expect me to help I mean
really don't expect me to help if you
won't let me even talk about it that's a
basic here's another thing you need to
do in order to get me off of strike take
yes for an answer how about that how
about when you say would you like to
help and I say yes you say oh okay
let's let's see if we can figure this
out how about not protesting me after I
say yes how about not burning down
after people say yes how about after you
get our attention and everybody is like
yeah yeah let's do it what do you got
give us some ideas let's let's bounce us
around how about if you won't take yes
for an answer don't expect me to
help you know if you're trying to change
my mind from no des okay protest a la
protest away my help but once I've said
yes and you're still burning down my
 or other people's don't expect
me to jump in there and be helpful I'm
not gonna do that so I'm on strike happy
to help
happy to be useful happy to talk about
anything happy to consider any proposal
any proposal in fact you've even seen me
those of you who have been around for a
while you've seen me discuss seriously
reparations right I took that
conversation seriously and I bounced it
around to try to figure out why is there
a way to do it that doesn't make
everybody more mad than if you hadn't
done it you knows our way to do it and
I'm also going to be talking about
eliminating the police and I'm taking
you seriously
because that's as far as I know that's
the only specific suggestion that's on
on the table and so my commitment is
that if you give me a serious suggestion
I will treat it seriously I'm not going
to just reject it I've got to really
bounce it around see if there's
something to work with here a little
creativity maybe a little brainstorming
maybe you get to something we'll say
we'll talk about that in a minute so one
of the ways I know I'm right when I say
you can't solve a problem that you're
not allowed to discuss is that if you
look at the number of retweets to likes
if you ever do that so if somebody has a
favorable opinion of your tweet they
have two ways to show it they can simply
like it which is the weak way or they
can retweet it which is the powerful way
and often when it gets between it it's
also like so when I said how do you
solve a problem you're not allowed to
discuss the number of likes was really
high and the number of retweets was
really low what does that tell you well
if you if you spent time about to
interview you know that what that told
you is there was a whole lot of people
who agreed with it
timidly so there's a lot of agreement
but not so much agreement you'd want to
retweet it because you might get
cancelled you might get cancelled just
for retweeting an opinion that it's hard
to talk about the problem that's how bad
it is there are people who thought they
would get cancelled for retweeting a
tweet that says just this how do you
solve a problem you're not allowed to
discuss that's the whole tweet there's
nothing in there about race that's it
how do you solve the problem you're not
allowed to discuss is that controversial
well apparently that's controversial
enough that a lot of people liked it not
that many people retweeted it so I think
I'm going to call that as proof
here's a thought for you if you'd like
to completely destroy the idea of
eliminating the police department are
you ready now you might not want to and
in fact I'm going to talk about talking
about some ways you could you eliminate
most of what the police department is so
unlike most of you I think watching this
who would say that's crazy eliminating
the police it's not crazy
well let me say that as clearly as
possible it's not crazy it just hasn't
been thought through entirely there
might be some special cases where you
could actually test it and I'd be in
favor of that so here's the kill shot if
you just didn't even want to have that
conversation and it goes like this
eliminating police transfers power to
men that's it that's the end of it
eliminating police transfers power to
men because where does power go when
there's a vacuum well when there's a
vacuum of power it's gonna go somewhere
alright somebody always emerges to take
power 1/2 power rises to power power
just sort of happens if you put a bunch
of people together sooner or later
somebody's gonna be the leader they're
gonna be a war lower they're gonna be a
gang leader or they're gonna be the
president we just always have leaders so
if you take if you take the police and
the power that the police have to you
know keep order in a certain way if you
take them out of the equation it seems
to me that men abusing women would go up
and it seems to me that a woman would
have to depend on a man to defend the
house and if the woman is depending on a
man to defend the house it gives that
man a lot more power over the
relationship - because the woman would
not be as comfortable it's never really
comfortable to be you know let's say a
bad neighborhood and not have a man in
the house if there's also no police so
if you're a woman and some stuff goes
down who do you call
vigilante police what do you call so I
think in a world with no police the
relative power balance between men and
women would would shift fairly radically
and men would be suddenly at a greater
premium in other words if you have a
police force
you don't need men in Europe town as
much because they don't have a
protective power you know the police are
taking some of that not all of it of
course but they take some of that burden
so the value of men to society because
we don't have babies you know we're not
allowed not allowed
we can't physically have babies but one
of the things we can do is kill people
basically I mean that's what
unfortunately men are optimized for
protecting children of their own and
killing anything that gets in the way
we're sort of sort of designed for that
and if you take the police away men
would fill that role you know gangs will
form warlord situations neighborhood
watches but the you know the real the
muscle and it would be mostly men so if
you want men to have more power in poor
neighborhoods get rid of the police that
would be an obvious way to do it all
right let's talk about could you ever
get rid of the police and to have
something that's good all right now your
media thought when you think of that you
immediately think all right a situation
with police like now versus a situation
where if there's just no please and you
in your mind you see the criminals
running wild and everything's getting
looted because there are no police well
I don't think anybody's talking about
that right I think that's just a
conservative exaggerated comic version
of what no police means no police
doesn't mean no please the moment you
think that getting rid of or dismantling
the police actually means there are no
police then you've completely
misunderstood the proposition in my
opinion in my opinion what this really
means is you're changing the definition
of what a police officer is so that a
police officer would no longer be
someone
who's in wait for it wait for it the key
part is coming a police officer of the
future in this police les town would be
somebody who's not in the police union
that's pretty much it just someone who's
not in the police union maybe doesn't
even take a paycheck from the city could
take could be taking a paycheck from the
community
homeowners association you know you
could imagine a lot of different models
where there's somebody with professional
training they have a gun and they have
some Authority and they have a paycheck
so if you've got a gun you've got
training and law enforcement type stuff
security type stuff and you've got a
paycheck you don't have to be a police
officer in the police union you could
just be the person they hired to take
care of things if you remove the police
unions say the critics and I don't have
a I don't have an independent opinion on
this because I'd have to dig into it a
lot more but the the concern is that the
unions are too strong and really I think
when people are talking about getting
rid of the police it's really a code for
get rid of the police unions because
probably the only way you could do it is
to say well we don't have police we got
rid of our police so there's nobody to
be in the union but we have these
private contractors we hired for exactly
the same price that are taking care of
things but they're not part of a union
and they also maybe don't you know meet
with each other so much so they're not
protecting each other you can imagine
for example you know ways to get better
prosecutions you can you could imagine
rules changes like that you could
imagine more security cameras etc but
let me let me throw a wild idea into the
mix you ready this one you'll have to
just think about for a while because yet
because you're gonna have to pull
together a whole bunch of imaginary
future elements to see if this makes
sense in your head and goes like this if
you wanted to design a town
from scratch in which there were you
didn't need police and when I say don't
need police
you should always translate that into
your head - you don't need much in the
way of police because you probably you
would always need at least a police
officer or somebody who does a job like
that to be with him driving distance
right so in every situation there's
going to be somebody with a gun and
training in a car who can get there
relatively quickly in every situation so
there will be no exception to that but
you could reduce what you would call a
police force from a lot to some smaller
presence and wait for this idea this
will blow your mind you ready
aye aye I predict / and speculate there
you could get rid of 75% of police
functions if you had only self-driving
cars that were commonly owned like uber
so imagine you out of town in which you
couldn't own a private automobile but
you could walk out to the sidewalk and a
self-driving car would pull up and stop
and you just get in and you say to the
car you know take me to Safeway and it
just drives you the safe way now imagine
that all of the cars are also
self-driving and they are also aware of
all the other cars so the odds of a
traffic accident drop to zero now again
use your imagination when I say traffic
accidents drop to zero nothing drops to
zero but you know you know talk about it
just gets really really small so you
have a really small accident so now you
don't need police to deal with traffic
fatalities and accidents
you don't need police to pull people
over how many of the fatal police
encounters that happened with vehicles
involved quite a few right how many
gangbangers are going to get into a
vehicle that has internal cameras on all
the time imagine getting into your self
driving uber
and you're a gang member and as soon as
you get them the cameras are on you all
the time you're just always on camera
when you're when you're in the uber now
so you wouldn't be able to talk about
stuff you wouldn't be able to take out
your cool garden you wouldn't be able to
do much criminal stuff in the car and it
would be such an uncool car that you
wouldn't feel like you know going and
doing some crime in that car does it'd
be like alright we did some bad stuff
jumping the jump in the self-driving
Prius let's get us out of here so you
couldn't have a getaway you couldn't do
a drive-by shooting you wouldn't have
bad traffic stops where somebody gets
hurt you wouldn't have speeding you
wouldn't have drunk driving you wouldn't
have a lot of vehicular problems now
imagine you put cars on the out put
cameras on the outside of the
self-driving cars and these cameras are
pointing in every direction and it's
part of the navigation but it's also a
moving continuous security system
because if you're anywhere within view
of a road a cars could eventually drive
by and you're gonna be on camera so
you're gonna say to yourself well I
don't like this world with no privacy in
self-driving cars well I'm not arguing
that I'm not saying you should live
there I'm just saying that you could
design a town from the ground up in
which you had almost no need for a
police here's another suggestion make
sure you have enough grandmothers make
sure you have enough of grandmothers
seeded in in places around now
this is an idea that I've heard from
from black people who were giving me
some insight that I didn't have all
right so the next thing you hear comes
from other people who know what they're
talking about so when you say sky you
don't know what that world is like
you're not part of that culture right
right right
I'm just passing it along ok and it goes
like this
apparently the elder females in the
African American urban community in the
United States have an unusual amount of
power
meaning that you know if I walked up to
a young black man and an urban
neighborhood and started trouble I will
get my ass kicked
you would get your ass kicked too but
his grandma doesn't so grandma can walk
up to a group of you know dealers on the
street a gang members and tell them to
get home and cut their hair and get off
the street
grandma can do that apparently it's a
I'm told again I have no independent way
to know any of this to be true but I'm
told by people will know what they're
talking about that the culturally
speaking you throw a grandma in the mix
and really I'm just talking about the
the older female parts of the community
you just put one in the mix and just
sort of ruins everything
ruins all the crime right now I don't
know that that to be true but you could
imagine engineering a community in which
you have strategically placed literally
a grandmother in places that have a
great let's say apartment or views that
where they can see the street so every
time you go out and you're sort of
hanging out in the street somebody's
grandma's watching you and they can call
their security people if they don't like
it but even better
they can call your mom they could call
your mom and say did you know that your
son is hanging out in the street and he
looks like he's getting out of control
there maybe you ought to call him home I
don't know would that work now again
every single idea that you hear along
these lines you have to say to yourself
could you test it there's there a way to
test that in a small setting and if you
can test it and if it has even a little
bit of rationale you know you know good
thinking behind it why not why not just
test it we've got we've got time it's a
long-term problem
maybe maybe long-term solutions are what
we need so then imagine this imagine in
a town in which you got rid of
identification suppose all of your
identification in the town was biometric
so it's in your fingerprint or you know
your face or something so you so nobody
has to show ID anymore do you know what
what would happen to crime in a city
where nobody had to show ID because
identification was a hundred percent
certain every time you would just walk
into the store and the point-of-sale
terminal would see you coming and your
your face and your identification would
pop up on the screen and then you'd say
like a you know pack of whatever they
hand it to you and price pops up on the
screen and you take your phone you go
okay OOP nobody touches any money you
just touch your own phone and it just
sends a signal identification is done
because this are you now how much how
much crime could you eliminate by making
sure that identification is a hundred
percent every time you'd have to walk in
with actually a mask on to commit any
crime at all you couldn't even walk in
the front door I'll let you add a mask
off and if you had a mask on that should
trigger a let's say whatever replaces
the police a security force immediately
let's let's say that you've got cameras
everywhere this is the future town that
doesn't exist and there's somebody who's
up to no good and no there's cameras
everywhere so they put on a mask and
let's say it's not the pandemic so a
mask is unusual well the camera sees a
person and sees a mask because I think
if you can do a facial recognition is
stands to reason you could also identify
a mask I think you know by process of
elimination you know if there's not
enough of a face you can see it must be
a mask the moment the camera sees the
mask it should dispatch you know it
should be illegal to wear a mask in the
future non pandemic you know town that
it hasn't been built yet make it illegal
to wear a mask so you don't get any
empty file problems and then as soon as
anybody shows up with a mask
if a camera sees them is an immediate
dispatch and let's say the first
dispatch wait for it is a drone yeah see
where I'm going with this
the first dispatch is a drone so guy
puts on a mask and you have to walk
there because you don't want to use your
self driving uber for your getaway car
so already it's got to be within walking
distance or it's too hard to do and get
away with it so criminal isn't within
walking distance puts on his mask in the
alleyway goes into the convenience store
and Rob's it the moment the mask went on
and he walked in he walked past the
camera a drone was dispatched small one
and the drone came up for a monoblock
away because you've got you've got
drones on rooftops strategically placed
so there's maybe one drone every block
or so the drone goes straight up the
moment the camera sees that a guy has a
mask goes straight up it was right over
it identifies the person with the mask
as they walk out and then follows them
home just follows them home the police
or the replacement for the police were
some kind of security force with no
union get an alert and they see that the
drone has already dispatched no humans
involved because the drone isn't doing
anything dangerous it's just watching
people so it jumps up and the drone is
watching the sky and you see the picture
from the camera so the drone footage and
now the security camera both show up on
your phone so you can see them both you
can see what the drone saw and why it
launched oh guy with masks walking into
7-eleven and drone got his got his
identification and no it's not an
identification because he's wearing mask
but that's okay the drone is following
him and it looks like okay drone is
looks like he'll be going past Elm
Street in about a minute I'll just send
them a message on his phone hey I see
you in that self-driving car and your
button identified as having robbed the
convenience store if you go back and
give everything back
we'll let it go let's say there was no
gun involved you know maybe it was a
fake gun or something I don't know but
you can imagine the situation you you
can begin to imagine that you could
actually get rid of place but in order
to do it you would also have to get rid
of privacy right so all of you who are
saying 1984 and Big Brother and all of
our privacy is gone that's exactly what
I'm talking about
that's exactly what I'm talking about so
you don't have to tell me that that's
what I'm telling you I'm telling you
there would be lots of surveillance and
a lot of people wouldn't like it but
here's the catch
totally optional it's optional you say
you wouldn't live there and I say good
for you go live somewhere else that's it
don't live somewhere else it's okay with
me all right here's another idea to
throw on this I said that the the
self-driving cars would all have cameras
and you know somebody in the comments
said I'll paraphrase but you don't want
cameras on you all the time sometimes
you need a little privacy if you know
what I mean
and here's my idea all the cameras would
be encrypted and nobody could
unencrypted them including the company
that built the encryption so like Apple
does Apple makes an encryption for your
phone that allegedly even they can't
break there's just no way to get but
there is one way to unlock the video
that's just running all the time inside
and outside your your your car there's
only one way to unlock it with a court
order by a special court whose only job
just one job is to unlock those videos
only if there's so much evidence of a
crime that makes sense and then only
those judges would get to see the full
video and then only the judges would get
to edit out anything that was just
embarrassing or personal just down to
the part that told you whether a crime
happened or did not happen so so in
other words there would be lots of
recording all the time because
is cheap but it would be encrypted and
literally nobody could unencrypted it
unless it was a specific crime went
through a court system special court
unlocked it and then edited it down to
just the part the battered now would
there be FISA like abuse yeah there
would be because literally every system
you build has problems right so there's
no way you could build that system
without problems but you'd probably
learn how to tweak it and fix it and
adjust it and move forward just like
everything else all right
so you don't need to love all of those
ideas which would not be the point at
all the point is that you actually could
imagine I think you could a world with
that did not have a standard police
force in which you could legitimately
say we got rid of the place but we
replaced all those functions with these
other better ideas and new designs and
stuff like that I think I think it's
possible for those of you who were
talking about the FISA Court I
acknowledged you don't need to tell me
that there would be abuse because I'm
telling you there would be abuse so you
don't have to all tell me that the FISA
Court would had abuses and therefore
this would have abuse I'm telling you
that there would be abuse but it might
still be worth it in one if you've
netted all out all right so I've been
listening for this whole national racism
conversation and I've been trying to
trying to build a framework in my mind
to understand it all because until you
understand it all you can't really move
forward right so I'm going to give you
my current understanding and of course
everything's subject to change but this
is my best understanding of where we're
at and why we're having trouble talking
especially on the left and the right a
lot of this came after talking to hotep
Jesus which made me think kind of deeply
on some things I hadn't thought before
and as you as you already know the left
and the right have very different let's
see if I can get the
enos have very different ways of looking
at the world but they also have
different language and you probably all
suspect the part of the problem with
these protests and the you know what
seems to be some kind of a division but
not really in the sense that we all seem
to be on the same team and yet we're
acting like we're not it's like we're
talking different languages or something
and here's why I think that's true I
think that conservatives and then I'm
just gonna lump everybody on the Left
all the progressives and liberals and
Democrats and stuff so I'm just gonna
take these two categories and I would
say that they focus differently and that
this is where some of the source of the
problem is in my in my observation this
is not based on research it's just
observation
it seems the Conservatives focus on
respect they also have empathy whereas
the left seems to focus on the empathy
but of course they also have respect so
it's not that one has all of one and
none of the other it's a matter of focus
and here's the years of different
reasons why they focus differently I
think conservatives say that empathy is
a bad system that you can have empathy
you can feel empathy but displaying
empathy is a bad system that's bad for
everybody it's bad for the person you're
displaying the empathy for it's bad for
you it's bad for everybody it's just all
around bad and here's why if if you let
empathy be part of your structure then
the person who complains the most
effectively gets the power that would be
the system if empathy drives your system
that whoever complains the most
effectively gets the most power can you
build a system around who complains the
most effectively is transferred wealth
and power
now when I say transferred wealth if you
transfer it to poor people it doesn't
feel like wealth of course but just
transferring resources let's say
not wealth so I would say that
conservatives are are seen as monsters
in a sense by the left because the left
keeps saying why can't you show me that
black lives matter why can't you show me
empathy what is the entire complaint
about president Trump's handling of the
the protest the complaints about
President Trump are almost entirely he's
not showing and it's it's the showing
that matters he's not showing the
empathy now he agreed instantly and
completely with what the protesters were
saying about George Floyd complete
agreement complete agreement and when
and when President Trump speaks about
George Floyd is he speaking from respect
primarily or empathy primarily now I
think you do agree that he's done both
he has said words that can only be
interpreted as showing empathy and he
has shown great respect I think you'd
agree he has shown great respect to the
family and also to George Floyd now of
course the critics are trying to find
him something he said that makes it look
like that's not the case
but it is the case he is showing
tremendous respect not as much empathy
as the left would want but the right
doesn't want that empathy because it
transfers power all right and if you
said to the left or why are you focusing
on empathy instead of respect respect
has the sense in it that we have a
constitution and everybody is treated
the same so is everybody is treated with
the same respect under the law under the
Constitution and under God if you're a
believer so respect is sort of like the
key thing here if you get this right
then everybody everybody who's on the
right was gonna like you now I've said
before that my my secret weapon if you
can call that for being except
and I'll use the word accepted by the
audience that's watching me right now
which are primarily conservatives and
Republicans and pro-trump are probably
90% if you are and the reason you accept
me even when I say directly and often
that I'm left of Bernie is because why
why do you accept me when you know I
disagree with you on such fundamental
things and that I've proven over and
over again that I'm left a burnin the
reason that the right accepts me is that
I give this I don't just expect it
I don't just expect respect I give it
and what have I told you about
reciprocity and about how you control
other people conservatives do not
control me I control you in the same way
that you control other people right
everybody controls other people and the
way I control you and the way I'm
controlling you right now well literally
right now I'm controlling you because
you're putting you're giving me
attention which is what I want I mean I
wouldn't be doing this if I didn't
people want people to watch and because
I give you respect and when I talk about
religion for example when I talk about
religion I'm not a believer how easy
would it be for me as another believer
to be disrespectful to you if you're a
believer real easy right I've been there
and I've done that right but my current
sort of philosophy of life is that there
are just different filters on life and
nobody really has the right answer so I
don't I don't privilege my filter on
life if you have one that works well and
I observe that Christianity and other
religions they do work well they work
really well for the people using them so
if it works well I'm really happy for
you that's great because I don't think I
have the right you know I don't think I
got the right answer and you got the
wrong one we're just using different
filters if yours works for you maybe it
wouldn't work for me but I'm not going
to criticize it if it works for you so I
don't I came at you with complete
respect and it's real it's complete
respect so I can I can have a
conversation with you on any topic and I
can walk away even if I you probably the
most common thing I hear from people who
respond to me privately about the the
periscopes is people will say yeah you
make me really mad but you know I like
tossing these ideas around so I keep
coming back so that's what I'm going for
I don't mind that you get mad at an
opinion as long as you know it's not
about us right it's not about me and you
we're talking about the opinion your
opinion my opinion they they live
separately they're like they're like
creatures were watching so what do you
do about this oh and then there's one
other extra confounder which is that if
you're on the left and you're talking to
anybody on the right and I wish I wish
I'd reverse these on the on the photos
or on the graphic but if you're trying
to talk to them because the people on
the right filter things through the
language of religion quite often it
doesn't sound scientific so you only
need one or two senators who are
Republican to come out and say well God
will determine the temperature of the
earth and then if you're over here and
you're saying what God will determine
the temperature of the earth okay we're
out we don't respect you anymore
you're an anti-science so the left just
can't even have a doesn't even know how
to talk to this group because they
require respect they're not getting it
because they're saying hey you're anti
science because your religion gets woven
into it now I've never met a
conservative who was anti science have
you have you ever met anybody who was
anti science you know somebody who
didn't believe that if you run a
controlled experiment and it gives you a
statistically valid result that that
doesn't mean anything because what
because God I've never met a
conservative who didn't think a
controlled clinical trial wasn't a good
I
yeah I've never met a conservative who
thought that you know testing things and
moving toward truth with the scientific
method was a bad idea I've never heard
of that but the left thinks that's true
because of the religious filter that a
lot of the the right uses to talk about
things so that so so what do you do
about this well the first thing you'd
have to do is recognize it which is that
the Conservatives are saying well you're
saying that we have this institutional
racism and you're saying that what you
want is empathy
well how does empathy fix it how does
empathy solve anything
empathy actually makes things worse
because conservatives are let's say that
they have an incentive-based
view of the world that capitalism
creates incentives that's good voting
and democracy creates incentives that's
good the Constitution creates a system
where people have incentives to act a
certain way that's good so if you've
built a system that takes into account
people's human motivations and how
people act in the real world that's a
good system so if you've got something
you're trying to fix institutional
racism and the way you're trying to fix
a system is with empathy that's just the
wrong tool it's the wrong tool if we
gave you what you asked for
you would be worse off not better you
don't believe that here's how it goes
give us empathy all right here's our
empathy now we've got the empathy give
us what we want you got all this empathy
give us what we want let's say you do
let's say it worked let's say the the
protests and everything created more
empathy and the more empathy caused more
resources and attention to be given what
kind of system would you have built if
you took that path you follow the
empathy and you acted upon it you would
have created a system that guarantees
the destruction of your country
because the next group says wait a
minute did that work are you telling me
that worked what does the next group do
the next group says oh that's how you
get power you get power by being the
best complainer demonizing the people
that you don't like as racist or you
know Devils of some kind and this all do
some of that
if you incentivize complaining
complaining that's what this is all
right it's is asking for empathy is
pretty much just complaining there's no
solution offered there are no specifics
there's no bill that's being offered no
nothing that system is not a system it's
a system that can't work anywhere but if
you could find something that was an
actual system conservatives would be all
over it but in order to get to any kind
of a workable solution or legislation or
process or training or anything that's
useful whatsoever you have to be at
least agree what the problem is and the
way you talk about and here's what
happens when are we talking about this
stuff it always goes down this follow
and it goes like this yeah how many
times you seen this somebody a
conservative I say hey more white people
are killed by police than black people
is that true
that is true there there are way more
white people who are killed by police
than black people so is that the end of
the conversation no no no that's not the
end there's more like the beginning
because more black people are killed by
police as a percentage of their
population so there are only thirteen
percent I think black citizens in the
United States thirteen percent but the
police will kill more than their share
of the black population compared to the
white population because there's so many
more white people so even though the
wrong number the wrong number of white
people is higher as a percentage of the
population
it's reversed but wait are we done no no
we're not done because more whites are
killed as a percentage of police
encounters isn't that the way you should
measure it it's not a percentage of the
population because most of the
population never talks to the police the
police don't stop and get into a crime
related conversation with most of the
public most of the public just doesn't
get in this situation at all so if you
eliminate all the people who don't have
any contact with the police at least any
meaningful contact I'm not talking about
a traffic ticket you come to well wait
there are more police or the more white
people get killed by the police as a
percentage of police encounters so we're
done right that's all you need to know
all right let's all go home no nope
can't go home because please stop more
black people it doesn't matter if the
percentage of white people who get
killed is as higher as a percentage of
stops if they're only stopping you know
one white person for every ten black
people you're still going to have way
more problems of the police killing
black people because they've they've
just encountered more of them so that's
the end of the story right it's racism
well no it's not the in this story
because why do please stop more black
people what's up with that because yeah
I would imagine that even black police
officers of which I heard today there
are 20% of police officers are black now
13% of the population is black but 20%
of police officers are black so at least
within the police hiring situation you
got you got plenty of I mean that
situation looks good at least by the
numbers but why did why did police stop
more black citizens well I would call it
the Willie Sutton problem Willie Sutton
was a famous bank robber who allegedly
said and I don't
think you really said this you know how
quotes get manufactured after the fact
so he didn't really say this but it's
attributed to him and he was asked why
does he rob banks because he was a
famous bank robber and when asked why
does he robbed banks he says that's
where the money is what are you gonna
rob you're gonna rob something with
money and banks have the money so he
Rob's banks where are the police
supposed to go to do police work don't
they go where there's more crime
wouldn't you expect wouldn't you expect
that you would send more police into a
high crime neighborhood if if it's a
high crime neighborhood and you could
just say because of poverty you because
of economics etc you don't even have to
bring race into this the police will
always go to the high crime neighborhood
and stop more people and a high crime
neighborhood so what do you do about
that what do you do about that
and then here's where the trail goes
cold so if you watch my conversation
with hotel Jesus yesterday I asked them
this question and I said I can't I can't
talk to this question but you can
because there's some things that you can
say in this world of ours that I just
can't and I said to hotep would you say
in your opinion that the different
cultures and ethnicities respond to
police the same way and he laughed and
he said no basically and and he in his
experience young black men can be a
little bit more let's say display some
attitude or a little bit more resistance
than maybe some other group would now if
I said that which I wouldn't I get
cancelled immediately so how do I get in
the conversation I can't even have this
conversation right without getting
cancelled and it seems to be really the
key to unlocking all of these statistics
that people who are bad at math get get
trapped by because most people just stop
at one of these boxes and say oh well
there it is
that's the end of the story this one box
but you really have to work through all
the boxes and all the percentages and
it's always going to come back to this
with a question work is there something
different that's happening at these
stops now what do you expect that it
would be true they young black men and
resist more which would be a racist
statement that I'm not making that's so
I'm not making that claim but I'll make
the following claim if I lived in any
place where I thought the police were
more likely to stop me and hassle me and
kill me so in other words if I believed
that the police were oppressing me how
would I respond when they stopped me for
something I thought was an illegitimate
stop what would be my attitude as a
young white white man let's say I'm 23
and it's me
it's literally me at 23 I'm a young
white man and I've come to believe that
in my town young white men are stopped
by the police more often doesn't mean
it's true doesn't mean there's not a
reason for it there's a lot of crime
there does it yeah it doesn't matter the
facts of it it's in my head it's in my
head
true or not that I'm being victimized by
the police
now the police pulled me over and I was
just minding my own business what's my
attitude I'm young male 23 years old
I think I'm abused by the police I'm
stopped for nothing and I'm B I'm a
white guy so has nothing to do with race
what's my attitude
what's my attitude a little bit
aggressive it's a little bit aggressive
I would probably step towards the cop I
might even close the distance because I
want that cup to know I'm not afraid of
him I want that to cop to know he's not
gonna get over on me I want that cop to
know he can arrest me he can put me in
handcuffs but he's not going to break my
spirit because I'm not going to let
these cops walk all over me in my
territory I'm not going to let them
describe
against me for being young or whatever
so I don't see any way to fix this
because you could substitute black
people for poor people and when do you
get exactly the same outcome it's almost
like the race disappeared you know if
you work it all the way down to the end
it's the simple fact that there's more
police activity in high crime
neighborhoods that largely guarantees
the people in that neighborhood will
feel oppressed now it doesn't matter if
they are or are not wouldn't you feel
oppressed if the police were just always
beating up people who look like you and
not beating up people look like
something else and the news stories that
you hear are only the people like you
getting abused by the police how many
news stories have you heard this week of
white people being abused by the police
the only one I know of is that 75 year
old white guy got pushed down in Buffalo
and the only reason you know that is
that the context was the black lives
matter protest if he had been any other
context nobody would have cared right
nobody wouldn't even noticed it wouldn't
be news certainly wouldn't be news so
you have this unsolvable problem that is
the nature of it that you can remove you
can remove race entirely and it would
look exactly the same
it will look exactly the same because
there's more police activity you're just
naturally gonna think that on you you're
gonna act a certain way this just and
now how would you solve something like
this the way you would solve it is to be
able to talk about it honestly to be
able to say look you know everything's
on the table
there's no cancelling of anybody let's
just talk about it honestly but you
can't cuz that's the other rule you're
not allowed to talk about it honestly
you just can't
you'll get cancelled just like the the
editor of the Philadelphia Inquirer
who got cancelled for simply having a
non-standard opinion and so I say to you
as long as this institutional racism
is an undefined concept with no specific
activities requested as long as I as a
white person in America have not allowed
to even discuss the topic not even
allowed to talk about it how the am
I going to help oh really
so I'm on strike for being helpful as
long as there's no specific suggestion
and I'm not allowed to talk about it and
people won't take yes for an answer if
you won't take yes for an answer I can't
talk about it and you don't have any
suggestions to even talk about months
right I can't help you and I feel sorry
for people who's anybody who's getting
hurt or their property is being
destroyed or any of that but I would say
the leadership of the black community
has failed you as hard as anything has
ever failed anything ever in the history
of failures and it's it's a tragedy
because it wouldn't take much in terms
of good leadership to produce some kind
of a better outcome but there doesn't
seem to be any in fact I don't even know
who the leader is right do you even know
who the leader of black lives matter is
or is there even one is there one leader
I don't even know do you as long as this
has been going on can you can you
conjure up in your mind the face or the
name of a leader of any of it I mean
we've seen people who are leader ish
locally but until there's somebody who's
sort of a leader who can speak for the
group and is credible there's also
nobody to negotiate with there's nobody
who could give you a suggestion that you
could deal with it because it's a group
of people who don't have a common goal
if the people marching had a common goal
with specifics they do have a common
goal of you know ending racism so that
part is common but until they have a
common common formula for how to do it
it's just a bunch of angry people
there's nothing you can do with that
I'm seeing somebody say in the comments
that the fatherless situation is is the
cause of it and I don't think that's
true well let me just put that out there
it's the most common thing that
conservatives say and I don't think it's
true I think that that's one of just a
lot of variables it's a big one
I would say that you know the
cohesiveness of the parental unit is a
big variable but it's just a lot of
other stuff that really matters a lot in
the individual a lot in the situation
etc you know I haven't heard of Hogg
Newsom since any of this started so I
don't know if he's still he's still
active or he's just not he's not doing
stuff that's making getting attention
has anybody heard of Hogg Newsom being
active in this I haven't seen anything
and DeRay McKesson I've not seen him
speaking in public
haven't seen him on TV I don't know if
he wants to or whatever so his is DeRay
still involved because there's this
weird leadership vacuum where you'd
expect that whoever was you know the the
leader would be on TV every day because
that's the whole point right is to is to
communicate it's the to get the message
out so I don't know if there's I don't
know if he's being locked out is it
possible that the the major news
networks are our freezing amount from
coverage is that possible because why
wouldn't why wouldn't they be at his
house or putting a microphone in his
face every 10 minutes for the last two
weeks it seems like that would be the
obvious thing to do so there's something
going on leadership why is it and I'm
not sure that black lives matter has a
has a formal leadership because I don't
know if all the groups do they all get
together and vote in some way I don't
know
that works alright start with fathers
and move up the list yeah I just don't
think so I think it starts with strategy
I believe it starts with strategy and
that if you ignore that for other
factors you're just gonna go down the
wrong wrong trail
and when I say strategy I'll just repeat
the the fast version of what I said
before in other periscopes that if you
find a way around racism that's you're
smarter play because trying to make it
go away
it's just not possible yeah because the
very adducts baby was born tomorrow it's
gonna have pattern recognition as part
of a natural part of its brain and that
pattern recognition is not very good
it sees patterns that aren't real and
that's that's what gives it you bias so
you can't get rid of the fact that the
brain is is a biased generating machine
because it always makes decisions all
day long without the benefit of a
clinical scientific trial
it just says well it worked last time
we'll try it again that's pretty much
your whole brain right there work three
times let you know the last three times
I tried it I'll try it again it's a
pattern so as long as that's the truth
the best you can do is find a strategy
that makes it not matter just as you
can't stop the rain but you can find a
strategy for getting out of the rain
build the roof get an umbrella all right
so that's what I got to say for today
there's an interview on Vice TV today
with with whom I'm guessing with the
black lives matter leader alright I hope
you enjoyed this one and I will talk to
you soon