[Music]
hey everybody come on in here hey genome
Kimmy it's time for a coffee with Scott
Adams and today we have a very special
guest so get in here and I'll introduce
them in a moment
as soon as we've got our thousand people
will do the simultaneous sip and then
we'll get going with our amazing content
for the day all right everybody
you know the best coffee of the day is a
simultaneous sip yeah I'm here with that
dr. Shiva ayyadurai who's running
against Elizabeth Warren for Senate in
Massachusetts and he's going to join me
for the simultaneous up is everybody
ready grab your cup
grab your mug grab your vessel full of
delicious liquid and join me for the
simultaneous mmm oh that's good stuff
dr. Shiva should I call you Shiva or dr.
Scott all right we're gonna go with
Shiva for this many of the people
watching this periscope are already
familiar with you
and I think they're most familiar
because everybody heard of your your
awesome campaign slogan they got you in
a little bit of trouble can you remind
people of your Elizabeth Warren campaign
slogan yeah the slogan is just a very
powerful slogan it's only the real
Lincoln ticket only the real Indian can
defeat the fake Indian now I have some
connection to that story in the sense
that like Elizabeth Warren my family
told me that I was Native American for
my entire life and then I did a DNA test
in the past year to find out that I have
no Native American whatsoever so she and
I should she and I bonded a little bit
on that now for those who those who
don't know you so well you were running
as an independent
but do you lean you lean more Republican
would you say is that a fair
I mean bottom line Scott is you know I
ran as a Republican I'm a real
Republican real conservative real Trump
loyalist but the bottom line is if you
think about you know Massachusetts is
where sort of the it is the center of
the deep state or the sewer of the deep
state is and you know if you think about
a beacon coming out from that at this
center point there is no difference
between quote/unquote Republican and
Democrat there the establishment is one
I gave the the quote-unquote Republicans
a chance here and I realize that
wherever I went got the ground-level
Republicans love me I was getting
standing ovations
but the Massachusetts GOP is one and
collusion with Elizabeth Warren so we
dumped them and we're running as true
Republicans true independence which is
really the spirit in many ways of the
people out there who've awoken up in the
2016 election 1 million people voted for
President Trump 80% of them were
independent Scott in Massachusetts and
they're frankly anti-establishment it
was it's not like they're part of the
Massachusetts GOP establishment give us
give us a little bit of the numbers keep
it simple for why you do have a path to
victory because people would assume if
they're watching us Oh Elizabeth Warren
they're talking about her for maybe
running for president obviously she's
gonna win what's your counter to the
obviously she's going to win yes I think
Scott you know it when you look at the
math of it and everyone should start
looking at the map because it shows that
in a midterm election in Massachusetts
we have a very very high probability
because there is so much uncertainty of
winning and this is why 4.5 million
registered voters in Massachusetts out
of the potentially 5.2 so 4.5 million
registered voters 1.5 million are
Democrats
less than a half a million but let's use
half a million of Republicans so that's
to the remaining 2.5 million our
independence or slash unenrolled so
that's the registered voter number Wow
okay so an independent in a midterm
election about 2.3 people will vote over
half of that will be independent so and
given that 80% of into
that's voted for Trump the Trump
loyalists in my view are much more you
know adept and understanding what's
going on in politics they can see
through the BS so that's why you know
the real Indian fake Indian slogan it
hits them really strong because they
just love it it just carries on with the
Pocahontas theme it talks about you know
the hypocrisy the lack of integrity
among not only Warren but all of these
politicians but now I've noticed that
people also assume that people who have
a sense of humor are also smarter so
you've got that going for you just the
fact that that's funny
it's funny and it's provocative so
people automatically give me a little
credit but let's talk about your your
background I know your you would be too
modest to volunteer this but could you
just list your academic credentials like
the number of degrees you have animals
well you know I have four degrees from
MIT my undergraduate is in electrical
engineering and computer science which
is my bachelor's then after that Scott I
went to work started a worked at a
founding engineers at a company came
back to MIT and did two more master's
degrees one of them is in Applied
mechanics or what's known as mechanical
engineering and my other degree balloon
or not is an art and visual design out
of the MIT Media Lab retired loved
graphic design and I have a penchant for
art I studied with the grand Alma
graphic design a woman called Muriel
Cooper I've a Masters of Science in that
and then I went out and started a number
company called echo melt which we grew
to around 250 million in value in the AI
field for email came back to MIT in 2003
and did my PhD in a very new emerging
field exciting field called biological
engineering so biological engineering is
to biology as chemical engineering is to
chemistry understanding the laws of
biology and learning how to use that to
advance you know humankind so I four
degrees for MIT team also Fulbright
Scholar I used to teach at MIT a number
of courses as a lecturer so I've been in
and out of academia but I think the
important thing Scott is it wasn't MIT
is really a high tech low tech school
but I also in the middle of that start
at seven different companies which
created a lot of jobs in Massachusetts
so so you did all of that but you're
running against a tough competitor
because she was a lawyer okay I think
we're done with her lawyer lobbyist so
well you and I have a lot in common in
terms of our academic credentials you
did all of those things and I write a
cartoon strip about a cartoon character
who also went to MIT I don't know if you
know this but Dilbert has an MIT degree
in you know I didn't know that but all I
know is Dilbert was one of those
cartoons I read all the time it was one
of my favorite cartoons and I think the
the way you brought out a lot of
different contradictions and the human
versus phenomenal man it's awesome
well so there you should have started
you should let off with that because
that shows your intelligence right there
now yeah I like dog fur it actually you
know dogbert this nike guy right you
know yeah dog burger was modeled after
my own inner thoughts so the things I
have to say out loud all right so you
have a just a commanding intellectual
and accomplishment you know advantage
over your competitors Elizabeth Warren
let's talk about some specific topics
well before I do that can you give me a
sense of the landscape of Congress and
the Senate in particular right now in
terms of how many people do you know of
who even understand technology and
innovation a task at a working level the
way you do is ending up and over the
entire Senate because most of them are
pretty old how many of them have any
kind of a scientific or technical
background so it's a great question
because you know in the Senate right now
I believe there's one microbiologist
and I think in the house maybe two
engineers that's about it what we
fundamentally I mean in and you compare
that to the founders of this country
you're talking about you know Washington
was a survey or a farmer Jefferson can
do pretty much anything right and then
you have people like Franklin and
so it's in many ways of standards we've
lowered to such a low level and it's
because of the entire career politician
model the lack of term limits so we've
ended up with a bunch of frankly
salespeople Scott that's what I view
these these are retail salespeople what
wouldn't be salespeople and lawyers
because lawyers and III actually like to
use the word you know Sardis is where
it's gum bags because I have you'd as a
technical term the scum that floats on
the top of the septic tank that you put
in a bag and I called Elizabeth Warren
that at one of the rallies but I can't
find any nice terms to say that I think
we're being so Connie by calling them
even salespeople but they are a strata
of people where leeches on society at
the worst level right but Josiah yeah
but just just as a you know a citizen
looking at this situation and I look at
the immense opportunity we have if we
get technology and innovation right and
if Elizabeth Warren is the senator she
brings more of what they already have
which is another lawyer but somebody
like you whether it's you or someone
with your skill set there's no way we
don't need more of you in the Senate you
know forget about policy is forget about
personalities and everything else
there's no way we don't need more of
what you you offer in terms of the
technical and real-world experience but
let's talk about a couple of topics that
are close to you immigration education
and innovation your dog is there my cat
is gonna be responding yeah yeah we'd
like to see the dogs later if they come
over yep
now you came to this country at 7 years
old right I did I came here as a 7 year
old kid in from India and the India I
grew up in Scott was fascinating you
know we we were considered Untouchables
so you won't find a lot of Indians like
you know yes I grew up in Bombay which
is a very cosmopolitan city if New York
City is a melting pot Bombay's and
industrial furnace but I also grew up on
us
small village and deep south India where
my grandmother worked 16 hours on the
farm Scott and then she was a village
healer she practiced India's traditional
system of medicine she could observe
your face diagnose you and then she
would come up with combinations of herbs
of personalized combination system of
herbs and here is this woman with no
degrees who I saw her empirically healed
people so I was fascinated by medicine
as a young kid Scott so when I came to
the United States I really wanted to be
a doctor and came here at seven we
settled in Patterson for the four cities
in the United States then Clifton and
precipitate and then living so my
parents kept moving to the better public
school systems in the New Jersey system
but when I was 14 Scott I had an amazing
opportunity because of getting back to
the roots of America which was a good
public school system great mentors and a
loving family I graduated I finished
calculus by the ninth grade my high
school didn't have anything else to
offer me I ended up getting an
opportunity to go to NYU this is in 78
Scotland computer mainframes were coming
right and I had the opportunity learned
seven programming languages graduated
top of the class at NYU and then went
back to my high school and I got a
full-time job in Newark of all places
where people think nothing comes out of
working in a small Medical College where
I was asked to convert the old fashioned
interoffice paper mail system you know
the inbox outbox folders that entire
system Carbon Copy into the electronic
version 50,000 lines of code I did that
and I called an email a term never used
before in the English language we're not
talking about simple text messaging
we're talking about that entire system
and a few years later I got the first
u.s. copyright and you know you were
commenting about politicians politicians
thought software was sheet music Scott
so the only way you could protect
software in 1980 was through copyright
in fact when I met at email you can even
protect it there was no loss and it was
only 1994 could you patent software
because people finally woke up and
realized software is actually a digital
machine so I you know so that early
phase really exposed me you know to the
public
education system then coming to MIT to
the process of going through you know a
pretty large technology institute about
to high tech low tech schools
educational system but you know long
before I came to MIT sky it was in
Newark New Jersey in the public school
systems this was iBook before the
Department of Education screwed
everything up is you know where I got
all my fundamentals I would say that I
learned more in that public school
system than I did at MIT and I say that
with all honesty all right so your your
immigration success story at the highest
level what do you think about the
president's immigration preferences in
terms of the wall in terms of let's say
merit-based immigration would you have
gotten in on merit-based integration
well yeah when my parents came Scott it
was all merit-based my dad had to submit
his resume reference letters he was one
of those guys my pack my dad had become
a chemical engineer in India through
just sheer hard work seevis or one of
the creme de la creme of India and so it
was a huge opportunity you know process
that he had to go through as a complete
merit basis - my mom was a mathematician
the both of them had to apply my dad
came here first we actually waited in
line we were separated you know for
about a year and then my parents my
sister and I came and that was
considered you know it was an honor to
come to this country and you had to go
through the process so you know we
didn't see my dad for nearly a year and
then we came so when I don't even
understand what the issue is here you
know you try to get a visa to go to
India or Russia or Saudi Arabia people
should just try it's a difficult process
it's not easy so the fact that we even
have to discuss illegal immigration in
some ways it's an oxymoron you know is
ludicrous you know I support the concept
of a wall a border wall you know as a
biologist every human cell in the body
has a membrane right we protect what
comes in and out of nature and it's
infinite wisdom has created walls around
every cell when I was living out in
Hollywood I didn't see one Hollywood
person who didn't have a wall around
their house right
the notion of having protection
merit-based immigration
everything that the president's saying
is just rational thinking and I find it
nonsensical that we're even discussing
this issue but let me ask you this I
made the provocative statement in the
past that any big change of policy in
the government is racist in outcome not
necessarily racist and intention but if
you were to change the tax policy almost
any way it's going to have a
disproportionate effect on somebody if
you change immigration in any way it's
going to disproportionately affect
somebody and on and on but would you say
that our immigration policies are fair
or do you think that they target you
know the brown population unfairly no I
think I think the u.s. immigration
policies were probably one of the
fairest in the in the world and I'll
tell you why if you try to go to another
country you know other countries where a
rule of law and meritocracy is not the
norm that's by the way why my parents
came to America you know it's all about
who you pay off who you know all these
kinds of things those are the things
that dominate the u.s. immigration
policy if you know if you actually look
at the laws that were put in place is
probably one of the fairer sets in there
what's happened is neither democrat or
republican i'm when i'm talking about
republican i'm talking about the
establishment republicans particular in
massachusetts never want to even solve
immigration right one-block uses
immigration or illegal immigration for
cheap votes and the other one has been
using them for low-cost labor to get a
you know to get a high profit on a lot
of the P&L statements of these large
companies and that issues never address
both of these parties have never rolled
up their sleeves and actually solved
immigration they want to keep this issue
alive because it's a voting bloc for one
and a very highly profitable medium for
it for the other Scott that's my view
the game doesn't get to blend it into
this to confuse Americans what I wanted
what do you think of the the White
House's
there they're getting some attention by
talking about the Mali Tibbets situation
a citizen young girl who was killed by
an illegal alien and then they've got a
video out today where they batch up a
bunch of parents talking about their
their dead children who were killed by
illegals does that strike you as fair or
a little bit over the top because I'm
gonna lead the witness by telling you
those the anecdotal persuasion rubs me
wrong if you can't make the case if you
can't make the case on the statistics on
the large talking about the individual
it just seems like too much persuasion
and not enough data how do you feel
about that well III I think what's
happened Scott I think the reason I
think were you the point you're making
is the notion of people using these
small videos versus just looking at the
broad set of actual data right that's
appointment yes so I think what's
happened is when people have attempted
to give data right present the data the
mainstream media to typically the large
and as the CNN's MSNBC's have not even
been wanting to present that data right
so if you started looking at you know
how much of value to the GDP is I mean
these are numbers we can calculate right
by merit based immigration the value of
that how much tax revenue were we're
losing by illegal immigration these are
numbers that would clearly prove the
case that we need legal immigration or
merit-based immigration but I think
those numbers are clearly out there but
the the way that the mainstream academic
elite the mainstream media have
constructed this they don't want to
share facts so I think the shortcut that
people are taking is to do the emotional
approach right to do these stories or
anecdotal stories I was down at the
border wall about a month ago with Joe
Arpaio and the angel moms were there you
know these are women who've lost someone
of their
children from from some illegal killing
now they're very heartfelt stories but I
think to your point I think we can use
emotional pieces and I think it's an
opportunity to talk about the larger
numbers do we don't we do we have larger
numbers because the key number would be
are the illegal immigrants a higher
level of of crime than legal citizens
yeah I think that's one number the other
metric here I mean I have an interesting
immigration policy right I don't know
what the numbers are their number seems
so there's probably say there's 20
million illegal immigrants there's
probably a subset of those illegal
immigrants who have you know completely
become part of the American somewhat
economy blocked economy right meaning
the the underground economy imagine that
a set of them are actually they're not
criminals
they're actually working the concept of
converting them you know into legal
paying taxes I mean they have to go to
the bottom of the line and do that and
then you take all the criminals and all
those guys you have to identify and send
them out and make sure we build the wall
etc the other piece of equation is we
also have a set of people on the other
extreme who live off the dole right they
also have gotten instantiate it into
living off an economy where they don't
produce anything they're also leeches
give them an opportunity to yours where
they go get a boat tech education or you
say look you know why don't you go back
to another why don't you go to another
country and you can experience what it
doesn't feel like to be in America so
you almost do an immigration exchange
program and the notion is that we have a
four trillion dollar budget and some of
these people are actually working we
should actually capture their tax
revenue again put them on the path to
immigration I think there's some but the
bottom line is Congress doesn't want to
solve these problems these guys take six
months vacation you know if you're at
MIT or you're an engineer you know you
have a deadline as a cartoonist you have
deadlines these guys have no deadlines
so there's no motivation for them to
roll up their sleeves and actually solve
this problem and I think that's why
that's what the president is trying to
do
but let me ask you this the under
everybody's plan as I understand it both
Republicans and Democrats if we had a
real immigration comprehensive agreement
it would probably include some kind of
work visas where people could come
across and work through farms etc that's
true right yeah I mean the work visa
concept has been allowing like the h-1b
right right so given that both sides
agree with that if you look at just the
Mali Tibbets case and again those of you
watching me are gonna say oh it wasn't
your child who was killed so you're
you're being bad but trust me everybody
is on the same side about losing a child
there's nobody who has a different
opinion about that but would it be true
that if we had immigration laws that the
person who was the murderer in this case
would have been legal if the immigration
laws had been functional wouldn't this
be exactly the kind of person who would
have a workers you know workers visa and
would be totally legal in this country
yeah in the current immigration reform
model that person would have come in
like on the workers visa h-1b
whatever they call that equivalent and
they would have been legal in that model
and they would have been prosecuted you
know as a legal worker and in fact
probably had less rights one could argue
right they'll be treated in a much more
constrained way they couldn't yeah
you're absolutely right the one of the
things with Molly the Malik Tibbets case
what's interesting is when I look at
that issue though obviously everyone saw
what Elizabeth Warren said right he
recognized what would it happen to the
child but then she quickly pivoted to
talking about which he said quote
unquote
real problems with the separation of
families me I guess the hubris of that
statement and noting that nonsensical
value of that statement Scott is what I
think really hit people and I think my
observation which I just tweeted out
earlier last night was this that
you can pivot like that make a comment
like that with such ease really goes to
the fact that in Massachusetts the
Republicans and the Democrats worked so
closely together that there's really no
opposition to her and it's a very subtle
point but it's a very important point
the fact that she can avert lis do this
make a comment like that and you know
feel absolutely comfortable saying that
right now I I've introduced the idea of
the 48-hour rule which is when you say
something that people go wild about
there you have 48 hours to correct or
clarify because you may have just
misspoke in you may have had a bad day
do not talking about Elizabeth Warren
but in general would you would you think
that's a good idea that we should accept
a clarification yeah I mean look we all
make mistakes right
we are not rational robotic human beings
there's probably an initial visceral
response some people make to it in
reaction and they think about it and
then they you know have a chance I like
your 48-hour rule it's sort of like when
you write an email right if you're
really angry you write it you hold on
and wait at least 12 hours you know the
next morning and decide if you should
hit the send button yeah never text a
longer or drunk all right
so would your immigration preferences be
very close to the president's and would
you say yeah what I like about Donald
Trump is is a very practical person and
and if you look at you know the core
concept which is hey we should have rule
of law this is sort of the foundational
principles we should strengthen America
America comes first which means you want
merit-based immigration and then you
also have to address the practical needs
because you could have worker shortages
right so that was a concept of the work
visa it's a very practical approach but
it's emphasises let's enforce the laws
that we have on the books so yeah I mean
I don't see any problem with what what
the president is trying to push forward
okay and would you agree with my general
statement I made earlier which is that
any big change has an outcome that
affects some ethnic group
than another even if you don't mean it
it's just because you know ethic groups
tend to bunch either in economic groups
or parts of the country or by preference
of somehow wouldn't you generally say
that everything of affects the ethnicity
ethnic let's say has a different effect
on different ethnicities almost any big
government program no matter what it is
or big change well you know before we
came from India here you know my mom
would say something interesting she said
in India you can be discriminated nine
different ways in America around three
because in India you can be from North
India South India which caste you were
what language you spoke what you know
curry you used right whether you what
religion you were male-female and a
whole bunch of pink skin color but my
mom said the advantage in America you
had was you could actually work hard and
through hard work you could overcome
that so whenever any policies implement
its god I think it's gonna affect some
cluster right if you just look at it
statistically but I think the difference
in America is that you're not beholden
by enlarge to being in that cluster but
you can move forward in some process to
even overcome those things that's what
makes the country that's what makes this
country a great country because you have
more options to escape from even one of
those ethnic you know sort of walls if
you want if you want to say that way
yeah I would call that something like
strategic parity or strategic equality
meaning that the path that I could take
to be successful might be something that
doesn't work for say an african-american
man or a woman but they have also their
own paths that would not be available to
me so as long as everybody has some path
to success that's that's better than no
bad anyone listening out there you means
gotta everyone we each have our very
particular journey and if you if you
were to map that journey out it's
basically a series of decisions we took
the difference is some countries some
systems don't everyone cannot have their
own journeys because they cannot make
those decisions they don't have they
have less choice and I think in this
country the fact is that you have much
more variability of choice which means
we can in fact say that each one of us
can traverse a journey that could be
very very different than someone else
even though that we may feel confined to
some like ethnic group etc so I think it
really comes down to the variability of
choice that America offers over other
countries all right let's talk about
education what would you do differently
education wise what are we doing wrong
what would you do differently yeah it's
a great question look you know my
great-grandfather he was an indentured
servant very frugal man you know
indentured servants for the slaves
before slaves he went to Burma and he
came back a very frugal guy but what he
always said was he would spend as much
money at whatever he had on education
education was always seen as a way out
of ignorance and suffering and so if you
think about education in this country it
what's happened is that particularly in
the higher university systems a people
have to spend a lot of money to get
quote-unquote a good education and the
student loan system which has been
connected to these large universities is
a racket right now every year colleges
private colleges keep increasing their
tuition cost and the loan companies
simply allow a student a predatory
student loan to take a loan and the loan
by the way should even be called a
student loan it never goes to the
student it goes right to the university
so what we've created for parents who
like my grandparents wanted their kids
to get educated they're willing to spend
a lot of money for education but what
the bamboozling has taken place is that
the educational costs are not modulated
properly because student loan companies
by the way who had record profits last
year billions of dollars in profits
literally keep paying or give the loan
out to the students doing gets indebted
and they go to you know the universities
keep raising their tuition so that one
phenomenon we need to understand but the
more deeper phenomenon is what are the
kids actually learning you know I run a
lot of companies we try to hire people
the students that unfortunately are
coming out now they're not actually
learning any skills customer service
skills how to write a good email for
example do they actually have skills are
getting degrees but not skills so I
think one of the key things that we need
to do is go back at the public school
education system and really and at the
associate's degree level really offer
morbo tech education if we started
opening up two or three vote tech
schools in the inner cities that's how
you really solve racism you can make
six-figure salaries plumber electrician
stop our engineer program or med techs
we don't have enough of those people I
think a statistic just came on the
number of technical jobs we're
generating right now close to 2.9
million and we're gonna have to put
hundred and twenty thousand people
annually to fill those jobs and we don't
have those technically trained people so
I am a big proponent of high tech boat
tech education Scott that's number one
the second thing is I think we need to
bust up the monopolies that these big
universities have on education because
there's really no market competition
there the third piece is I think some of
these large universities need to pay
their fair share of taxes Harvard
University's fundamentally a forty four
forty five fifty billion dollar hedge
fund and it has what I call a fake
university a two billion dollar
operations budget but it's essentially a
hedge fund last year two years ago they
played their hedge fund managers 58
million dollars six guys got fifty eight
million dollars six or nine guys so
large universities when the endowment
model came every time a president comes
to a university they are measured their
legacies how much money would their race
to grow the endowment so that's the
racket that's taking place I think we
need to defund some of these large
universities they should be getting
private funding from us as taxpayers
using those private funds to create
intellectual property that they then own
and resell back to us but I think the
bottom line is morveau tech schools we
need to eliminate predatory student
loans today a big student loan company
can give a kid alone and the kid does
not have the right to go bankrupt
think people should go bankrupt but a
student loan company if they knew a kid
was gonna go bankrupt they'd really say
hey what what course of study you're
gonna take oh I'm gonna study the
Anthropology of Artbox right or bathroom
studies whatever that is right they're
gonna make their assessment on it is the
kid gonna come out not that people
should not study art and liberal arts
and Shakespeare they should but is the
investment in that kid gonna yield
something that the student can be able
to function and be a valuable member to
society so that's one of the biggest
things I think we need to do in
education we you know the science if you
look at I think we're 35th in the in the
world right now in science and
engineering education so we have a set
of elites we're getting very well
educated and concentrated areas like
Silicon Valley or Kendall Square and in
the MIT area but the vast majority of
Americans we're not getting the
technical education
well let me ask you this they you know
when we see that we're ranked 35th or
whatever I have a different take on that
because but maybe you have more insight
into the numbers my take is that the
people who move the needle in terms of
Science and Technology it's such a small
small percentage of all of us
in other words I'm not smart enough to
move the needle in technology so the
fact that I am good or bad at science or
math is completely irrelevant because
I'm never going to work in that field
and if I did I would never make a
difference I wouldn't move the country
forward
so isn't it more important that we have
a large number as opposed to percentage
a large number of people who actually
can do that people you know have your
kind of skill who can make a difference
but does it make any difference if the
average student knows calculus and it
just seems like a waste of time to me
they're not yes when I say scientific
part of what I'm saying is Bo tech
school is plumbers electricians there
are many many jobs which just require
technical skill Scott right
I've even talking about good writers
write good artisans when I say skills I
mean in a broad level of skills we're
not talking about we're talking about
people who actually have
to put their effort into something where
they're actually learning a particular
skill if you look at the typical four
years college student is coming out
unless they're pursuing let's say
medical education engineering or in the
boat tech area a large percentage of
them are actually not learning any
tangible skills so I agree with you in
terms of large population of people but
people actually are learning it could
even be customer service skills right we
we try to hire people where a young
person coming that doesn't even know how
to talk to a customer on the other side
Scott right you ask them to write a
cogent email it's not it's not even
written well so somewhere along the way
here the the notion of just very
tangible skills has been taken away I'm
talking about let me ask you a question
so there aren't too many people I can
ask a question about education and
technology but you're one of them so
I've got one of these virtual reality
computers here and I can go into a whole
different world and when I do that you
know there aren't that many pieces of
software available to there just aren't
that many that much content but when I
see that I could be standing in the
middle of say a famous battle or I could
actually be in you know the the meeting
where the the the Constitution
you know the Constitutional Convention I
could actually put myself there and
watch it in real time do you think we're
close to a point where some kind of
homeschooling with VR or at least better
video is closed because up to now all
we've done is take a video of a guy's
standing in front of the class just like
any other class and it's terrible but it
feels like nobody's really optimized the
technology to make it the better option
are we anywhere near a revolution we're
going to school is just a waste of time
and it's where all the bullies are where
you could just go into a room and
immerse yourself into education or maybe
that's a bad idea because it lacks the
social element but are we close to
anything like that do you think is it
worth yeah it's a great they used to
call cave technology immersive
technologies what I've seen is a
technology curve to typical
takes 30 years and I think vdr is about
to explore I'll give you a couple of
examples up Peter humor you know is one
of the big Hollywood producers Mandalay
Pictures about a year ago of speaking to
Peter Yoshida this is gonna be one of
the biggest areas and he was explaining
to me that he had just witnessed a
technology company that he had invested
in whatever he said I wore these glasses
and he goes and he apparently was
walking across a cliff and he was
shivering almost about to cry the the
technology is here Scott it's it's
essentially here another company oculus
which got bought by Facebook another
friend of mine he essentially got all
the right he created a company to all
the museums of the world like the Louvre
all the great museums where they
literally have 3d mapping camera which
literally Maps every pixel in a room and
they're already starting to do that a
broadly across like all historic sites
museums etc so the technologies that are
those VR glasses the oculus things are
going to be in my viewing it probably
every home like a TV or a microwave and
try the next five years five to ten
years at max and they're going to be
part of the educational experience I
think that the point that you're
bringing up is the whole notion of
public schools industrialized schools
that really was a was a part of the
industrialization process right we had
to train soldiers in a very robotic way
to go off to do a very particular set of
tasks and I think what's happening now
is the key trend that I see occurring in
all fields beat help be to education you
go down the list jobs is a keyword that
we're gonna see more and more of as the
word personalization personalization and
medicine personalization and education
personalization and healthcare and I
think what you just pointed out is that
and that's really ultimately quote
unquote school choice right you want to
train your kid to understand history
what he can actually experience history
in a very unique way or he can read a
book maybe he doesn't like you know the
V honor so I think we're heading into
this very cool Renaissance frankly where
we have the opportunity for parents to
different decisions than they did before
and technology is going to be very
powerful part of the but I think the VR
stuff is actually a significant amount
of the stuff is here it's really working
through the kinks in terms of the
deployment of the cost but there are
many companies were actually to actually
starting to own the content a couple of
examples as I said in terms of in very
vertical areas so great point now do you
see that the content that might come to
the VR world would be owned by the just
private industry and people would just
put together the lessons that made sense
to them or do you see the government
getting in and messing that up too yeah
well you know the Department of
Education mind you should be busted up
part of the entire thing I think in
bringing up the centralization versus
decentralization I think what's
happening is you have two types of
centralization taking place one the
government wanting to own things and
private companies like Google Facebook
etc and in many ways they're starting to
collude together I think what we're
gonna see is obviously those people for
owning power and content and royalties
are going to try to own that content and
drive the direction of that district for
power reasons or for economic reasons
however I think what's happening is
because of the decentralized nature of
these technologies the opportunity is in
us as citizens is to push the
decentralization pushing where
individuals can do more you know more
local stuff essentially that idea of
atomizing education back to the
individual but obviously for example the
company that I just mentioned was bought
up by Facebook that company had
exclusive contracts with a number of the
museums so I'm I can only guess that
Facebook now very much like what Bill
Gates did where he started owning the
digital rights to a ton of digital art
photographs that Facebook likely owns
that content the digital content to many
of the great museums in the world right
now well so you're gonna have that
struggle you're gonna have the
government trying to think that they
know better about education than how
parents want to do their local
communities so that struggle I see is
taking place but that's why I think the
notion of advancing
innovation of these kinds of
technologies is going to be key and
people becoming aware of what companies
like Facebook and Google really
represent the dangers that they
represent let's let's use that to segue
into innovation in general you know the
we've got a number of legacy things like
education is a legacy thing it doesn't
account for the way we live the
technology we have the same with
healthcare I've complained that the
government will say the
republican-leaning government should be
spending more time shining a light on
the innovations that would lower health
care costs because I've I've seen the
number of startups you know with
pitching etc who have tremendously
exciting ways to lower the cost of let's
say tests you know blood test tests you
used to send out you know telemedicine
so you don't have to go into the office
do you think you're probably closer to
this than I am but do you think that
we're close to the place where we could
package up enough of these startups and
technologies to make something like a
low-cost healthcare offering is it how
close are we doing innovate is awesome
timely question tomorrow we're hosting a
town hall at my building in Cambridge
700 just a quick pitch 701 Concord
Avenue Cambridge everyone's invited
about several hundred of family
practitioners are showing up with who
are tired of Obamacare which is a big
big insurance big hospitals you know and
big pharma the point that you're
bringing up is is what I think
underlying is why is the cost of health
care so high and why aren't we talking
about reducing the cost and it comes
down to this fundamental issue one is
the innovation piece which is going to
allow us to get better healthcare at a
far lower cost right now it's like a
$0.50 hamburger is selling for half a
million dollars and if you look at the
entire healthcare supply chain let's
just take drugs for an example the drug
manufacturer makes a drug even who has
generic drugs by the time it reaches you
or me you can get it into place
through the pharmacy like at a CVS or
you can get an inpatient what many
Americans don't know and it took me a
while to unravel this is by the time
that drug goes from that manufacturer to
us there is a layer of middlemen that
very few people even know about called
GP hos group purchasing organizations
these are the the people behind the
curtain behind the curtain they write
very very elusive contracts which allow
kickbacks to take place those kickbacks
take for example a $2.00 generic and
crank it up to $32,000 but there's two
things one is the innovation the other
is the fact that there are these very
gross middlemen who are allowed to
essentially practice legalized
corruption we're going to talk about
that tomorrow
they're able to control the entire
supply chain it's incredible stuff
people don't even know about these guys
and they crank up the price of
healthcare just these guys buy a half a
trillion dollars they should be made
illegal because it's called GPL
kickbacks so that's one piece which is
the existing corruption in the system
which Obamacare support it the second
piece of that is unleashing innovation
an innovation in medicine is going to
come down to personalization I was just
at a big CEOs conference out in Arizona
and the biggest trend is that everyone
recognizes that my body your body
everyone's body is different we each
have different genetics Beach have very
different likes and dislikes and
medicine has got to get personalized
everything we have created up until now
in medicine is fundamentally out of the
war time model what I mean by that is
the entire healthcare model today came
out of putting a soldier back on the
field in the 1800s and Florence
Nightingale who by the way was not just
a nurse she was a member of the Royal
Society of Statistics she was looking at
the Crimean War and tinted one of these
beautiful graphics I'll send you a
picture of it at some point Scott text
it to you but he basically was the one
who found out that soldiers were dying
not because of getting shot but because
when they went into the hospital in 1800
people went there to die she created the
modern healthcare system to put the
soldier back on the field so everything
we do in healthcare
modern healthcare system is really
crisis management is to put a soldier
back on the field it's not about
prevention it's not it's nothing to do
with preserving your health so that's
the first thing that needs to be
understood we need crisis management
which is the amazing stuff we do with
surgery etc but there's this other
aspect of health care which comes down
to what food you eat you know how you
take care of yourselves Diagnostics you
do on an ongoing basis how do you
optimize your supplement intake foods
etc those innovations let me jump in
there and to do to do what you're
talking about the personalized medicine
how much privacy does the does the
individual have to give up if anything
well the fascinating thing is you know
the we're in the era of blockchains
blockchain there's a number of new
innovative healthcare companies coming
out where you can protect someone's
privacy and still be allowed to
transport information which is through
blockchain and there's a number of very
very cool companies that have come about
which allow you to do that one of the
companies that I've just started saito
solve is a company that came out of my
work at MIT where we can actually
mathematically model the human cell on
the computer not the cell not just the
physical cell but the actual chemical
reaction Scott so very much like how we
build an airplane today we don't throw a
monkey we don't you know build an
airplane everything is built on the
computer so this breakthrough technology
allows us to model Alzheimer's we model
pancreatic cancer we discovered a
combination therapy for pancreatic
cancer got FD allowance in a record 11
months so you make a very good point
that the Republicans exist in Congress
to focus on lowering the cost of health
care and my view is what we should the
real health care model looks like this
you get crisis insurance you know 50
bucks 100 bucks where we directly as
citizens can deal with Lloyds of London
right the reinsurance companies will be
handle our crisis and the rest of it in
my view should be direct pay where
possible where you choose the best
technologies you you find the best cause
you find your best practitioner that's
what our healthcare needs to move to
where we put healthcare back and the
responsibility of the citizen and not
think it should be big Insurance Big
Pharma telling us what to do
philosophically it's gotta move back to
the individual Scott okay so there are
very few people on the planet who have
the breadth of experience from medical
technology legal you know political art
how close would you be let's just
hypothetically if I said to you drop
everything you're doing and draw up a
white paper that describes how we could
use what we already have and now to get
to a low-cost
health insurance option maybe it's only
for people who can't afford regular
health insurance but even let's say as a
trial so it's not everybody it's just
some group that wants to be in it could
you describe oh could you write a white
paper right now if that were your
mission that would bring a health care
cost by you know 50 percent or something
is that doable with what we already in
fact in about two weeks we're gonna be
putting that white paper up on our
website Scott but I I swear I swear I
didn't know that I didn't know no no you
read my mind could see when I looked at
the health care model you know I went
into this as a systems guy a scientist
you know I look as an you know looking
at it took me this was February of last
year's when I announced it took me until
it'll be beginning of this year to
figure out what was going on and the big
thing that I couldn't figure out is why
do health insurance companies keep
raising premiums right why don't they
want to lower the cost and then finally
a friend of mine you know he's a it was
a direct pay doctor down in Texas he
said Shiva don't you get it
they're selling he's the one who tell me
the hamburger analogy said they're
selling a $0.50 hamburger for $500,000
the insurance companies have no
incentive to lower the cost of health
care the reason you and I get health
care as we say oh my god what happens if
I get in a bad accident right
and then the dot-dot-dot after this is I
may have to pay a lot the issue is you
shouldn't have to pay that much they've
inflated the cost of
suitable drugs they've inflated the cost
of hospital stays the whole thing is a
massive inflation because there is no
market controls on it one of the so
you'll see you'll see this white paper
come out literally two weeks died but
part of that white papers we don't
produce enough doctors you know when my
grandmother in that village healed
people it was a one-to-one relationship
in the last twenty years we've lost
nearly 250,000 primary care physicians
think about that so why is that a doctor
comes out of four years of undergraduate
four years of medical school in another
four years a specialization they have 12
years of debt my views eliminate that
four-year need to go to undergraduate
you should be able to go right from high
school it should be a vocational
technical job many of their countries do
write to medical school so right right
away to reduce the burden on that
student that medical student my sister
went Harvard Medical School right you go
see that I can't work as a family care
practitioner the regulations that
Obamacare introduces are ridiculous so
you have practitioners good well-meaning
people go into medicine can't practice
the one-on-one medicine anymore so
that's one solution the other solution
is we have to completely get rid of the
corruption of these GPOs that's a second
piece and the third piece is we need to
bifurcate the insurance model crisis
insurance and where we start paying out
of pocket I mean I spend 800 bucks a
month it goes to the premiums I don't
even spend that I don't even see the
doctor that much knock on wood I'd
rather spend it on preventative things
you know so like acupuncture these kind
of things for for technical reasons I
want to keep this under an hour which we
which means that we want to wrap up in a
couple of minutes here let me just
switch topics and by the way I could
talk about the healthcare stuff all day
and when you have that white paper
paying me because I want to give that
some attention what do you think about
the big tech companies and and let's say
shadow banning or you know where do you
see that what's your take on the big
tech companies and Jan O'Bannon yeah
question look I've been at a fighter for
free speech people can go online you can
see all the stuff we've done if we
fought Gawker Media which is all about
untruthful speech but here's the bottom
line when the founders of this country
the country set up America Dane had the
First Amendment in the Second Amendment
which go hand in hand
depend on the sword but the way that
they defended the First Amendment which
we've forgotten about and we don't we
frankly diminish them was a postal
service is going to sound a little
archaic but I want to bring this point
up in when the country was set up we
didn't have telephones right the way you
communicated was through the letter mail
and Franklin and the founders and their
wisdom created this amazing thing called
a postal service work for pennies one
citizen could send another person a
communication and here was a key thing
of it it could not be tampered with this
is critical in fact the Postal Service
has the office of the inspector general
which monitors postal employees make
sure that they don't tamper if they do
or anyone opens your mail is a 20 year
sentence in prison so just let's just
step back ins it's think about that
amazing infrastructure that was set up
now I'll consider what happened in 1997
and I know this well because of the guy
who created the first email system email
was first used in the office environment
up until 19 1993 you didn't need the
internet per se for email after 93 when
the web came that's when we had
companies like hotmail Gmail you know
all the social media companies start
coming and we as consumers started
adopting into our daily lives email
messaging etc but here's the big thing
that we forgot those companies gave us
quote unquote free email and in that
process we transact
our freedom for free email because if
you read the privacy statements they
actually own your content they can
analyze it own it etc so in 1997 Scott I
went to the Postal Service and I said
you know what you guys should be
involved in electronic mail you're not
just at a paper mail company you guys
should offer a public email service
public social media services which
people I believe would pay 25
50 bucks a year but it would be
protected by the laws that govern postal
mail they laughed at me they thought
this was a crazy idea they said look
we're not involved interest in this
email electronic stuff
fast forward 2011 Scott the Postal
Service is going out of business I write
a scathing article in Fast Company and
saying look you guys could be making a
lot of money and protecting US citizens
the Inspector General of the post office
reached out to me and I wrote two
reports white papers they paid me a lot
of money to help them figure out how
they could make money they haven't done
anything so today where we're at now and
the point I'm making is still relevant
because today Facebook Google Apple if
you think about what they've done they
create their the collusion you know they
you take someone's Apple ID your
Facebook ID and your gmail ID you put
them in a table or little database and
you basically know what anyone's doing
at any point in this country or in the
world and that kind of collusion is
what's possible with this powerful
technology and the guys in Washington
don't even understand what these guys
are doing in my view the solution to
that is a 21st century version of the
postal service
because the laws exist the Postal
Service still could be the framework the
platform which offers a public utility
electronic service email social media et
cetera we pay a little bit 50 bucks a
year but those that's social media and
that electronic communications is
governed by the laws of the United
States that we can't be shadow bad you
can't monitor people's communicate it
can't be interfering all right Eve I've
got a I'm gonna go for the the wrap up
here so we can keep it under an hour
that's that's one of the most
interesting ideas I've ever heard by the
way you know I I'm not in a position to
evaluate good or bad but that is a
really interesting idea and I haven't
there's no other way Scott I've looked
at this problem we cannot enforce you
know rep mean we can try to enforce
regulations but we already have an
existing infrastructure that needs to be
taken you know we need to take the dust
off it or make it 21st 22nd century yeah
so I would love to have your voice in
this Senate so I'm gonna be totally
totally biased I want more of what you
offer in our government but I'm gonna
thank you now and what's the name of
your website anybody wants to support us
go to sheet myrfor senate.com with the
numeral four and we want to make our
election our win very participatory
Scott because I don't want people to be
on the sidelines so everyone can go get
one of these magnetic signs it's called
we call her a road warrior you're
kidding you two of them it says Shiva we
just got the great meme and it says only
the real Indian can defeat the fake
Indian so if you want to help and you
can we got seven lessons seventy-five
days in the selection and everyone's
busy we all are working people go get a
road warrior sign stick it on your car
and drive around with it and weaponize
your car hey calm Thank You Scotty thank
you so much evil and I'm gonna I'm gonna
sign off now and just stay here I'm
gonna say goodbye to the audience and I
hope I hope you like this later thank