bum-bum-bum bum-bum-bum bum-bum-bum hey
everybody come on in here
we got coronavirus stuff to talk about
I know surprising are we ever gonna have
any different news do you notice that
all the other news just sort of stopped
even the news they shouldn't be stopping
you know things you would you would
assume would not stop everything
stopping well let's talk about what's
happened all right DJ doctor funk juice
good to see you
are you here some things that's
happening the biggest news is there's
this study out of Stanford
that's not peer-reviewed and it uses a
testing kit that is now FDA approved so
those are the two caveats and it seemed
to show that there was more more people
had the antibodies in at least Santa
Clara County in California then
previously believed maybe two to five
percent which would suggest that the
amount of infections is way more than we
think which which if there are way more
infections than we do about because they
were asymptomatic it would indicate that
the actual death rate of the people who
get it could be in the vicinity of wait
for it their regular annual flu oh don't
start celebrating because you don't want
to be one of those people who says that
10 times 1 is different than 1 times 10
here's what I mean
what is worse a virus that kills most of
the people they get it uh but doesn't
spread very far or a virus that doesn't
kill very many people in all just barely
a fraction of the people who get it ever
die
blood is really viral which one's worse
and the answer is it depends it depends
how viral the one is and it depends how
deadly the other one is and how not
viral this but there are two variables
so we have determined that the corona
virus maybe maybe is less deadly as a
percentage but by all reason you would
also assume that it's probably more
viral than a normal virus so the death
count could still be you know six times
higher all things being equal even if
it's only the same amount deadly as the
flu but there's more to the story
there's always more to the story did I
mention that the study is not
peer-reviewed well that's one thing to
consider did I mention I think I did
that the test is not fda-approved which
doesn't mean it doesn't work just
there's one less reason for you to be
comfortable with it there as a belong
street of Austin says on Twitter there
are a couple things you should at least
be aware of number one the way they
recruited people as they ran Facebook
ads to bring people in now if you saw a
Facebook ad to test just to see if you
had grown a virus and didn't know it and
you had had symptoms at some point let's
say the last several months because how
many of us think we had the corona virus
quite a few of us right most of us
didn't but a lot of us thought we did
anyway people who might have had the
symptoms and thought you know I wonder
what that was wouldn't you think they
would be a little bit more likely at
least statistically more likely to
answer the ad because if you were sure
you didn't have it
well you might you might volunteer for
the study because you're just a good
person and you want the study to do well
and it's good for society
but you would be a little bit more
likely if you suspected you had had some
symptoms so one thing to look at is that
it could be it's not a random sample it
could be the people's self selected for
their own suspicion that they had
something and maybe they're more likely
to be you know doesn't mean most of them
are right because we know that most of
them probably don't have corona virus
even if they think they did but it could
buy us bias adjusted enough to get this
small difference of a few percentage but
here's the other thing
apparently the known the known
inaccuracy of the test so these tests
tend to be not perfect so that's a
problem that goes across all of these
tests and this particular test there's
some indication that the the number of
false positives is roughly in the range
of exactly how many people they found so
one possibility it may be the peer
review would get to the bottom of this
one possibility is that the amount of
false positives completely explains the
the result that's like the could - all
of it and that's the possibility now I'm
not saying that's for sure what's going
on here I'm just saying that Balaji
pointed out that you have to at least
consider that if you know the accuracy
the test has you know this you're sort
of in this low few percentage range and
that's also the number that's also the
range that you found extra people with
growing a virus well you gotta at least
ask the question so I would say that I
would not put I would not put strong
weight on that Stanford study that would
indicate a lot more people have it and
that therefore it's less not any more
deadly than seasonal flu which is bad
enough of course so that's it maybe
that's what wait and see well we keep
getting more in a
donal and half study and preliminary
study information on red desert here and
hydroxychloroquine in a perfect world
there is non conclusive information that
if you're really bad off the REM des of
here does a good job and there's also
inconclusive information that if you
give somebody the hide the
hydroxychloroquine really early they
never get to the point where they would
need anything else
so in a perfect world we have both so
you could imagine that given the
hydroxyl chloroquine early and it
reduces the number of people who ever
need to be hospitalized but if they are
hospitalized then the red desert here
comes in and does the rest now of course
it's not going to save everybody but you
could imagine that with all of our
mitigation if you added that to you know
testing and you know maybe some people
have some antibodies that make a
difference we don't know maybe the the
convalescent blood serum thing works who
knows but now we've got a number of
tests that all have the same quality if
you noticed that everything all of our
tools have something in common they just
sort of work a little bit right that
none of them are you know a kill shot
it's like well you know it'd probably
help if you did some of this but you
know it would also help if you if you
did a little this may be a little this
kind of testing yeah a little bit of
taking temperature and you really have
to sort of add it all together and we
don't really have all the assets in
place even to do all this stuff we're
only getting to the point where we can
do enough testing getting to the point
where we could do a real
that's just getting to the point where
we can be confident about these drugs
being useful and not deadly or we're
sorry just a few weeks away from a lot
of stuff at least in terms of knowledge
but the timing is going to be beyond
interesting and not a good way because
as you know several states are beginning
to rebel so people are starting to
protest and I think at least in the case
of Michigan it's because there was a
little bit of a ridiculous overreach
about what people could and could not do
you know I think people are willing to
obey obey the direction of their
government if the government has a
plausible reason you know if your
government says look this is gonna be
really hard I know it's gonna be a
burden it's gonna be a sacrifice but
here's the reason you're doing it it's a
good reason then the citizens look in
that look at that they say ah I hate I
hate that it's you know I'm the one you
know not because the sacrifice tends to
be not uniformly distributed so you
could imagine a citizen saying I hate
this I just hate that I'm the one who's
gonna you know take it in the butt and
other people are now so much but I see
the point you know I can see the
argument that the government's making
that's not what happened that's not what
happened I don't think people could see
the the argument for why they couldn't
walk in the park I don't think people
saw the argument for why they couldn't
buy I don't garden seeds I'm not even
sure that story's real but people
thought it was real so I guess that
makes it real enough
so because the government did not make
an argument that the people could say
yeah I see what you're going for that
makes sense
they lost credibility and now we have
protests in the streets how bad will the
protests get well I think there's a real
productive tension happening right now
and
productive tension is this there's no
right answer the people have preferences
and those preferences often fit their
situation so certainly a young person
who needs a paycheck I have a different
opinion that a rich old person etc so
you know you have this power and
preference battle that's playing out but
I would argue this very it's a healthy
competition so I believe that the people
who are pushing to open up have good
intentions and it probably is good to
push the government to keep that
pressure on so I'm in favor of the
protests oh not only because I think
they're legitimate but because it helps
the process puts a little pressure on
the government and I think that's good
now what do you make of the fact that
the Congress can figure had a vote on
the rest of the money that's needed to
to finish up the Paycheck protection
program so a whole bunch of companies
that are just like the companies that
did apply early and got money there's a
whole bunch of other ones who just
couldn't get in it was too clogged up
and now the money's gone can we put up
with that these businesses are good just
be decimated because the government
decided it wanted to tweak the bill and
add some things make it better and then
other people disagree I don't care I
don't care what the reason is you know
Chuck and Nancy you got reasons I don't
care I don't care all I know is that you
could have voted for whatever those
checks could be going out and people
could be getting helped it's not
happening that's what I care about I
don't want to I don't wanna hear about
the excuses the reasons how you're
making it perfect and you know this
would be the good time to do it I don't
care you just not doing your job and
here's what I say about that when your
government is being credible and
transparent and honest you can say to
yourself I will sacrifice for that does
that make sense
when your government is not meeting the
the minimum level of competence and I
think you could say that about Congress
right now
the minimum level of competence is for
them to vote for the thing that wait
wait for it they all agree on it would
be one thing to not be able to get
something passed when there's actual
disagreement but they can't pass a bill
that they agree on because they're
trying to some of them are trying to put
some extra stuff on it but the stuff
they agree on they can't get voted in in
an emergency in an emergency they can't
vote on the things they agree on that's
the lowest level of expectation you know
beyond showing up you know I suppose you
know good attendance would be the basic
thing but after attendance or whatever
the digital version of that is after
that the minimum is that you should be
able to vote for the things you all
agree on if you can't get that done well
anyway the point being there is some
point at which a government reduces his
credibility to the point where the
citizens will not and should not heed
its guidelines and I would argue we're
getting perilously close to that and I
would go further and say that if you
were one of the one of the businesses
that couldn't get in you know couldn't
get your money while other people did
and the government is just forcing you
to stay closed and isn't giving you
nothing in return I think that from an
ethical perspective you have the right
to reopen your business now of course
that could give you some legal problems
etc but I would I would go but I would
buy your product I will go in your store
so if anybody opens up in in violation
of the government's requirements you can
count on having at least one customer so
I any story that wants to violate the
the government's guidelines specifically
because they didn't get the PPP
I'm gonna say that is ethically
acceptable you know I'm assuming that
they would take some you know steps wear
masks and do the smart of stuff and I
would say that I would buy their product
now I don't expect that to happen and
here's the problem there are a lot of
ways that the public can protest that
might be meaningful but when the when
the choke point is businesses and their
physical businesses it doesn't take much
police to shut down a business it takes
a lot of police to shut down let's say a
million people protesting but if you're
just one store owner it's just one
policeman who walks in and says you know
this is a violation I'm gonna write down
your name and you're gonna get a
gigantic fine you know and if you don't
pay your fine you'll have bad credit
yeah if you have bad credit you're out
of business and the store owner is like
ah I don't want to deal with this and
the cops has a head you better get a
lawyer there's a store okay I'm out look
can I just close you know can you can
you throw away the ticket if I just
closed and the cop will say yeah that's
all I really want so it takes a very
small enforcement arm to make enough of
a threat to close down all the
businesses and so as a practical matter
I don't see anything like a mass protest
where people just open their businesses
against the government's wishes but if
it does happen I will be happy to shop
there I just don't know that they can't
alright it looks like some kind of big
decision may have been made by the
Democrats to get rid of Biden because
even see and then turned on them so
CNN's got a big article about his the
allegations of him meeting a alleged
victim back in the nineties and
apparently a number of top Democrats are
being asked to comment on it
you know spur nice Anders and Elizabeth
Warren and stuff so it turns out that
it's not embargoed anymore so the
Democrats
it looks like the let's say the the
protective coating that the Democrats
have in their media the little protected
media situation it looks like there's
some kind of decision that must have
happened I don't know if they had a
meeting about it but maybe collectively
they've just decided that they are going
to talk about this and for all practical
purposes if Biden wasn't already you
know hopelessly impossible in terms of a
candidate this is kind of the final nail
in the coffin so there might be
something afoot it's sort of that it is
signaling to us that the people who
would need to support a Biden candidacy
are indeed not all right
see
so I guess Trump went after Nancy Pelosi
so you you probably all saw the footage
of her showing her big expensive
refrigerators and all the ice cream
she's anything well well everybody's
dying in the streets and of course it
was super tone-deaf and she wasn't
reading the room and stuff but more
importantly where is she is it Nancy
Pelosi the sort of person you're
supposed to be hearing from in an
emergency you know I'm glad we're
hearing from the taskforce and I'm so
glad we're seeing plenty of Trump and
ouchy you know and all those people and
I think by the way they're doing
terrific in terms of communicating with
it with the public in terms of time
spent I still think they're terrible at
communicating the specifics but uh
where's Nancy Pelosi I mean there's it's
sort of conspicuous in dismissing now
let me bring you back bring you back do
you remember how worked up I was when I
would be watching these task force's
task force meetings and they would spew
raw numbers of how many ventilators they
made and how many gloves and stuff and I
kept screaming that's useless unless you
tell us how many you need it means
nothing to us to say have
you made how many you bought how many
delivered it means nothing how many do
you need is that most of it isn't okay
so you heard me said that a million
times so now we find out that we somehow
increased production enough to make
three times as many ventilators as we
need it and we hear that there were
smart people in the administration
President Trump certainly was among them
who said I don't think you need so many
ventilators right this is a story we're
hearing that there were people who would
be getting you know in the
administration the task force they get
these requests from the states for you
know thousands and thousands of
ventilators and they would say no no I
don't think you need all those
ventilators you know first of all
because it's just way too many and
secondly maybe we could you know move
them around to places indeed um so you
don't all need your own I'm out now
here's here's the problem we're hearing
now that President Trump and others knew
it was too many ventilators if the
public had known that let's say that the
the task force had given us you know
more transparent numbers here's how much
they say that they're gonna need here's
how many we have is it not likely that
we would have seen it - would the public
not have said wait a minute why are we
asking for all those ventilators that
doesn't seem to add up I think we made
too many ventilators because we did not
have a managed situation and when I say
managed I like to use my little saying
that if you're not measuring things
you're not managing it because if you're
if you're not measuring what happens
when you do this change what happens
when you do this change well you're just
randomly doing things and you don't know
if what you're doing is working and so
the next time you have to do something
well you don't know what works you just
randomly do more things so if you're not
measuring everything you're not doing
anything and we were not measuring the
supply compared to the need of this
ventilators and other stuff so now are
you surprised in the end are you
surprised that when we didn't measure it
we came up with what you know the wrong
number by triple or something no that's
what happens that's an unmanaged process
now the the the worst case would have
been death had been in the other
direction what if we had gotten to the
peak that we didn't have even ten
percent of the ventilators we needed I
mean could have gone that way right and
the public wouldn't have known until it
was too late so by having us having the
public less informed I think I think
maybe that was a lost opportunity
because I think the public probably
would have pushed things closer to the
the need if you know what I mean you
know that the the number requests would
probably would have been a little more
realistic if there was more visibility
other in general just to I don't know
that that's true by the way I'm just
gonna say that in general if you don't
have transparency and you're not
measuring stuff it should look exactly
like this that you made way too much
stuff that's that would be one of the
things you'd predict but in this special
case maybe it doesn't matter that they
made too much because you can't have too
much because you can share it with other
countries and we have a moral obligation
to do that if we can because we have
better manufacturing abilities so it's
got as much more optimistic must've had
a conjugal visit from Cristina Cristina
is probably watching this periscope
right now so let me just say how much I
love her
and she's the most beautiful woman in
the entire simulated multi-sphere all
dimensions space and time well it looks
like oh did you all see the video of CNN
and I think I mentioned this this
morning but you have to watch it because
there's another video in the same of the
same interview in which Biden is on
there in a triple screen so it's split
three ways and it was Anderson Koo
Sanjay Gupta dr. Sanjay Gupta and Biden
and Biden is talking and you could watch
Sanjay Gupta and the in the middle it if
you haven't if you haven't watched this
video it's really really funny I've
watched it several times because you're
watching Sanjay who you know if you've
if you've been watching CNN for a long
time as I have you know you having a lot
of respect for him as a medical
professional the you know strange
shooter right so he's he's this smart
scientific minded rational guy you know
totally at the top of his game
professionally and you're probably
mentally in every other way he's sitting
in the middle of this this three part
screen and Biden is talking and you
could just see him almost almost trying
to send a mental energy to Biden I mean
who knows what he's really thinking but
the way it looked is that he was almost
like wishing Biden to not make a mistake
and he's kind of biting his lip because
it's is starting to go off the rails and
you can see like now of course I can't
know what he was thinking but it's just
as funny if you don't know because the
way it looks is he's terribly
uncomfortable being you know watched in
public as Biden is talking because it's
a train wreck and and both he and
Anderson Cooper had to know it was a
train wreck and he's trying to he's
trying to play a straight but if you
ever want to win some money in poker I
think he wants Sanjay Gupta on the other
side of the table because I'll bet he's
a great doctor and he's you know
terrific on television so he's great at
his jobs I'm guessing you know at least
of what I see he's great at but I don't
think he can play poker so if that was
his poker face you're gonna make a lot
of money off of Sanjay Gupta which is
which is that which is not a criticism
whatsoever I like the fact I like the
fact that you can you can read his face
that's a plus a negative all right
debates
gonna be gold I don't see debates
happening to you
do you see debates happening don't see
it happening
and it's not just because of the
coronavirus I think the coronavirus
might make it easy to not do it but I
feel as though the Biden campaign or
what's whatever will be left in it will
find some reason that it's just
unnecessary and they'll say you know we
don't need to debate this monster this
orange monster everything that needs to
be said has been already been said he'll
just get up there and he'll tell some
lies why should we debate with somebody
who's just gonna lie yeah so I think
they're gonna have to find some elegant
or even not elegant way to not have a
debate now the other alternative is that
Biden gets replaced before that becomes
necessary yeah you can even see this I
know this is a stretch but we're in such
weird territory that everything seems
possible am i right it doesn't seem like
anything's now possible anymore so you
could imagine that a debate would get
scheduled and then a few hours before
the debate there'd be news that Joe
Biden came down with you know I don't
know a flu doesn't have to be the big
one but he just gets sick but it's all
scheduled and everything set up and so
what did they do it's like it's just
hours before the debate and Joe Biden is
ill or his campaign says he is what do
you do maybe maybe you send your
vice-president maybe you send khamel
Harris because hey show goes on and the
argument is that the whole point of
picking a vice-presidential running mate
is that that presidential running mate
is already you know on day one ready to
take over the job of president and any
time well perfect case let's let's prove
this candidate can take over the job by
taking over the debates now is that
likely no no but we're in territory what
we're in a this weird zone of reality
where anything that does happen is also
unlikely pretty much everything that
happens from now on is just completely
unlikely if you were to you know try to
predict it in advance so could it happen
probably not good all right I'm gonna
take some questions because I know you
like to ask your questions so let's
start with Alex Alex do not disappoint
me come to me Alex have a good question
Alex what have you done your technology
has not kept up we're gonna have to go
to George George I'm counting on you to
have good technology George you have a
question for me yes
well use your question Sam Harris talk
about our response to Kovac 19 shows how
we're really unprepared for climate
change how that statement at that point
of view what would you do to win or
think well you know there's there's a
chapter in my book to think in which I I
kind of talked about the framework for
how to do that and here's the problem if
you only had one gigantic problem that
would destroy the world then you would
of course be as prepared as you could be
and you'd put all your money into it and
you know really take care of it but he
had more than one potential thing that
could destroy the whole world and I
listed in my book you know published
months ago that what happens if a
pandemic comes I mean that was actually
an explicit example so if you'd spend
all your money getting ready for climate
change what do you have left for
pandemic what happens if an asteroid is
coming to the earth what happens
anything happens right there's lots of
lots of unknowns big war et cetera and
so that's the problem is that sometimes
the best way to be prepared is to simply
be rich and flexible would you say for
example I'd see we lost the collar but
I'll keep answering the question would
you say that we were not prepared with
ventilators I would argue that we were
exactly the right amount of prepared
because we could build them as fast as
we needed them times times three
apparently so
could you say we were unprepared with
ventilators when we ended up with three
times more than we needed in plenty of
time
well I would say that is prepared in
other words being rich and capable and
flexible is sort of the best way to
prepare for a lot of stuff and that's
what happened
likewise with manufacturing of all the
other stuff we were prepared enough that
we had a worldwide system of shipping
and communication purchasing you know
quality control and everything else so
we were prepared in that way in a way
that you could never be in 1918 you know
were people prepared for the Spanish flu
well even if they'd done everything that
you could do in 1918 would you be
prepared no no you wouldn't so in 1918
it didn't matter how prepared you were
you know kind of kind of isn't gonna
help you because you know how much you
can do but these days being prepared
might look like being rich and flexible
and very capable to make do move talk to
communicate organize whatever you need
fund you know vote change legislation
get rid of get rid of guidelines you
know we we fare ly quickly modified our
entire form of government almost
instantly into a you know task force and
a guideline
you know regulation cotton you know buck
kickin kind of a hybrid that just didn't
exist a week before that happened so I
would say that I would argue that our
you that we're not prepared I would say
that we're prepared for more things than
we've ever been prepared for in the
history of humankind because we have
more capability for everything but I
don't know how you would weigh that
method versus you know the the moonshot
of saying well I'm gonna guess what we
have exactly one big problem I'll just
put all my resources there all right
let's take another question let's see if
Judith has a good question
Judith Judith hello Judith do you have a
question you're I started reading your
blog back in August of 2015 and you
totally cured me as the original I was
the original never Trumper and you
honestly and you got through to me in
just a couple of posts and I just wish
you would devote your talents to curing
TDS in the country it's such a big
problem well you know it seems that
maybe the only people who could be cured
of TDS are people who are already
leaning conservative to begin with
because the President did go from you
know ten percent of Republicans like him
to ninety whatever percent and I would
argue that that's most amazing
performance of persuasion of all time I
mean he just turned he turned the entire
party into his party and you can't be
more persuasive than that in today's
world you don't really persuade the
other team it's not really even about
that you might you know pick off a few
people just enough to tip the balance in
the swing states or something but for
the most part you don't cure other
people they they will be permanently
like that and by the way it's not that
different than when Obama was in office
and there were people who were just as
crazy about his secret Muslim plan to to
to destroy the United States I think was
what I heard the most so it's not unique
to Trump and I don't think it's curable
people just like their teams but thanks
for the question
thank you sad
all right let's take another question
wait first we'll go here yeah we'll do
that and let's see I believe that Andrew
has a question for me Andrew looks like
very happy
Andrew do you have a question for me I
oh now animistic last couple but I had a
question on what you think of the WHO
and the what Trump is thinking about
doing in terms of negotiating he had a
very open request on terms of he wants
many things to change but didn't say
specifically what and what you think of
that tactic I like it a lot you know
it's every now and then
Trump is exactly the perfect person for
the job because I don't think another
president would have done what he just
did which is how about we don't give you
any more money until you fix it
it was pretty decisive and I think
exactly the right thing to do now some
people have tried to say oh it's
different than what Bill Gates wants and
he's smart and so he wants the world
health organization to remain attacked
and be funded but so does Trump I mean
Trump just wants them to be functional
and to make whatever changes would be
common sense meaning I mean they have to
change leadership that's not optional I
don't know what else needs to be changed
but I think it's exactly exactly the
right move they're very very few times
when I would say something is a hundred
percent correct you know even in the
timing mehar to get the timing right
because at the very least somebody's
gonna say you should have done it sooner
well I don't even think he should have
done it sooner to me it looks like
exactly the right decision exactly the
right time
decisive boom he can negotiate he
doesn't need to be that specific he can
send his name in and say team team goes
in and says you know tell us what you're
gonna do and then they said that's not
enough they negotiate yeah I think I
think that's I like where this
I don't like where it was but it seems
to be heading in a fixable direction do
you think having it open like that in
terms of I I think I hope that the who
can be reformed but I almost you know in
a way I wish that we did something
different in terms of having less
political and to having a system that
was almost like a bounty where you say
oh if you come up with a malaria drug
we'll give you 50 million dollars
something that's like less political
it's purely capitalist market driven
yeah maybe there's room for both I don't
know enough about the worlds worth
health organization to to have an
opinion about how they should do things
but yeah it does seem you know it's
probably worth a look for the bottom up
all right thank you thanks thank you
let's take a better call here let's go
to about looking at your names like I
can tell who's gonna ask a good question
and I think that bill will ask a good
question
bill bill do you have a good question
for me everything well thank you I just
have a quick question on any of the
Trump kids taking on the presidency in
the future any of the Trump kids taking
on the presidency the future well what
would be more fun than that I mean I
can't even think of anything that would
be more fun first of all I would not be
surprised if after president Trump's
term is over he does something in the TV
or radio realm or both so I can imagine
the president Trump would have some kind
of an ongoing media presence or company
or association or something so he'd have
a leg up you know sort of a friendly
media situation and then the question is
which one would which one would run you
know when it would it be Ivanka would it
be Don jr.
Eric seems to Eric seems to be less
interested in politics that's just from
the outside it looks that way
my guess is that neither of them are
gonna run I don't think they will
because I don't think it looks fun and
they've seen seen their father get torn
apart yeah and maybe they've just had
nothing you know you can't read minds I
mean it could be that either Ivanka Don
junior or you know who Eric wakes up one
day and says you know I think I'd be
pretty good at this and then all bets
are off because they all have such high
capability so the thing that the thing
that you could never bet against him
right I mean I'm not saying that they
would definitely win or definitely
wouldn't but you wouldn't bet against
them you know against anybody against
anybody you know you wouldn't even have
to know who's on the other side you say
okay it's whoever this is to be named
later
and they're running against Ivanka well
who you get a bet on you don't even know
who the other person is and you
automatically walk I think Ivanka my
witness so who knows but possible good
happen thank you and Don jr. of course
you know he always brings the he brings
the energy he has you know much of the
gift that his father does so we see of
course would you know make a huge splash
so we'll say yeah maybe Baron maybe very
all right thanks for questions thank you
all right let's try Monica I think your
Monica Monica do you have a question
Nautica I can hear you what's your
question that so from your point of view
is there anything like the truth how can
one question
so there's there probably is something
like the truth if you're talking about
math or physics or at least it's you
know true enough for our purposes but
here's here's the thought experiment
think of all the plants and animals and
instinct and insects in the world do any
of them have a good understanding of
reality and I think you'd agree no now
they're they're pretty much just going
through life and reproducing and that's
all they need to do so if you think that
evolution is how we got here was there
any reason that we would have evolved to
understand reality when there's no
utility to it because we can see every
other plants and species and you know
bird and an elephant they don't really
understand the reality they don't know
they're on a planet that's in space they
don't know that they'll die someday they
don't know anything and it doesn't make
any difference so why would we be the
only species that evolved to know
something that has no value
there's just no value in knowing the
real the real base reality so but it
makes more sense that we evolved to
imagine that we do because we can test
it's easy to test that we're irrational
creatures who rationalize after the fact
and once you realize that that's our
normal mode that we make these
irrational decisions and then we fill in
the the weird reasons after the fact and
they're not even not even rational most
of the time or a lot of the time so once
you realize that were a completely
irrational species there's no other
species plants or animal that
understands the universe and doesn't
need to we don't need to because if you
know I use the example of you know I go
shopping back when you could do things
like go shopping and I'm in the grocery
store and there's a Muslim to my left
and a Hindu to my right we're all in
different realities you know because one
one believes that you know God is
watching and judging and you know the
afterlife is the bigger reality the
Hindus you know thinks maybe
reincarnation I'm thinking well maybe
it's all a simulation we're not in the
same reality and that extends to
politics you know there
the people who think that Trump is a
monster really see it like that's that's
what they see and feel all the
information that they're receiving is
consistent with that and yet sitting
right next to them in the same room
somebody watching the same stuff is
getting a completely different movie in
reality so if there is a base truth it
would not be available to us because our
brains there's no reason to assume our
brains could do that they're just not
that tool in the same way that you would
assume a cotton ball would not be a good
can opener
it just isn't for that it was never made
for that there's no surprise that it
doesn't work for that so there might be
a base reality it's unavailable to us
and so we have to act we have to act
like we know reality but we're just sort
of guessing is that what you wanted well
there's definitely something to the fact
that collectively we decide on some
truths but even then there's always at
least one other camp that did not agree
on that truth so yeah I'ma be candid a
big proponent of the idea that reality
is subjective and that's the good news
because if reality is subjective you can
sort of craft it the way you want it you
can you can create your own reality as
long as it's consistent with what you
observe you can create any idea any
reality you want for example I have
created the reality doesn't mean it's
true
I've created the reality that I always
win that's it I just that in my mind
I've decided that that's the filter on
the world is that in the end I always
win oh yeah I don't win every point but
I always win the game oh yeah maybe I
don't win every game but I'm definitely
gonna win the match you know so so
that's sort of a fiction if you will
that I've invented for myself so I live
in that world
and then probably confirmation bias and
selective memory allows me to live there
and I live in a world in which I always
seem to win and is that true
I don't know all I know is that because
I've set that filter every every piece
of information that comes in confirms
that it's true even if it isn't which is
the cool thing so does it hurt me to
have this filter that says I always win
probably not there's probably no
downside to it if it's wrong it's just a
harmless maybe it's helpful filter that
makes me feel good makes me work harder
keeps me optimistic makes me try harder
because I figure half it's just one more
you know one more minute and I'm gonna
win in any moment here and you see how
that plays out if if any of you were
with me when the election happened in
2016
and I made the most ridiculous
prediction in 2015 that Trump would win
it at all
and then he did and I'm sitting there
watching this unfold and you talk about
doubting reality that night and you
probably all had this the same
experience in some form when you're
watching the the vote tallies come in
and I had created this world and I'm
completely aware of the fact it's
fiction I've created for myself a
fictional world in which I always win
and then I did the most ridiculous
prediction pull everything into it did
it in public you know basically risk my
entire reputation forever yeah a third
of my income I mean I just gambled
everything on the stupidest prediction
in the world why because I always win
because I always win and that I won and
so it seemed to reinforce the thing I
have the fiction I've created now did I
cause it to happen well that would be
you know maybe interpretation that the
simulation is something that you could
steer and you're a player in it or
something like that
so certainly we can create our own
reality within within certain bounds you
know I can't I can't will myself to fly
but I can tell myself I always win and
then I live in that reality where
there's
anyway thanks for the question that was
probably weirder than you were expecting
all right let's see if David has a good
question David do you have a good
question for me
hi I was thinking about I remember when
you you were posting your blog posts
this is back in 2016
and I was fascinated like whoa this is
weird like Trump could actually win and
then following that all the way to now
and then learning about persuasion I
feel like people used to find authors
and read books like what we're doing now
finding people like Eric Weinstein I
think is a good example I think you are
a great example and I'm wondering if is
there sort of a it seems like maybe it's
because I listened to you so much but I
look at everything in terms of
persuasion now like what are they trying
to get me to think you know where's the
dog that's not barking it gets kind of
addicting I wonder if how do you stay
sort of fascinated with what you're
doing without becoming bored because I
find the more I've learned from you that
we're boring my friends have become
that's kind of sad because when I speak
to like say my family now and and I have
started to use the like the sort of
reframing technique and I can tell they
don't like it but I think but what I
noticed is like two weeks later they'll
start to say the same things prior and
it's like it's it's like a it's like a
framework virus do you know I just
wondered how do you stay
I guess interested and and do you have
plans to develop this maybe like to go
into cognitive science like this it's a
it's an incredible like technology well
what you you kid on so many points so
let me let me add a few of these myself
number one there's something very big
and important happening
and I know a number of people would
probably confirm this so probably
probably people would agree with me
would be you know Jordan Peterson and
Eric Weinstein probably Joe Rogan you
know Mike Stern efetch and and and
here's the thing people privately tell
me all the time all the time that they
treat me as as sort of a mentor like a
the person who teaches them how to
navigate life and it's all the stuff
that the school system and your own
parents didn't know yet they couldn't
teach it to you because they didn't know
but you know if you listen to I always
like certain pitches by like universal
reference because he he fits so many
examples but if you listen to him you're
gonna get smarter there's no way around
it you know and you know you listen to
Eric whine so you're just gonna get
smarter and I could name a bunch of
others right so it feels like and then
and then there are people who are
teaching through the people that are
bringing in the other day of Rubens for
example Joe Rogan's in that category so
there they are accidental teachers and
accidental mentors for a generation that
got that I think feels like they were
shorted in life strategy and I don't
know if it's because the strategy got
more complicated than it used to be
maybe it was obvious 200 years ago it's
like hey you're gonna grow up in there
at the farm so you don't need too much
strategy but now you really need to
navigate a complicated situation it's
better to have systems and goals it's
better to have a talent stack than one
narrow thing so you have to you have to
take a sort of a statistical more
rational approach to this complicated
environment so the first thing is
there's something big happening in which
me well which I and a number of other
people are seeming to recognize as
teachers who did not intend to be in
this position we just sort of became
that way people told us what we were and
then we became it I've often said that
the you don't tell your customers what
you're selling they tell you I mean you
might you might try it first and say
selling this widget but then the
customers say hey no no I really like
the service that you have and I like
your cafeteria you're more of a
restaurant then next thing you know
you're a restaurant when when Dilbert
first came out it was a generic cartoon
but my customer said no it's a workplace
cartoon and I'd say no it's not he's
hardly ever in the workplace and all my
customers would say no it's a workplace
cartoon so I turned it into a workplace
cartoon were the customers right yeah
yeah they were right I mean it was made
the whole difference is just listening
to the customer and then responding
there's a second part to this which is
what was the other part of the question
I was sort of wondering where do you
where do you think it's heading like we
went from books now we're doing oh yeah
yeah we're heading how could this is
well I'll be real quick when you were
talking about like leaving the house I
was like dude you can't die because
you're the most fascinating person I'm
listening to you right now so if you go
I don't know I'm sure people will start
popping up because it's been fun that's
the thing about it it's just really fun
well yeah I'm not gonna die um because I
get to create my own reality and that's
nothing so well you know part of what I
talk about is that if you have different
experience in different domains they
they're not just additive they're almost
multiplicative is that a word you know
if if you know economics and then you
you also know psychology it's not twice
as good it's more like three times as
good and then then you add on top of
that oh you're also a public good public
speaker it's not you know you know it's
not 50% better it's it's four times
better so just learning the the math of
life is important and I feel like I had
a special window into that that I I felt
like almost a responsibility to talk
about because my window was somewhat
accidental because I've just had a such
a broad experience that I've seen things
that other people haven't seen and I
thought well maybe if I tell you what
I've seen you can get there faster
without having to
you know have that job and stuff and I
got to tell you that when I was maybe
six years old I tried to figure out what
was going on with this whole reality
stuff and and really has started that
early and everything that I aimed my
life at was to try to figure out reality
just like figure out what are the rules
or is there some kind of user interface
to reality if I knew where the buttons
were could I push them if I figured out
the strategy would it be like a
superpower is everything just random and
and I I've been a real searcher you know
I went through all the religions what's
there and looked into you es B's or
anything there and I spent a serious
time on all these things I looked at
ghosts and you know every every kind of
you know did the aliens build the
pyramids now not a not a believer and I
don't think any of the ones that I
mentioned but you you become insatiable
interested in picking up stuff and then
you learn stuff like you hear Warren
Buffett talk and he tells you oh here
the you know three or four rules of
investing and you say to yourself wow
that's it I found a little part of the
the user-interface diversify buy and
hold and don't sell it until the reason
you bought it changes you know and make
sure you have good management just a few
little rules and then that that little
part of the user interface of life got
filled in and now I know that right
right I have a degree also but it helped
that Warren Buffett said is so clearly
so you start putting together these
pieces when I took hypnosis suddenly I
understood how people worked and there
were people were completely confusing to
me because I thought they were rational
and they they just kept not being
irrational and I kept trying to make
them rational and I thought I was
rational and they weren't wouldn't and
and I could make the rational with my
was my great arguments and it never
worked until until I realized that it's
not even a thing you know first of all I
have no reason to believe I'm rational
not all the time and I certainly am not
going to
other people because there's no
rationality to work with you know
they're just people who rationalize
after the fact so now you've got like
this little finance piece you're like
okay I think I know all the buttons
because there actually aren't that many
buttons for the whole investing world
that are important there are lots of
buttons but they're mostly unimportant
then you say well what about management
what about economics you know do you
really follow the money and it is the
money really determining everything and
in is it because of money and and the
the time value of money and knowing
about some cost so when I took economics
I learned economics to understand
reality that's why I took it like
explicitly in my head now I thought I
could you know give me a number of
opportunities and that was good but the
main reason was I wanted to understand
how the economy works and then I learned
enough you know I'm no expert on it but
enough of that so that that part of the
the user interface to reality got filled
in so you know I'm at a certain age now
where little by little I filled in the
real estate on my screen you know just
to use that analogy yeah I figured I got
the buttons and put them in and you know
part of it is building the talent stack
part of it is you know seeing seeing the
field part of his just being a certain
age and when it all started coming
together there was some period or so at
some point I realized that because it's
such a little increment every day you
don't realize that you get smarter every
day right until you look back at you
know 30 years ago yourself you say whoa
I picked up a few I picked up a few
tricks yeah I saw some things and it's
never been more obvious than I would say
this week because the amount of you know
BS BS and hoaxes that we've seen around
coronavirus and in politics lately and I
think you know you've probably watched
me
just pick out the hoaxes just right out
of the pile I mean you've seen me look
into the fog and say okay that one Boop
let's pick this one
that one's probably not real yeah I'm
not right every time yeah but my my
pattern recognition engine just says a
lot of a lot of miles on it so I can
just see it I don't I don't have to
research it you just see it so that's
not real poop like the the Cuban embassy
with the secret sonic sonic yeah now I
don't have to I don't have to do
research I just have to be me and have
lived in the world enough that when I
hear the story about the secret sonic
weapon I don't need to ask any more
questions now for those of you who are
younger like if you know say you're
thirty and you're listening to this
you're probably saying to yourself hey
old man that's not a thing you can't
just look at it and know you know cuz
yeah I'm pretty smart I'm thirty I got
good grades I'm looking at it I didn't
know there's no way old man
you know you you don't learn that well
you do you really do the the extra
vision you get with every few years of
your life like every five years you just
go up a level and it's like it's like
x-ray vision you know I've talked about
seeing round corners like sort of itch
is another one who has x-ray vision he
could actually see around the corner
like he's not just straight lining the
future he's like going down around the
corner and dad and all down in an
alleyway
he goes okay down there take a right
down the corner behind the dumpster
you're gonna find a surprise it's yellow
and you go down there and there's like
this yellow thing you're like how the
hell did you do that well he just sees
more of the field that's all so thank
you for your question that was a fun one
yeah thanks so much all right take care
all right I have come to the end of my
time I don't want to take much more of
your time and I will see you in the
morning