[Music]
everybody come on in it's time for the
simultaneous swaddle that's right
swaddle yourself in a soft blanket and
you'll feel better it's a tense scary
world out there sometimes but we'll get
through and we'll get through in style
because that's that we do it well the
news is coming so fast and so furiously
I feel as if I can fill up two full
one-hour periscopes every day because
half a day goes by and there's so much
new stuff there's just mind-boggling I
will remind you that there is one
statistic that will tell you everything
that needs to be known and that is the
the death rate in the next next few days
the death rate of people were under 60
and otherwise healthy now of course you
always have mysterious deaths
you know people drop dead from all kinds
of things and they could be young and
you don't know why so it's not always
going to be because the virus killed
them sometimes we just won't know but
here's what to look for look for the
number of deaths to start capping out
even as the number of infections Rises
steeply and if that happens that means
that there that they have some medical
treatments that are working so look for
that almost nothing else matters because
the number of infections won't matter
that much if the number of deaths go
down and that would tell you we're going
back to work now you saw that you saw
that President Trump picked Easter for
his projected sort of you know
preliminary estimated date to at least
get some people back to work
now what are people saying about that
well they're debating it some people are
saying well maybe you should be longer
so people are saying well you know maybe
it's too long but do you notice how much
more comfortable everybody is well they
might not admit it but having an actual
date even if it changes even if it's
just a stupid guess and nobody knows it
doesn't it make you feel better so I was
telling you that earlier today that the
reason that you want a certain date no
matter how much of a guess it is is that
people are happy when you give them
guesses this is something I learned when
I was doing a financial analysis back in
my corporate days and the manager would
come in some high-level manager I was a
low-level person at the time and they'd
say you know what's the estimate for the
q1 capital expenditure or whatever and
I'd say no idea we don't have any data
yet haven't even started collecting it
it would just be a guess and then the
manager says yeah but what do you think
and I'd say well it doesn't really
matter what I think because I have no
data upon which to go on don't even have
a an estimate from prior years don't
have anything to go on wouldn't know and
then the manager says yeah but I kind of
need a number so you say 25 million and
the manager says thank you he walks out
and he's happy I don't know why because
I'm in that situation you shouldn't
leave happy because you didn't get any
information I just made up an upper but
he was still leave happy and I could
replay this scene over and over and over
again one of the most dependable
psychological phenomena is that if you
give somebody a number they're happier
even if they know it's not accurate
we're just built that way so the
President did just that he gave us a
number and I think it was brilliant
obviously you know I don't think he'll
get credit for how smart that is because
he could have said it depends he could
said without she said so foul she is up
there acting like a good doctor /
scientist but he doesn't have the
leadership gene if you know what I mean
meaning that when he talks you say okay
that sounds credible and you sound like
you know what you're doing and I think
you have our interests in mind and you
know a lot of good stuff but he's not a
leader this and it's not his job I mean
he's a I'm sure he's a leader among you
know on his on task but he's not sort of
a leader in the way you know a president
is or a general or something like that
so foul she was trying to give us there
well it depends you know her highly
variable he could happen blah blah and
Trump just said we're gonna try to make
it Easter might not make it but we're
gonna try to make it Easter and then I
think I think Trump let us look behind
the curtain a little too much not that
we wouldn't to figure this out but that
it's a little bit obvious that they had
an approximate you know zoned and the
president at some point maybe somebody
suggested at first but at some point the
president realized that Easter was in
that general area and then it was just
over you know what were the odds that
this president would not have picked
Easter as long as it was somewhere in
the range of you know a reasonable guess
no he was gonna pick Easter
it's Easter all day long and you have to
admit it's it's free money it's just
free money again because he ties his
brand to Jesus and he's not saying it
you know Trump is not saying he's
certainly not saying anything like this
he's not saying you know compare me to
Jesus because I'm gonna resurrect the
economy of the the world on Eastern now
the beauty is he doesn't have to say it
because it's just sort of there and you
can't not see it and it's hilarious at
the same time it's effective because you
don't want it to work right if you say
to yourself I get it I see what he's
doing
yeah he's trying to make me think of
Jesus at the same time I'm thinking of
him because they're both over it you
know something got resurrected in both
cases and you're gonna say I I resist
that Association it doesn't matter
doesn't matter a bit because the
Association does the Association once
you see it you can't unsee it then just
it becomes part of your code it's so
freaking funny and of course the
president is making sure we know it's
Easter yeah and that it's a beautiful
timeline as he calls a beautiful
timeline and it is beautiful unless
you're trying to run against him for
president in which case it's devastating
it's just devastating because it's just
so perfectly chosen so was it dr. Burks
if I say I was hanging her name
correctly she also emphasized a point I
made this morning which is that the
another hard core rule of management and
and management is important because
we're trying to manage this virus have
managed the country and managed the
economy so so knowing how to manage
stuff it's pretty important and dr.
Burks demonstrated that she has a deeper
talent stack then maybe you guessed I
don't know what her background is but
when you hear somebody she's a medical
doctor right but when you scientist
doctor which it was she's but here's the
part that was impressive so when she was
explaining the deadline she said a
management truism that people respond to
deadlines it's a way of focusing things
people will meet a deadline even if it's
a random deadline we're just built that
way you give us a deadline and we're
gonna work twice as hard and get that
done and she pointed out that that was
just you know sort of a
a reasonably smart thing to do because
people work to deadlines now that's not
the sort of thing you hear doctors say
normally which without checking maybe
somebody can check while I'm on here I
have a suspicion that she has a deeper
background than medical science because
that's very manager ish you know it's
something you just wouldn't hear from a
medical person so much so picking the
date is brilliant because it focuses us
it makes us feel comfortable even if
it's wrong and it will focus attention
and I think I couldn't have been done
better I was like I don't think the
president could have handled this part
better you know coming up with that
timeline all right poor Joe Biden I
think most of you have seen the the
videos now where he's trying to do his
little luck his little video studio
thing and it's just very sad because he
seems confused and at one point he said
a sentence that didn't make any sense
and you know he's obviously just
struggling out there so for whatever
reason you know maybe there's some
production problems we don't know about
maybe there's something going on but
he's fairly hard I just saw something
that said he he cancelled his press
conference for Tuesday but that doesn't
make sense maybe it meant Thursday
because it was a current tweet I don't
know why he would cancel yesterday's
press conference so here's the thing
it's pretty obvious at this point isn't
it that everybody knows meaning that the
Democrats even the ones who support Joe
Biden even the ones who love him they
can see it now right I don't think I'm
going too far out on the limb you know I
you always talked about the two movies
you know you can only see your own movie
but I don't think that's the case here I
don't think so
it looks like they're seeing the same
movie and just sort of it might be a
little wishful thinking that is not as
bad as we think or or maybe he's just
having a bad day so I think the
Democrats are are pretty steeped in
wishful thinking because I know they see
it I think they're just wishy he goes
away or fixes himself or something so I
don't know what they're gonna do about
that honestly but you know Trump's
approval rating for just I guess the
coronavirus stuff was as 60% Trump is as
60% and we're not anywhere near the end
of it what happens if it's November and
we reopened the economy wisely maybe
there were some missteps because of
course there will be it's a big
complicated thing full of guesses
they're gonna be missteps let's say we
get you know we write the ship every
time we get off and it's November and
we're not back to where we were but
we're having that way hard and people
are gonna say you know President Trump
it looks like you you got us through it
but more importantly we also got to
watch Biden not be able to do you know
any kind of live streaming video thing
and it was kind of pathetic so I think
you took what a week to put up his
studio let me let me give you an example
of someone who's not a thousand years
old solving the problem that Joe Biden
took a week and his team took a week to
solve I will do it in the character of
AOC so I will be AOC and I just realized
that I'm gonna be you know can't leave
the house and I have to talk to the
public how will I solve that oh that's
right it's in my hand
beeping pew pew hey everybody I'm AOC
would you like to watch it we'll eat
some popcorn well I talked about your
health care 65 million views
now you watched Joe Biden you couldn't
even get that that much together now I'm
exaggerating there's a little bit more
to what he's trying to do in his studio
but not much and he didn't have to wait
I mean he could have just held up his
phone and started talking it works for
everybody else don't worry that's not
coronavirus so as we watched Joe
decomposing and looking helpless I would
say helpless would be the word I would
use for what we've seen so far he seems
kind of helpless wouldn't you say while
you're watching the president doing
these you know tour de force press
conferences every single Dave you know
working on this problem moving heaven
and earth
you know the whole the whole world is
coordinating and and we're gonna compare
that in our minds to that weak little
helpless Joe Biden and I came up with a
kill shot for Joe Biden and it's not
even fair because you know the wind
would be a kill shot at this point but I
think this would be the tagline I would
give him if I were running against him
for President Joe Biden he's not good at
things right didn't that feel right Joe
Biden he's not good at things because we
watched him to try to do this you know
the home studio thing and he's clearly
just not good at things
there's nothing we've seen him do that
you would say he's good at I mean he
kind of sort of held his own in a debate
but nobody would say he was good at it
right they just he didn't fall apart
that was the standard he had for the
debates name something he's good at he's
actually not good at things and when the
first time you hear it you probably
laughed some of you probably laughed cuz
Joe Biden
he's not good at things it's kind of
sticky isn't it
so at this point you know things will
change between now and Election Day but
if they didn't
Trump would women 50 states I mean at
the at this moment you know and they
can't be you can't you can't straight
line your projection because so much
will change between now and Election Day
but if you could he'd wouldn't you know
like forty eight fifty states something
like that alright I am still unhappy
with the visibility of our supply chain
for a critical stuff especially the PPE
and the hospital stuff and the
ventilators and stuff and again I don't
know if it's because our government
doesn't have a good handle on it or is
it because they're not good at
explaining it I I showed you the other
day a graphic treatment so we can see
how much is needed you know would be
needed at peak of each piece of
equipment and then you know in which we
have this week and what we expect etc
now again these don't have to be
accurate numbers they just have to be
the government's best understanding so
that we're at least at least as
up-to-date as the government because if
you feel like the government knows stuff
and you don't you're wondering what's
what's the point of those two hour or
press conferences you know the press
conference starts and I have one
question usually tell us about the
supply line okay that's a data you know
you gave me some data we got you know X
number of mass coming compared to what
by when how many more do we need how
many more in the pipeline are they all
good is there anything wrong with the
pipeline so all of the pipeline
questions for each of the items from
masks and gloves to gowns to ventilators
I get raw numbers but they don't make me
feel good because I don't know you know
so New York City got 4,000 ventilators
now to my mind I say well that sounds
pretty good right I mean from the four
thousand that seems pretty good but how
many do you think they'll need and
because all those ventilators went to
the hospital for the rest of the country
so I would say the task force is doing a
just a flat failing job on communicating
clearly in a way that the public
understands the supply chain now it's
possible that they don't want to
communicate clearly you know you always
have to hold out the possibility that
the government maybe don't want you to
know too many of the details because
maybe it's not working as well as we
want you know maybe there's some reason
we shouldn't know but I don't think
there's a reason and we could probably
help if there's some part of that supply
chain that needs a little push so that's
that's the biggest need I think for the
task force is to improve that specific
communication about the supply chain for
the PPE interestingly when Trump was
asked about Congress dick adorned taken
around on the bill and not getting it
done
wouldn't you have expected Trump to just
unload on Pelosi and Schumer no I think
he did before but today he didn't do you
notice that it was it was kind of
conspicuous that it seemed like he had
decided that being bipartisan at least
today he decided that being bipartisan
was the stronger play completely right I
believe I think he can rely on other
members of Congress and social media to
put a lot of pressure on the people who
are not getting it done
by the way did you see did you see Mark
Cuban's
tweet i retweeted it and he basically
just screamed and caps you know do your
do your effing jobs you know he tweeted
something showing that Congress wasn't
getting it done and you know I I boosted
that signal as well because this is not
bipartisan I mean I mean sorry it's not
even it's not even just a partisan
problem it's just rank incompetence and
not caring about the public this is a
whole different level of you know you
get you got to fire people if if they
keep acting that way
so there was some indication you know by
the end of the day the markets liked it
some indication that maybe something
good will happen we shall see so you
know the stock work you had a good day
if anybody if anybody wasn't already in
the stock market I'll bet you wish you
were today all right what else we got
going on I always wondered if you could
have a social distancing app that would
send somebody by Wi-Fi their distance
and just beep when you're too close to
somebody don't wonder if that could ever
be a thing all right we look at your
questions because I asked questions
Erica says I've been at periscope
wedding well you know I guess we'll have
to see how things how things go it's not
my first choice there's this a fun idea
but it is sort of a private thing so
probably won't be live-streaming that
david says how's your friend who's
recovering from the Cova 19 virus the
answer is a 100% as of today just
several days after being treated with
the the good stuff he's 100% and the use
of the pretty bad shape before that it
wasn't hospitalized but he was you know
he was sort of getting close to that
borderline where maybe hospitalization
would be in the conversation but didn't
get there who has the most power in the
USA citizens the media or the government
as a whole interesting and I think it
depends it depends you know the
government has the power when the people
don't care so anything that the people
don't especially care about you know the
details of government the government has
all the power because we're don't care
but if the citizens care then they are
stronger than the media and they're
stronger than the government but most of
the days the the media is probably
wagging the reguar
Menten and wagging the citizens too but
in a let's say a situation like this
this is a perfect example when the the
democrats threw all that pork in the
bill and the republicans said nope I
think it's the public that made that
change
no you I feel the public had the power
and just twist into the arms of the
government and said yeah this isn't this
isn't normal sausage making this is an
emergency
not this time and do you think airlines
shutting down domestic flights will be
good for fighting the outbreak I don't
know why it wouldn't be I mean I
wouldn't put a percentage on it but yeah
of course anything that reduces travel
should reduce the spread what we would
know about other treatments I don't
don't know too much about those should
we be doing a national scale plan for
temperature checks on public
transportation you know I would I would
defer to the experts of that because I
heard I thought I heard foul Qi say that
it's sort of a weak process meaning that
there are so many people were not
symptomatic and they wouldn't
necessarily even have a fever that
you're hardly ever gonna catch anybody
who has it who didn't know about it you
know it's sort of like if you have a
fever you're probably not going out
because you know what the score is at
this point and if you don't have the
fever it's not going to catch it so
there'd just be this weird little range
where your fever just started but maybe
you weren't quite aware of it and yeah
and it was because of the you know kovat
so you're not catching much but I
thought I'd have to listen to the
experts to see if it's even worth while
and all you know I I firmly believe that
at least some of the steps the
government does are for the psychology
and the comfort of the people you know I
can't believe that spraying the streets
in Wuhan made a difference because the
the germ doesn't live too well outside
in the first place
relative to other places did you see Joe
Biden sneezing into his hand on obvious
how this video press conference and Jake
Tapper busted him on it he's like you
know you should have you you tell us to
you know Stephen tear your elbow but you
just Stephens your hand and and Joe did
not have an answer that it was so sad
let's see feeling so down and keep
crying today
oh so Cindy says that you need this well
I hope you hear Cindy are you swaddling
get you a warm blanket looks like in
your profile picture you've got a guy
there get your guy get a blanket do some
serious spooning I'm here to tell you
that we got this I believe this week
will be the weirdest week because we'll
have horrendous news about new people
who are having health problems of one
sort or another or even dying we can
hear a lot of it this week and you're
gonna hear horror stories about the the
economy etc but we do have a plan now
subject to change but the the Easter
date is a gigantic thing and I think the
stock market is responding quite
rationally in this case the stock market
is not always rational but today was
very rational I think you're gonna have
good news about treatments and I think
you're gonna have good news about tests
availability and I think you're gonna
have good news about some people getting
back to work so Cindy relax we got this
there's actually nothing that can go
terribly wrong at this point so let me
let me round that up by saying I don't
think the risk of the entire
me falling apart is even a little bit
high if I'm being honest you know I got
a degree in economics and I've been
around for a while and I've been through
a lot of cycles of we're all doomed only
to find out nothing of the sort right so
if you've been at it through enough
cycles and Cindy you look young happens
but you gotta bend through enough these
this is very familiar territory for a
lot of us different situations but the
same feeling of general alarm but this
one is the least alarming of them all
you know after 9/11 I have to admit it
was scary because you didn't know if it
was gonna happen again and where and and
all that but this one has more of a
defined beginning and end and and there
isn't any chance that the whole economy
is going to fall apart into depression
before we get back to work I don't think
there's any chance because we're really
clever all the assets are there we just
have to reinvent them when the time has
come we'll find clever ways to do things
outdoors and with the windows open and
with masks and we're going to be good is
it's capitalism dead well you know we're
definitely gonna be trying some
socialism so that will be interesting
and how it changes the way people think
about it yeah there's a locust plague in
Africa right now and somebody is saying
that you know a reasonably small effort
would would be a big deal I'm sure
that's true but I just don't know
anything is gonna get any oxygen except
this for now unfortunately since
mortgage payments are being suspended
shouldn't rent payments be I don't know
the details of that or mortgage payments
being suspended and but I would agree
with you they should be
what can we simultaneous sip with you
now you can simultaneously swaddle
there's no sipping today
will the u.s. end up penalizing American
companies for continuing to do business
in China or reward those who lose their
business back well I guess it depends
what you mean by penalize there's gonna
be a lot of pressure the government can
put a lot of pressure on you a lot of
different ways I wouldn't be surprised I
wouldn't be surprised if there has to be
some kind of maybe tax pressure or or
something to make it harder to do
business you know size than the United
States could happen top tips for staying
positive and what skills to build when
quarantined number one oh I doubt it's
Donovan hey Donovan in South Korea yeah
so tips for staying positive well you
know I say I've said them often and
they're worth repeating and by the way
are you noticing that a lot of your
actual professionals and people who know
what they're talking about or are saying
what I've been saying from the start
which is take a nice long walk and don't
exhaust yourself because it's good for
your good for your mental health but
also good for your immune system so you
don't want to exercise too much but you
want to get your good walk in every day
get it get some air make you feel good
so that's number one
I've tried it both ways I've tried to
take in a walk and not take and walk big
difference in my mental and physical
state the walk really really helps the
other thing you need to do is make sure
you get enough sleep turn off the TV
don't check your social media for at
least periods of the day it doesn't have
to be all day things are happening
quickly so I think it's it's good to be
tuned in I don't like to go to much more
than an hour without checking the news
at the moment but here's here's my best
advice if you're watching this periscope
it's probably because you've been
watching me for a while most most of you
are not doing it been around a while and
you know that I'm pretty good at
predicting things and you've watched it
with this I was literally I think I was
the first person to say close the
flights I think Jack pasaba quiz you
know talking about closing the border
even before I did but I was very very
early on that I was also early calling
that Donald Trump would become president
and you know I was early saying that he
would probably beat and have something
productive happened with North Korea
it's a long ways away still but I would
think you'd agree there's something good
sir I thought the president would be
good at negotiating trade deals and I
told you that the trade war with China
would end up okay so if you were to look
at my entire body of predictions you
should have some comfort that if I tell
you things are looking like they're
turning around pretty quickly and that
our economy will be back fully at some
point but I would say the odds of
something like a depression zero just
zero just none at all because we don't
have any of the elements that would make
that a case people will be back to work
you know in a month and a month you can
you can put up with anything for a month
so you should trust me that it looks
like we're in good shape I will also
tell you that I might know more than you
do and I'm not going to say more about
that I'm just gonna say if you've ever
believed me
about anything believe this things are
gonna be pretty good now it's gonna be a
tough week it's not all roses there will
be death there will be there will be
pain there will be lots of economic
disruption and some of that will affect
all of us some more than others that's
all going to happen but there is a time
certain when things turned the other way
we're getting ready to go on offense and
you can't judge the war before one team
started to fight
I mean we're purely in a strategic
retreat and divide and conquer all very
smart things but while we're doing this
we're building weapons test kits
processes procedures we're getting
smarter we're making we're building new
supply lines for for protective gear
we're testing meds faster than we've
ever touched tested them before we're
putting vaccines together we're getting
data we'll probably I imagine at some
point will have serum serum therapy
where you can get the blood of somebody
who's or the serum from the blood of
somebody who's recovered this is all
going to happen really quickly and then
we're gonna be on offense so you're all
gonna be fine all right
does yang have a place on trumps task
force well you know I would say yes as a
consultant you know it's hard to form
teams of people that you don't you're
not comfortable with they're on the
other team or something but certainly as
you know a smart reliable person I
wouldn't want his opinion to be part of
anything of this nature yes how best to
encourage an elderly relative who lives
alone in another town well contact but
video contact the the main thing I think
your elderly relative needs is lots of
contact especially if they can't leave
the house so you know if they do stay in
there pretty darn safe as long as they
stay away from people question can high
quality hypoallergenic vacuum bags be
repurposed as masks in an emergency
wouldn't they be better than a cotton
bandana I do not know but among the
questions I would ask is is there any
kind of fiber on there that's gonna jump
off into your lungs I don't know that
would be the first thing I'd ask but I
have no idea I don't imagine that a
vacuum bag would be engineered to those
specs
Oh somebody else says there's an Oxford
study that implies yes if you double up
with an outer wrap such as a scarf okay
somebody's asking about Justin Amash but
I don't know why his proposals on why
not continue the quarantine for the
elderly and sick only I think that's
what's going to happen what do you like
on your hot dog I don't eat hot dogs why
is the left so heartless to business
that sounds like a joke first industry
to decouple should be Pharma of course
where's your rocking where's your
rocking chair all of you people watching
and only one of you got the joke so
Steve LL congratulations you the only
one who got the joke why would the
governor of new Nevada ban the malaria
drugs I don't know anything about that
he banned them yeah I don't know what
that's about
does it seem that people care more about
re-election than the best solution of
the country yes some of them tips on
lowering the stress or anxiety of family
and friends during this time well the
main tip for lowering somebody else's
anxiety is the one I'm modeling right
now if you can't get yourself calm
you're not going to calm anybody else
down so so job number one this is the
Caesar the The Dog Whisperer method yeah
the way you train your dog is to train
yourself because your dog is influenced
by your your attitude when I'm angry but
every once a while I'll get you know mad
or something in the office you know some
trivial thing on power and my dog will
actually leave the house
my dog Snickers actually won't be in the
house with me when I'm in a bad mood
she'll actually leave the house and it's
not like I beat my dog or anything she
just can't be around a negative attitude
she just won't have it so she just
leaves the house getting this in the
backyard for a while she's got her own
little door there so if you want to get
your your relatives to calm down it
starts with you and you're gonna have to
come with a real calm attitude and
you're gonna have to show some knowledge
because if you don't know more than they
do
you're not gonna be able to calm them
down so you got to be smarter and more
well informed you got to be relaxed keep
them informed and remind them that the
main things I would remind people is
that the economy is not broken it's
really not it literally just took some
time off all the assets are still there
we'll just repopulate them as soon as we
can so that the economy is going to be
fine
relative to you know depression there
there'll be some kind of mild recession
there won't last that long and that in
terms of health as long as they're
staying away from social contact they
should be fine but I've said before that
watch the death rate in the next two
days and the reason I say that is I
think that hydroxychloroquine and as if
from eyesand
and zinc combo is being tested but
probably people are already using it so
if you look at New York City and you see
the death rate just just start
plummeting it means they're starting to
use the drug and it's working if it
doesn't if the death rate in New York
doesn't start going down pretty quickly
you no matter what the rate of infection
is well then I'd be worried but until
that happens I'm not worried all right
Nevada signed a measure to protect the
malaria drug from hoarding that makes
more sense it makes more sense that they
were protecting a scarce and resource
my sister is raging at my uncle and
cousin for violating quarantine rules
who do we persuade well I don't know if
anybody can persuade elderly people you
know you reached a certain age and just
nobody can persuade you of anything so
if they're not afraid what are you gonna
do because fear is the only thing that
would make people stop it and people
have different reactions to scary things
so if they're just not afraid what's
gonna stop them now the way I would go
is to say you know you were you're not a
patriot so you probably want to find out
what you are relatives hot-button is
because everybody's different so let's
say you knew your relatives were very
patriotic that's that's the pet that's
the path I take I'd say you know I know
you don't think you're gonna get it and
I know you don't even care if you die
but you are just not being a patriot
because the whole point is you don't
want to get out there and get it and
give it to somebody else you know do you
know how many people you could kill
personally do the math if if you know
mom dad if you get it you're probably
going to give it to some family members
and let's say they're fine in most cases
they'll just recover it'll be fine
but statistically speaking because it's
spreading so fast you're gonna give it
to two and a half people and each of
them is gonna give it to two and a half
people and each of them chances are any
one person who violates the quarantine
and and actually gets infected just that
one person could kill dozens right
unless you know the the wild card is if
we get some meds they can really stop it
in his tracks but at this point one
person violating a curfew is taking an
expected value chance of killing people
more than one person because the number
of people who could be affected just by
one infection so
so depending on the person you either
want to go for patriotism you want to go
for fear but it sounds like they don't
have here but maybe you can give them
more information until they did oh here
it is
do you want to scare it and scare people
into staying home find an article from
nurses who are dealing with people as
they die from this I'm not going to give
you details but let just let me say that
of all the ways you could die I don't
know I've heard of a worse one except
maybe being on fire right of all the
ways you could die being on fire would
be pretty bad but dying from this is
pretty bad too so if you want to scare
somebody just guess I'm not even going
to give you the details but it's that
the last hours are pretty darn ugly so
stay away from them stay away from
people all right what does your
economics degree you say about unlimited
quantitative easing it says there's
nothing unlimited so everything is
limited did I talk about Nevada yeah I
just don't know too much about that
except they're probably protecting it
from hoarding all right so you could
have 56,000 people and affected through
one infection well it's more than that
because every person on earth who's
infected came from one person so think
about that everybody on earth who's
infected started with one person so if
you're asking yourself how many people
could you personally kill if you get it
and spread it I don't know how many
people have died so far what's the total
worldwide death count tens of thousands
so you could actually be responsible for
killing tens of thousands of people
that's not even a joke that that's just
math
[Music]
yeah I'm looking at your comments pretty
pretty ugly stuff will you ever leave
your house again well let me tell you a
little story so just before I got on
periscope I decided to check my mailbox
so I walked down the hill to my mailbox
and it had been raining all day now this
is important to the story that had been
raining all day so as I'm walking around
to the mailbox I see under a bush a
package a cardboard box that apparently
my shipping company whoever whoever
delivered it instead of taking it to my
door which would be standard they threw
it under a bush in my log it's a
cardboard box that has been sitting in
the rain all day but I thought to myself
well you know it's probably some canned
goods in there or something of a plastic
you know it's not like it's not like
whatever is in there it's going to be
necessarily hurt because there's always
a package with it and with it the box
right but as I approach it I can see
that the construction of the box has
really taken a hit from the rain and
starting to break down and I look
through a corner of it and it's paper
goods and I thought I think it's toilet
paper because I think Christine that you
know just before you couldn't get
anything she got in an order and it was
like you know two weeks to deliver it
this was it and I guess I could see it
through the corner I'm like so time
Stood Still as I ran to the bush I tried
to scoop up the melting wet box that had
paper towels in it as it turns out not
not toilet tissues but they weren't
wrapped in anything they were just in
the cardboard box and I pick it up and
I'm trying to hold the box together as
it's it's melting in my hands it's
almost liquid and I if I drop any of
these precious rolls of paper towels I
don't know if I'll ever see another
paper towel and if it hits the ground
it's going to be rolling
because it's I'm trying and I'm running
up my driveway trying to trying to plug
the holes as its falling apart in the
and the integrity of the box is falling
it up like and I I go running into my
garage into the dry garage floor and the
whole box just disintegrated actually it
actually fell apart in just component
parts and just fell to the ground and
and the and the the towels inside you
know fell on the ground mostly dry a
little bit wet a little bit on the
corners but mostly dry and so I saved my
beloved paper towels but there's a
punchline to it I told you that
christina ordered them when almost
everything was already sold out so I got
my paper towels but I don't know what
country these were created him because
my normal paper towel has some kind of a
soft paper II feel to it whoever made
these paper towels did not spend much
time converting it from tree to paper
towel roll it was still pretty close to
a tree I don't know if I could even
unwrap the the sheets they're like
little plywood wrapped around a core so
it's not your highest quality paper
goods is what I'm saying anyway I talked
to somebody in Southern California who
went to a Costco down there and they had
paper towels and they had you know water
I think they had toilet paper but you
were limited by quantity so as soon as
the big stores learned to limit by
quantity you know to per customer or
whatever that should be the end of the
the shortage so I think that's gonna
come to the end and maybe one week it's
my best guess all right that's all for
now and I will see you in the morning
bye for now