pom pom pom pom pom pom pom pom pop
that's right the little pomp and
circumstance is because the situation
calls for tea you have stumbled upon or
possibly plotted to join coffee with
Scott Adams I'm Scott Adams and all you
need is a cup or glass or stein there's
some kind of a container a thermos flask
a tankard if you will fill it with your
favorite liquid I like coffee join me
now for the silence I guess I can't even
talk yet simultaneous sip oh yeah that's
good seven well let's talk about all the
news seems like way back in 2016
people were saying the president was
crazy it was a crazy guy he was
literally mentally incompetent he was a
Russian puppet he was going to destroy
the economy we're gonna have a meltdown
of the economy and a nuclear war but the
dumbest thing Hugh saying is that the
Obama administration had spied on this
administration spied I say well turns
out they Spyder turns out there's no
nuclear war and it turns out the economy
is doing great and Isis is largely
defeated on the battleground at least
things are going well and I I like to
every now and then I like to call out
new low points for the other side the
anti-trump errs they're sort of rubbing
end of the a material you know the a
material the you're gonna ruin the
economy start a nuclear war he's crazy
Russian puppet that's the a material
here's here's what they're left with you
can judge whether this is B material CD
put your own judgement on it
this is a quote from Comey about Trump
he eats your soul in small bites he eats
your soul
in small bites is that a material that's
not a material I don't think it is do
you know who else eats your soul in
small bites your boss yeah your boss
maybe not intentionally but your bosses
eating your soul and small bites
probably do you know anybody who once
made a world-famous comic strip based
primarily upon the theme that your boss
eats your soul in small bites that's
right
we went from Trump is gonna blow up the
world destroyed the economy put
everybody in concentration camps
probably too well he sort of reminds me
of dilbert's boss he seems to be eating
our souls in small pieces mmm that's it
we're done that's all you got because
you don't have a material anymore yeah I
believe that eating your soul in small
bites probably is not word for word from
a Dilbert comic but it's quite
suggestive of I've certainly done the
number of comics well laughs let me let
me Google one I gotta go too Dilbert
calm yeah I'm gonna Google you look for
a soul all right how many comics do I
have about your soul being eaten Network
quite a few page after page more than I
can even count so at least at least
Comey is upgraded is material to you at
Dilbert comic level so that's good so
another big success today for for the
world and this was going to dovetail
dovetail into my conversation about
social media censorship so we'll get to
that I know that's what you want to talk
about we'll get to that and I tweeted it
this morning so the Wall Street Journal
had they makes
standed opinion piece in which i was
called out and featured in the article
for successfully defeating with help of
lots of people not alone but they called
me out a sort of a leader in the
movement to destroy the fine people that
Charlottesville honks and declared it
successful now I think successful is
probably more than I would claim what I
would clearly claim is that the
competing version of reality the real
one what actually happened
now comes up in search search results
it's likely that somebody's going to
challenge somebody if they say it in
public that wasn't true before and it's
likely that if you researched it
yourself you would you would see the
truth instead of the the fake version so
I ask you this was it valuable to have
me on social media and again it's not me
I'm using myself as a proxy for
everybody who did tremendous work on
this you know there were people who took
big risks and did a lot of stuff Joe
 Steve Cortes carpe Noctem and a
number of people who helped who are
anonymous but they helped on Wikipedia
for example this was an amazing amazing
thing and I I think that most of you
thought this couldn't be done
most of the comments I was getting from
the very beginning were along the lines
of Scott Scott Scott you're just being
Don Quixote you cannot change this and
by the way we're not even sure if you're
right
but it did change it again not me but
the those of us who were fighting this
cause did change it so this gets us to
the people BAM done folks on Facebook
question as you know I have been holding
my fire because of the fog
or on day one when you're hearing people
get banned from the social media
platform your first instinct is dammit
you know freedom of speech they can't do
that but I said to myself either
cleverly or not cleverly you be you'd be
the judge
we're gonna find out more about this and
I don't want to jump in and put my let's
say put my credibility paired with any
people who for their own reasons got
kicked off of social media because you
you run the risk that you become the
person who defended Farrakhan right so
so it's very easy for you to be person
like me it's very easy for them to para
be in the headlines and attach me to
whatever badness any one of them
allegedly did the people who were banned
and so I waited and this is specifically
what I was waiting for I wanted to wait
to see if we learned why they were
banned because I feel like it makes a
difference doesn't it make a difference
why they were banned don't you want to
hear the reasoning and you know here's
here's our rule here's what the person
did and this is what we judged
now you could agree with it or disagree
with it but you certainly have to hear
it right because I would feel
differently if they banned a pedophile
for example there's no suggestion that
well I think I think my love has been
accused of that but you want to find out
what they're banned for because it does
make a difference you know if you think
it doesn't I your commitment to complete
free speech but we don't really live in
that world I also have a real problem
with forcing a private company to change
their business model for the few let me
give you an example
Disney creates content that's
family-friendly so does Disney
discriminate against writers and actors
and directors who would like to make an
engineer movie yes they do
Disney discriminates blatantly and in
public and legally as far as I know
because that's not their product their
product is something that's the whole
family will feel comfortable with so
they distribute it like crazy against
anybody who would do something that's
not along those lines you know even if
somebody was a the best gifted director
of child movies ever but they also
happen to be in the KKK well Disney
would say yeah that doesn't work with
our brand so the the general concept
that a company can decide what their
brand is is very important you can't
take that away from a private company
unless they're discriminating in one of
the ways that we recognize us as
discrimination so now again I'm not
getting to my conclusion yet so wait for
the conclusion I'm just giving you the
the pros and the cons now I know that a
lot of you were hectoring me yesterday
and saying Scott you've got a quote get
in the game let's fight this fight let's
pick up our our pitchforks and torches
and storm the castle all of these social
media giants somebody's saying it's a
bad analogy it's not an analogy it's an
example the it's an example of the
general concept that a company should
have some freedom to define what its
brand is you're either the adult brand
the kid brand the g-rated brand the
r-rated brand those are decisions that
companies should be able to control now
when you're saying it's a bad analogy
I'm not saying it's the same I'm not
saying that a a platform for public
communication which the social medias
are I'm not saying that's the same as
Disney I'm just saying that companies in
general should have some freedom to
define what their what their brand is
so these are all the factors they're not
deciding factors by themselves and so
the next question is is there a slippery
slope in play in other words is there
something about this you know group ban
you know they did a bunch of them at the
same time is there something about it
that suggests it will just keep going
and my first reaction was maybe not you
know maybe there's nothing special about
it but I'll have to listen to the
reasons because if each of these people
had done something that was specific and
recent I'd say oh okay this is not
really a slippery slope what they're
doing is like nobody you know very few
people are going to do whatever that was
but we did not hear that and Paul Joseph
Watson for example I haven't heard
anybody even really suggests why he did
James Woods we'll talk about him in a
second but the level of things we know
about don't quite make sense in terms of
at least the whole group of people who
were who or a band some of them are a
little more obvious than others and so
I'm just trying to you know sorted out
waiting for the information and I've
waited long enough now to give you some
opinions and also a way forward the
first opinion is that this event is
large enough meaning that Facebook
packaged up the people that they were
banning to a large enough and visible
enough thing then it can no longer be
ignored okay so the first big change is
you can't really just go forward
business as usual anymore
it is now no longer just a few people
got banned we wish they hadn't we wish
they had it's not that anymore
he's now transitioned into a national
decision we have to decide what the
future looks like in terms to have the
public relates to these social media
platforms and I would say that the
social media
forms failed they failed as hard as you
can fail to take care of it themselves
because the social media platforms are
so successful they've they have become a
de facto public utility meaning that you
can't really have a business without a
social media presence you can't be a
media you know you can't be a writer or
you can't you can't really succeed in
the normal business of life
without a social media presence so we're
no longer in a situation where it's just
and this is probably where you were
getting ahead of me and saying this is
not like Disney because you can quit
Disney you don't have to watch a Disney
movie it's pretty easy to avoid them if
you want to but you can't really avoid
social media if you want to have a real
life with real humans and business and
make money and all the things that
people like to do so had the social
medias company has done the this minimum
thing I would have said okay they're
there they can handle this on their own
the minimum thing would have been to say
either with a permission to the people
who were kicked off maybe you need that
to say look if the people who were
kicked off give us permission we'll tell
you exactly what rule they violated but
it's otherwise it's a private situation
now let's say James Wood says yes I give
permission then I'd love to see the
argument and we saw one tweet we did see
one tweet that we think was suspicious
suspicious were that's the wrong word it
was the one that got James Wood kicked
off we think but I'm still in the fog of
war so I'm not convinced that's the one
thing that that went into the decision
so I'm not going to claim that as fact
yet it's just something that's floating
around out there and apparently what he
said was hashtag hanging them all in
reference to a tweet about discovering
that the Russian collusion thing was
really a conspiracy by various deep
state people and he said hang them all
now
is that hate speech well it's really
kind of a gray area if I'm gonna be if
I'm gonna be honest it's a little bit
gray now my understanding is that the
quote comes from the movie if you
understood that it came from the movie
you might see it differently it's like
oh he's a movie guy he's making him
movie phrase hanging them all doesn't
mean literally violence it means let the
justice system do what it does so if you
use your critical thinking and
especially if you know who James Woods
is do you know his IQ by the way do do
most of you know James Woods IQ it's
sort of like off the chart right isn't
he's not an average person he's not
average in a lot of ways he's crazy
smart like it's like 160 or something
crazy right 181 somebody said yeah it's
like it's not just genius it's like
whatever is the level above Jesus right
so if you know who James Woods is that
helps you interpret things he says so
you're gonna say okay if a genius said
it
maybe we repurpose this as the the smart
version not the dumb version because the
dumb version of hanging them all would
be oh yeah guess it ropes you know
gather up the Democrats right that would
be the dumb version if you thought James
Woods was dumb you might think that's
what he meant if you happen to know his
IQ is roughly double half of the people
on this periscope if you knew that you
would say okay he's not suggesting Civil
War because that would be dumb maybe
it's some clever a little quote
oh yeah look it up there it is it's just
a movie reference he's just talking
hyperbole he's a fan that the president
who talks in hyperbolic ways he's he's
you similar personality it's a little
hyperbole it means nothing but here's
the ears the gray area so you and I know
who he is we know
you know maybe you're more familiar if
he talks so you don't take it as
anything dangerous but suppose you
didn't know anything about James Woods
except that he was a trump supporter and
I think that would describe most of the
world right most of the world is not
some expert on James Woods they know he
makes movies they know he says stuff
about Trump it's probably all they know
and so if he says something that looks
to them it looks to them like he's
suggesting literal violence against one
side of the political aisle you can
imagine that that looks like a speech so
but this the larger question is this who
gets to decide I would have been
perfectly happy with the social media
companies handling business themselves I
would have no problem with that I I
would say do it yourself but because of
your special role in society where
you're now a public requirement for a or
Mille life to be on social media you do
need to explain it that you need to
explain it in a way that isn't just BS
you know it would not be sufficient in
the case of James Woods for somebody to
just send them an email that says well
here's our rule here's your tweet
because a reasonable person could look
at that and say I don't see it I'm
looking at your rule I'm looking at his
tweet I know he meant it in sort of a
movie hyperbole way you didn't get this
one right so what do you do
whose job is it there's no government
entity right it's not my job sort of up
to Twitter and then Facebook as a
different situation because that the
people that got kicked off at Facebook
they all have their own individual
stories you know
so Infowars doesn't really have
something in common with paul mellon who
doesn't have anything in common with
milo for at least the things you're
saying and the reasons we're getting
kicked off you have to look at them as
all individuals so so you say to
yourself alright what
can be done what can be done about this
situation where there's it it does look
like the companies have a legitimate
business reason to want to show some
let's say to use Jack Dorsey's word to
keep healthy conversations I like
healthy conversations what's not to like
about that
but you imagine there's an easy way to
get there there's one thing I can tell
you for sure if there were an easy way
to solve this the smartest people in the
world would have figured it out by now
right the people managing and working
for social media companies some of the
smartest people in the world that would
have figured this out if it was easy to
figure out and it's it's it's a
deceptive and seductive for us to
imagine we know the easy solution so if
they're not using that easy solution
well they must be up to something bad
here and let me let me give you an
example let's say they just said we
won't ban anybody everybody can do
whatever they want what would happen to
their business model eventually it would
corrode until it was so hard to be on
social media you would see somebody not
see references that you just eventually
would say I just I can't even be around
this stuff it would destroy the room
their model and the world would not be
better off if social media went away
some argue it would but I think we're
past that point so I can't really just
let anybody do whatever they want
they're there they do have to have for
the good of society
somebody says you totally disagree but I
think I know what you're gonna say and
I'll try to I'll try to represent your
argument the one who said I totally
disagree so if you have completely
unfiltered everybody sees everything it
would ruin the experience for the rest
of us it is a private business they have
some right to have a quality product and
I haven't destroyed by Nazis so just
letting anybody do anything you end up
with pedophile
and God knows what so you can't really
do that you have to have some standard
but who gets to decide if you let the
companies decide then you're a victim of
their bias or just as bad assume to bias
because right now the if you take Jack
Dorsey's view there they're going after
behavior only that's you know that's the
corporate line we're going after
behavior only it's not about what you're
saying it's how you behave and I
actually think that that's true
at least in terms of they really are
intending to do that and they're really
putting effort to make sure that what
they're doing is going after behavior I
think that's genuine and the fact that
they want to do that but it's almost
impossible because somebody ultimately
is gonna have to decide did this cross a
line that's not across the line and if
the people deciding are known and even
self-identified as left-leaning it's
never gonna work in the minds of and the
psychology of and even in the reality of
people who don't identify as leading
left they're always going to think
they're being left out so that's not a
that's not a stable situation even if it
let's say hypothetically even if the
social media companies did in fact only
deal with behavior and they really could
somehow achieve this somewhat impossible
standard because we're human beings
making human judgments but even if they
could do it it still wouldn't be a
stable situation because nobody would
believe they're doing it so if you think
it's easy for these social media
companies to solve this you haven't you
haven't thought it down to the next
level no I also said to myself hey why
can't you just put a feature in there
this is something I've said before just
a filter and if somebody wants to see
everything they can turn it on and if
they don't want to see the
first off the things that are more
controversial they could just turn it
off and I said to myself how could that
be hard it couldn't possibly be hard to
have these same people simply flagged as
potentially dangerous and then people
like me can say I'd like to see
potentially dangerous stuff on the side
it's up to me I'll block them
individually if I have a problem but
that wouldn't be fair because there has
to be a default and you couldn't default
it to every you know every church-going
person being exposed to these horrible
things the moment they log on so you
probably default it to blocking out the
worst people unless you change the
option that's not good because the
people like Alex Jones if you assume
this is a free speech thing and I'm not
I'm not defending anything yeah Center
will set but as a free speech thing if
if the day you sign down to Twitter for
the first time the option was turned off
to see Alex Jones how many people would
even know to go click it on not many so
if you had a filter so people could
choose to see the bad stuff or choose
not to it would have to default to not
does that's the safe place and in other
words the user interface would almost
guarantee that 95% of the world never
saw these people which would essentially
ruin their business model so you can't
add a feature or a filter because
there's no way to make it fair you can't
ban everybody and you can't have a rule
where where the company makes decisions
so what's left all of the obvious ways
to deal with this absolutely don't work
in very obvious ways they don't work so
you only have choices of things that
don't work what do you do I have a
suggestion
my suggestion is this create a social
media court that's actually part of the
regular justice system now I don't know
what it would take an act
of Congress executive order cabinet
level stuff I don't know what it looks
like but just imagine if you will
there's actual court with real judges
and they handle situations like this
and so Paul Joseph Watson would say I
got kicked off of this social social
media platform here are their own
internal rules here here's my body of
work including the latest one that got
me triggered am i on or off then you let
this court which we can imagine it be
fairly transparent I think would have to
be transparent you'd want you'd want all
those court cases to be somewhat public
and that people can see what happened
and then if an external court and maybe
it's more than one person so that you've
got you know a nexus of you know left
and right leading people just have them
decide there can't be that many cases
that are this high-level right so
there's that the other the other thing
that I've suggested is color coding
tweets right now if you look at your
Twitter feed they're all the same
background color in this case I've got
the the black turn done but if I were
looking at the tweets I would like some
of them to be a slightly different shade
and those that slightly different shade
would tell me oh these are all the Alex
Jones things or where these are the ones
that people have determined are too edgy
and then once I saw that they're in my
feed and that they're always they're
always highlighted then if I had a
button that I could turn those off it
would be like turned off highlighted
dangerous tweets then I would first see
them but I could very quickly and easily
say okay I see what see where things are
getting filtered I don't want to do that
but again somebody's going to decide
who's in that filter or not and that's
going to make a huge difference
about how much traffic they get it's
going to affect their real life and and
this is a public platform so you
probably still need this external court
so I would say this the the social media
companies have created a situation which
in which they either and they either
need to be fully transparent especially
on these big visibility cases or
regulating it so there's no longer we
don't have the option of ignoring it
anymore
right now times of talking my last point
together with my current one people
wanted me to dive in this you know and
joining the boycotts or whatever we're
doing and you know retweet the things
that got people kicked off the platform
if we all do it blah blah blah but I
really wanted to understand this one
it's so that what I did would make a
difference the last thing you want is
for me to get kicked off of social media
can we agree that I'm more useful if I'm
on platform that if are not would you
agree that that's just a common-sense
statement you you watched me try to do
something useful with the with the fine
people hoax and if I had not been on
social media I could not have helped in
that effort
you watch me trying to persuade people
to understand that the nuclear option is
the only way to solve climate change or
even if there's not a problem with
climate change it's still the only thing
you should be doing or you should put
pushing hard it's not the only thing so
I would say that you can't judge
everybody who's participating in this
question about the bearing the same I am
a special case and my special case is
number one I can talk to anybody so I
can talk to black lives matter I can
talk to anybody we've got kicked off of
social media I can talk to anybody
that's my brand I can talk to anybody
I'm not going to take on their I don't
take on their views if I talk to them I
don't take on I'm not supporting them if
I talk to them
most of you sort of need to stay on the
team I don't need to do that my value is
I can talk to anybody and I can cross I
can cross political boundaries whenever
the science or the common sense says to
do that so you don't want me to get
kicked off of social media if you like
the things I can do with it but I would
say we're beyond the point where this
could be ignored we're at the point
where the president doesn't need to act
the president does need to put pressure
on this for a solution I don't want the
president to describe the solution but I
think he needs to put a bill good big
old foot on this and just and just keep
pushing on it until we have a real
solution let me offer you a suggestion I
would like to see a universal what do
you call it what do you call it when you
give people a get-out-of-jail-free card
a pardon what's the other word for it's
not a pardon it's something like that so
I'd like to see a one-day mass pardon in
which all of the people who have been
blocked on social media except for there
might be a few cases that are just so
bad that you can't let them off but the
people like Alex Jones and Paul Joseph
wants to the center people who have just
done you know ordinary angry things what
if you just said we're gonna start today
we're gonna be more clear about our
rules we're gonna put every one of you
people on there you're all warned in you
know you've got like a yellow flag there
so we're watching you but embassy thank
you amnesty assort so I think social
media and this is something that the
president could could promote you know
you could just say we should have an
amnesty day you know it's a June first
just pick a day and say this should be
social media clemency somebody says
clemency pardon embassy it's one of
those words let's say MC
pardon yeah
he's amnesty anyway it's one of those
things commute the sentence but I
wouldn't I don't think I would have this
amnesty day from social media where
everybody gets to go back on unless you
also paired that with a with a new level
of clarity about what's okay and what is
it
I use periscope and one of the features
that I just told you I use periscope
while you're watching me on periscope
not my best moment but let me finish
this point you've seen on this that it
has a feature where if you say something
that I guess the algorithm or somebody
or something catches it will ask you the
viewers whether something unacceptable
is happening and then you can flag it
and I don't know exactly what happens
but if enough of you flag it then I
think I think my connection gets caught
and my experience has been that that
works but I'm sure it doesn't work every
time so there may be a refinements on
that but I kind of liked having the
public decide what's too far there's
something okay about that and I think
you know how okay that is depends on how
many people have to flag it before it's
bad enough to be blocked if 5% of the
people can flag something and block it I
would say that's worse not better if
more than 50% say something should be
banned then I started thinking well if
over half of the people watching this
think it should be banned you know it's
hard to get over half of the country to
be agree on anything if half of the
people watching this think it should be
banned maybe the right but maybe it mean
needs to be 75% or maybe it needs to be
90% that's something that could be
played with all right I thought the
Facebook including Farrakhan in their
group of people who were being banned
was brilliant PR to the
of Wells evil might be evil but it's
really smart because if Facebook had
banned the group a band except for
Farrakhan then they would be wide open
for hey you're only banning
conservatives so they throw Farrakhan in
there because he's the single name that
has been asked to be banned by the write
more often than anybody I I think I
think more people have asked Facebook
and the social media to pay an Farrakhan
than anybody else who's associated with
the left now the funny thing is that the
Washington Post reported this and they
decided to label Farrakhan as far-right
they're so used to racists you know
labeling Grace's on the far right that
when they saw that you know they saw a
Farrakhan they were like well it must be
from you must be far-right this is not
the case and they corrected that but it
was quite brilliant in not necessarily a
good way but it was brilliant for them
to include Farrakhan in the bunch
because it really does takes a lot of
power and in the argument so I would
like to see the social media people say
we've upgraded our process let me put it
in even simpler terms I'd like to see
any one of the social media platforms
that has this banning problem so it's
mostly twitter facebook instagram I'd
like to see one of them say look we're
gonna try something new this is this our
new revised rules we've made them easier
maybe they simplify them let's just say
this let's just say Twitter takes their
pages and pages of rules and they
simplify it down to a few bullet points
that is pretty easy to understand and at
the same time they say we're gonna give
everybody in the amnesty it doesn't
matter how bad you were maybe maybe a
few are still too bad but you're all
back here's the new rules and if you
violate these you're going to be gone in
a heartbeat
I'd be ok with at least trying that and
if it didn't work well then maybe you
just got to bring in the government you
know maybe
the government just has to put his big
old fat foot on social media and then
that's you don't want that if you could
avoid it so I'm very much in favor of
the process that all tech companies use
which is rapid experimentation so I
would be completely happy if Facebook or
Twitter said we don't know how to fix
this because first of all that would
strike me as honest and I think I think
Jack says that I think Zuckerberg says
that not in so many words that this is
no easy this is not an easy problem if
any of you have an idea you know stop
sitting on it because nobody else has an
idea this is smartest people in the
world working on this right so the only
thing you can kind of do is try a few
things and see how it works out so I
would try first turning those
regulations into some simple bullet
points do an amnesty and say let's try
again let's just try again and if if
alex jones gets kicked off again in you
know five days because the simplified
rules you violated again hypothetically
well at least we'd have more
transparency wouldn't we that'd be a
situation where i could look at those
bullet points I can look at Alex Jones
got kicked off I pathetically and just
say okay does that look right because I
think the social media companies are
legitimately responsive to their
customers and if and if half of the
people looked at this and said uh no I'm
looking at the rules I'm looking at what
he did I'm not seeing it well then maybe
you do need some kind of an external
judge it doesn't have to be the law
Facebook could simply hire external
moderators what do you call those what
do you call the people who are not in
the legal system but they help negotiate
things they're the why can't I think of
words today somebody help me with that
word it's the word where you're don't
use lawyers necessarily but your your
contract says you negotiate it outside
of the contract damn it why can't I
think in that word mediators yeah
mediators exactly so I think they could
they could appoint mediators and say
we'll take ourselves out of the decision
kick it to the mediators the mediators
will look at our simplified rules and
they'll see if once again you violated
them or not I'd be happy with that keeps
the government out of it all right
that's enough on that apparently so
we're seeing of course all the
opposition reporting on Biden now it's
all coming out and apparently he lied at
one point in the past
it's the distant past but he lied and
said he had three college degrees turns
out he has one he said he was in
graduated than the top of his law school
so I guess his leagoo degree would be
the second degree so I guess I'm
confused about the story itself but he
claimed he was in the top half of his
class but he was actually pretty close
to the bottom so now people are gonna
start revealing his lies and of course
he lied about the fine people hoax as a
Wall Street Journal and most of the
major publications have reported now so
I wonder is anybody gonna start the like
ount of Biden versus Trump when how many
lives does Biden have to tell before he
gets a fact check counter for his lies
and it gets interesting because you know
how it's been widely reported that the
president crossed 10,000 lies well there
was an article in Market Watch where
somebody took I think that the most
recent 50 alleged lies that the
president told and looked at the fact
jack to see as the fact jack was
accurate guess how much of the fact jack
was inaccurate about 25 percent so about
25 percent of the things that are
documented as lies by the president at
least in the recent batches of them 25
percent of them if you dig in it's
either not a lie
or it looks like it only because it's
out of context or it's true enough that
it was sort of a jump ball you know
something that well you could have gone
either way that's sort of true I can see
how you would say it wouldn't be so
about a quarter of all the lies are just
fake news and this leads me to my next
provocative thought I'm going to talk
I'm gonna toss out an idea that's gonna
break your brains all right so all I'll
ask is that you don't let your first
impression get too firm right your first
impression is going to be a massive
rejection of the fur the next thing I'm
going to say just just let it don't let
it sink in too hard don't let your first
impression be your last impression on
the following topic what would happen
with the world if the news the industry
the professional news industry
completely went away
okay now you're having a first
impression and your first impression is
probably like oh you can't do that that
would be you would have nobody
as the safeguard of the press you would
have the the government would just be
helpless but I mean the public would be
helpless to the government because it
would be nobody checking the government
that's your first impression right let
me ask you this who was it who gave you
the Russia collusion hoax it was the
media did that help you or hurt you who
was it who gave you the charlottesville
fine people hoax that was the media who
was it who said they're fact-checking
and 25% of them are just made up that's
you know it was a wing of the the media
now let me ask you this what would
happen to step into the gap if if
professional news organizations were the
real reporters and stuff what if they
all went away
what would replace it if anything
well you if the industry went away it
would be replaced with other people
trying to do the same work but let's
let's just say it was social media what
if you reached a point where the only
things you could learn about the news
you heard on social media from somebody
who was there so if there was a story
about a riot somewhere and somebody
attended it they could just do a social
media post and use the right hashtag you
could just you just call it a hashtag
news so that anybody who saw an event or
they have some insight where they did a
little digging on their own just hashtag
it and then if you want to watch the
news you just go to the hashtags and it
would just look exactly like the news
now you'd have to pick through does this
person look believable versus this
person but you would have competing
stories so that would help you at least
sort of noon now you're probably already
moving a little bit from your first
impression that you couldn't possibly
have a successful society without a
professional news organization but
you're starting to think oh my god
everything the news is told this is a
lie because you know what everything the
news tells you is a lie now I don't mean
it's a lie in terms of the facts it's
always a lie in terms of the spin we
don't have anything like objective news
organizations everybody's on the team so
if they're on a team can you trust any
of the news not really you can't trust
any to do this because even when they
get the facts correct they can change
the context they can put it in the
narrative they want the press doesn't
report the news they manufacture it and
they've been manufacturing for a long
time somebody mentioned Mike sort of
itch in the comments if you haven't seen
his film hoaxed which is available on
venmo it's one of the best things I've
seen in years as an entertainment
vehicle the last last
fifteen minutes a hoaxed mike sandwiches
film is just some of the most
mind-blowing ly great stuff that I've
seen a long time it's like just one of
the great pieces of media and
entertainment but it's very educational
and will change your mind so you have a
look at that yeah so if you take all the
news that's being manufactured by the by
the CIA you take the fact that the news
media and this I don't think this is any
kind of an exaggeration the existing
news media just tried to overthrow the
government of the United States do we
need more of that would we be better off
if there were no news because all the
news is fake so think about it the news
organizations may have just because you
know other events happening in society
it's entirely possible that the news
profession went from you know having its
flaws but unambiguously good for the
world
you know whose flaws and all but
unambiguously good on the average yes
I'm sorry I said venmo for the hoax
movie I'm getting all my words wrong I
meant video VI Meo so if you want to see
like sort of which is hoax movie go to
Vimeo V I am yo and look for hoaxed the
word and you you will be happy you did
so just just think about that think
about whether the news is a positive
force on average of course there are
warts or at or is it at the moment
actually just a brainwashing technology
run by unscrupulous people I would say
the best description of the news
business today and I'm not I'm not
talking about local news that's local
news is probably just news but the the
national stuff and the political stuff
is really just a manipulation tool
run by people who have agendas so we can
no longer put up with the social media
platforms having no transparency because
they are our last hope against the enemy
of the people which is at least the
political news reporting organizations
are illegitimate and probably need to be
they probably need to be completely
replaced abidance NDL it had three
undergrad degrees but he only had one
with two majors yeah that sounds right
alright so what do we do about it
what do you do about the fact that
social media has has kicked these people
off well the only thing you could do is
push for specific solutions if all
you're doing is bitching about it you're
not really helping if all you're doing
is complaining you're not really helping
if you're taking a goal versus a systems
approach doesn't really help what I mean
by that is a goal would be to not kick
people off who shouldn't get kicked off
that would be a goal but goals are not
very good if you don't know how to get
there
a system would be hey let's have an
independent arbitrator let's be more
transparent that would be a system let's
boil down our complicated rules into
simple bullet points and manage to the
simple ones that would be a system so if
the social media companies are not
iterating systems that I think the
government has to be persuaded to move
in now not quickly I don't think you
should be move in with the big boot but
I don't think there's an option anymore
the two options are we we see the social
media people rapidly iterating and
telling us that's what they're doing
because if they tell us that's what
they're doing we're going to be more
understanding right
they say look we know this is difficult
let's try this for a while to see if it
works let's let's try it amnesty that
would be part of the system and then
let's run it through the new system and
see if we get the same result or a
better result if they're not talking to
us in those terms and then showing us
that something is happening I don't
think we can support the social media
companies not being regulated by the
government
so that's where I'm at Trump is watching
this I'm sure the the level of social
media activity will have a big bearing
on whether he X let's say decisively or
just talks about it
you know I and I think one thing that
Trump could do would be to suggest
something specific and you could say
we're going to regulate you if we don't
see something from the social media
companies in three months whatever it is
you know whatever is the right amount of
time just say we're watching you and if
in three months we don't see something
that looks like you're iterating toward
better solutions even if they don't work
I'm completely forgiving of trying
something for the first time and it
doesn't quite work just try something
new you know keep doing so if they're
doing that I think the government could
back off but probably at a very minimum
they need to run a new system do an
amnesty and see if the same people get
kicked off at the same amount of time
see if the new system makes a difference
alright that's all I've got for today I
think or another system would be to
label the dangerous people better so
that people have more options about who
they watch alright that is all for today
I'm going to go do something else and
we'll talk to you later
[Music]