hey
everybody let's uh get in get on in here
cuz you know what time it
is
uh yeah it's time for coffee with Scott
Adams I decided to give you a little
fireplace
view it's part of my long-term plan to
show less of me and more of something
else but you
know one of the reasons you come here is
so that you can enjoy the simultaneous
zp and it's coming up grab your mug grab
your thermos your Stein your your
chalice your cup your glass fill it with
your favorite liquid here it comes the
Rope the simultaneous
sip ah that could have been better
better had it been
warmer all right back to
me so we got all kinds of news happening
it's like news all over the
place so let's uh let's run through it
one at a
time so I was waiting to hear uh Alan
DT's opinion
on uh I'm going to look at my Twitter
feed to remind me of some specifics here
um I was waiting for Alan dtz to weigh
in on this question of McCabe reporting
that they talked about using the 25th
Amendment
and
uh Ted
Lou Who
is uh besides being the husband of Betty
and a US Air Force veteran he's a member
of
Congress and uh I I'll tell you what uh
Ellen DT said and then I'll tell you
what Ted L said now what's funny about
this is that uh
dtz is probably the world's expert on
constitutional law Ted Lou is whatever
is not
that so Ted Lou is Constitution
splaining to the best constitutional
scholar in the world and the is funny so
I'll just read it to you so uh president
Trump actually was uh quoting alen dtz
from the Tucker Carlson show and he said
quote this is quoting alen dtz trying to
use the 25th Amendment to try and
circumvent the election is a Despicable
Act of unconstitutional power grabbing
which happens in third world countries
you have to obey the law this is an
attack on our system and
Constitution so dtz is saying saying
it's a Despicable Act of
unconstitutional power now what he's
talking about is mcab referencing the
conversation about using the 25th
Amendment which typically has well it's
intended for people a president is
incapacitated mentally or physically and
then can be replaced which did not apply
to president Trump's situation and so
dtz is saying it was a unconstitutional
power grab but
tedl does some con Constitution
splaining and he he addresses aler
schwitz in this tweet and he
says the 25th amendment is the law and a
majority of the uh the vice president
and a majority of the cabinet can invoke
this amendment You can disagree with
their use of it should they invoke it
but you cannot say it should be
unconstitutional you should read the US
Constitution again alen dtz
I don't even know what to say to
that you know can you imagine Ted Lou
going into to the doctors for his
appointment and the doctor says Ted
we've we've checked you out and you've
got uh high blood pressure and then Ted
explains to the doctor why he has
completely misdiagnosed
him um at what point is it embarrassing
to explain an expert's job to an expert
um now I suppose you could WordThink
this until the point where you'd say
okay it's not illegal to use the 25th
Amendment but I'd have to say it's
pretty
unconstitutional to use it when the
president is not incapacitated to use it
to change the result of an election
that's pretty
unconstitutional now I I think it would
be fair to say it would never it would
never get approved by enough people to
be implemented and uh we wouldn't have
to worry about it necessarily but the
fact that it was even talked about was
shocking now this the fact that it was
talking about also uh made me
question at what point Will trump
derangement
syndrome be a legitimate legal
defense and it's more interesting
question than you think because the the
entire legal system
depends on the illusion of free
will if we didn't imagine that people
have free will it wouldn't make sense to
punish them for their choices because if
somebody doesn't have a choice for what
they pick you know if it's just cause
and effect and it was all it was all
predetermined at the Big
Bang then you have no legal system
because you people just say well it's
not like I could choose to do something
differently I'm just a victim of of uh
particles bouncing around so the legal
system has always had to have this sort
of thin fiction that people have free
will and and make their own decisions
and it certainly feels like that so we
live in a world where it feels like you
make your own
decisions uh but science keeps shipping
away at that and I would say that it
would be
easy to get a an expert a psychologist a
scientist a brain expert to
confirm that people are being
brainwashed by their choice of media now
it's you know both sides are getting
brainwashed but in different ways and
I'm pretty sure that you could
prove that let's say macabe and this is
just you know hypothetical none of this
is going to happen but I think you could
give scientists to say that mcab was
literally brainwashed to believe that
there was a uh a crisis in the
Constitution and that something had to
be done immediately to save the country
so but would that be a legal defense
well at the at the moment it would not
you know it might have some effect on
sentencing but you couldn't legally get
away with that defense it is however
scientifically valid in other words you
would have scientists come in and say
yeah it's pretty obvious that this
person was brainwashed and therefore not
entirely in control of their own
decisions I'm sure you could get experts
to say that and probably all of them you
know if you had enough evidence of of uh
ridiculous political opinions you let's
say there was a let's say you had a
history of social media postings that
were so biased that any jury would look
at them and say yeah doesn't look like
this person uses facts they seem to have
been
brainwashed by you know consuming uh
their
media somebody says BS science my ass
good argument science your
ass why didn't somebody say that earlier
I could have saved a lot of time that
was a a clever and incisive argument
science my ass good
one all right um I know you all want me
to talk about the Jesse Smet
situation and I've been waiting for uh
you know more let's say
factual
basis but what we know so far is
somewhat hilarious and I'm going to let
me uh frame this by saying you shouldn't
believe anything you hear about this
story just literally nothing you
shouldn't believe any of the the reports
about what the police did or not did not
see or do or talk to I wouldn't believe
anything about who got picked up and I
wouldn't believe anything about who's a
suspect I wouldn't believe anything
about what is or is not on a camera and
I wouldn't believe anything that Jesse
Smet says or does not say so basically
you should have intense distrust for
every part of this
story that said where we are at the
moment in terms of the Alle story is
quite hilarious cuz fact check me on
this but I believe that two people of
Interest have been questioned by the
police who seem to be the people who
were on the video cameras who seem to be
the people
who attacked Jesse SMY Jesse
Smet
and apparently they uh
Nigerians uh one of which worked on the
show with Jesse
Smet now if it's true that two
Nigerians were involved in this in some
way then it is probably not true that
somebody was yelling this is Mega
country and it is probably not true that
they were wearing Mega hats at the
time uh so we don't know what the real
story is and again don't believe
anything you hear on this story
absolutely everything is unreliable some
of it is true but we have no way of
knowing at this point it's just all
unreliable from every angle but it is
nonetheless hilarious that the current
situation is that two Nigerian guys are
being questioned so it doesn't get any
funnier than
that uh and in fact I would say that
this story just
SMS
wrong okay
uh now there was a piece by uh Chris
saliza who is a notable
anti-trumper and I want to I want to
just read to you a little bit from him
today if I can find it and I'm sure I
can all I just took a little snipp it
out right this is from Chris Eliza on
the CNN
website he talked about the news of what
mcab said about the 25th Amendment and
he said there are two ways to look at it
one of one of those ways is that the
that there's a deep State and they were
literally talking about a coup using the
25th Amendment to replace the government
so he says that's one way to look at it
sort of the two movies on one screen
idea in his own words so one way is that
it was exactly what a lot of you think
they were talking about a coup but
here's the other way so this is Chris
ciza
anti-trumper telling you the other thing
that this evidence could suggest he says
this news from mcab is confirmation so
this is if you're a trump opponent you
might think this uh in his framing this
news from aab is confirmation the senior
officials within the J justice
department
were so worried about Trump's behavior
in
office his behavior in office he had
just started that they broached the
unthinkable colon removal by means of
the Constitution the fact that such
serious and professional people men and
women charged with enforcing the laws of
the country were driven to such Extreme
Action or at least the contemplation of
such Extreme Action proved just how
abnormal and dangerous Trump really is
both to the presidency and the
country now this is sort of what I was
explaining yesterday the idea
that um in McCabe's mind he might have
been a patriot but only in his mind you
not in your mind obviously but in his
mind he might have thought oh my God I'm
the last defense against Russia running
the country and so he had to act on that
um but the way Sala frames this is
hilarious because it's framed as though
there are two there are two
possibilities there are two ways to
describe what's happening one is that it
was a deep State plot to overthrow the
country or overthrow the government
using um the 25th Amendment the second
is uh the president was so sketchy and
there were there's so many reasons to
think there was something wrong that
even if mcab was incorrect he was
operating in good faith against these
obvious indications that there was some
gigantic problem
potentially what did he leave out
there's a there's a third possibility or
at least the second possibility has not
been fully described what's left
out is the more obvious option the
obvious option is is that
CNN and the mainstream media has
hypnotized and let's not use the word
hypnotized let's say brainwashed because
that actually is I could defend that
word
brainwashed that that the media has
illegitimately brainwashed a huge
segment of the country into something
like Trump derangement
syndrome now that to me is by far the
most accurate
description of what's probably Happening
Here I think what's probably happening
is that the media got mcabe and other
people so whipped up into thinking that
something dangerous was happening that
ordinary evidence that would not
normally climb to the level of
discussing the 25th Amendment certainly
seemed attenuated suddenly seemed
attenuated in other words things that
they might have ordinarily written off
as coincidence or politics or or
confirmation bias cuz remember these are
professionals and all day long they have
to deal with okay is that a coincidence
or is that evidence is this confirmation
bias or is this really true all right so
these are professionals who work through
this stuff all the time and yet they
managed to look at this bunch of nothing
and convince themselves it was a it was
a danger to the Republic now keep in
mind that um we have elections on a
regular basis and parties change the
government changes on a regular basis
and it's not unusual that the people in
the government the FBI the Department of
Justice it would not be unusual for them
to not like whoever got elected probably
every other time that happens it's like
oh I wish that person did not get
elected but they do not act on that
they do not consider the 25th Amendment
because to them it's just somebody in
power whose politics they don't
like that's not what was happening here
here here mcabe and presumably others uh
were so afraid that this particular new
government was dangerous that they acted
in a way that reasonable people are
calling
treason or a coup
I'm not sure if it's treason if you're
doing it for the benefit of the country
it's I'm not sure the I'm not sure
treason works if you imagine the person
doing it was trying to preserve the
Republic as opposed to destroy it so I'm
not sure that word completely works but
certainly there was a breach of uh
Constitution or at least they discussed
using the constitution in a way that it
was not designed to be used so that's
pretty bad um somebody's saying it's a
sedition well before I agree or disagree
with that let me look up the
definition
stion to make sure I am speaking all
right sedition is over conduct such as
speech and organization that tends
toward Insurrection Against The
Establishment could be subversion of a
constitution and incitement of
discontent
yes
uh so it's against the established order
but is the established order the
specific president or is the established
order the United States and the
Constitution so so here's here's the
thing I think the most likely
explanation of events is that the media
brainwashed half of the
country and that some of those people in
that half of the country were in
important jobs such as macabe and that
they acted the way other brainwashed
people would have acted in the same
situation thinking that there was an
immediate end of the world problem and
that they might have to bend some rules
to save the world you to save the
country so
um that's my
guess now and somebody's saying oh come
on
Scot well let's compare the Alternatives
so one alternative is that
maab consciously just said I don't like
this President I want to put you know I
want I want somebody else to be
president so we'll try to take this guy
out but keep in mind the 25th
Amendment would have explicitly put the
Vice President in
charge all right so so check your theory
against this one and this fact if your
theory is that mcab wanted to
um if
mccabes if you're theories that mcab
wanted to get rid of Republicans because
he was supporter of Hillary Clinton it
doesn't make
sense that he would uh invoke the
25th all right so some of you lost the
connection and I see the the comments
but the connection is fine now and it
should work in replay my experience is
that when replay uh that the replay will
be clean but you may have just lost the
connection but anyway that it's working
fine for other people that means you
might have to refresh on on your end uh
but what I was saying is compare these
two theories one is that mcabe didn't
like the political outcome of the
election but that wouldn't make sense
because the 25th Amendment would have
removed Trump and put pence in charge
and that's the opposite of what he
wanted what he would have wanted for
political reasons it would have worsened
things in in a sense so the fact that
they were talking about the 25th
Amendment which would have maintained a
republican uh
government um I think that to me that
suggests that uh that he was acting
based on Trump derangement syndrome
because you have to be pretty
desperate
to you have to be pretty desperate to
want to replace Trump with Pence right
if you're a
Democrat that's a desperate act and you
wouldn't act desperately under any
normal conditions you wouldn't act
desperately just because you didn't like
the political
outcome right that you just wouldn't do
that you would act desperately if you
really believe there was a a risk to The
Republic so that so that one uh that
fits the evidence
better all right stop criticizing the
FBI do you think that's what I just
did
um you have it completely backwards FBI
concocted the Russian hoax and fed it to
the media well I'm not really talking
about that am I the it wasn't mcabe who
concocted the FBI hoax and we're talking
about
him right I do believe that there was
you know the dossier was a hoax I do
believe that the whole investigation is
closer to a Witch Hunt than anything
else but when you're talking about mcab
talking about the
25th uh amendment that doesn't feel like
him trying to get a democrat in office
that feels like
desperation because Pence would have
replaced him all
right Pence could would have been step
two that's a big reach yeah I hear what
you're saying that well then he would
get rid of a pence
next maybe I don't know then who's after
that wouldn't it have been
um who who would have been so at the
time who would have been president if
Pence was removed somebody somebody do
some fact checking here uh it would have
been another Republican
right
so all right now here's something
interesting um many of you complained
about patreon because you said hey
patreon is uh kicking off some um
Republicans or at least kicking off some
people for free speech reasons that you
don't agree with now patreon is the
platform where people can don't to uh
artists and
creators and so people said we are going
to stop donating to you Scott so a lot
of people who used to be donating to me
on patreon maybe I don't know 25% of
them or a third of them just
disappeared so my plan of funding my uh
let's say expansion of what I'm doing on
Periscope by you know I have an
assistant that I pay to put it on um to
put it on on YouTube and to put it into
podcast form and I was funding that
through patreon but patreon got attacked
for being let's say uh a little too
aggressive in kicking people off their
platform and so people said to me hey
Scott you have an app that's used for
something slightly different but why
don't you put a donate button on there
and
so we put a donate button on there and
let me show it to you so so I'll look at
myself here I'll just do a search in the
interface by
whenhub
um all right so here you have it so the
app is primarily designed for experts to
make a video call to people who need
some expert advice and want to pay for
it per per minute but we just added a
donate button so if you wanted to donate
to me or anybody else who signed up so
any any Creator can just sign up here
just take
about 60 seconds to put in your profile
and stick a picture in there and then
you're available for donations so if you
want to donate you just hit the Donate
button pick an amount uh hit Apple pay
and put your thumb on it and Bam you're
done so um I won't claim that this is
the first um I'm not going to say that
this is the only the only uh alternative
to patreon and I'm not going to leave
patreon so I'm going to stay on there
too but a lot of conservatives
especially just didn't want to use
patreon and ask me how else they could
do it so we just added that to the app
by the way uh none of this was planned I
just talked to my CTO one day and said
hey you know I'm hearing this complaint
about patreon and I knew that we had a
payment platform and I knew that it was
something that you know anybody could
sign up for so I said how hard would it
how hard would it be to just add a
donate button and I just sort of brought
it up as a brainstorming idea and uh the
next time I checked they they had added
it to the app so my my crack team of
Technology experts uh just made it
happen just because it was a good
idea so it's called the interface by
whenhub app it's free it's in the app
stores and if you don't want to use
patreon uh you have you have an option
now we don't have yes somebody asked the
right question so in phase one it is not
a recurring model so you just pay once
and then walk away so if you wanted to
pay again you'd have to do it again um
if if people use it we'll add a
recurring function uh so that they have
the option of recurring or not I think
it should be an option I don't think it
should be the
default um but we'll see if anybody
cares if people use it we'll add that
option should not be
hard um the ways you can give me
money thanks for asking is either
patreon or the interface by one Hub app
it's got a donate button just search for
my name or you can do a super art here
on Periscope so there should be an
option at the bottom of your screen for
something called a super heart which if
you press it would give you options for
donating but it's few extra
steps
[Music]
um we we don't accept Bitcoin within the
app as payment
but uh thanks for
asking uh are you going to leave patreon
I'm not planning to but if if I get more
donations on this I would yes so if if I
ended up getting something something
even close to a replacement level on the
interface by whenhub app then I would
leave patreon but I'm not going to leave
unless people prefer this
method uh
uh uh oh what percentage does interface
take so we just matched patreon 5% so of
the
5% uh roughly speaking half of that
actually just goes to the banking the
transaction just to pay pay the you know
the the go between people and then uh
something like 2% plus goes to uh goes
to the
company all right um yeah we still you
can still pay for experts with the
cryptocurrency that's integrated with
the
uh um it's integrated with the uh the
app
by the way for those of you who have
purchased the when whn which is the
cryptocurrency that is part of the
interface by whenhub
app in addition to credit card so the
app works just with normal money and
credit cards and US Dollars and stuff
but we have a crypto
option the the value of the crypto is
tied to the value of the company so if
it turned out that a lot of people
wanted to use it as a patreon
replacement and let's say that became
that became a big thing uh which it
could then the app would be more viable
because it would have another source of
income and the Ws that people have
already uh purchased probably would go
up in um probably would go up in value
but nobody can guarantee that cuz it's
not an
investment but the the value of the wi
is tied to the success of the app um so
anything that makes the app more
successful is likely to make the when go
up in value but no guarantees all right
um that's what we
know and is there any other news that we
haven't talked about let me just do a
quick check on CNN and see if there's
anything we
forgot oh let's talk about we haven't
even talked about the National Emergency
all
right so the National
Emergency uh oh we could talk about on
exit too so it seems to me that the
president can uh either accept or
veto the um the
bill and still do his emergency uh thing
and still build the thing because what's
what's different today compared to just
a few weeks ago is that we watched
Congress fail in front of us when you
see what Congress produced with
bipartisan group working together I
think I think we all have to say yeah
that looks like a complete
failure now is it
um
uh is it wrong for the
commander-in-chief who has a valid
homeland security
issue is it valid for him to say look
the Congress tried right in front of you
and they failed miserably
you can you can see what what they
produced is not even a bill that I could
sign because apparently and here's the
part that I would say is a little bit of
a wait and see I've been seeing the
conservative complaints about the bill
but I have not yet seen anybody defend
those same objections in other words the
things that the conservatives are
complaining about and I'll mention those
in a minute I have not heard anybody on
the other side say oh they're actually
good ideas you're not looking at it in
context or you misunderstand so I'm
still waiting for that until I get that
I don't want to throw in with a side but
I'll tell you what the conservatives are
saying two problems one is this if
there's a if there's a child and the
child has some kind of a uh sponsor then
that person gets to stay and people are
saying my God it's a giant loophole for
every MS13 and cartel member to say oh
this is my kid I guess I can stay in the
country now I would wait to make
sure that that interpretation of of the
size of that loophole is accurate
because it might be that there's more to
the story than we know and that the
Congress was not as stupid as it appears
on the surface so it's
possible that there's more to that story
and I'm waiting to hear the other
argument before I weigh in but what we
know s sounds terrible right like if all
you knew is they've opened up this giant
loophole that will increase child
trafficking and and and be like an open
door for the cartel well that would be
bad and certainly the President should
not sign that but I'd wait wait to see
if there's a I I don't know what the
argument would be but I would wait to
see if there is one the second part um
is uh something that uh
let me read the exact tweet here because
the other part is that um the local
cities would get a
say on the question of whether the fence
would be in their area and as was
pointed out uh let's
see give me one moment by Brandon
[Music]
derby um the problem is that the local
the local cities get to decide or at
least they're part of the decision
whether there's a barrier where they are
the problem as Darby as Brandon Derby
has pointed out is that the cartels are
already buying those local officials so
the people who would be making the
decision about putting a fence or a
barrier between them and the cartels
would actually be owned by the cartel so
the cartels in too many cases don't know
how many already have corrupted those
officials so we would effectively be and
and this is this is
insane but true as far as I can tell and
again maybe it's still fog of War maybe
we don't know exactly what this bill
says or or how it would be implemented
and I'll wait for a better explanation
but on the
surface it appears that we that the bill
and and I I'm not even making this up
but it appears that the bill delegates a
decision about building a wall on the
border to the
cartel and that's not even an
exaggeration that's not a
joke that's
literally what's happened the bill as it
stands according to what we understand
and it could be wrong but what we
understand is that Congress got together
and they were so incompetent
that they came up with an idea for
delegating the decision about building a
border wall to the Mexican
cartels
literally I mean they didn't say it in
those words but that's actually what's
going to happen because the cartels in
too many cases have influence over the
American governments on the
border now did you know that how's that
change your opinion right
how doesn't that change your opinion now
this is why you talk to The Experts all
right if you had not heard that from
Brandon Derby that there are key parts
of the Border where the American
governments the American government you
know the local city people are already
bought by the cartels now is he guessing
no CU in an article in in Breitbart that
I linked to um he actually goes down the
list of the people who have already been
caught taking money from the cartel it's
not a oneof it's not
speculation it's not oh it happened that
one time and I'm generalizing too much
it's already
widespread and it's
confirmed nobody's guessing about this
the cartels are actually starting to run
the governments on the border and we
just delegated the decision to build a
wall to the cartels that actually
happened now ask yourself if that's not
an
emergency what is what is an emergency
all right if it's not an emergency that
Congress just delegated border security
to the Mexican
cartel and that was the best they can do
if that's not an emergency I do not know
what an emergency looks
like so uh there you go now remember I
said from the the start that
unless um unless you see something
coming out of this working committee
about the border that looks like a
here's what the experts said and then
here's what we decided if you don't see
that then they have not served you they
have not done the job of a Congress
their bill does not deserve any
consideration right you should not even
be talking about whether the bill should
be signed or not signed you should be
saying that nothing got produced that
should that is worthy of looking at
because if they can't do that simple
thing here's what the experts said
here's what we funded now you can
compare them now if it turned out that
the experts said we want eight things
and this is one report I heard we here's
our eight priorities and then the
committee said all right we can only
fund the top
three that's a defensible argument
because they've communicated with the
public they looked at the priorities
they did not disagree with them they
just added their expertise which is how
much budget do we want to put on these
priorities that would be something you
could agree with or disagree with maybe
you think it should be more funding but
at least it would be a rational process
it would be honest it would be
transparent and the public could say
h I'm okay with the top three priorities
it's an 80/20 situation if it is I don't
know if it is um but if you don't see
even that here's what the experts said
here's what we did compared to what they
wanted you should not support anything
that comes out of that committee even if
it's good you know even if it's
accidentally good you should not support
it because the process is spitting in
your voter face it disrespects the
public in a way that's
grotesque now can the president who has
been saying from the start I'm going to
sign that thing and then watching a
super majority of the Congress agree
with it right so even if the
president um vetos it a super majority
can argue it and still and still
overcome his veto
right I think he should still do it
if under this condition if it's true
that that this delegates the decision
about the border to the cartels and I
think the argument is pretty good that
it does you know I haven't heard the car
counter argument and you need to wait
for that but it looks like that if
that's what this bill does and also
opens up an easy channel for child abuse
and everything else um then I think the
president absolutely can just veto that
piece of and declare an emergency
and say the cartels have breached the
Border they're already controlling the
local governments the local governments
are no longer the credible Defenders of
this country they have joined the other
side in too many cases certainly not the
majority but in too many cases and the
federal government has a responsibility
to the to the people to declare this an
emergency so that we can
counteract the the the bought off
officials that the cartel
owns so uh I'm not going to
predict that the that the president
vetos this bill because he has said very
clearly that he will and he did get both
sides to agree to it with a super
majority so that's kind of tough to to
veto but here's and it's possible I
can't say this enough times that I have
not yet heard the positive argument for
the bill for some reason you know nobody
is making that argument so if you don't
hear a positive argument for the the
parts of the bill that are flawed
letting the local governments be part of
the decision having that you know kid
sponsor thing that's just a open door if
you don't hear the
counterargument um I I'd say the
president has really a responsibility to
veto it but he might not we'll
see now what might
happen and I will just speculate all
right so let let's let's just imagine
the best case scenario so the best case
scenario is that the that sponsor part
of it where if there's a kid in the
United States I guess that we have to
keep the sponsor as well it could be
that what that does is prevents children
in cages or it protects the children and
it might it might be a trade-off that
people willingly understood and took it
could be that the defense of that is we
are completely aware that it opens up um
opportunity for abuse and we are
completely aware that that abuse will
happen but it solves a problem for so
many kids and families that we're
consciously going to make that tradeoff
I would listen to that that that's a
conversation I would listen to
especially if the population affected is
sort of a onetime thing and you know
they can deal with it over time now I'm
I'm just saying I would listen to the
argument all right I'm not saying I'm
making decision I'm just saying that if
they knowingly made a tradeoff that's
good for some kids but definitely bad
for a smaller group of kids I'll at
least listen to the
argument and and in terms of the um the
local community agreeing or disagreeing
it could be and I'm not saying this is
the case but if you were to look at the
language and if you understood how
things work with governments it could be
that the government the federal
government could never successfully
build a border where the local
government
disagreed anyway now in terms of legal
rights maybe they could in terms of a
practical matter it might be impractical
for the federal government to override
you know a city that didn't want a wall
you know even if legally they had all
the the right to do it in the real world
it just might be politically and
practically impossible let me tell you
how and again this is just speculation
I'm not putting out this out here as
anything that is fact but I'm I'm
increasing your imagination about how
what the possibilities are
one possibility is that there will
always be lots of cities on the
list that that are candidat for a wall
and it could be that no matter how much
funding we get you're only you're only
working at the top priorities so it
could be that if a particular City says
Hey federal government we absolutely
resist the wall here then the federal
government very much like amazon.com
when they pull down of New York City
they could say all right we're not
legally um you know there's nothing that
makes us uh impossible for us to still
put Amazon's headquarters in New York
but if you don't have a friendly local
government it creates a friction that's
not worth
it likewise in the real world I could
easily imagine a situation where the
local government even if they had to
accept the federal uh authority to build
a barrier the local government could
make it hard they could just say sure
we're going to you know we're going to
cooperate with you but it's not our
priority so it's you know we won't
return phone calls when you ask us where
the gas lines are we won't tell you you
know these are bad examples but I'm just
making the
point that although the um the bill says
that the local the local groups need to
approve the
wall it might be and this would be
compatible with everything I understand
about the world it might be that it's no
real
change all right it might be that unless
the local government was on board it's
just too hard and so priorities being
what they are the federal government
would say okay we're going to wait on
that City because they're resistant
we'll just build walls with our limited
funding and our limited
resources where where there's no no
problem so I think that that our our
simplistic idea that the cartel can buy
a government and the government can stop
border probably
true seems to me that would be true but
it might not be any different whether or
not this this bill says the government
can stop it or not because maybe the
government could sort of stop it just by
being difficult to work with if exactly
the same way that AOC stopped Amazon
from coming into New York City Amazon is
not legally stopped there there's
nothing that would prevent them from
going to New York City it was just too
much friction just wasn't worth dealing
with the friction and the federal
government probably always had that
situation with the local governments too
so I don't know how different it is wait
so wait for the experts to weigh in on
that all
right uh
also could generate Envy of cities with
the wall good point yeah if you build if
you build several walls and then um
those cities are happy with their walls
and crime goes down the cting next to
you that did not build the wall is first
of all going to get all the extra crime
because people are you know can't cross
in one place so they're going to go to
the place with no wall so the place with
no wall should see an increase in crime
and then the
voters voters have some decisions to
make so it just might not make any
difference that some of the some of the
Cities oppose the wall as long as you
can build it in other places and then
convince the the other cities by
example
[Music]
um uh I saw that b b or
orc was asked if walls are such a bad
idea would he be in favor of tearing
down the existing wall in El Paso and he
said
yes so bo oror uh actually said he would
tear down the existing
wall I don't know if there's anybody who
has less chance of becoming president
than that guy but
uh I think he just went from a
Joe he went from a joke to a a bigger
joke yeah that is pretty
crazy you know even if you didn't like
the wall it would make more sense to put
a a gate there than it would to tear
down the
wall
um somebody says is he bought by the
cartels well now there's a good question
if we know that the local
governments are bought by the
cartels and you can't think of any other
reason somebody would tear down the
entire
wall what assumption do you have to make
about bet or orc now I'm not I'm not
going to say you know that the fact he
wants to tear it in the wall necessarily
means that the cartel already owns
him not
necessarily but I can tell you for sure
that if you don't at least suspect
it you're not you're not acting like
Andrew MCC that's for sure cuz Andrew
mcabe would suspect there was something
going on there and he
would he would do something
non-constitutional about it I think all
right
uh all right I'm just looking at your
comments and I think we've said enough
and I'm going to go do some other things
and I will talk to you later