come on in and chat while we do the
pre-show the real show starts at top of
the hour as always we've got eight
minutes first I will print my
notes so there is much a
miss
good
morning hello
Stefan well all the locals people are in
here
fast are the Tates in jail again I think
it's getting close not yet but it's
getting
close
oh my
goodness have you noticed that uh people
with one one set of views seem to be
going to jail a
lot I'll bet you have
noticed hey
Owen
streaming on
Rumble you did not miss the zp the Sip
doesn't begin until the top of the hour
we're at the
pre-show where sometimes there is a
premature
sip premature
culation you'll be in uh Kawai in 12
days all
right good place to
be yeah it's a chilling chilling effect
on speech you're right let's check our
stocks rumble's up 5% we're at over
eight
now but most importantly what about my
Camping World stock
Camping
World my my theory that there are going
to be more
tents let me tell you how that that's
working
out I will check my
uh my my even though they don't make a
lot of tents they're more about
campers I think uh campers are going to
be the the
future all right let's see how we're
doing
good camping camping world is
up I mean up
lately not
bad um has anybody seen the 34 Minute
glitch since I got my Internet
fixed
have you seen that
yet did I kill Scott Adams official on
Tik Tok yet well I didn't
know anybody contact you about your Tik
Tock Theory from mancave
no sitting in the Box checking your
stocks
oh Massie is debating the the
ban yeah there won't be a ban I think
the it disappeared when when I was on 5G
oh that answers the
question so I uh found out what happened
to my
network so apparently I complained
enough on the
xplatform uh and on YouTube and whatnot
that uh they upgraded my entire
neighborhood so apparently they were
doing upgrades anyway and it looks like
it was a trivial matter maybe they added
a piece of equipment I don't know but um
all they did was open a box and make a
few changes and the entire neighborhood
just went up massively so I sign on a
message to my neighbors because we're
all connected on a WhatsApp group and I
said uh if he knows your internet speeds
are better
you're
welcome and people are sending me
screenshots of their internet speeds
they're all
happy way too many people making tons of
money on Tik Tok well I wonder how
many I wonder how
many ticktock ban a trojan horse against
X
probably the arguments against the band
seem pretty strong well
yeah I I'll save that
we'll we won't leave that in the green
room all right Jen's g g got the okay
for more
bandwidth
maybe
maybe um what will I do with the hey
Button after I own Tik Tok well I don't
think Rumble offered to buy Tik Tok I
don't think that's what happen I think
Rumble was um basically selling access
to their Rumble Network so I think they
wanted to host it not be an owner if I
understand that
correctly even the rich have to fight to
get decent service
uh Force social media companies to be
sold that is correct well forces them
under some
conditions well thank you
Paul uh last six minutes of man cave
showed you can think circles around the
rest of
us I don't know what that was about that
was about my Tik Tock
Theory
oh Pavo laosi mentioned maybe Rumble
should buy it well how could Rumble buy
it rumble's worth two billion and they
have 200 million in
cash Tik tok's
worth what a
trillion I don't know how they could buy
it maybe they could be part of a larger
purchasing group or something well looks
like we're very close to the beginning
of the
show
don't let me uh miss the top of the
hour Bonino said they did offer to buy
it I don't know how they could do
that isn't Trump saying he'll have more
flexibility after the
election uh well I don't think he said
that Finance
it I wonder if he could
I don't know if you could you really
ever pay enough
to give Tik Tock what they think it's
worth why don't big names form their own
platform why don't you ask truth social
that question they tried
it it's
time is
time it's time for the pre-show to end
and the real show
to
[Music]
begin good morning everybody and welcome
to the highlight of human civilization
it's called coffee with Scott Adams
because that's what it is if you'd like
to take your experience and it's an
experience let me tell you up to a level
that nobody can even imagine with their
tiny human brains all you need is a
cuper of marar a glass of tanker Chels a
Stein a canteen Jugger flask
a vessel of any kind filling with your
favorite liquid I like coffee and join
me now for the unparallel pleasure of
the dopamine hit of the day the thing
that makes everything better it's called
the simultaneous zp it happens
now I feel connected to all of you with
a
invisible
connection I thought I was going to come
up with a better word than connection
and then once I got there really wasn't
a better one so we'll just go with
that well let's just jump into the
stories uh we'll do the big ones and the
small ones and uh I'll do at least one
thing that could get me
cancelled maybe
more more cancel than I already am uh
well the tape brothers are looking at
some say life in prison in the UK and
you're probably saying to yourself my
God what are the charges is that are so
so bad that they could go to prison for
life and the answer is um I don't know I
looked I clicked a bunch of things I
read a bunch of things but I have no
idea is it some kind
of uh sexual charge or something does
anybody know I've not seen any news of
what the charges are now I think Andrew
Tate said he he's worried it could turn
into an a son
situation that situation being somebody
who's really a political prisoner but
the system is treating them like they're
a normal prisoner or a normal criminal
and could get them killed or kept in
jail forever somebody says it's a rape
charge both of them both brothers
coincidentally well how many of you
think that's
real does anybody think that the that
the reason for the
charges is that there's a real real
crime uh I I doubt I doubt it I mean we
live in a world where you just can't
take anything on face value can you now
I want to be clear I'm no supporter of
the Tate Brothers we we've uh or at
least Andrew Tate I've had my
differences with
him so I don't support him personally
but uh when I see a situation like this
it does not
scream criminal it screams political and
I don't think I can ignore the fact that
people who have opinions a lot like is
all seem to be
targeted can can you think of anybody
who has an opinion anywhere in the
general area of the Tay brothers who has
not been targeted by the
government or it looks like the
government or intelligence Services
something like that I can't think of on
can you it seems like every single
person who has a certain set of opinions
is targeted by the legal system for all
the
crimes now I don't know if the Tate
brothers did any crimes like I said it's
not my job to defend their character or
their history or anything else I'm just
saying we live in a world where my first
assumption is it's probably fake isn't
that terrible my first assumption which
I still keep that's my current
assumption is it's probably fake I hate
that I even live in a world in which I
have to say that but it's probably
fake all right uh can you believe that
yet again there was another story about
the gender pay Gap and quoting the 82
cents on a dollar thing uh would you
like me to tell you why that story still
persists the 82 cents on a
dollar now everybody who is a little bit
educated uh is aware that that's just
comparing apples to oranges and if you
compare people with the same experience
you know that disappears but why why do
people keep saying it like why does it
just keep coming up over and over for
decades when it's been disproven by
every study and every single person who
knows anything about it it it's
literally comparing an apple to an
orange so oh more more manner in let's
say stem jobs more women might be in
let's say jobs that are more nurturing
or taking care of people so you know
sociologists and stuff and they make
different
money
but I thought every education every
educated person knows that but it turns
out there's a lot who don't and do you
know why this story
persists even though so obviously take
it out of context not true it persists
because nobody can tell batshit crazy
women the truth it's just too
dangerous the the reason that this even
exists is because there's so many people
who don't know how to do any kind of
analytical job can't do the research
can't do the math this is a stupidity
issue not a difference of
opinion there's no difference of opinion
everybody smart male and female knows
this is fake news
everyone and the reason that there
people were not let's say experts and
don't follow the news as much the reason
they believe it that this persists is
because men are too afraid to tell women
the truth it's like this is not you're
comparing a rock to a you know a
bird yeah the the only reason that
number exists is because you don't know
how to analyze things which is basically
like a math problem all right so that's
the truth truth is it's totally fake and
here's one of my standards for uh Det
protecting
BS it's not 100% doesn't work every
single time but it's really really good
it goes like this if the science or the
data tells you one thing and your entire
lived experience tells you the other
it's probably not true it's probably not
true and I always use the lung cancer
example of smoking science says that
smoking gives you lung cancer and sure
enough I know people who smoke
cigarettes and died to lung cancer so
that's not proof you know my personal
experience but at least it's consistent
what I see matches what the scientists
say pretty
good um but in my entire life I've never
heard of one example not even one in
which a woman was paid less than a man
when they had the same
experience they had the same you know uh
let's say
qualifications did the same amount of
work and negotiated just as
aggressively I've never seen it have any
of you ever seen it have you ever seen a
verified situation where where it really
was the same same years of experience
same qualifications just 20% different
pay I've never seen it all right here's
a little mental experiment for
you this will this will blow your mind
take a hundred men chosen at random but
they all have the same
occupation 100 men just randomly chosen
there are no women in the group just 100
men and let's say they're all uh I don't
know they're all data analysts or
something all have the same
job do they all have the same pay do all
the data analysts have the same
pay 100 chosen randomly no of course not
their pay is going to be all over the
place
so should you say that the people in the
bottom half of the pay because it would
be lots of different pay levels would I
say that they've been discriminated
against for being men no you would just
say that any hundred people even in the
same job would have you know different
incomes do you think somebody studied
and found the the ones that got a little
extra and they're trying to correct it
no we don't do that do you think anybody
looked at the men who were paid less
than other men for the same job and said
we got to correct this no nobody gives a
 because it's about men but suppose
you took a 100 men and 100 women
randomly and some of the um and they
were on the same job now if you randomly
studied 100 men and 100 women would you
find a whole bunch of situations in
which there were in fact women who
seemed to be suspiciously paid less than
the men
yes you would because there would be
people paid all kinds of things for all
kinds of reasons and all kinds of
different places but you could also find
in that same group men who are paid less
than other men and also men who are paid
less than other
women so the entire the entire topic is
people who don't know how to do analysis
so to pretend there's some kind of
difference of opinion or or that it
matches your experience is just absurd
now let me ask you in the comments again
just so you can see each other has
anybody ever you even seen one example
I'm going to say in the
last 10 years who limited to the last 10
years in the last 10 years has anybody
ever seen one example where you were
really sure that people had the same
qualifications but different
pay and if you had are you aware that
you could find that same difference if
you were only looking at
men you would find men with different
pay for the same jobs how do you explain
that
no it's all just bad analysis there's
nothing else to
it all right uh Trump said something
that got him in a little bit of
political hot order he said that in an
interview asking about entitlements
because as you know our budget's out of
control and he said uh there's a there's
a lot that can be done in entitlements
in terms of cutting so then Biden got on
that and said uh Trump's going to cut
your
entitlements now what Trump said was
there's a lot that can be done in terms
of cutting but I feel like there's a
whole level of
creativity that could be applied that
hasn't been for example I'll just take
myself if you gave me the option of
taking half of what I would probably get
in Social Security but take it now I'd
probably do it and then I'd say I'd save
the country a bunch of money on Social
Security and then they could use that
for other people because my situation
isn't like other people and maybe maybe
I say to myself you know what I don't
know if social secury you'll go away
someday I'll just take half now and you
know because it's not going to be the
deciding point of whether I have a good
life so I'll save you some money the
country by taking
half would you say yes to that who loses
who's a loser in that deal if I
willingly say you know I'll be fine with
half and you get to keep some of your
money your tax money that would have
gone to me are you
happy so I wonder if there are other
things like that for
example could you say to some young
people you know young people we've been
doing this ordinary social security
thing but if you'd like it's purely
optional you can have your um Social
Security put into let's say the um the
stock market into an ETF nice divers
ified American ETF so that you'd be well
Diversified and you would do as well as
the country and if you opted into it and
you don't have to you might make way
more money because you got stock but we
would only give you maybe less we would
give you less but you could have it in
stock would anybody go for that probably
would it work out for the people who
said yes I'll take stock yeah if they're
25 wouldn't they say it probably because
stock is tends to be a better idea than
most things in the long long long run so
I like uh I like Trump being honest
enough to say there's a lot that can be
done meaning that you can't just let it
run forever something has to be done we
all know that but I'd like to see him
get get uh I'd like to see him get
creative uh I think it's time for that
like really really think about all the
ways the free market
and maybe some kind of a gambling
Network and some kind of an alternative
situation I bet there is a lot that can
be
done anyway um what I'd like to see is
some new legislation to give all of our
security money Social Security money to
undocumented
migrants so it' be a bill that says
we'll just stop paying Social Security
to all citizens and will just give all
that money to undocumented uh immigrants
now the reason I want that is not
because I want it to pass that'd be
crazy that'd be crazy people I don't
want to give all my Social Security
money away to undocumented migrants
there'll just be more of them but what I
do want to see is that legislation
floated to see who votes for it I just
want to see who votes for it just to
find out like how many people are not
even
trying because it doesn't it seem like
we've got to a situation where it's not
so much difference of
opinion does it feel to you like there's
a philosophical difference of opinion
between the Democrats and the
Republicans not always sometimes yes not
always what it looks to me is as some
people are not even trying or they're
trying to destroy the country or they're
bad crazy so let's just let's just
create um much the way you've heard the
stories about the people who ran pranks
on the scientific
reviews so I think it's been done more
than once where people would write
totally fake scientific papers just
ridiculous stuff to see if they can get
it peer-reviewed and accepted and
published and sure enough they can get
it peer-reviewed and accepted and
published and then it tells the public
oh this is what's going
on very useful because once you learn
that half of the scientific studies are
just fake you know gives you some
perspective so I'd like to do the same
thing come up with some fake legislation
to give all of our Social Security money
every single penny of it to undocumented
migrants and then just watch who says
yes you don't think uh you don't think
half of the squad is going to say
yes because it's whatever is worse for
the country they seem fairly consistent
about doing why I don't
know well over in England the National
Health Service s has decided to uh ban
puberty puberty blockers for kids so
kids who want to transition they're not
going to be able to get their puberty
blockers and the reason is that they
just think it's too dangerous healthwise
isn't working out risk reward wise and
um I'm kind of bored with the whole
trans thing every time I have to talk
about it I figure like I feel like I'm
being
manipulated because there's nothing I
care less about than the trans issues I
love the trans Community yeah big fan of
the lgbtq community love them all would
love to them to live the best life that
they can put together for themselves and
it's not up to me to tell anybody how to
live for the adults but what's
interesting to me about this is that it
seems to me that every American kid from
from this day forward has a
lawsuit and I'm no lawyer but let me
just Trot this out see see if any of the
uh real lawyers agree with this it would
be one thing if your doctor gave you a
treatment and he honestly or she
honestly believed it was good for you
that's fine and then if things go wrong
well that's just the real world I wish I
hadn't but things went wrong but what
happens
when probably every Doctor Who's in this
space in America is now aware that
England looked at it and found it too
dangerous now now give it to a kid you
don't think you have a little extra
legal liability now I I thought the
standard was I thought the standard was
that once it becomes common knowledge
that something's too dangerous that
would be the point where you're being
irresponsible am I wrong or or can a
doctor in this country say yeah I'm
completely aware that in England they
did the analysis and found it too
dangerous but it's still legal here so
here's your bills I feel like I feel
like there's a Tipping Point situation
in which it wouldn't take many entities
to say this is dangerous we're making it
illegal before everybody would have to
make it illegal because remember the the
law and Medicine in general are very
risk averse they don't want to do
something where you can obviously get
sued you know if it's just begging to
get sued they don't want to do it so if
if everybody was just guessing about
what was the right thing to do then I
don't know that you could sue a doctor
for giving somebody puberty blockers
when they're young if they legitimately
didn't know that that was a risky
situation but now that they know I don't
know I've got a feeling that insurance
and the courts will take care of this
pretty quickly now that's my prediction
that the uh transitioning of the kids
probably is going to collapse as a as a
thing that Society ever did I think
someday it will seem like the it will
seem as bad
as um German experimentation on
prisoners I think it'll seem that bad
someday in the
future um by today's perspective I do
think most of people involved were just
trying to help which I hate I hate that
most of the people had good
intentions I mean it's better than bad
intentions but I hate
that well there there are a lot of a lot
of people who are going to learn that
theyve basically been butchers and
murderers and they thought they were
doing something good so and every day I
see another story about the uh number of
people taking their own lives in the
trans Community especially after
transition seems just insanely high but
you have to be careful about that data I
I would be really careful about any kind
of a self har data about the trans
Community because I think it's hard to
untangle cause and effect in that case
all right uh RFK Jr has teased that two
choices for his vice presidential
running mate might be NFL quarterback
Aaron
Rodgers uh or Minnesota ex- Minnesota
Governor Jesse
Ventura now does that sound like he's
serious about being president because
remember RFK Jr did
say that running for president was the
way he could have free speech
so there's there's part of me that
thinks that RFK Jr is not expecting to
win or playing to win but rather he's
playing to finally after you know
Decades of trying to be heard about the
food supply and the pharmaceutical
companies that he's just doing it to
make his point and I believe that the
reason he would identify these two
individuals who you don't think would be
at the top of the list at the moment you
know although obviously Jesse Venturas
had a serious government job at one
point but I think they're both
anti uh I I don't want to say antix I'll
say uh they're not proax would that be
true which is different from being
anti so I think that I think he's just
being consistent with his primary
concern which is the health of the
American public I think I think RFK Jr's
consistent focus on the
health of
Americans honestly is one of the best
things I've ever seen in America it's
one of the best things I've ever
seen in American history you know it's
funny we're we're surrounded with with
such just horrible horrible actors in
politics and sometimes your fellow
citizens but I don't see anything wrong
with what Kennedy is doing it doesn't
look like a bid for power it doesn't
look like a bid for money it doesn't
look like um it doesn't look like
there's any direct payoff for him other
than completing his work of making the
country safer I have to I got to say
that my respect for what he apparently
is doing is very high very high I very
much appreciate
it while United Airlines has had a fifth
in incident in what the news calls fifth
incident in over a
week may I take a moment to say if
you're writing a headline and you ever
write this headline it's the fifth
incident in over a
week here's here's a better way it might
be the fifth incident in let's say 10
days but you know what is over a week
everything
else you don't say you don't say the
fifth time in over a week because over a
week could be 10 years that's over a
week
yeah you know what
uh I've uh eaten a
potato uh 700 times in over a
week I have I'm not even exaggerating
I've eaten a potato 700 times in over a
week yeah and I'm not going to
stop um anyway United Airlines so they
have continue to have these mechanical s
the mechanical problems all seem to have
the same character that there's some
component of the airplane that falls
off am I right like tire falls off part
falls off a wing door falls off and I
would like to suggest that if they have
maybe one more incident in over a
week that they have to change the names
from United Airlines to mostly United
but some things fall off
it's longer but I think more accurate
fly United no not not completely United
mostly United but some things fall off
you got to expect
that all right well uh axios is talking
about the huge increase in uh Black and
Latino voters who are moving to the
Republican side and they show some um
apparently it's the it looks to be
according to polling the most massive
swing for Black and Hispanic voters
since uh a long time ago
60s now what is the explanation for
that what's the explanation migration
economy
natural why
now why
now
well um here's what uh they
say so axios should not be considered a
genuine news source or more of a that
they appear to present themselves as
more of a you know biased political
actor as most of the news
does but here's what they say uh the
Intrigue this is part of their story The
Intrigue the drop off meaning the drop
off of support for Democrats by that
Community comes even after Trump made
several racist and big did comments
about immigrants and people of
color now do you think if I click on
them uh I will find them to be racist
and bigoted comments do you think that's
news or was that just some person's
opinion well you know if you could click
on them yourself you'll find that
somebody has decided to interpret normal
language as big you know like they
usually do so that's not really news
that's just uh um bias
basically and then they say the uh the
biggest loss might be at least somebody
said is somebody else said actually is
uh people under 30 so now Biden is
losing young people black people and
Hispanics did did axios tell the story
right did they frame this story
right so they're losing young people
blacks and Hispanics
what what's missing in the story see
anything
missing let me tell you the trick that's
being played here there is a big trick
being played this is
misdirection when they tell you that
Black and Hispanic and young people are
moving toward
Republicans the real story is what
they're not telling you the real story
is the Democrat Party has become the
party of women do you know why they
don't want to tell you
that and by the way is the black men uh
at least the black men I know are
tending to be a little bit more prot
Trump the black women lesso but also a
little bit I think they I think that the
uh left leaning media can't tell you
that men are going to the Dem the
Republican side do you know why because
that would be too
influential it would be too influential
if you hear that blacks and Hispanics
and young people are moving to the other
side you might say to yourself well you
know I'm not one of those people but
it's an interesting story but if you
heard that men were going to one side
you'd have some real questions because
the men know how to protect the
country and you know I I hate to sound
too much like Tucker Carlson but uh
there's a lot of justification there's I
would I would claim same as uh same as
Tucker says that the justification for
racial disc
discrimination is gone basically I mean
there there's no reason to do it because
the difference between any one
individual of the same of the same race
is so different you know there's no such
thing as an average black guy like
that's not a thing every black person is
so infinitely different from every other
just like every white person is
infinitely different from every other
but gender is really a big difference
right so gender is the one that's really
big difference and one of the big
differences which I will claim to my
death is that men are smarter about uh
security and and survival and protection
women are better at you know nurturing
and a whole bunch of other stuff you
know better better verbal skills you
know a whole bunch of stuff they're
better at doing better at College at the
moment Etc so I'm not it's not a
competition it's just that we're not all
the same and there are some average
differences and you're seeing it here
and I think that if the Dem Democrats
started saying that men are leaving the
Democrat
Party that the women who are remaining
would say wait
what so I think a third of the Democrats
would say Ah that's good because the men
were the problem anyway but I think
2third of the Democrat women would say
wait a minute what did you just say
you're saying all the the men who are
Democrats are
leaving I think that would be the end of
the Democrat Party so I think the
framing that it that it's racial is
missing the far bigger framing that
abortion in particular is primarily
women right the fear of trump as the the
big old uh whatever mostly women and the
men who don't want to disagree with
women basically so as long as we see the
differences between the parties as
racial uh there there is some big
movement but if it ever
became more honest and showed that it
was basically a Democrats of the party
of women and the Republicans are more
party of men and women who agree with
them
basically all right let's look at this
voter ID issue you know I've never met a
single real person and I will I'm going
to say as I said on X there's no real
person who thinks that it's okay to not
to have voter ID for voting I've never
met one have you
have you ever met a real person who says
yeah that makes sense because I don't
think black people can get idas now
sometimes you'll meet somebody who says
that it's because they heard it on the
news but here's how you fix it there's
no black people who can't get idas they
get IDs because they need it for every
other part of
civilization and and if there is a black
person or a white person or any other
kind of person who can't get an ID Are
you seriously telling me you you want
them to
vote if they can't get an ID an ID is
pretty basic stuff and you think that
that person is going to add to the
decision-making quality of the Republic
no there is no real person who thinks
it's a good idea not to have voter ID
when we have ID for every other little
trivial thing and everybody thinks
that's a good
idea so this is purely a press um you
know bad people who want these things to
happen so there were two lawyers who
testified uh today or recently uh
against requiring proof of citizenship
to vote or ID I guess and uh and they're
both a former employees of George
soros's open Society do you think that
those two people in their private World
personally believe that it's a good idea
to not have ID for voting no of course
not no they're either paid or they're
lying but they definitely don't believe
that and I want to stop acting like this
is some kind of political discussion
this is not a difference of political
opinion the citizens are all on the same
page on this we are just being
gaslighted and screwed in some some way
by some group or groups of people but to
pretend that anybody's on the other side
of this it's absurd it's just
absurd now when I posted that no real
person is actually in favor of this uh
Elon Musk weighed in and said
100% and then uh a number of people said
this but uh Elon Musk said it as well
this
morning he said the exact same people
who said everyone had to have a vaccine
ID also say no ID is needed for voting I
mean you don't need a lot of reasons to
know that this isn't a real issue this
is a an issue specifically to make it
easier to cheat
it's to make it easier to
cheat now if you tell me there's any
other
reason there isn't there isn't don't
tell me there's some other reason nobody
thinks that that's just something that
people are saying on TV no actual honest
living person believes any of this it's
just to make it easier to
cheat so clearly so here's what uh would
be a good strategy for republicans to
win everything stop talking about
everything except this and every time
you have a conversation with the press
and every time you have a conversation
that any Democrat can hear say let me
ask you just one question what do you
think is the reason they don't want to
have voter ID there's only one reason
the other reasons are stupid and if you
believe what you were told that black
people can't get IDs well you're a
 racist and whoever told you is
too because there's no evidence of that
whatsoever that's purely racist so
you're not only a racist but you would
be favoring the people who clearly are
trying to do something illegitimate and
you know it and and just go from there
say Republicans want people who are
citizens to
vote that tells you everything you need
to know the Republicans want citizens to
vote and that we know that they really
are here and they're really voting for
you know they're eligible to
vote there is no second reason
for wanting no ID it's only to cheat
it's only to cheat there's no other
reason and if you say that enough I
think people will figure it out pretty
quickly because here's the thing
people people are fa fairly primed to
expect they're getting
screwed you know by companies by the
government we're all we all expect we're
getting screwed and when you say there
is literally no other reason for this
voter ID thing I think people's were
always getting screwed thing just clicks
in they go oh yeah that does sound
Mighty suspicious now they bring it up
it's a real easy sale it's a hard sale
to say that the Biden family did
something bad with
Ukraine let let me explain the total
sophistication of the American voter
when they're they're faced with the
Ukraine
situation what what yeah you see there
was this whole n work where Hunter set
up and his business purs said this and
there was a diamond that got lost and
you know was it not when he was in
office but there was some things in
office and then it was a phone call and
then the average voter
says what you can't you can't make a
sale with any of that basically all the
complicated stuff are just things that
people like you know you and I talk
about you the 1% who do this for a hobby
or or professionally like we care about
that stuff dig in a little bit and find
out who's who's who's right and who's
not but the average person doesn't know
anything about what's going on ask the
average person about the the Nuance of
whether Tik Tok should be
banned just the average person who who
knows you know a little bit about the
news but not a lot you you will hear the
most ridiculous opinions because they
don't understand the
Nuance but here's something they totally
understand there's only one reason that
that they're not requiring voter ID it's
so that they can rig the
election how how many normal citizens
can immediately understand that argument
all of them immediately 100% right away
and how many of them are already
primed to think that is the real reason
all of them they're all primed right now
a few of them are going to say oh I was
told by CNN that black people can't get
IDs but you could change their mind in
about a minute
find me one black person who can't get
an ID find an interview with One find a
survey anything F find me a link show
show me a guy who's on on video saying
yeah you know I've been black all my
life and I'll tell you every time I go
to get an ID I can't figure it out or I
can't afford it I don't know what to do
seems like all these white people got
these nice IDs but I can't figure out
how to get one no that doesn't
exist do you know why
because every black person like every
other person can get an ID and it was
never real so you can mock people for
believing something that even their own
team has no evidence
for that's different usually if you're
if you're debating climate change for
example you know both sides will show
their own preferred data oh my data says
yes oh my data says no but not in this
case not in this case there's no other
argument there's no data there's there's
no link there's no story there's no
witness there's not even a single person
not
one anyway everybody can f of that out
um end wokeness one of my favorite
follows on X uh did an experiment where
it asked the Amazon site for a list of
blackowned businesses presumably so you
could you know give them your support
and it gave a it gave you a list of
blackowned business is very
good if you'd like to support the black
owned businesses you've got a really
easy way to find them so then n Wok just
said huh let's see if Amazon will give
me a list of white owned businesses uh
no I said that would be too racist and
inappropriate and absolutely not you
kidding
me
so that's totally
okay now if you're not watching Elon
musk's comments he's going at each of
these little stories and just labeling
them
racist and and I think it's very
powerful when he does that because he
does concentrate attention they are all
racist these these are just racist
things they're racist because treating
the races
differently in a public way is as racist
as you could get there's no there's no
argument about
that um now let's see what else happened
uh the rabbit hole another good account
on X um he was uh Tweeting or posting
about uh newspapers mentioning the
murderer race so there have been some
surveys to find out when not just
newspapers but the media um how often do
they mention the race of the
murderer if it's white versus black
versus something else well here's the
numbers uh White offenders were
mentioned roughly one and a four
articles so for example one or four
times if it was a white person they'd
say a white man you know killed somebody
for
example but um if it was a black
offender only one time in
17 did the article mention the
race uh and if it's a Hispanic offender
only one in
33 would mention it was
Hispanic I'm not sure I understand that
difference
but and that of course is a super racist
as Elon Musk weighed in and said H yes
that's super racist because it
is all right uh Russia's Putin says uh
that he wouldn't use nuclear weapons in
Ukraine but he would be ready to use
them if Russia's existence is threatened
Now isn't that a nice vague statement
that makes you feel good so if I
understand this the only thing that
would prevent Putin from nuking me is
his own opinion and nobody else's just
his own opinion of whether uh Russia's
existence is threatened huh I wonder if
anybody in a political role has ever
used hyperbole or exaggerated a threat
to take control or gain some power over
something H well that's scary now I
don't believe that uh um Putin would use
a nuke because using a nuke would be the
riskiest thing that he could do for his
own life and for Russia
by far the riskiest uh and he's not
crazy he doesn't show signs of he
doesn't show signs of any Biden dementia
that I can see um I don't know about his
overall health but his mind seems sharp
and no I don't think there's any chance
he's going to use nukes it looks like he
just has to wait it out and grind Up the
Bodies until something happens I saw a
David Sachs who often is talking and
posting about why we should wind up the
war in Ukraine because we can't win
and he he posted today that people ask
him you know why does he keep going out
there and you know talking about this
and he said he was uh trying to wear
people down with the truth and then and
then the war will be
over now I love his attitude he's going
to wear people down with the truth and
then once we understand the real
situation we will all lock hands and uh
make a good decision
well I don't know I don't know if I live
in that
country do I do I live in a country
where a logical rational argument that
shows the real facts uh will change
people's
minds the answer is it depends who's
doing it it really depends who's doing
it I do think sax has changed people's
minds because he's credible and he's
good at what he does and you know his
arguments really strong so if anybody
could do it you know if it's doable
there's a very small group of people who
could make a difference but he might be
one of them he might actually be one of
the most persuasive people in the public
domain at the moment and so I certainly
welcome his uh his viewpoint on this it
seems it seems intended for nothing
except making the country better like
there there's no there's no way you know
it's just a financial thing it's not
just a political thing it looks like
just a a patriot trying to end a war and
knowing that the government can't do it
and he has to jump in that's what it
feels like to me it feels like people
who think oh damn it I've got this
Spider-Man problem that's what it is
it's the Spider-Man problem I think
elon's got the Spider-Man problem I
think David Sachs has the Spiderman
problem and I know I have the Spider-Man
problem you know the Spider-Man problem
with a great power comes great
responsibility so some people are
promoting things and advocating things
because they want to make some money or
make a name for themselves or be right
or you know a whole bunch of reasons for
why people do things but I can tell you
I feel this
deeply I feel that having taken care of
myself and the people close to me that I
have just an embedded built-in almost
genetic responsibility to take care of
the wider tribe you know the
country so I think that's what drives a
number of the people that I call the
internet dads um you know they're not
doing it for money that's for sure
because it's not good for their incomes
to be divisive even if they're trying to
help it ends up being divisive well
here's an interesting stat I don't know
if it's true but have you heard that 30
to 50% of the population doesn't have an
inner M monologue how many of you would
say that of yourself you don't have an
inner monologue like there's just a
voice that's talking all the
time I want to see if it looks like 30
to 50% of you have
that because I don't believe that I
think it's a smaller percentage I think
I think it's
real but I think it's smaller than
that yeah my head is like a it's like
the Star Wars bar scene it's like
every every damn thing happening in
there you know it's what Elan musk says
you wouldn't want to live in his head I
believe that I think there's a lot going
on in there and not everybody could
survive that
anyway so suppose it's true 30 let's say
there's some percentage let's take the
low number 30% of the population doesn't
have an inner mind Lo that's about the
same number just observationally you
know just my own opinion it seems like
about the same number as people who
can't tell a personal story I I've noted
this before there's some people who
can't tell a personal story you'd say ah
tell us about the time you succeeded at
something or tell us a story about the
you the most embarrassing moment you had
or something like that and there are
people who go H yeah yeah nothing really
I have nothing and I think that's weird
and then I've also noted a number of
times that you know I've given a lot of
um funny speeches in public probably
hundreds of them by this time and you
notice that no matter what you say or
how funny you are 30% of the audience
will just look at you and in my
experience 30% of the public literally
doesn't have a sense of humor like
actually literally don't have one and
they're faking it they're literally
faking it the way they fake it is first
of all they avoid entertainment that is
for humor so you invite your friend over
and say hey I've got this funny movie
you want to watch it in my house the
person who doesn't have a sense of humor
is just going to say they're
busy because what they can't say is I
don't even know what this humor thing is
I would just sit there and stare at it
I'm not going to be laughing because I I
don't know just doesn't work for me so
do you think it's all the same
people so I'm just going to throw this
hypothesis out there maybe it's not
three different groups maybe the group
that doesn't have an inner mind log
doesn't have a sense of humor and can't
tell a story because I feel they're all
related I feel like they're all
related
so uh now some would say that that would
be the number of NPCs the people who are
like effectively biological AI they're
just wandering around they don't have an
actual life because they don't have an
inner dialogue and they they don't even
laugh at things like ai ai wouldn't
laugh at anything but it might identify
there something thing is fits the form
of a joke but it wouldn't
laugh so it makes me suspect that we are
already at one-third
cyborgs uh battl Star Galactica style
you know the syons the syons and that
that's a battle star Galactic is a
famous sci-fi and part of the story was
that the PE some number of humans were
actually really really well done
Androids
so good you can't even tell it tell with
a medical exam feels like that I'm not
saying that's true it just feels like it
all right um apparently the Biden budget
that he's promoting for the country uh
would spend hundreds of millions to
train School teachers in
Dei isn't that just
reparations I I think we should stop
saying that reparations is a different
conversation from
Dei now the first thing you're going say
is Scott Dei is not just about the black
public you know Dei is about any groups
that are not getting a fair Shake in
society no that's not true I'm sorry if
somebody told you that if you took the
black population out of the Dei
conversation the whole thing fall
apart do you do you think that you could
get the women and the gays and the
Hispanics that' be powerful enough to
have Dei organizations I don't think so
I I think that the
uh the black population is the you know
the heart and soul of the Dei and then
the rest are sort of
freeloaders and I don't mean that as an
insult I mean I should say Free Rider a
free rider not a free loader free loader
is insulting I didn't mean it insulting
I mean that they just get the benefit of
being put into the disadvantaged group
but if there were no black people ever
in this country there would be no
Dei do you
agree and am I going too far or would
you agree that it just wouldn't be
happening except that the black public
is apparently powerful enough there's
enough people enough people support the
idea yeah so to me Dei is
reparations so I'm not in favor of
spending it in either case but if we're
going to spend it and it gets approved
I'm going to say that is reparations
because has the same
effect the effect of Dei um and the the
theoretical effect is that you just hire
U better but equally qualified people
from disadvantaged groups that that's
the theory the reality is that never
happens because it can't if it could
happen it would happen but it can't it's
like logically impossible just because
the numbers involved no not because of
Any genetic differences no not because
of Any racial differences no not because
of any any gender differences but just
there's not enough uh people who already
gone through the pipeline of training to
have enough of them for all the
companies that are scrambling to improve
their
diversity so given that it does seem to
me that the net effect is that white
people will be um kept out of jobs black
people will be promoted even when they
have lesser qualifications less
reparations and I would say that we've
had 30 years of it so far at least 40 I
think so probably 40 Years of Dei like
activ ity some you know in the old days
that was called reverse discrimination I
think it's already paid I think the bill
is
paid I decare the bill paid and the
reparations question put to
bed whether whether you like it or not
so I'm not saying I'm for it or against
it you know necessarily I'm just saying
it's already paid we don't have to talk
about it anymore all right let's talk
about Tik Tok Joe Rogan looked at the
terms of service this the scariest thing
you've ever seen so apparent apparently
you when you sign up for Tik Tok you
agree that they can basically have all
your information but
including your
keystrokes
including information on
devices that you don't use for Tik
Tok just hold that in your head for a
second if they can track your keystrokes
they know exact everything you're doing
all your passwords let me say it again
if they're tracking your
keystrokes they have your password into
every one of your accounts and you're
signing that away You're basically
signing to give your passwords
away because it would be legal it
wouldn't be legal to get into your
account but it's legal they have
them if you sign that so let's see what
else are they doing
um the the way they get into your other
devices is I think if you use one of
those logons where you
say um I'll use my Google log log on to
get into it I think that's what it's
saying then they could go to any device
that Ed to Google log on your completely
other devices and find out all your
activity and your other devices now it's
it's written so broadly that it couldn't
possibly be something you want associate
with So Yesterday um I started the
process to get a dedicated machine just
for Tik Tok so so I don't plan to look
at content because that would be crazy
because I don't want to get hypnotized
but um I am going to post on it because
it's not going
away and I'm going to post on it with a
dedicated separate machine that's not in
any way connected to anything else and
I'm definitely not going to use a
password that's used on any other device
I wouldn't even do
that um so us Intel the Director of
National Intelligence dni uh says that
China uses Tik Tock to impact us
elections he he says quote we cannot
rule out that the CCP would use it uh it
is extraordinary the degree to which
China are developing Frameworks for
collecting foreign data and their
capacity to turn around and use it to
Target
audiences um I guess Tik Tock accounts
run by a Chinese government propaganda
arm somehow we can tell who they are uh
targeted candidates from both political
parties during the midterms in 2022 so
that's our own intelligence people say
that China did use Bots I guess on Tik
Tok now what they don't say is that they
know that Tik Tok has you know pushed
the heat button but if they had Bots and
um and we know they were Bots it means
that Tik toon knew they were Bots and
didn't get rid of
them or not or didn't get rid of them
fast enough
all right
so um let's talk about this bill this uh
Tik Tock Bill to ban it so the first
thing you need to know is that Tik Tok
is not going to be banned and part of
the reason is the bill was
written it looks like it was written
intentionally not to be passed because
it would give um it would give the
ability for the government Well here
here's here's the setup tuer Carlson
gives us whole setup he posted today in
a classified briefing this afternoon
must have been yesterday uh attended by
officials from the binded justice
department uh AOC claimed that Elon
committed quote election interference in
2022 by quote changing the algorithms on
X to alter the results of the midterms
now all all he really did was get rid of
the
bias so she's saying that getting rid of
the bias altered the midterms and that
election interference now suppose you
took that to be true suppose you said
well that's a reasonable opinion AOC
totally reasonable that if somebody
changed something on their platform and
it affected the race well that must be
election
interference did you know that the
tiktock ban if passed would allow the
government to force the sale of any
social media platform that interferes in
elections so all all they would have to
do to take Tik Tock away from Twitter
from musk is to make the
claim the
claim that he's interfering with
elections I don't even think they have
to prove it in a court of law it looks
like it's just an
opinion who who in the world's going to
sign that the thing do you think
you can find enough people to sign this
they would basically say that the
government can take your social media
platform away if the government
says you're interfering with the
election now don't you think there was a
way to make this only about Tik Tock or
only about companies owned by
adversaries I'm pretty sure they could
have walled that off don't you think you
don't think they could have walled that
off and said let's let's make this only
apply to something controlled by a
foreign adversary pretty easy to do I do
not believe that our constitution bars
us from blocking aders Aries from doing
business in the United States I don't I
don't think any freedoms apply to the
Chinese
government so how did they get 50
bipartisan uh people to sign
it do you know how you get 50 people to
to um support a bill and this is
bipartisan both sides 100% of the people
in the committee do you know how you get
that to
happen you write some legislation that
nobody's ever going to
approve pretty easy to say yes to
something that nobody's going to sign
isn't it this is so not signable there's
no chance it's going to happen and there
are 35 billion other reasons it's not
going to happen which is a specific
gigantic donor to the Republican Party
who who's got $ 35 billion some say of
value in Tik Tock ownership and that's
enough money to make the government do
anything he wants you know that right
that's enough money to make the
government do anything you want
so he just want he just has to want it
and of course he does nobody wants to
lose $35 billion so yeah there's no
chance that the government is stronger
than $35 billion all focused in one
place well or let's say a billion
dollars because because he could burn a
billion dollars just to get what he
wants the government cannot
survive or or cannot stand up against a
billion dollars focused on any one
topic the government has no power over
that he has all the power so if he wants
he doesn't want it banned well that's
kind of the end of the story he has the
power to make it not happen so you
should expect a number of people who are
beholden to such um a a person who
contributes that much to the Republicans
uh you should expect them to have some
weird explanations of why they are
opposed to the
ban speaking of weird EXP ations for why
you'd be opposed to the band here's Rand
Paul he says reactionaries who want to
ban Tik Tok oh interesting if you want
to ban Tik Tok you're a reactionary huh
let let us examine the history of Rand
Paul and say does Rand Paul start an
argument with a
emotional uh insult
label is that is that his normal mode
does that look like what you're used to
because that's not the Rand Paul I'm
used to the one I'm used to usually
leads with a logical rational argument
and then challenges the government to
tell him what's wrong with it and then
they can't and that that's what makes
him Rand Paul what makes him Rand Paul
is not doing this he just called people
in his own party and the other party as
well
reactionaries you Rand Paul
you very
much yeah you don't need to insult
insult
me am I reactionary because I had that
opinion I've changed my opinion since
since Tik Tok can't be banned I don't
think there's any room for an
opinion it doesn't matter if I want it
to doesn't matter if I think it's a good
idea it's like Israel you can have an
opinion but
why that who and R is just going to do
what they whatever they can
do that they need to do anyway so uh
starting with reactionaries is a big red
flag that you're not going to take this
argument seriously and I would expect
that what you say next is not going to
be as logical as what we normally expect
from Rand Paul let's say he says the
reactionaries who want to ban Tik Tock
claim the data can't be secured because
the quote algorithm is China is in
China this is called a um what do you
call this a straw
man a straw man is where you
characterize the other people argument
in a stupid way have you ever heard
anybody say that I haven't because it
would be stupid nobody's going to say uh
that Tik Tock uh is can't be secured
because the algorithm is in
China who who would even say that that
doesn't even make sense from any like
technological standpoint no that's a
straw man so he started with an insult
and then a straw man is that Rand Paul
the you know now does Rand Paul give you
a straw man for a argument since
when I've never seen him do it I always
see him say things that make complete
sense
always but that's a bad way to start an
opinion let's see what else he says so
he says it's not true that the uh the
claim that the data can't be secured
because the algorithm in China here
here's the truth he says the truth is
the algorithm runs in the US in Oracle
Cloud where they're revie with the code
not China so in other words Oracle is
the only one that sees the algorithm
that runs in the United
States do you care what surver the
algorithm runs
on how how was that ever part of the
argument I don't care where it runs I
care what it does do you think that uh
do you think that there's an entity in
Oracle that understands the
algorithm so are you telling me that if
somebody at uh bite dance or Tik Tock
pushes the heat button literally it's
called The Heat button to boost the
signal of something do you think that
somebody over in Oracle is going to be
there they'll be doing their work it's
like ding ding ding ding hold on
somebody over in China pushed the heat
button and that signal came over to our
our server is over an Oracle and the and
and the alert is telling me that
something happened
no because the code would be working the
Way It Was Written it'd be working fine
it wouldn't be anything that they would
say do you think that the people in
Oracle can see
persuasion as it's embedded in in the
let's say the outcome of the product no
because you can't find it persuasion if
it's done right you can't find
it so this is an absurd
argument um and then he says maybe
should examine the
facts and then he says uh they want to
ban Tik Tock because it's owned by China
and Rand Paul says Tik Tok is not owned
by
China here's what Rand Paul says he says
60% of the company is owned by us and
international
investors 20% is owned by the company
Founders 20% is owned by company
employees including 7,000 Americans and
the CEO of Tik Tock is from Singapore
not
China so then ran Paul says so ask
yourself why they keep repeating this
lie to scare you so the LIE is that
technically China doesn't own
it that's what Rand Paul is arguing that
technically they don't own it the only
thing that they have is the ability to
tell the people who do own it exactly
what to do or their business will go
away do you think Rand Paul is
unaware that the government of China can
tell Tik Tok what to do and Tik tok's
damn well going to do it because the
penalty would be far too big do you
think he doesn't know that of course he
knows that everybody knows it so he's
going to argue like a lawyer instead of
a opthalmologist he's gonna he's going
to turn into a lawyer and argue the
technical details of who the ownership
is when the Chinese government can tell
it what it wants it to do and has to do
it do you really think that this
argument is what he actually
believes I can't read minds but let's
just say it's a little bit inconsistent
with the hyper rational person we've
known for years so whatever is going on
here has nothing to do with these
arguments because these are
stupid and he knows it it's the he knows
it part that bugs me right if I thought
he didn't know what he was doing it
wouldn't bother me at all but he knows
he
knows
so there's also reports that Rumble was
talking about either buying Tik Tok
maybe with other people I don't know how
they afford it um or or offering the new
Rumble Network they got a cloud Network
that will compete with the other big
clouds and uh so that they'd be willing
toh step up and and be part of that I
don't think that's going to
happen and uh I don't think that the ban
is
real would you like to hear a good
conspiracy
theory all right this is not based on
any
knowledge it's just if you have a
Suspicious Mind it looks like this here
are things we know uh there was a
planned public offering of Tik Tock that
the Chinese government said no to so Tik
Tok wanted to do an IPO and China said
no
well how's that possible how's that
possible when China doesn't even own
them how's that
possible I'm all confused Rand Paul Rand
Paul can you can you explain to me how
China told them they can't have an IPO
when they don't even own them don't they
know that 60% is owned by other
countries are they unaware that the
president is from
Singapore God the things that we're
being asked to believe it's just it's
just it's
you can't even hold it in your mind it's
so
crazy so we know that Tik Tok tried to
have a liquidity event meaning that
would be the beginning of a process in
which the biggest investors could get
their money out if they wanted to after
it went public but now that's not going
to
happen suppose and I don't know this to
be true but suppose it looks like
there's no time in the future you'll be
able to get your money out what's the
point of it investing if you can never
get your money
out how does that work like getting your
money out is really important to the
whole investment process right if you
never can get your money it's not really
an investment so we've got an an
American investor who's got some say $35
billion worth of um ownership of the Tik
Tock Company B Dance
Now is it
possible that a
again this is just fun conspiracy stuff
I have no evidence for this whatsoever I
just live in the real world and I've
seen lots of clever things happened that
were not obvious on the surface if I
were a billionaire and I could not get
my money out of Tik Tock because the
Chinese government said no you're not
going to do a IPO and I don't know one
will ever let you what I would do is I
would get my friends in Congress both
the Democrats and the Republicans i'
would make them sit down and say make me
a fake bill that looks like it could get
ped but make sure it
doesn't give me a fake bill that the
media will say is like a real ban but I
don't want it banned the only thing I
want is for the Chinese government to
say oh crap we better let them sell the
American business because otherwise Tik
tok's in trouble so we can get some
money out of it by letting them sell but
if the American Market goes away that
that's really going to be a problem
could it be that an investor or
investors are using the ban only as
leverage to get China to agree to let
bite dance divest the American Market
could it be that the biggest investor I
think his name is yes y SS could it be
that the real play is for him to own his
own American social media company that
is the piece of uh bite Dan's Market
that had been theirs take it with them
in return for um let's say China keeping
his $35
billion so could he for let's say $35
billion own the
entire uh part of bite dance that ran in
America would that make him an Elon Musk
kind of a billionaire so he would not
only have other business but like Jeff
Bezos and like other rich people Carlos
Sims um rert Murdoch it's always good to
own a big Media company if you
can so if you start with the assumption
that if you're smart enough to own $ 35
billion dollar worth of bite dance
you're also smart enough to figure out
all the different ways you can
capitalize on that and if the
possibility of monetizing it was
completely impossible because he would
never be able to get in a liquidity
event well he might have found a work
around so the perfect situation would be
that we pretend that uh there's going to
be a ban every and you get uh 50 people
to act like it's a sure thing and then
uh it gets carved off and then there's a
billionaire who leans
Republican who leans Republican because
he's he's known to be funding um
Republicans in a big way
you would have in this country instead
of a left-leaning social media company
you would have a not necessarily right
leaning but certainly closer to the
middle um and it would completely neuter
the political impact of Tik Tock and
give one person one of the most valuable
Pro properties in the
world now could he do that with the help
of let's say the rumble Network well if
you've got Oracle that can already
handle some hosting stuff you've got the
rumble Network that would give you the
capacity all you need then is
approval all you need is approval
because I think you can handle the money
doesn't look like money is going to be a
problem all you need is the
approval so I'm not going to say that
that's likely or that anybody had that
plan but uh every every single bit of
evidence suggests it would you agree
would you agree that all all evidence
suggests that the the ban is not real
and it must be part of a you know a
bigger plan that's what it looks
like anyway
um so um looks like Haiti is going to
have some Mass migration coming our way
and here's my question um you know that
we've heard reports that there are
cannibals in Haiti which by the way I'm
not sure is real and if it is real I'm
not sure it's more than you know one or
two people so I don't think Haiti is a
big old cannibal country but I'm going
to use this story just as a as a u
mental
experiment suppose you knew that 3% of
the migrants were going to be
cannibals you don't know what
3% but you're pretty sure that you know
there's enough cannibals over there that
3% might be would you say that mass
migration would be a good idea if uh you
didn't know which ones but 3% of them
probably
cannibals and if 3% is okay and you say
yourself you say to yourself well
honestly 3% is a low number you know 3%
of any population is going to be bad
people in one way or another so why
would you discriminate against the
Haitians who really need a hand they're
in a bad way uh when when their ratio of
cannibals is no worse than anybody's
ratio of murders and
whatever and I would say okay that's
reasonable you're trying not to be
racist and uh I like your argument it's
good of you to not be racist but suppose
I up that percentage now I tell you it's
10% cannibals it's not 10% cannibals
we're just doing a mental experiment
what if it's 10% cannibals
now do you say well you know what 10% of
people who are in America are not so
good either so it'd be kind of racist to
say this one group or worse because
their 10% kills people and we got a
bunch of people who do bad things to
rapists and
Killers so you know then people start
disagreeing at that but what if it's
20% what if 20% of them were known
cannibals
yeah we keep talking about yes or no
these all these questions should be
percentage it shouldn't be yes no keep
the southern border open it's not a yes
no
question how how about we say if if we
can't certify that the number of people
coming in are as safe as the people
already here you don't do it I don't
know if we could do that is the crime
rate of the people coming in better or
worse than the ones who are already
here if we can't certify that it keeps
us at least as safe seems like that'd be
a good reason not to do it all right the
her testimony was fun and funny and I
watched it way too much yesterday um the
Republicans and the Democrats saw two
different movies on one screen the
Republicans saw this uh that Biden was
proven guilty and for many decades
having all kinds of locations with
classified documents he clearly knew it
was wrong and he even said it on an
audio recording so it's a slam dug case
he's proven guilty and the only reason
he wasn't prosecuted is because the
prosecutor special prosecutor special
counsel whatever he is uh her determined
that he was
uh that they that he couldn't
necessarily convince a
jury that Biden had intent because
Biden's too scile now I'm using the word
scile her didn't use that but there
that's the Republican version that the
crime is there and the only reason he's
not being prosecuted is that his brain
doesn't
work and I believe every Republican
heard that would you agree do you think
every Republican has that interpretation
I think so but what did the Democrats
hear they heard that uh Biden was
exonerated by the
report so so they're on television
saying saying he's exonerated so what
does some like CNN do when they knew
when they know that Biden is just
toast but they can't agree with the
Republicans they know they can't agree
with the
Republicans what they did was they would
bring on people who were willing to lie
and just didn't challenge it I was I was
watching poor Anderson Cooper he brings
on some democrat who just said the most
outrageously obviously untrue stuff
about it and and and he didn't challenge
it he just let it stand so the funny
part is that the hosts are completely
aware of the whole story right it's
their job and they know that Biden broke
the law uh at least in terms of the uh
having the classified information he
broke it way more than Trump did Trump's
got the extra obstructing justice
problem that uh Biden doesn't
have
but the the actual testimony and the
evidence that her did and even the
Democrats are saying her looked pretty
credible so by the way let me give a
compliment to the special
counsel um you know I spent so much time
just insulting people who doing bad
jobs that I feel like I should stop and
say he did a great job am I am I
wrong that her really made I think he
made the country proud um I don't think
that was biased I I I think that both
sides have people who are saying yeah
this was a serious good job good job you
don't get to say that too often good job
all right so really appreciate it as a
citizen of the country I personally
appreciate the good work that her
did now um he does her did say very
clearly we did not exonerate anybody we
don't use that word in the report uh
but the difference of was he exonerated
or was he proven guilty seems to hinge
on the reason he was not charged and the
Democrats are trying to tell you
gaslighting you basically that the
reason he wasn't charged is they didn't
find any evidence of crimes and the real
reason he wasn't charged is that not
only is he guilty of the crimes but he's
also guilty of being
 so he's basically guilty of two
things so her found him guilty of having
a defective brain and doing a
crime and the and the Democrats are
telling Their audience that that's
exonerated no that's two problems one is
you did the crime and you knew it and
you knew it everybody agrees he knew it
that's not the issue the problem is that
the jury would see him as so feeble that
they wouldn't get a conviction and
there's no point in wasting everybody's
time so that's the the insufficient
evidence that her refers to is there's
insufficient evidence that Biden knew
what he was
doing not insufficient evidence that it
happened and that it was illegal only
insufficient evidence that a jury would
believe he understood what he was
doing that to me that's guilty
twice am i counting wrong to me that's
guilty twice once guilty of having a bad
brain just like we suspected and once
guilty of doing a whole bunch of crimes
involving classified
stuff now there was one little uh point
that was fascinating in how two sides
see it so apparently there exists an
audio recording of Biden talking to his
biographer and telling the biographer
that he went and got some classified
documents and he was showing them to him
but apparently if the only evidence you
have is the
audio you can't really know if the
document he showed him was
classified it might have been sitting
next to some classified documents but it
could have been in the Box they had some
classified and some not so when he said
it was classified did he know that they
were classified or did he just take him
out of a box of classified documents but
the one he had maybe not so
classified now that's the sort of
Distinction that her is making when he
anticipates what a defense would be if
it went to court and the defense would
be well technically you just heard an
audio recording of people talking well I
guess that's true did anybody see this
document well no does it say classified
on it we don't know he was just talking
about it so I agree with her that even
though it seems to us that you know it's
just a confession on audio how how clear
could it be I could see how a lawyer
could lawyer that away so I actually
agree with him that that was a weakness
in their ability to get any kind of
prosecution uh we do know Biden lied
when he said I did not share a
classified information I did not with my
ghost riter well I guess you could still
You could argue he didn't lie if you say
it's not confirmed that it was really
classified it's only confirmed that he
said it it's only confirmed that he said
it and since he says things that are not
true all the
time it's a weird defense he says things
that are not true all the time
all
right
um so uh did you notice that the fact
Checkers all disappeared during the her
testimony and the
coverage can you imagine not having your
fact
Checker checking the facts of all the
Democrats who just lied on live
TV yeah so
anyway
um so uh representative of Ken Buck of
Colorado he's going to resign early he's
not even going to wait for the election
and that will make the razor thin
majority of the Republicans so it's very
risky for him to leave early and he said
uh we've taken impeachment we've made it
a social media issue as opposed to a
constitutional one this place just keeps
going down I don't really don't really
want to spend my time
here so what would you call
somebody who becomes part of the
system but then but then he rejects
it what would be a good name for
somebody like that so he's he's uh his
name is his actual name is Ken
buck and he's somebody
who can Buck the
system to leave
early I wonder if he'll fly almost
United when he goes
home yeah he can he can Buck the system
and there he is he's bucking it sure
enough well fonny Willis we're going to
get a the judge is going to decide
whether funny should be removed from the
case because of her undisclosed romance
were not disclosed accurately romance
with the guy who she hired and gave too
much money to be the
prosecutor now the interesting thing is
if she's taken off then it would I guess
leave it would leave her jurisdiction
and they'd have to find another place to
do the trial which is not so easy
because most other places might be more
Rural and have far less resources to do
a major thing like this but the other
possibility that somehow I just hadn't
thought about but it's obvious once once
you read it is that another prosecutor
could decide not to take the
case so it the the way that this could
end is that uh fonny is taking off the
cas it's you know it's it's presented to
another prosecutor and the other
prosecutor says you know I don't think
there's enough here what happens if it
goes to a non Soros funded
prosecutor I think it has to go to a
Soros funded prosecutor or Trump walks
what do you think so that's an actual
possibility the just another prosecutor
will say ah
n could happen all right ladies and
gentlemen that concludes the best live
stream of the day I hope you found some
value in that I'm going to say uh bye
now and um I wonder if I can click off
individual let's see if I can do this I
want to see if I can close individual
platforms
whoa nope that didn't I clicked on
something it took me to the feed of the
other thing so here's our current total
we got uh 1.6 th000 on Rumble
H holy cow I have more people on Rumble
watching this than on
YouTube oh no uh more than on locals on
YouTube it's 4,000 all right well there
you
go all right ladies and gentlemen uh
I'll do the man cave tonights for the
people on the locals make sure you sign
up to see Dilbert comic either on the
xplatform subscription or that and lots
more and political content on
locals Scott adams. locals.com you see
10,000 watching on X oh wow uh X doesn't
give me a number of users oh but the the
numbers on X are I don't know if they're
live or just somebody who watched it
once that might be somebody who just
spent a minute looking at it can't tell
all right that's all for today go have a
great day I'll talk to you tomorrow same
place same
time