[Music]
anybody here from YouTube yet any
YouTubers
here we got locals in the house we've
got Rumble for
sure still waiting to uh check in in my
beloved YouTubers and Rumblers anybody
here yet
Bo there we go YouTube and now that
means Rumble must be here by now well
congratulations and welcome to the best
thing that ever happened to you it's
called coffee with scottt Adams and I
don't think there's ever been a better
time in your life if you'd like to take
it up to levels that oh even Elon Musk
can't reach with his Rockets all you
need for that is our CER marker glass of
tanker chalice D the canteen Jugger
flask of vessel of any kind
fill it with your favorite liquid I like
coffee and join me now for the
unparallel pleasure of the dopamine end
of the day the thing makes everything
better it's called the simultaneous Sip
and it happens now
go
delightful well here's a little update
on my adventures with
ai ai has a serious last inch problem
the last F inch means that you can do
almost everything you want to do except
for just maybe one thing and it's the
one thing that's necessary to make your
everything else useful let me give you
an example so I've been using two
different AIS chat GPT 440 to make
what's called a GPT like an app made
from chat
GPT and also
Deli so in both cases I'm trying to make
a little agent that will answer
questions on my behalf and in both cases
they let you upload files which they can
refer to for their specialized
answers
but if you if you use chat GPT and ask
it for uh a link it will give you a
non-clickable
link in 2024 it provides a link that you
can't click now it will if you if you
give it the link yourself it'll make it
clickable but if it does its own work
and presents the link it won't make it
clickable and apparently it's not just
me some massive problem everybody's
complaining about so imagine imagine a
piece of software in
2024 that returns links but can't make
them
clickable that's a real thing and it
doesn't look fixable that's the weird
thing that there's no work around you
just just can't make it produce a
clickable link it'll give you the text
but it won't be
clickable and it'll even show you that
the the HTML is correct the hyperlink
everything everything's correct same as
this other links it just won't let you
click on them I don't know why and so
then in on
Deli there's a different issue you you
refer it to a file in my case it's got a
bunch of dates and the links that apply
to the comics and it it can't understand
and what's in the
file so somehow it trains on it but it
doesn't see it in detail I don't really
understand that so I've got one that
can't read a file and one that can't
present a clickable
link and and for my application I need
both of those things so so far AI has
been only this every AI experience that
I've seen or heard about is this it
looks like it would do something amazing
and if you demo it that's a great demo
and if you see somebody else doing a
thing you think wow it does things but
you can't make it do a
thing it almost it's almost there and I
think these are all fixable problems
right I think Deli will have theirs
fixed in no time I think Chad GPT has to
fix it it's such an obvious bug but at
the moment you really can't make it do
anything so here's what you can't trust
trust it to do you can't trust it with
facts because it hallucinates right you
can't ask it to look in a file that has
facts because it doesn't always do it
you can't tell it to give you a link
because it won't be
clickable those are some pretty basic
things that doesn't do right
now all right
um here's a story that sounds like an
evergreen story now so there's yet
another story about yet another
manipulation of the uh Earth's
temperature record this time in the UK
they're making more adjustments where
they adjust it lower in the past so they
can adjust it for higher in the future
or the present I guess and then they can
make it look like the temperatures are
going up and I'm not going to get into
the details of what's being claimed and
what they can and cannot do let me just
say it this way let me let me summarize
all of climate change
science for you you ready for this this
is what I do for living I'm a I'm a
summarizer cartoonists basically take
big complicated things and they they
boil it down to its simplest little
stupid truth here's the truth about
climate
change anyone who thinks we humans can
measure the temperature of the Earth has
never had a job that involved measuring
anything it's not a thing
if you've ever had a job any job in any
industry that involved measuring things
I I don't even care what the things are
could be temperature but it could be
anything we can't measure things in the
real
world it's not even a thing that it to
argue whether they have or have not done
it is the wrong argument first you'd
have to you'd have to establish that
anybody's ever done it counting things
accurately it's not a thing in the real
world people can't count things it's
never happened we even our votes have
you ever noticed this does this ever
bother you that whenever there's a
recount or an audit of a
vote the the recount never matches the
original vote have you ever noticed that
it never does ever it's always off by a
few to which I say how did they miss the
few like what was wrong with the system
that it's not
100% how could it ever not be 100% like
what are they doing that you could ever
get a different count on the recount
ever like
ever so in the real world we can't count
things nothing can be counted accurately
in the real world it's just a fact uh
likewise we just had three months of uh
what was it I housing or something it
was just revised downward
do you think the GDP is measured
accurately do you think inflation is
measured accurately do you think we can
tell if jobs are going up or down do you
think we know if the Biden
Administration did well in jobs or
poorly no every single number that
matters is we can't measure
anything important and never have been
able to it's always been an illusion we
cannot measure anything accurately we
can just get you to believe it's been
accurate that's it that's
it and I know it sounds extreme but I
would like to uh I would like to refer
you to anybody you know who's ever been
involved in any kind of a job where
they're supposed to measure things you
just ask them do you think we can
measure things and count things in the
real world we
can't well the super siiz me guy you
remember Morgan splu he did this um
documentary called suis me and he just
uh ate at McDonald's every day for 30
days and then he recorded how bad his
his vitals were so it was bad for his
health and he he got fat and he got I
don't know high blood sugar and bad
cholesterol and everything else only
took 30 days well he died at age 53 from
complications of cancer now does that
mean that eating McDonald's killed him
no that was a while ago does it mean
that he continued eating unhealthily and
it killed him well that I don't know I
don't know maybe but here's what here's
my comment on it the cause and the fact
are you can't be established but it's a
really bad day for
McDonald's the their first bad day is
when this movie was released hey by the
way if I eat at your your joint for 30
days my health Goes to Hell that's a bad
day for McDonald's the second bad day is
when he dies at 53 now I know I just
told you I'm not saying it's connected
but we're only talking about branding
and marketing and you know how people
feel about
things I think McDonald's is the The
Entity that are more sad than his family
no that's not true I'm exaggerating but
McDonald's is having a bad day have I
ever told you the food is poison
our food supply is
poison so this sounds like a a joke but
I this is real I'm going to read this
just the way I read it I promise you
it's real it's just going to sound like
I made it up
okay from ABC News Boeing is now aiming
for its first astronaut launch at the
beginning of June officials said
intensive reviews indicate that the
Starliner capsule can safely fly two
test pilots to the International Space
Station despite a propulsion system
leak wait
what what
so so Boeing the company that's most in
the news for you know mechanical
problems alleged mechanical problems in
their planes they going they've got a
spaceship they're going to send two two
astronauts up into space and despite uh
we' got a little propulsion system leak
now I'm no rocket
scientist but if you told me that Boeing
was going to send somebody up in a leaky
rocket I would say that sounds about
right how in the world is that a true
story it just doesn't feel like it could
possibly be true but it is
and the next story now you can buy your
own humanoid humanoid robot for
$116,000 uh unit Tre is the company it's
the G1 now it's like a 4 foot tall cheap
robot that nobody thinks it can do you
know let's say what a Tesla robot will
be able to do in a year so it's a it's
sort of a special needs
robot instead of the the really good
robot that will go do some work for you
I feel like this is going to be a
little a special needs robot it's going
to be four feet tall it won't be able to
lift anything reach anything or do
anything it'll be like can you please
reach the carrot on on the countertop
and push it closer to
me all right here's the carrot thank you
can you hand me a knife
oh here's the knife
thank you can you explain to me what a
carrot is come on come
on it's going to be special needs robot
all day
[Music]
long I'm gonna I'm gonna wait for the
Tesla robot thank you I don't think I'll
be jumping in on the on the discount
[Music]
[Laughter]
robot and when when Bri AI launches his
uh new AI sex
toy I would say buy that one it sounds
like it's going to be the deluxe model
what you don't ever want to get is the
discount AI sex
[Laughter]
toy I don't even have the joke for that
yet but just the fact that there could
be a
discount the inexpensive version of the
AI sex toy
[Laughter]
cuz you know people are going to try to
have sex with their robots and
somebody's going to get the special
needs $16,000 robot it's just not going
to go
well that's all I can
afford somebody's going to get to like
the sugar baby robot oh my God future's
going to be f
anyway I think I mentioned this before
there's a bunch of billionaires in
Silicon Valley who are trying to build
uh they're collecting up a whole bunch
of farmland and they want to build a uh
town of the future you know where you
can walk and everything's good and cheap
and everything so uh I'll I'll tell you
this a million times and i' I've been
saying it since they started this in
2017 that the future is building cities
from
scratch there's just no way around it
our current ities are basically gone
they'll just turn into concrete prisons
eventually but people are going to have
to build new cities and I do think that
each of the Cities will have themes
because it Mak sense for example or
maybe a community within a city I could
imagine that there'd be a community in
which people had kids around the same
age which would make everything
easier uh I can imagine communities
around special interests you know they
like to do the same things but what I
would like is a sanctuary
City I want to build a city with no
Dei just make it illegal that
everything's Merit now I would go live
there and and it could be as diverse as
you want it to be you just can't have
Dei so would that be legal would it be
legal to have a sanctuary City away from
the control of my government and the bad
influence of Dei and reparation
I would want to go somewhere where
reparations and Dei could never be a
thing is there anything wrong with that
and it wouldn't no it wouldn't be
segregation because everybody would be
allowed to live there
and no you know no nobody would be
disallowed for race or anything like
that of
course all right well that's what I want
I want a sanctuary City and by the way
I'm completely serious I'm 100% serious
that we need a sanctuary
City uh Elon M talking about WhatsApp
there's a uh new information that
WhatsApp uh exports your user data every
night so apparently there's a whole
bunch of data that your WhatsApp uh
downloads to you know the meta company
at night now it doesn't say download
your
messages but if they're using if they're
using your WhatsApp app
activity to determine what to Market to
you in other words you're using it for
advertising data how could it not
include your
messages exactly what kind of data would
be useful to meta if it didn't include
the content of the
messages the only thing you'd know is
what who send a message to whom and when
that's all you know would they really
need that
it seems to me that if there's a large
bunch of WhatsApp data that's getting
downloaded to the headquarters every
night what could that data be if they're
using it for marketing I mean if they're
using it to determine what to advertise
to you it's got to be your
messages
right so I there there's something about
this story that doesn't make sense
because I'm having trouble believing it
would be true that they were just right
in front of every body that would
download all your messages that you
thought were encrypted but maybe not so
much is that what's happening so I'm
going to say there might be maybe some
fakeness to the story there might be
some data downloaded but maybe it's not
exactly the messages I guess I wait for
meta to say what's
up that one's suspicious in the fake
news category it's a little suspicious
but it's not out of the question like if
you told me that they've been secretly
reading all your your messages forever
I'd say well can't say it was UN you
know
unexpected so there's a an an influencer
Tik Tock guy who went to some
anti-israel protests and offered a $100
for anybody could could answer simple
questions about the
situation and it looks like maybe nobody
collected that there wasn't a single
protester who had a basic knowledge of
what they were protesting about
none not a single protester was aware of
the basics of the situation such as
where is that River and where's that sea
and what's between them stuff like
that
um so here's what I
say remember I told you that identity is
your strongest persuasion except for
fear these students are using uh um
identity to be turned into these
protesters in other words they identify
with the other people who are also
protesting or they identify with that
point of view and so they say hey yes
I'm one of those people who were like
that so they joined the protest so you
would never join a protest of people who
were who you didn't want to be
associated with even if you agreed with
them so let's say uh there was a protest
of morons against
pollution would you join it you might be
against pollution but you don't want to
join morons against pollution because
you're not a so your identity
would be more persuasive than the fact
that you also agree about reducing
pollution but think now about these
students their their involvement is
clearly not about understanding the
topic that's been proven Beyond a doubt
they don't understand the topic so why
are they there just identity that's it
they they just want to be associated
with the new woke thing or their friends
are doing whatever so how can you talk
them out of it uh
mockery
mockery so that their identity becomes
idiots right now their identity is uh
well anti-semites but they don't care
they don't care if they're identified as
anti-semites because that's sort of what
they're
for so you have to change them into some
identity they can't
handle and don't Lock and Load instead
Mock and Meme and so this influencer who
is doing the mockery became very viral
more of this you should just do it all
day long just you should do one about
how many hoaxes people believe do one
about trying to explain anything about
reality just keep doing this mock mock
mock
all
right um of course as you might expect
there was a bunch of chia no some
illegal aliens who are chians were found
outside a special forces officer's
home uh uh near a military base and they
had telephoto lens on their camera does
any of that sound good to
you who knows what that's really about
but don't you assume that there are
massive numbers of terrorists were in
our country now because the Border was
open you assume that's true
right now I remind you that I've got a
book I'm about ready to announce and
it's a combination of of some of my
older books that were gigantic hits in
the past God de in the religion War now
the religion War there it's combined
into one book plus a new short story so
the religion War talks about having
embedded terrorists in places all over
the country and that when they all start
to do their thing at the same time
collectively it could be really really
bad I don't see any possibility that's
not the
future it looks like we opened the
border and all the bad guys said oops
this might not last forever so we better
get all of our our uh spies into the
country and are terrorists now and they
can wait around until they're ready to
do something if if Iran did not send
their worst people through the Border
what are they doing I mean Iran is a
very capable country even if you don't
like what they're capable of they're not
going to not send somebody here do you
think China was not going to send people
through the Border do you think Russia
was not going to send anybody through
the open
border it would be you know their entire
intelligence people should be fired if
they didn't send anybody through so the
only question I would have is how
many you know is it hundreds or is it
thousands could there be thousands of
terrorists who are all going to act at
the same time under whatever
conditions I don't think we're at a
place where they would act yet but you
could imagine let's say if there was a
an attack on Iran proper you could
imagine a 100 cities catching on fire
all at the same time
unfortunately so um so that's bad there
was a Libertarian convention which
interestingly V ramaswami went to
because his take is that Republicans
need the libertarian votes RFK Jr was
there too working that crowd and let's
see one of the things RFK Jr said there
at the libertarian party convention was
um on the first day in office he's going
to do what Trump should have done he
says uh pardon Edward Snowden and drop
all the charges against Julian
Assange now I'm in favor of that because
our government has told not told me why
I shouldn't
be not with any persuasive
information so I agree with it even if
they have done something that I wish
they hadn't because if my government
won't tell me what they're guilty of in
a persuasive way then no you don't get
to put him in jail no no no transparency
or nothing right you don't get to say we
have secret evidence they did secret bad
things right you're going to have to do
better and since it's clear that they at
least to me it's clear they were trying
to do something that would be useful to
the people of the United
States I'm a little more concerned about
the people who are trying to Jail the as
being the criminals but there's a lot we
don't know about this
story Senator Utah Senator Mike Lee was
complaining on the xplatform that he's
still being suppressed and that uh
conservatives are periodically being
throttled and Elan musk said well
neither conservative nor Progressive
should be throttled and he'll
investigate but what's interesting is
that musk was open to the allegation
so instead of saying we don't do that I
fixed that long ago he said I'll
investigate now at this point first of
all um Utah Senator Mike Lee would be
considered credible right he's not a
crazy guy so if he says my impression is
that conservatives are being
throttled Elon should take that
seriously because it's coming from
credible Source now it's my impression
that it's happening to me as well how
how many of you are having the
impression again just anecdotal that
there's still something happening on X
with some types of
uh
content I see somebody saying that Peter
Navaro will be released in July is that
right he gets out before the
election
good but he's still in jail
apparently he's doing okay because he he
he wants to serve his
time and that is so
gangster I think Peter Navaro is being
weaponized in a way that the bad guys
are going to be really really
sorry all right yeah I'm seeing lots of
people saying that they think they're
being suppressed I think some of my
posts are being suppressed CU I'm
reasonably good at guessing what things
can go viral and things that normally
you know I'd be right for and a five
times are routinely not going viral and
it does look like it's being throttled
compared to where it was even a year ago
so it feels like it but it's also
possible that the algorithm is just
maybe favors things that advertisers
want to be paired with which which gets
you to a bad place so I'm glad he's
investigating I do think there's
something to it but I can't say for 100%
sure there's something wrong with it but
sure seems like it sure seems like it
all right um the January 6 committee the
Democrats there say they fear jump Trump
will uh jail
them to which I say of course he should
jail them now Trump himself should not
be jailing anybody but shouldn't the
Department of Justice jail them for what
we all see are very obvious CRI I mean
if if it's true as the amuse account
says that they uh encrypted and then
deleted more than a terabyte of evidence
including the video
depositions did they intentionally
ignore uh testimonies and documents that
would have been exculpatory of course
they did was the purpose to uh change
the government yes it was very obviously
did they use uh fraud and corruption to
try to do that yes right in front of us
very
obviously so are you telling me none of
that's illegal it's not illegal to run a
coup right in front of the
country yeah they should be in
jail absolutely and and I'll say it
again uh you know the Biden people are
afraid that uh that the I know Trump and
mega people will try to get
revenge revenge is not the thing you
want to get rid of
revenge is the backbone of our system
the backbone of all civilization is that
if you do something
bad somebody's going to come you
up you can't lose that that's necessary
for the the well-being of the country so
yes revenge and the and the motivating
feeling that it gives you drives
everything good right now we we can lie
and say oh we're putting you in jail to
rehabil itate you no we're not nobody's
getting rehabilitated in jail or we
could say oh we're putting you in jail
to you know keep you away from the
public well I mean that's a benefit but
no it's Revenge it's Revenge every time
because that's the only thing that
motivates us we're motivated by
it that's why the justice system is so
you know well funded and gigantic we
really like to get our revenge if
somebody hurts us we want the government
to go hurt them back and hard
so no revenge is not to be um as long as
the revenge is based on a real offense
you don't want to be making up some
revenge for over nothing so I'm not in
favor of that you know I'm not in favor
of political Revenge I'm only in favor
of if somebody broke a broke a law and
somebody was victimized yeah somebody
should be sent to them up and it
should be the justice system it should
all be under the rules of law
so yes more Revenge more of the time but
certainly the January 6 people I think
it's just obvious they belong in
jail uh likewise a lot of people
involved with the pandemic uh I won't
name names but clearly some of the
pandemic people belong in jail I I don't
think anybody's going to argue with
that well Chuck Schumer just uh
validated every conspiracy theorist
belief about the open border he says
straight up we're not producing enough
children so we got to bring in people to
become the new Americans we got to make
them all Americans let them vote
um would you call this replacement
Theory some are saying but he just
admitted replacement Theory well I would
say it's more like addition
Theory I I think he's saying
clearly we're going to add people people
because if we don't add people we're
going to naturally subtract them from
lack of reproduction and when we add
them they'll be you know obviously fewer
white people as a ratio in the United
States but the but but it's it's not
it's completely transparent now it I
have the weirdest um reaction to things
that are transparent which is even when
I don't like
them I don't feel as mad as as long as
everybody's being honest about it yes we
are bringing these people in because we
don't have enough people yes we want
them to vote Yes we think they'll be
mostly
Democrats believe it or not it makes me
feel better not
worse at least they're saying exactly
what they're doing and that and that
gives you a basis from which you could
criticize it maybe change some laws but
at least it's plain and it's out there
now but I think calling it replacement
Theory goes too far in my view I think
it's addition Theory they're trying to
add until the added people are more
important than the people who are here
you know relative to the political
situation so you don't have to like it
but you can at least appreciate the
transparency of
it um and then then you can decide what
to do with it once you understand it
well well Judicial Watch filed a class
action lawsuit about
reparations um in Evon Illinois so they
have some kind of program there where
they use race as the eligibility
requirement for reparations so uh good
job Judicial Watch um suing over
reparations there should be a lawsuit
every time there's reparations
everywhere for the same
reason um the only way you'll ever stop
the reparations is a lawsuit every time
every everywhere every time and it
probably has to come from some
centralized Source like Judicial
Watch meanwhile uh Aon sarum is
reporting on X that uh the dean of UCLA
Medical School is
denying the news reports and allegations
that they were using racial standards
for uh acceptance and he says that it
was based on
Merit everything's based on Merit do you
believe
that yeah do you believe that that their
uh their
admissions that went heavily for more
Dei do you think that was all based on
Merit of course
not that's ridiculous that's just a pure
lie yeah I don't have to even look at
the details do you you don't have to
look at any details to know that's just
a boldfaced lie sort of the Mark Cuban
approach well we thought they were all
qualified no you
didn't yes we did just look at these
good scores and well these are way lower
than you usually require well yes the
scores are much lower than we usually
require but if you look at the totality
of things they're qualified so it's
really about their
qualifications to which I
say compared to what not compared to how
you used to do it which was to take the
best people yeah but they're still good
enough but that's not the argument is it
the argument is not whether they pass
some minimum standard which by the way
you just
lowered the question is are you in the
same quality you used to obviously no so
Dei is uh uh being let's say treated the
way it should be treated reparations are
being law
suited uh and wokness tells us that in
law
schools uh let's see so here's what
Biden has uh done so Biden's 200 federal
judges 37% are white 42% are Hispanic
and black and 14%
Asian but as n Wok points out the ls
LSAT
scores uh that were 170 or above I guess
that's a good score uh 83% are white 15%
Asian and 1.6% Hispanic and. 3% black so
Hispanic and black were um I guess
combined under 1% scored up in that
higher level and yet the
42% were Hispanic and black there's no
other way to look at this other than
incompetence there is going to be a
major incompetence bubble coming from
doctors and
lawyers and
um possibly Boeing mechanics but that's
just an
allegation yeah the the incompetence
bubble is just going to be enormous so
this is another reason to create a DI
Dei free City if you could possibly go
somewhere where your judges and your
doctors were not Dei hires you at least
won't go to jail for nothing and you at
least won't die in the hospital
as
often even Charlamagne the God is
calling out the hypocrisy in Joe Biden's
morouse speech he went on Megan Kelly by
the way let let me give a shout out
again Megan Kelly's just killing
it I I I like watching Megan Kelly's you
know she had some issues with Fox and
then her next career after that so she
builds her own thing and it's sort of a
world beater at the moment I mean she's
doing the best I think some of the best
stuff about the election is coming out
of her podcasts so uh if you're not
watching Megan Kelly you're missing a
lot anyway so Charlamagne is sort of
anti- Joe Biden because he he thinks
that Biden was not good for the black
community and nobody likes that if if
you vote for Joe Biden you ain't you
ain't black thing now uh now Charlotte
Maiden says if you vote for Joe Biden
you ain't smart
uh I saw a number of people interviewed
at the Trump rally in the
Bronx and a number of the uh black
people were interviewed said that uh the
the Charlamagne interview with Joe Biden
where Biden said uh if you if you don't
vote Democrat you ain't black apparently
that really bothered a lot of
people so a number of people said that
first it's like the first thing they
thought of I was surprised that that had
as much impact as it does all right so
um CNN says
uh president Trump is trending toward
the best performance for a republican
decade among Hispanic voters in two
decades and on top of that he's gaining
with all non-white voters now that's a
CNN feature like they they made a point
of it saying that Trump is gaining with
uh all minority
voters there's a trend development in
that I will develop in a little bit here
the CNN is actually aiming for the
middle on this one I won't go I won't
say that they're backing Trump but
there's a really clear narrative change
as CNN where they're going after Biden
when it makes sense and they're
saying true things about Trump once in a
while which I haven't expected in a long
time now compared to MSNBC MSNBC is just
a dumpster fire of mental illness but
CNN apparently has some kind of
management guidance to be a real news
entity for a
while so keep an eye on that there might
actually I've said this once before and
was completely wrong but it looks like
they might actually want to be hitting
that middle ground where they they would
do the best if they could hit
it so if that's what they're trying to
do I upload that uh here's some more
evidence it was a CNN reporter who was
struck by the size of the prot Trump
rally in one of the bluest places so
they're saying that he that he got
around 25,000
supporters um and so CNN correspondent
Kristen Holmes told Anderson Cooper she
was really surprised how massive it was
now I saw a local news report that did a
helicopter shot that showed only about a
thousand people there and they claimed
that the rally was underwhelming and if
you did a wide job
it was only about I mean it just
visually if I looked at it it looked
like one or
2,000 so how could CNN be reporting
25,000 while the local news was showing
a picture that couldn't have been more
than
2,000 I don't know what true
anymore do you think CNN's wrong because
I think CNN wouldn't report that big a
number because that's a big number
25,000 I don't think they would report
that unless it was obviously
25,000 yeah there's no way this CNN
would have looked at a group of 2,000
people and then reported it as 25,000 so
so I'm I'm leaning toward their being
the right number so again that would be
CNN saying a very positive thing about
Trump here's another one remember that
story about the unified Reich that
phrase that was on something that uh
Trump reposted
and then he took it down when he found
out uh CNN has debunked it hold on to
your
hat one of the biggest complaints from
Biden Biden actually did a campaign
commercial saying that Trump uses Third
Reich thing CNN just debugged it they
found out that uh that text came from
some guy in Turkey who was just a video
guy who was collecting some stuff and
that nobody noticed it was just some old
style thing that some it wasn't even an
American it wasn't even made by an
American it was a Turkish not an America
guy in Turkey who had collected some
images from old things and put them
together and somebody just borrowed it
and didn't read it all so
CNN
debunked the unified Reich
story that Biden has already done a
campaign commercial treating it like it
was true
you can see what I'm talking about
right that's three stories just today
where CNN took the actual accurate view
of reality about
Trump I think they all see
it I think everybody sees what's going
on at this point CNN certainly sees that
now again MSNBC is a mental health
problem and I mean that literally not as
a hyperbole and not as a joke
MSNBC just has a mental health problem
they can't be taken
seriously well here's a story I didn't
understand yesterday but I'm getting a
little better understanding so America
First the legal uh group that's doing a
lot of great work defending
conservatives and
Republicans uh they found this uh Obama
Secret memo or they're talking about it
anyway um in which something happened
during the Obama Administration where
the rule was that all the records would
get digitized uh including anything that
was on paper they would digitize it and
the reason that's important is that it
means that when the archives were
insisting that Trump give them back
records a big part of the argument was
that Trump had the
records and that if if the archives
belonged properly with the the
government and those were the only ones
then they would have to give them
back but it turns out that they always
had the records that's right and there
was no question about them always having
the records because since Obama
everything's digitized so there could
not be anything in the boxes except
things they already had the records
for and that seems to be the case so
the story would be if they're making
that claim as the necessity for getting
the records
back that's invalid because they never
lost the records in the first place in
other words there was no
information that was ever at risk they
always had it what they didn't have is
the other
copy why did they need the other copy
back well I may have this part of the
story wrong but I believe that what
Obama did also in his secret memo is
make it the sole responsibility of the
president of what documents go where and
that the process should have been
something more along the lines of hey
you got a bunch of documents and there's
nothing wrong with that but if they're
not properly secured until you build a
properly secured Presidential
Library uh you should work with us to
make sure they're properly secured until
you put in a properly secured Library so
that's what the process should have
been the process never should have
been give us the records
back the process should have been let us
help you keep them secure in your
possession because they're yours and you
can put them in the Presidential Library
where they'll definitely be secure
because we'll build it that way or
you'll build it that
way that changes
everything now on top of that Jack Smith
wants a gag order on Trump for saying
that um the order for the raid on marago
would include uh when they could use
violence and Trump is saying that that's
basically an attempt to assassinate him
uh which is hyperbole but not
impossible uh and Jack Smith is trying
to gag him from saying
that you all see it now right I mean you
all saw it before but we can all
see that this is just pure lawfare Trump
should absolutely be able to complain
about that secret document that said
that maybe they could use violence when
they went to his
house you know you don't think somebody
should be able to tell the public oh
they were authorized to use force in my
house in my house ex-president of the
United States yes he's allowed to say
that as much as he
wants as much as he wants now I don't
know if the gag order will be approved I
sure hope not because I don't see how
that's directly related to anything
except a historical document which is
exculpatory and by the way those words
are on the document and by the way he is
completely wel
to interpret them the way he's
interpreting them I don't fully agree
with his interpretation it's a little
hyperbolic but it's not
crazy it's not crazy a as as someone
pointed out I forget who somebody smart
said that that language wasn't exactly
boilerplate because it had to be
modified to uh take into account that
secret service would be
there if they modified it to take into
account the Secret Service would be
there it wasn't exactly boiler plate
it's exactly what they wanted to be
there you know they didn't it wasn't
oversight they they negotiated that part
of it to take into account the Secret
Service
protection but I think I agree with I
maybe it was Turley or somebody Jonathan
Turley who said that story is a little
overblown and it might be it's it's
somewhere in between normal procedure
and wishal thinking on their part it
doesn't exactly look like a a
assassination attempt however I'm fully
in favor of trump
um branding it that way because it's you
know that's that's within the realm of
acceptable hyperbole right as long as we
don't lose sight of what the actual
issue is how he how he um spins it is
just regular politics that's
fine all right so that's interesting and
big shout out to America First legal who
is killing it they're just killing it
and
uh yeah so I'm glad there's some legal
defense happening
now so uh
MSNBC well dairo was playing a as part
of a ad so you know dairo is in nutcase
who hates Trump and I looked at the
Democrat ad and I counted five hoaxes
in 30
seconds five oxes he he started with
drinking bleach he went to uh used used
uh used gas to clear people out for a
photo op I forget the other ones but it
was basically five hoaxes in a row are
why you should not vote for
Trump oh my God five hoaxes in a row the
poor bastard I wonder if he believes
them don't know
if you went to chat GPT and ask them
about the uh fine people hoax you know
what it would say it would say it's a
hoax chat GPT it'll give you all kinds
of
details so what do the bad guys the
Democrats what what do they do when chat
GPT debunks their hoaxes because that's
what's happening you just have to ask it
it will debunk all of their hoaxes now
it's only going to debunk the ones
that're based on things like a a fake
edit because it it can see the original
document so it AI knows that it was
fake all right
um here's uh here's what the Democrats
are doing since they don't have any
policy
arguments and there's nothing they can
really say bad about them the only true
thing that dairo said was mostly hoaxes
but the one true thing he said was that
that tweet does uh that Trump did
midnight
tweets and he added the midnight tweets
on his list of the
hoaxes well you know he treated them
like they're all real like what exactly
is wrong with the midnight tweets he
works long hours I'm not even sure what
that's about but hakee Jeff has some
additional ones on MSNBC he said it's
important for the American people to
understand that if row can fail fall and
anything can fall Social Security itself
can fall Medicare can fall the ACA can
fall democracy can
fall so watch the uh the trend the trend
is this there's absolutely no argument
in favor of Biden none there is not any
argument left in favor of Biden so they
literally have to make up things that
couldn't possibly
happen like like Trump getting rid of
Social Security Medicare
uh he might tweak the ACA but even that
I doubt and certainly democracy is not
going to fall I mean that fell long time
ago
so the the the Democrats literally have
to make up
stuff that is hugely unlikely that would
happen in order to scare people away
from
Trump all
right how about the hill somebody wrote
an opinion piece in the hill I don't
care who it is cuz it's so stupid quote
a second Trump term could actually make
inflation
worse yes it could because Anything
could
happen but do you see the
trend they can't think of a policy
problem that makes Biden better than
Trump so they have to scare you about
what unlikely things might happen yes
unlikely things might happen in every
case everywhere all the
time the best they can do is literally
make up things that are so
unlikely Trump getting rid of Social
Security
really is that one we're really going to
talk about he's going to get rid of
democracy so and here's another
one so apparently the Central Park five
hoax is coming out because people just
have nothing they they got nothing
so how many of you
know that in that quote Central Park 5
how many of you know that Trump never
mentioned them so the entire hoax is
that Trump wanted the Central Park 5 to
be executed when uh the legal system in
the end did not find them
guilty so there are two things here it
doesn't mean they weren't guilty it just
means the courts found them not guilty
now we we're watching what the courts
are doing today and we can see that the
courts are crooked today were they
better then I don't know so there's some
question about whether they're guilty we
can only say the court found that they
weren't and then they said that Trump
didn't
apologize what was he apologizing for
because he never named them he just said
crime bad whoever did it should get the
death
penalty so somehow that turned into he
wanted those five people to get the
death penalty which never happened just
a
hoax uh yeah we don't know who who was
guilty there we we can know what Court's
found but we can't know what's true
because those are pretty
different um let's see Laura lomer has a
uh a real good
Scoop so you know judge
Muran uh so if I got my judges right
judge Maran is the Stormy Daniels case
judge right his daughter is a Democrat
activist type who does some kind of
Consulting but here are the people who
have sent money to the judge's daughter
for her services in the
past uh that would include let's see uh
the governor of New
York that would include representative
Dan
Goldman it includes hakeim
Jeff and uh let's see also uh I think
Schumer
maybe yeah Senator Schumer these are all
these are all customers who have sent
large amounts of money to the judge's
daughter in what world does this does
this trial continue
in what world does knowing that all of
Trump's uh worst enemies are donating
huge amounts of money to the judge's
daughter how in the world does this
continue in what world does that not get
overturned just for that
alone for what reason I guess she's a
consultant of some kind Democrat
consultant so
my
God uh even the Biden and Harris
campaign has paid this uh the judge's
daughter the Biden Harris
campaign has used the daughter's
services and the judge was chosen
randomly but randomly he got all of the
Trump trials all three in a row
randomly he should be in
jail it seems to me the judge should be
jailed because he's not doing any judge
work it looks like he's trying to put an
innocent person in jail that should be
jailable I mean it's got to be some
crime that says you can't put innocent
people in jail because your daughter is
getting paid yeah seems pretty Rico to
me
too all
right um and here's the thing that with
uh the gag order and Trump complaining
about the government or the Biden
Administration trying to assassinate him
you know in the con in in the context
where we're watching massive lawfare
against trump it is not out of the
question that they are also trying
directly to assassinate
him in a normal year I'd say no that'd
be crazy you know it's just two people
competing for the
presidency nobody's trying to kill the
other
side but the lawfare creates a different
context it's clear that they would do
anything right in front of you no matter
how crooked because you see 91 counts
right it couldn't be more obvious so you
can't do law fair right in front of me
and then tell me it's ridiculous to
think that they would try to kill
him those two things I can't hold in my
head at the same time I'm watching the
law
fair and that tells me it's completely
within the bounds that they would try to
kill him and make it look like an
accident or something now I think the
odds of that particular thing actually
being dangerous in the long run was very
small but it does maybe get to a state
of
mind meaning that whoever filled out
that paperwork didn't care if he got
killed they weren't probably weren't
trying to make it happen but certainly
didn't
care that that much I can say for
sure meanwhile the CEO of Blackstone
Steve schwarzman he says he's going to
back Trump including raising money for
him how uh how unusual is that super
unusual because he's a Democrat I
believe and I think it's unusual they
would flip why is he flipping uh because
of all the rise of anti-Semitism and he
believes that uh Trump would be the
better pick because Biden's not doing
enough to stop the
anti-Semitism what does that mean let's
see a very smart CEO of one of our
biggest firms really really smart and
very Jewish
so much so that he's going to change his
political uh activities because of the
anti-Semitism well let me tell you what
that believe that means to
me it means he doesn't believe the fine
people
Oaks can we say that for sure do you
think he would change to Trump if he
thought there was any truth to the fact
that Trump had called the neo-nazis
marching against Jews fine people of
course not no he a smart well-educated
person who knows damn well that that was
never true because there's no way in
hell he's going to be backing him if he
thought it was true or even may be true
right that's not going to
happen somebody says schwarzman
supported Trump in 2016 in 2020 then why
is it a news
story why is it a new story if he did it
in those prior years uh so I'm being
fact checked in real
time probably probably
corly why is it a
story if he's just going to do what he
did before H maybe it's only because of
his
reasons yeah I don't know maybe he
turned because of January 6 and now he's
turning back so I guess I don't know the
details of his thinking but I can say
for sure that if he's backing Trump he
does not believe the fine people hoax
here's another story in the same vein so
there's a story that JD Vance was behind
the fundraiser for Trump that was led by
Tech investors David saaks and chth
Paha now what do David Sachs and chth
have in
common with CEO Steve
schwarzman well um there're super smart
people who can see that Biden is just
gone and there's only one choice left
there yeah so here's my uh hypothesis
Splash um let's say
prediction I believe that there's going
to be a smart person
Revolt smart person Revolt in other
words Democrats who can no longer
pretend that Biden is a good
choice Elon
Musk Dem
rat no way this makes sense anymore Bill
lman Democrat there's no way this makes
sense to vote for Biden I mean he's
pretty direct about it now uh schwarzman
may be a special case as as you fact
check me but uh Sachs and chouth they
were not Democrat
voters and they're raising money for
Trump if you go all the way from voting
Democrat to raising money
Trump you're you're calling out a huge
problem in Biden right so I think I
think what's going to
happen with the exception of Mark Cuban
maybe H is that the smartest people will
no longer be able to hold their
position do you remember what I said
about
identity at this
point if you're supporting uh Joe Biden
and you're let's say a citizen you're
not normally a political activist the
political activists are just doing their
job so of course they're going to
support their side but if you're an
independent uh Citizen and what you'd
like people to know about you because
it's important to your work if not your
your personality and your feelings you'd
want people to think that you're smart
and you can see a situation for what it
is and you can act
appropriately right if you're going to
if you're going to give your to somebody
that's going to invest it for you if
you're going to give your money to bill
lman would you give your money to
somebody to invest for you we thought
Biden looked like a good
deal seriously would you no because it
would make the investor look like an
idiot so you can't be a person who's
trying to sell yourself as a smart
person who can see the whole
field that's what your investors do your
venture capitalist they're supposed to
be the smart ones who can see the whole
field what is the all-in podcast about
it's four smart friends who can see the
whole field that's why it's special
that's why it's doing so well right so
you can no longer be a smart person and
back Biden I'm sorry that's not a
political
comment that's not a political it's it's
outside of politics now it's so obvious
that Biden is gone mentally that you
cannot say hey hey people uh I can see
the whole field put your money with me
you can trust me I'm just going to do
what makes sense at the same time you're
saying Biden looks like a good
deal so the identity uh Schism is going
to uh happen and it's going to really
break hard you you've heard the saying
that things are slow until they're fast
so you're seeing the first bravest
smartest people Elon Musk saxs Bill
Amman maybe schwarzman I don't know but
you're seeing the
smartest people who lean Democrat just
surrendering and saying okay I can't I
can't be identified as somebody who
thinks this is a good
idea it will be too
embarrassing and as other smart people
abandon Biden you you'll see it it's
going to start from the top it's going
to be smartest
first and um but you're also seeing it
within the minority
communities is
uh let's say is uh is Charlemagne the
God
Smart looks like it looks pretty smart
to me and he's he's basically no I'm not
going to vote for Trump but Biden's a
Biden's not making it so I think you see
all the smart people go first how about
dtz Alan
dtz now I don't know that he's changed
his
vote but he he will certainly tell you
that all the stuff against Trump is
lawfare he'll tell you that he'll tell
you that Biden's not getting it done for
Israel
so watch this trend the smart people
will go first and then it's going to
turn into an
avalanche if if the uh if the Democrats
go ahead and nominate Biden which is the
path we're on I think that's that's when
the Dam breaks that's when all the smart
Democrats say I'm out you know I thought
there was some chance he would be
substituted but it looks like you're
going to go with them I'm
out um Glenn Greenwall just wiped the
floor with derss well I saw a clip that
made that claim but the clip didn't
didn't back it
up I I saw the clip you saw and I
thought did he really demolish him or
did he just make a good point that's
different than demolishing somebody
so maybe there's more to it um I'll have
to watch
it all right that leadies and gentlemen
concludes the best show you're going to
see this morning because a lot of other
people are lazy they don't work on
weekends not like
me all right uh did I miss anybody in
terms of other famous smart Democrats
who are uh leaving the camp because they
can see what's going on
uh okay I'm getting a fact check so the
Blackstone CEO schwarzman dropped Trump
after January 6 and now his returned
okay so that all makes sense so I
speculated it was January 6 it turns out
it
was um and I think that people who
thought January 6 was real have probably
figured out that it was always a an OP
right all right
thanks smart
people do your
thing he came back because Haley
endorsed
him I don't
know please watch this Britney grinder
interview uh why because their voice
changed I'm not super interested in
Britney grinder for any reason should I
be you're saying uh Glen Greenwald is
vastly overrated well you could say that
about anybody the the thing about Glenn
Greenwald and I'll say this about a
number of other people as well is oh my
God we're better off with his voice I'm
not saying I agree with them all the
time but he comes at every issue from a
way that's not like everybody else is
doing it and you need a lot more of that
even when you disagree with it same with
RFK Jr I definitely don't agree with all
of his
preferences but oh my God are we better
off with him in the mix I mean I just
love having him in the
mix yeah RFK Jr strikes me as someone
who actually is trying to help the
country Trump does too by the way but uh
Biden doesn't but does not come across
as somebody who's trying to fix anything
except his own
income all right ladies and gentlemen
I'm going to uh say bye to YouTube and
Rumble and X thanks for joining and I'll
spend some time with my beloved
subscribers at
locals at scottm locals.com if you want
to join
someday until then till tomorrow bye for
now
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e e