[Music]
the other day a man I sat down with my
electric Dr kit start playing around and
if you don't know I'm at the beginner
level of
dring suddenly something started coming
out by a j that almost didn't feel like
it came for me it was way better than
I ladies and gentlemen welcome to the
highlight of human
civilization if you'd like your
experience to go up to levels that
nobody's ever experienced before in fact
it's beyond the ability of a human to
even explain it well then all you need
is a cup or mug or a glass a tanker
chells or Stein a canteen jug or a flask
a vessel of any kind fill it with your
favorite liquid I like coffee and join
me now for the parallel pleasure the
dopamine hit of the day the thing that
makes everything better it's called the
simultaneous hip it happens now
go and order remember to get your
official coffee with Scott Adam's mug
just like this one has the simultaneous
sip on the back available now again
limited
order go to the X account of at er oh
that's Zia Erica Zia
Erica and you can find out how to get
your own now that music I was playing is
uh by stormcrow and it features my
drumming which he turned into a magical
triv so when it started I thought it's
above my ability and I seem to be able
to do it I'm a little bit about my bu so
here's a weird thing if you listen to
this with headphones
on not everybody because everybody's
different but you're going to have an
actual
experience it'll you'll actually feel
something in your body I don't want to
say more than that but um so there is
some hypnosis technique built into this
the pacing and the leading specifically
but uh see how you
feel stormcrow did this with a a variety
of uh skills in his talent stack
including some AI for all the the
background video Etc it's honestly I I'm
trying to figure out how to tell you
what
amazing uh but since it includes
something that I did it feels a little
braggy it's actually amazing you you
really ought to you really ought to
check it out with headphones definitely
use headphones all right um there was a
suitcase found in lake merid in Oakland
uh floating in floating on the lake and
then they opened it they found a dead
body inside the
uh inside the suitcase now Lake Barett
is you know few Towns over from me in
Oakland you might remember Oakland as
being one of the oh one of the murder
centers of the
country you know what this the and I
feel like this story is like missing
some context when they say there was a
dead body found in a suitcase floating
in Lake
Meritt don't you wonder how how many
bodies are actually at the bottom of
that
Lake imagine you're a lake at the at the
epicenter of a murder
capital
theoretically I can't think of a better
place to get rid of a body than the big
lake that's right in the middle of your
murder capital wouldn't you think there
are quite a few bodies at the bottom of
that
Lake I mean I feel like that Lake is
closer to a human soup at this
point yeah try to get that image out of
your mind good luck with that well the
Wall Street Journal is talking about
some science that's uh showing that they
have a pretty good indication that human
brains have gotten smaller in the last 3
to 5,000
years does that surprise you at
all I would say that's the least
surprising thing I've ever hard just
look around I'm pretty sure brains have
gotten smaller in the last 10
years or at least smoother I don't know
if they're smaller but they're smoother
now of
course this is a big breakthrough in our
understanding their brains have gotten
smaller but then the next question is
well wait a minute does that mean we
used to be smarter and now we're Dumber
I don't know but I probably could have
figured that out 5,000 years years ago
but now I'm just confused by the whole
thing
oh no because we're humans we're humans
damn it do you think that we would
conclude we used to be smarter does that
sound like something a human would do no
what we would do is make up excuses for
why our our smaller brains are actually
really better yeah you know in the
actually in the article somebody
actually did this you know it could be
more like microchips you know it's not
the size of the microchips is how
densely the you know the the circuitry
is so we could have smaller brains but
you know denser circuitry and and really
much better
brains so but any advantage we got from
that has probably been wiped out by
smartphones by now and the general
stupic of all our news and
education but 5,000 years ago we were
kind of awesome and
smart and taller it turns out can you
believe that we were taller in the past
doesn't that scare you a little
bit yeah do you think our food sources
are uh
compromised
clearly clearly our food sources are
compromised cuz I'm telling you whatever
it is that you eat that makes you taller
is better than whatever you're eating
that's making you
smaller I'm no dietitian scientist but I
can tell you for sure that I don't think
there's more clear indication that our
food supply is completely
compromised here here's another one to
uh make you crazy do you remember if
you're a certain age somewhere in around
the 60s you'd be listening to uh let's
say a new rock song and there'd be a
male singer and he was sound uh he might
be 19 years old you know cuz the bands
were really young back then he'd be
about 19 but he had a grally voice of a
50-year-old
trucker Have you listened to any music
in the last 10
years it's a little bit more like this I
used to have a girlfriend but now I'm
weepy and sad because she left me for
somebody better oh I'm so weepy and sad
I wish I had some testosterone like they
used to have back in the'
60s yeah music is about men being sad
and
female in in our current uh time right I
don't know how men listen to
music if it's just going to turn you
into something which it does all right
so don't listen to Too Much music unless
you're doing it medic ly as I
do um today was a good day for me
because I solved one of my most
nagging bothersome
Mysteries and maybe some of you have had
the same mystery the mystery is what the
hell is going on with Bill
Maher am I right because here's how the
mystery Works he clearly demonstrates on
a regular basis that he follows the news
you know because it's his job so he
tells us yes I mean he's literally said
this in in public a number of times that
it's his job to follow the news so
obviously you would assume he's more
more informed than the average person
and probably is probably
is
then you also note that he says uh
clever enough things which show a depth
of understanding that he's not just
ordinary smart but actually extra smart
I'm not sure if you know now he he went
to
Cornell uh Cornell is where I tried to
go but they turned me
down only because my application was
late
um I wasn't very skilled when I was 17
years old it turns out so I got my
application late
but if you if you graduated from Cornell
you are legitimately probably in the top
2% of like
you you know not every person of course
but generally speaking if you went to
that school it's not you know like any
IV leue school would be top 2% something
like that so the things we know is that
he pays attention to the news and he is
way above average in intelligence and
demonstrates it on a regular basis I
would say it's very obviously he's very
smart now how does that explain his
TDs is it literally like a a brain
problem that seems to be limited to that
one area that part didn't make sense to
me like why why would his brain work so
well but just doesn't work in that
little area sort of like a big mystery
here's here was my working assumption my
working assumption was that he knew
exactly what he was doing and just
personally didn't like
Trump now I don't think that's true at
the moment I've revised my theory but
that's the best I could come up with the
best I could come up with is that he
just didn't like Trump and then that
just informed everything
else but we also notice that he seems
uniquely willing to offend his core
audience so we would say it's not just
to make his audience happy which is what
you'd expect for most people but he
clearly shows you that he can go against
his audience and does on a regular basis
and just yells at them for being idiots
sometimes so it's not just being a team
player and it's not because he's not
smart and it's not because he doesn't
watch the
news so what is it and I got what I
think is a
fairly um complete answer because he
appeared on the trigonometry
trigonometry
podcast and it was
fascinating because the hosts knew a lot
more than he did they're British right
and they knew a lot more than he did
about American
politics and he was learning things that
he'd never heard before that all of you
already know just think about that
pretty much I would guess 100% of
everybody watching this live stream and
not because I told you but because
you're a group of people who watch the
complete news you know this would be a
crowd of people people who knows what
the mainstream says because you know
what CNN says you always hear it and you
know the mainstream everybody knows but
you also get the other points of view
that are less traveled right so you get
you get a complete picture here are some
of the things that bill
M might still believe but he believed
until the other day when he was on
trigonometry just listen to
this
um Bill believes that uh the Russians
with a budget of
$100,000 who produced some memes that
are basically High School quality if
you've seen them and some of them were
anti-hillary and some of them were
anti-trump these are facts that nobody
disputes $100,000 budget everybody would
agree that that is
minuscule by any
standards uh the memes if you've looked
at him 100% of people who looked at him
would say that wouldn't influence
anybody that's literally nothing
everybody would say that that's not an
opinion nobody would have a different
opinion if they looked at the actual
memes they'd say that couldn't make any
difference now he believes that that
influenced the election $100,000 buy of
some memes that I was watching election
stuff every single day never saw one of
them I'll bet most of you didn't see any
of those
so you beli that that actually was a a
variable that you could you know could
have move the
needle I don't think any of you believe
that do you do any of you believe that
$100,000 of memes in a billion doll
election when the memes were just the
same thing that you and do you do you
think that those Russian memes got more
attention than any one of my
tweets I'll bet every one of my tweets
got more attention than every one of
those memes so was was I influencing the
election if Russia was influencing it I
was definitely influencing it but that
would mean that everybody with you know
a Twitter account at the
time who had a big Twitter account was
influencing the elections I suppose that
would be fair because they would be
Americans but no $100,000 of bad memes
doesn't buy you anything not even a
single vote and and let me let me say
that clearly not a single vote I'm going
to say that with confidence
not one vote could have even
theoretically Been
Changed by those memes they weren't they
weren't the kind of memes that would
change anybody's
vote secondly Bill believes that when
Paul manfor who was on the Trump uh team
that when he shared some stale internal
polling information I think that's what
it
was that that was influencing the
election or or that it was collusion
it it was one guy scamming a billionaire
Paul maniford was scamming a billionaire
by promising things he wasn't delivering
the one thing he delivered was some
internal polling data that couldn't have
possibly been useful to anybody do you
think Paul
maniford was trying to give them things
that they could operationally make a
difference I don't see how how would
some internal polling really make any
difference
what did did they target their $100,000
worth of memes because they had a little
better polling oh we better send these
memes that have no value whatsoever to
the uh let's say the single mothers in
the suburbs what what exactly would the
polling information tell the Russian
billionaire basically nothing right but
Bill believed that that was a
significant uh
thing um but this is the real head
Shaker so Bill Mah was not aware I think
it was uh that and he learned on the the
podcast he was not aware that uh Hillary
Clinton had repeatedly claimed the 2016
election was
rigged and so did most of the leaders of
the Democrat Party and not just once
they said it over and over and over
again in
public bill was not aware of that and he
actually question whether that was true
and of course the podcast in post
production inserted the actual videos to
show you it was true
now how could you not be aware of those
things do you know how it finally
brought together something else that
bill Mah had said in public he said that
he limits his new sources to a few like
strong ones so the I think he follows
the New York Times for
example um and maybe some other big you
know big mainstream news
anets now do you think that gets him a
good well-rounded sense of what's going
on no so it turns out that um he
accidentally walled himself off from any
possibility of seeing both you know both
sides and so he has what I call the
documentary
effect I've explained the documentary
effect if you watch a documentary that's
meant to present one point of
view it will be really really convincing
I guarantee even if the point of view is
completely fake if you watch it you're
going to be totally convinced because if
you commit to something to say like an
hour long and every part of the hour is
evidenced toward their one one thing
they're trying to brainwash you into
believing you'll believe it by the end
of the by the end of the time if you've
only seen one side you're totally going
to believe it and there won't be
anything wrong with your brain this is
important it doesn't matter how smart
you are now if you don't believe that's
true the documentary effect that it can
convince you of anything basically watch
and I I've said this a number of times
but watch the two competing
documentaries about Michael Jackson One
says he was a horrible child abuser and
if you watch that you will be convinced
Beyond any doubt that the accusations
are true then watch the opposite one the
one that says it was all made up and
he's being framed and you say to
yourself there's no way they're going to
make that case and then they do not only
they make the case that he was framed
and all of it was innocent it's really
strong is it true I don't know that's my
point I've watched two things which
individually if you only watched one of
them would be absolutely
persuasive whether it was true or not I
had no way to know so if you haven't
watched if you haven't done this
experience experiment on yourself and
and watch them one day and then the next
day it will Amaze you and I would say do
it in this order because this is more
fair I think it's more fair to Michael
Jackson if you do it in the order of see
the one that accuses him first because
that's how a trial is done you know the
accusations come first but the final
closing argument gets to be from the
defense so let let Michael Jackson's
closing
argument be the documentary that says he
was framed doesn't mean it's true I'm
just saying that in our system the you
let the defense go
last so uh and again I'm not going to
try to convince you anything is true or
not true about Michael Jackson the point
is that bill Mah lived in sort of the
documentary problem since he never saw
the other
documentary um he lived in a completely
persuasive bubble that any normal person
with a good brain would have come to
believe exactly what he came to believe
you could put any one of us in that
bubble deny us all the knowledge and
information in the rest of the world and
you would have come to the same
opinion yeah somebody is mentioning
Oliver Stone exactly a good point
an Oliver Stone documentary like his JFK
stuff is 100% persuasive and as I was
watching it I kept trying to remind
myself that that didn't mean anything
couldn't do it failed even even the even
with the the little recording in my
brain don't believe it Scott you're only
seeing you know one presentation even
though I have no reason to doubt Oliver
Stone per
se it's it's a point of View and if you
haven't seen the opposite point of view
you really don't know anything and it's
really hard for a human brain to accept
that if it's only seen one point of view
that it's full total knowledge that it
has is
nothing your your brain is just way too
biased toward thinking that the
documentary okay maybe it's not 100%
complete sure maybe they bent things a
little bit but basically you're getting
the the sort of general idea nope not
true as soon as you believe that one
documentary gives you basically the
general idea maybe is not perfect you're
gone that's how they get you it doesn't
work that way if you saw the opposite
documentary you would be just as
convinced that's how it works all
right um so that and I know some of you
have said CU I saw this comment before
before I got on you're saying Scott
Scott Scott no he knows exactly what
he's doing pretty sure that's not the
case because he does it so transparently
in front of us you know if you saw the
trigonometry podcast that was genuine
confusion that was not an act that was
someone who actually wanted to know the
truth and was having his mind boggled by
two people who I believe he understood
were Fair actors like I think he trusted
the people he was talking to and so when
they told him something so opposite of
what he understood you could see that he
was taking it seriously that's not
somebody whose brain is broken that's
somebody who had who had been starved
for real information from credible
sources and then when two credible
sources sat there and looked at him like
how did you not know this you could tell
it was affecting him so you know good
for him for having a flexible brain
which I think actually got moved by that
podcast I'd be I'd be surprised if his
opinion stayed the same after that I'd
be really
surprised so that was a step in the
right direction deanan Phillips who's
running uh trying to primary uh Biden to
be the Democrat nominee for president uh
he was on speaking of Bill Moore uh he
was on the bill Mar show and he this is
amazing remember he's a Democrat
and he said that uh being a Jewish
member of Congress in the Democratic
caucus is very difficult right now you
can imagine and there is seemingly a
lack of progressive love when it comes
to our doorstep and it's
problematic I know I don't look like
someone whose Community might need
support or affection or
protection that's right if you're a
Democrat even an elected Democrat in
high office
office you still feel like you're being
discriminated by your own
side now you may be quick to say if
you're a republican oh but the
Republicans you know embrace you and
they're pro-israel and don't like
discrimination and that's generally
true but what is also true is that the
farle and the far right are also they
seem equally anti-jewish
remember I told you that the there isn't
any difference between the far left and
the far right except who they decided to
hate it's basically the same
people so I think it is too let let me
put it this way in the middle of the
country you know most of the left and
most of the right are reasonable people
who want what's good for everything good
for the country good for the family
would you agree with that an ordinary
Democrat is not a a risk to civilization
there're also of people who have slight
differences of opinion right but the far
left are bash crazy mental cases
the far right bad ship mental cases why
are we treating them like they're part
of you know the part of the the normal
conversation we should forever more call
the extreme left and extreme right the
the extremists put them in the same
group and have law enforcement approach
them exactly the same way
but you know don't don't let politics
say they're part of your your team if
you don't think they're part of your
team um all right so that's uh the the
fact that a member of Congress is having
an experience of uh discrimination
within Congress from his own side do you
believe that there's even one Republican
member of Congress CU remember the
people in Congress are not the crazy you
know crazy extremists do you think
there's even one Republican member of
Congress with whom Dean Phillips feels
uncomfortable for being
Jewish do you think there's even
one I'll bet not I'll bet 100% of the
Republicans make Dean Phillips feel
perfectly comfortable because he knows
that they're not going to they're not
having discriminatory feelings about him
bet I'll bet you and I'll bet you that
something like a quarter of his own team
makes him
uncomfortable how do you how do you how
do you put up with that how in the world
do you stay on that team it it's just
sort of a baffling
mystery all right I've got a reframe for
you there are two political philosophies
in this
country of course there's more than two
but two big ones I would say the
Republican philosophy is that your
actions define you would you say that's
true your actions define you not your
ethnicity not your gender blah blah your
actions so if you follow the
Constitution and you know you're doing
all the right things I want you to be my
neighbor be my neighbor you're awesome
you do good
things um the but the Democrat
philosophy is you're born either a
victim or an oppressor and there's
nothing you can do to change that
because your lineage as Greg geld likes
to say uh your lineage defines you now
let me say them again Republican
philosophy is that it's your actions
what you do defines you Democrats you're
either born a victim or an oppressor and
there's not much you can do about it
which of those two philosophies
guarantees a future
genocide which one guarantees
it yeah the Democrat philosophy actually
guarantees genocide it just doesn't you
just don't know when the timer
starts right there isn't any other way
that
goes it can only go that way it might
not happen this year right but it's a
guarantee if that philosophy stays you
know as dominant as it is at the moment
it can only go to
genocide that's the that's the natural
Landing place
remember I tell you that design is
Destiny we've designed a system that
guarantees some
genocide what would you say about the
Israeli um Gaza Palestinian situation
I'll tell you my opinion that is a
system designed that guaranteed
genocide the design if you design a
system that guarantees genocide and then
you get a bunch of
genocide you you don't have to like it
you know you got to do what you can do
to
correct that but you can't say you
didn't see it
coming so we of course in this situation
we've got the battling genocide
narratives right so the pro Palestinian
people are saying it's a genocide
against
Gaza are they
right well that would be a definition
that would be arguing a definition we we
all know what's
happening so what's happening is not a
mystery so there's no difference of
opinion of what's happening if you label
it with that word well then you know
that's more of a definition thing and
might have some
consequences but do you think that the
Israelis think that October 7th was a
genocide clearly it
was but that's also a
definition you know the other side says
it's you know well well earned
retribution or something I don't know
whatever it is that they say so
Israel has a situation in which their
current design guaranteed some form of
genocide it either guaranteed that it
would happen to them or that they would
be the ones doing it wasn't any way
around it now if they don't fix that
system um as a result of you know the
latest ugliness if they don't fix that
system then they've just reinstituted a
system that guarantees genocide
guarantees it
so when when Israel talks about uh Gaza
no longer ever being uh controlled by
Hamas or maybe even the
Palestinians that's at least a system
change I don't know if it's a good one
but at least it recognizes that if you
just rebuilt the system you had you're
going to get another genocide no way
around maybe two depending on how you
define
things all right so um the reason reason
I mentioned these two philosophies is it
might be an interesting way to frame it
for Democrats who are not aware that
they're on the pren side part of
History I I would wonder what would a
Democrat say if you just presented this
to them you know the the victim or
oppressor of frame guarantees
genocide because I feel like a lot of
them that's what they want you know the
people talk about
colonizers colonizer is a word that
guarantees gen
side again you just don't know when it
starts could it start next week could be
10 years from now but if gen if
colonizer becomes part of the vocabulary
part of the way we think of each
other guaranteed
genocide
guaranteed so don't be
surprised and uh make sure you're ready
for
that well here's the uh let me let me
give you some more uplifting thought I
watch watch uh Mike cerovich save some
lives
yesterday almost in real time it was
 impressive let me tell you what
he did so cerovich who's got over a
million followers so he's got a you know
big footprint um mentioned that some
somebody he knew had committed suicide
recently because of a probably because
of a bankruptcy
problem and that he'd heard Whispers I
think of other people who were
similarly uh just rought over potential
and actual
bankruptcies and so what he did was
explain in a lengthy post that you're
looking at bankruptcy wrong bankruptcy
is a tool for the benefit of the
bankrupt person it's not it's not a like
a mark of Shame they don't they don't
paint a Big B on your chest you don't
have to live in shame you're just a
person who's in a situation which many
have been in and many billionaires many
successful people and the bankruptcy is
simply a legal option that makes it
easier for somebody to emerge from debt
and that is just a tool the reason it
exists as a law is because it's such a
common situation it doesn't mean you
screwed everything up does it might mean
that luck didn't go your
way but I don't think for most of these
people it's because they didn't work
hard enough right I think the bankruptcy
happens for other reasons just
circumstance but anyway so cernovich
goes through his long uh explanation of
how you you shouldn't see this as a you
know a failure of life more like a speed
bump you know that that's my summary um
and in the comments there were two
people who said he may have just saved
their
lives just think about that just in the
comments I mean just a quick look at the
comments there were two people who said
you may have just saved my
life Ju Just hold that in your head for
a
second all right moving
on um NBC News is reporting that uh us
and European officials are quietly
talking to the ukrainians about
negotiating a peace deal with Russia now
is that really a
story don't you think that we're sort of
always quietly talking to them about
that
option did we only just recently start
talking about the option of a peace deal
I'd be quite disappointed in the
government if they hadn't been saying
you know and maybe you should consider
this I realize that you want to fight at
the moment but you know just in case
maybe you should think about what that
would look like you know think about it
mentally I don't know what talking to
them quietly means but if that hasn't
always been on the table I'd be kind of
worried how much of this do you think is
because Ukraine doesn't seem to be
making any
progress and how much of it is because
it's too expensive and how much of it is
because the new new thing is
Israel I think that our brains Can't
Wrap we can't wrap our heads around two
ORS so I think it's a combination things
but I think the American
public two Wars is a line right one war
is a oneoff two
Wars completes the line that's two
points that line is a line to Absolute
Doom so I don't know if it mattered
which one came first you know obviously
Israel is a little more popular in some
parts of the the government than maybe
Ukraine is and vice
versa so it may have something to do
with you know pulling favorites and
knowing that you can't have two Wars at
the same time it might be that a little
bit but it's also exhaustion from
Ukraine not seeing any other options uh
Ukraine literally running out of human
beings to shoot I mean the Russians I
think the Russians are over there as
like you have anybody left to shoot I
think we shot all the all the young ones
do you have any older ones we can start
shooting that's basically what Ukraine
gets to decide all right let's make some
more decisions which ones do we want the
Russians to shoot because that seems to
be the only variable the variable seems
to be that Ukraine is literally running
out of human beings to
shoot um they don't seem to be running
out of ammo and weapons as quickly but
they might be out of that too if we
don't give them the funding they
need so Now CNN has also turned against
Ukraine Time Magazine has and NBC News
which some
say is the voice of our CIA some say I
don't personally know that but some say
if the NB if NBC is reporting it this
way uh that means that somebody in the
Deep State wants you to think this way
so it would seem to me that uh the
people who are running everything have
made a decision and that they're going
to force Ukraine to
negotiate and here's the other Factor
that's really big you ready for
this the worst thing for
Democrats would be for Trump to end the
Ukraine war in one
day like he said he
could they cannot they cannot let the
end of the Ukraine war slop into a
potential Republican presidency cuz then
Trump's going to get the credit for
ending it like
Afghanistan and then Biden will get the
blame even though you know Biden did the
last part of Afghanistan but he did it
wrong so
politically it's it's a freaking nuclear
bomb if you give if you give Trump that
one win which is almost guaranteed
honestly if you if you put Trump in the
job today I think he'd be done in a week
and that's not a joke honest to God is
my actual solid opinion that Trump could
end the Ukraine situation in one week
exactly like he says and exactly the way
you think he would just threaten both
sides and both sides would say I'm not
sure he means that but I don't know and
then they would make peace because both
sides want to make peace it's obvious
where it's going to end up you know
Russia is going to still end up owning a
bunch of stuff that used to be Ukraine
it's guaranteed at this point I'm not
saying that's what I want I'm just
saying it's guaranteed and I'm not even
sure that's a bad outcome can can you
tell me that Russia owning those
territories is bad for me in what way is
it bad for the residents that the work
could be over and that they would be
owned by the corrupt Russian government
instead of the corrupt Ukrainian
government the most massively corrupt
government that we've not you know that
I'm aware of do you think that the the
groups that have now been controlled by
Russia have a lot of you know Russia
sympathizing people in it you think they
want to be owned by the most corrupt
regime that just put most of the young
people in their country into a meat
grinder For No Good Reason like you
think they want that I don't know maybe
they do but I know it's none of my
business anymore I know
that I I just don't have an interest
I think that they need to settle things
up now I know the people who say oh if
you if you let Russia do that they'll go
do something else will they will they do
you think Russia had a good a good uh
experience even if they win you and
winning would be just the parts that
they already
hold even if they win are they going to
want to do that again
what what kind of winning does that look
like because I think it's going to be a
pck victory as the people who want to
impress you like to say how how many of
you don't know what a puic victory is
just the ones who don't know what it
means I want to just test the vocabulary
here how many don't know what a pic
Victory is I'll give you a little
education is one of those things that
these smart pundits like to
say uh there there's a history to it the
the the the pic part has a mystery to it
but the basic the idea is that you win
the war but in doing so your army is so
uh so
destroyed that you can't hold the
territory and so you eventually just get
easily conquered because you you
weakened yourself in the process of
winning to the point where you
guaranteed your own demise so winning
wasn't winning it's a puic victory
because you get the temporary good
feeling but basically you're dead so to
me they lost their pipeline they lost
their control over um
Europe they uh probably a lot of their
energy business their sanctions are
higher than ever I don't think they want
to do it
again so uh I feel like nobody would
want to do that again all
right um so representative Rashida
t uh is uh not too happy with Joe Biden
and as uh Greg price said in ex poost um
on the in inclusion of the from The
River To The Sea
part really is is T actually sang from
The River To The Sea she has she said
that out
loud actually out
loud
okay I I was starting I'm seeing lots of
confirmation is one of those things
where I was pretty sure that I I was
pretty sure that she had said it but my
brain couldn't hold it in my brain like
how how is that even possible how could
she still be sitting in Congress and
having said that out loud in public and
she still has her job like my brain
can't hold that what's going
on explain that to me there there's
nothing that can explain
that that that is a mystery
um so she says um so Bas basically it's
pick your genocide so she thinks Biden's
involved in a
genocide um obviously the pro-israel
people think that homas was involved in
genocide but whatever side you're you're
not on seems to be doing all the
genociding
um so I read AR on how Hamas won over
all the idiots in America and when I say
idiots the people on the far left who
back them and apparently they made it
there there is information to confirm
that the Hamas planners behind closed
doors or some recordings of them I guess
in which they literally said they were
going to try to tie their movement to
the idiots in the United States
movements to make it seem like they were
just part of the an anti-white
movement now that was pretty smart
because to the extent that the left
thinks that Jewish people are not
white or not to the extent that they
think the Jewish people are white that
allows Hamas and the Palestinians to be
on the people of color side and the
anti- colonist side so Hamas convinced
the American
left that uh they were just part of the
larger problem of colonizers abusing the
locals and especially those white white
colonizers the worst kind so that was
the
trick that was the trick and it worked
so Hamas is quite good in the persuasion
game uh it's
obvious the Hezbollah leader spoke I
guess by video because it's too
dangerous to go in public if you're the
Hezbollah leader in Lebanon
and uh some people were surprised that
he was not not more uh overtly
warlike um it didn't sound like he was
encouraging Hezbollah to you know wait
into the fight in a big way so I suppose
that's good news but he could also be
lying he could also be telling you he's
not while he's pretend while he's
actually planning to do exactly the
opposite could be um speaking of which
Hezbollah attacked Israel
surprise uh and the IDF has already hit
back so uh I saw this in a Kyle Becker
post that the IDF war planes are
attacking Hezbollah targets now because
Hezbollah Carri down some kind of an
attack but that's also sort of Baseline
over there you know here's an attack
here's a response I think that's sort of
business as usual it doesn't necessarily
say that hezb is waiting in in a big way
yet all
right um somehow I didn't even notice
this so the I guess the house passed the
funding bill for Israel but Biden's
going to veto it do I have that right so
the house did pass a standalone Israel
funding
bill and Biden's going to veto it
because doesn't give him money for
Ukraine right do I have that
right I think I have that right right to
which I would like to take this moment
to give Matt Gates a little bit of a
Ovation Matt
Gates good job this is what I
wanted I I wanted I wanted our
government have to chew on a bill and
like it or not if and if they can't get
enough people to like it it's
dead good good absolutely what I want
now I don't want the government to be
forever constipated and not be able to
do anything obviously that's bad but
they can't they can't just keep doing
the things that us right in front
of us here are your options Congress you
can obviously us as hard as you can
and destroy the country by doing omn
Omnibus budget forever until
we're
broke or you can look like the
idiots that you are and not be able to
do a single
thing I prefer that so much I prefer
complete
incompetence just show us show us that
you can't get a thing right and
then let us vote on you next time let's
vote with full knowledge that you are un
able to do the business of the people
thank you now Matt Gates G gave that to
you he he broke the thing that had to be
broken
now generally Americans have been good
at reassembling and fixing things better
but somebody had to break it he broke it
good good good good work and in fact
that's like the play of the the decade
you know the political play of the
decade honestly I haven't seen anything
that makes me happier than this
politically so now of course I have some
optimism here that we'll figure out a
way to actually get a more functional
government that does things the people
want but if we can't get that I'd rather
just stay broken and keep working on it
because no we're not going to pass any
 omnius bills anymore I
hope um
sh that's
happening uh representative
zinki I don't know if I'm pronouncing
that right z n ke um he's a Republican
and he wants Congress to shut down all
Palestinian
immigration to which I
say
what we we have Palestinian
immigration
seriously
really
really like I I guess I hadn't really
thought about it you know we don't have
I guess the Biden
Administration I don't know if has a ban
on any
country does Biden have a ban on any
country he probably doesn't right
because that would be
racist so I should have imagine that we
were doing some Palestinian immigration
but
um are we allowed to prioritize National
Defense over looking good feeling
good because you know I understand not
discriminating but we're not talking
about individuals we don't have the
ability to vet
individuals if we had the ability to vet
any individual and really be confident
about it and yet we were Banning them I
would say whoa whoa whoa that's some
 discrimination right there
there's some bigotry that is complet
completely you know out a place right if
if we're discriminating on an individual
person basis because they were
Palestinian that's just bigotry if we
had the ability to go deeper about them
but if you don't have that ability to
judge people individually you can judge
the class as a
risk and that class doesn't have you
know we're not talking about any genetic
defect or even a cultural defect you're
talking about some group of people who
are programmed with a certain mindset
and you don't know which ones are
dangerous under those conditions your
national uh self-defense should be a
much higher priority than you're wanting
to look good and not not appear to be
bigoted so here again I say to you as
clearly as I can discrimination against
individuals for employment or personal
life or romance or you know all all the
basic stuff of society totally
inappropriate I I would uh discourage it
in every way so if you're looking to
hire somebody or marry somebody look at
them as an individual everything else
would be counterproductive for everybody
not good for you not good for society
not good for the person you discriminate
against but if you don't know everything
about the individual or at least enough
and you're looking at a class of people
and you talk about your National Defense
and there's a very clear reason why
there's a specific risk that their their
minds have been shaped in a way that is
incompatible in that case Absolute Total
discrimination without uh any shame no
embarrassment no shame no excuses
complete total discrimination against
that class is in the interest of the
self defense of the United States and it
is bad for many people in the group not
our
problem is not the job of the United
States to solve everybody's problem
everywhere it's not a thing it's not
possible so whether or not it's their
fault is not part of the conversation
whether or not it would greatly help
people who were in a terrible
situation not our problem cuz most of
the world is in a terrible situation I
mean we could spend our entire you know
budget helping the people of Africa if
if being nice was what we wanted to
do
um does anybody disagree with that by
the
way that you can discriminate against a
class if what you're discriminated
against is the way they've been trained
and it's incompatible with your system
in a dangerous
way
well I knew I'd win you all over
eventually actually you were all you
were all there at at the beginning so
good work representative Zin for saying
the thing that's uh hard to say out loud
but it is the thing that is in our best
national uh
interest and I would argue strongly that
it's in the best interest of the
Palestinian um
Americans who want to live here in peace
and not be discriminated against cuz I
tell you the worst thing that could
happen for an uh an American who has um
Islamic background the worst thing that
could happen to you is we let in some
people that do some and you get
blamed for
it right we're trying to prevent
that right you know a good 10 years of
you know living together without any
problems is going to help you a lot but
letting in one terrorist who shares your
uh religion at least very bad for you so
I'd like to prevent that as
well all right uh some fun news in the
AI uh musk is teasing about the uh the X
version of AI um I so Brian Rell he said
he got a I guess he got a sneak preview
of it and he's very impressed now if you
don't know who Brian is he's someone who
really really knows this AI space uh one
of the better accounts to follow if
you're trying to understand what's going
on if he's impressed there's something
good coming right so he he would not be
prone to
hyperbole
um but what we know about it so far is
that uh Elon Musk says it's built to
have a sense of humor he actually showed
an example so it can actually banter
with you and it will joke with you
how much better is that than standard
AI like way way better am I right way
way
better um let us go on how will it be
distributed like what what app will use
how how do you access this new well it
turns out it's going to be built into
the xplatform but only for the people
paying for the premium
subscription so for $8 a month the thing
you were using anyway would be
integrated with this AI now let me ask
you this well let me tell you this so
when AI you know blew up earlier this
year I wanted to be you know
understanding the the first wave of it I
signed up for a whole bunch of AI apps
number of them were subscriptions that
renew and some of them were kind of
expensive like really expensive you know
for a monthly application but I thought
okay this is worth it I'm going to find
out which ones are great I'm going to
implement it into my work uh I'll be one
of the early adopters you know that'll
be good in a number of ways good system
and after several months last week I
looked at all my subscriptions and I
deleted every one of them do you know
why I deleted every one of my AI apps
because I found no utility no dopamine
and no purpose for them
whatsoever now they did in fact offer um
abilities and tools that I didn't have
so it could create let's say some
impressive
art to be a thumbnail for my
podcast do you know what I heard when I
created impressive art as a thumbnail
for my podcast people said yeah that's
impressive you know what we like better
is just a picture of you holding your
coffee cup a whole bunch of people said
that I'm like really I worked really
hard on this
you know even though AI did most of the
work it's a huge pain in the ass to find
out which one to use and get the image
and upload it every day and all that no
value at all and then there was of
course the value of asking AI questions
do you know how many questions I care
about where the information for it
stopped in
2017 turns out nothing there was nothing
of interest to me that I couldn't look
at on Wikipedia that was from 2017 17
back so if it didn't happen recently
turns out I had very little interest
because it's something I've already
looked into or I could just look on
Wikipedia or just Google it so it didn't
really do anything for me it didn't
xmart it couldn't answer any question
that was edgy it was just worthless so
it was extra
work so here's what I like about the AI
for X if I'm using the X platform anyway
which is the genius of what musk is
doing if if you don't if you don't see
the play here let me explain it to you
the main reason I got rid of my AI apps
is because of the friction involved in
Remembering which app it was opening it
up reminding me what the interface is of
creating something and then I had to
figure out how to take that something
and integrated into a post because
that's mostly what I do with stuff on
the xplatform and that friction of going
to the second app or third app maybe you
combine two or three apps was enough to
just make it not worth it so it just
basically wore me down I wasn't getting
enough value to do that much work but if
the AI is just native to the thing I'm
already in do you think I'll use it more
guaranteed
guaranteed the the day that X launches
their own Ai and it's available to me I
will use more AI that day than all of
the AI I've used up before that day and
I did put in some work to spend some
time with it
so
again you you can and and also
apparently um X's AI will be up to dat
so you could do a essentially a Google
Search and get as good a result as
Google I think this this is the
indication
um because it's not limited to
2017 the biggest problem with it so just
think of the things that musk has added
he gave it a personality because it has
a sense of humor and that will be that
will feel like a
personality he got rid of the friction
of going to another app we'll see how
well he implements that but I think he's
going to nail that so he's got
personality got rid of friction uh got
rid of cost because it comes free with a
premium um subscription that you would
want for other reasons so for a lot of
people it's free and it will be free for
the people who tend to be power users of
things in general so that makes
sense um and then it has uh it's up to
dat so just and it's and it's probably
not woke it's probably not overly woke
don't know that yet but probably
um so think about all those
improvements to the product personality
no friction of the other app for premium
users no
expense uh it's up
toate and it's not woke it's not
crippled by being
woke I swear to God he already
won I I I feel like the contest hasn't
started and he already won now one of
the things that I think Elon Musk is uh
underrated for which seems weird because
you know he has such esteem in what he
does but I think he's way
underrated in product
design and by product design I mean he
understands the the human mind in a way
that he can build a product that just
fits right in it
perfectly right for for example when he
built the first
Tesla he knew that he had to make the
first sports car do something that no
regular car could do in other words it
was just like fast as because it
was electric so he could do things that
a motorized engine couldn't do so he
gave rich people the kind of people who
would collect cars that are too
expensive because it was too expensive
he gave them the best reason to buy
it this car may have many things that
your regular car doesn't but one thing
it has it'll be
faster and then people bought it and
then he he created a market because he
knew the psychology of a certain kind of
buyer and then he could chase that into
broadening his products and you know
proving the market and now it's
Tesla right
so and then of course in
SpaceX uh he built the reusable
rocket that was the key product uh
differential
is the primary launcher of anything into
space in the entire
world because he improved his product to
fix that one product problem now he has
a better product so you'll see that in
everything he does that uh you know even
the what is it uh ridiculous mode on the
Tesla what's that called Insanity mode
or what's the name of that ridiculous
mode ludicrous ludicrous ludicrous mode
what is the point of ludicrous
mode the point of it is you can't feel
it anywhere
else people will pay for a feeling they
can't feel anywhere else so he gives
them ludicrous mode how useful is
ludicrous mode not at all it's not
really
useful it's just something you can't
feel anywhere else you can't make your
car make a fart sound but you can make
the Tesla do it again something you
can't do somewhere else so here uh
musk's ability to design a product is I
think
unparalleled and you're going to see
that with AI I've thought that from the
beginning that AI was poorly designed as
an interface which is weird because it's
AI have you thought the same that all of
the AI interfaces to this point have
such bad
interfaces that they're almost
unusable a bet you he solves that and we
haven't seen its interface but I'll I'll
bet you I'll bet you you can easily
upload other content to it which is the
other big problem with
AI all right
um so I'm seeing more and more data
about how people don't want to get
married and there are structural reasons
they don't um they don't have enough
money to buy a house and start a family
that's the big one I think but more to
the point we don't offer
men and women don't offer each other
enough value like they used to so in the
old days you needed I mean it was
literally a survival mechanism to make
sure that you had a little unit that
would work together one would make some
babies so you had some future uh one
would protect you and you know kill
animals and stuff so it all worked and
so as long as everybody needed it it was
more likely it would
last um at the moment of course any
woman can get a job and get her own
money and um have a child or not and you
know so basically we don't need each
other in the way we used to and the the
obvious outcome of that is uh less
reproduction and less satisfying
lives but I would like to offer that
almost
certainly there will be a counter Trend
that will address this and and I think
what it's going to look like is
something more like a virtual
tribe because if you look at the
problems that people have not being in a
family unit you could you could take
each of these problems say all right
problem number one uh don't get enough
sex problem number two
lonely problem three you don't have a
purpose right you're not working toward
a purpose so much and you could make a
list of all those things I would argue
you that there may be a way for those
people who just are never going to fit
into the traditional marriage
situation that there's some kind of a
tribal
solution and that we may be seeing this
in some of the activism and the antifa
and the blms and everything that
the the uh the Allure of being in a
group because you're not in a family
group is so strong because we're just
naturally built that way um I've
accidentally created some form of this
through the locals subscription site so
the people on the locals platform who
follow me at Scott adams. locals.com
um and this is also part of what I've
told you before that the the uh the
customer doesn't I'm sorry you don't
tell your customer what your product is
you try but in the end the customer
tells you what your product is cuz if
you thought you were selling a uh can
opener but all your customers bought it
to use is a hammer you're selling
hammers there's nothing you can do about
it you could tell them it's can opener
all day long but if the only thing they
use it for is to pound nails you made a
hammer so
um my uh locals people I thought was
going to be mostly me you know giving
them my content and it you know it
largely is that on the on the surface
but what it turned into is a whole bunch
of people who didn't um many of them
especially older ones who don't have a
family to go home to a night they listen
to my usually nightly manave uh live
streams and it's turned into a whole
different thing that was not part of the
plan and what it turned into is some
kind of a
self-supporting tribal digital tribe in
which the members have um let's say
self- selected and
self-organized to help each other in a
number of ways so sometimes it's just
you know some
congratulations so so one of the weird
little things that happens is somebody
will be on the live stream at night and
they'll say something like I got that
big
promotion and then we all genuinely say
congratulations great job and then a
whole bunch of people say great job and
then we all feel good because we made a
member of the tribe feel good about an
accomplishment now that's a that's you
know just one little thing that a family
could give you like a family could make
you feel like you'd you done something
useful you know that you'd succeeded if
you had a win so we do that for each
other there there are a number of other
situations where people have jumped in
and actually got involved personally to
solve some problem and none of it's
planned it's just that we've decided to
be a little group by choice and when I
first started doing it it was just part
of
my putting things on the on the platform
to see what people liked so it was still
I was still in content mode oh here's
some content I'll give you some extra
and the man gave but it it morphed for
me until it's a a vital part of my
mental health so when I when I I do this
in the morning I think of this as more
of content because it's a one
directional um but when I do the man
cave I'm doing that as much for myself
I'm I'm having an experience a social
experience which does not fill all of my
needs that you know a marriage would
fill but it fills a whole bunch of
important ones that I wouldn't have
anticipated specifically the
loneliness right so here's what I'm
going to predict I think that because
we're digitally connected that we will
start to form tribal entities that are
some people in person and some people at
a distance now my my actual physical
life is Sor of is starting to
self-organize in a similar way which is
that there are a variety of people in my
life and they have uh
contributions and I have contributions
to them
and when you sum it all together it
creates something like a satisfying life
for Scott but you know it's easier for
me because you know I have a public
position so it's easier for me to
self-organize in that way but somehow
we're going to have to figure out how a
regular person can feel connection and
I'm going to I'm going to finish it with
this thought that to put a little uh put
a little brain on top of the
thought um I saw this
quote the other day and I took a
screenshot so I definitely wouldn't
forget um it was from um some Instagram
account from aen Yan I don't know if
that's who the speaker is but just sh
this guy so he's on the stage I think
it's a dead do and he said that the this
the opposite of addiction so he's
talking about alcohol and drugs the
opposite of addiction is not
sobriety it's human
connection that's actually the secret
for why the uh the Alcoholics Anonymous
Works they replace your addiction not
with sobriety but with a social network
that's going to be there every night no
matter what and they definitely
understand understand
you that's why it works for the longest
time I've been trying to figure out why
does this AA stuff work and why is it
the only thing that you know sometimes
people say it's the only thing that
works and the answer is they figured out
this one thing that the
opposite of addiction is human
connection so they give you human
connection
so the the the fact that he's talking
about the the addiction um domain
doesn't make that less important for the
rest of
you and um I I'll tell you that
um do you ever think to yourself what
you would remember if you died like if
you knew you were dying in 10 minutes
and they say your
life goes in front of your your your
mind so I I do that exercise a
lot
um and I can tell you that there's not a
single thought that I'm going to have in
my last 10 minutes that doesn't involve
other people not
one it's all about the human connections
to the
end so speaking of human
connections thanks for joining me go
find some human connections and get
yourself back in the
world and YouTube I will talk to you
tomorrow bye for
now