pom pom pom pom pom pom pom pom pom pom
pom pom you know behind me that's one of
my biggest fans hey everybody come on in
here coming to you at a non-standard
time once again because I'm in a
different time zone I apologize for that
tweet that I had tweeted yesterday of my
vacation here because I know it made a
lot of people feel bad if you're in cold
weather but I had to do it anyway
alright come on in here it's time for
the simultaneous hip it doesn't matter
if you've got a cup a mug a thermos a
Stein a chalice any kind of a container
put your favorite liquid in there I like
coffee then join me for the simultaneous
it oh oh yeah oh yeah so oh hello
didn't mean to do that
so let's talk about a few things in the
news so I understand that Adam Schiff
it's going to open up a whole bunch of
and I guess the the Democratic House is
going to open up a whole bunch of
investigations into the president's
personal finances on Russia what does
that tell you reading between the lines
everybody read between the lines the
Democratic House is opening up a whole
bunch of investigations on Trump's taxes
and his business dealings with Russia
what did you just learn by the fact that
the house opened up all those
investigations you just learned that the
Democrats don't believe Muller has
anything am I wrong
if the Democrats believed that Muller
was going to put the hammer down and
then Muller had the goods would they
open up 17 unnecessary investigations
for a president that would be certainly
impeached if not arrested immediately
yeah but then I think the fact that the
Democrats are going with a whole bunch
of new annoying investigations probably
probably indicates that the Democrats
themselves believe Muller doesn't have
anything because if he did but if he did
do you really need to do anything else
you just wait a few weeks get everything
you want now that's certainly not any
kind of a guarantee that I know what's
in their head but it doesn't make sense
any under any other scenario if you were
sure that Muller had the goods or even
if he thought there was a good chance
wouldn't you wait a few weeks it's a lot
of work to get all cranked up to do more
investigations when Muller would have
already found out what's happening in
Russia to me it's a signal that they've
they know the let's say what's they know
the clip is empty
so that's horrible now I I have to tell
you that when when I read the news and
CNN and of course the front page of
CNN's website is just all about the
extra investigations it's going to be
investigations investigations
investigation Palooza now as you know C
then loves their investigations because
it gives them something to jabber about
all day long and how did they talk about
it they talk about it doing the if news
you know the if news if true this is big
if there's any problem in those taxes
the president's in trouble if he had any
business dealings with Russia we'll find
them if if if if if so it's the if news
coming up but I gotta tell you when I
when I saw the you know this is
obviously the new push is going to be
about these investigations because they
sort of run out of other material is it
my imagination or let me ask you this
question it wasn't long ago maybe a year
ago when Democrats were talking
seriously as a no joke
the president has mental problems and
he's you know should be removed for
office for incompetence and he could not
possibly continue in this job wasn't
that only a year ago why did they stop
saying that if you think your president
is actually crazy and actually needs to
be removed for office because he's
actually mentally unstable do you do you
make noise about it for a couple months
and then if nothing happens you say well
we gave it our best try we get we gave
it our best shot
hey do you know what you can't spell
shift without if ya
you can't spell shift without f
sorry I just got sidetracked by to my
own clever observation there's no shift
without an F alright and so but my point
is if it used to be the biggest priority
in the world to get rid of this
president because he's mentally unstable
why do you stop talking about that well
what would be the justification for
saying well we made some noise about it
I guess people didn't want to remove him
yes he is crazy yes we we're actually
quite sure that he's mentally unstable
but we've decided that's another
priority anymore it's just not a
priority so I think we can put to bed
that they ever believed he was mentally
unstable at least in a serious way so we
know that that was crazy
it looks like the molar investigation
they don't believe was going to come up
with anything the the Don jr. meeting in
which she had the phone call with the
block number that we know is a big old
nothing do you remember the other things
we were worried about we were worried
about the Husein let's go down the list
of things that we were not we but the
Democrats were worried about they were
worried that the economy would tank
what's the biggest thing that they they
complain about the economy now the
biggest complaint about the economy is
that it's a tremendous economy and we're
not giving enough credit to Obama for
forgetting the economy of running
strongly now I've said before many times
and I'll say again I to give credit to
Obama for the economy so that you know
what he did to get us from the brink of
total destruction to a solid and growing
base cannot be ignored if we're going to
give any if will give you of any
president credit for the economy even if
you've got a two-term president
and the economy's up that's that's got
to be on the present likewise we've got
two years in this new president you
can't ignore that the economy is better
than it's ever been ever so so he says
you've lost me I tell you if you if you
can't listen to an objective statement
that the economy was good under Obama
and and improving if that's too much for
you and you're out I'm out I'm out there
are people in the comments saying I'm
out and you've gone too far now you lost
me
anyway that's funny I would like to have
fewer people watching my periscopes who
care handle the fact that maybe maybe
another president did something right
right so they they gave up on he's gonna
ruin the economy talking about Trump
so that was one belief they gave up on
their giving up it looks like I'm the
Moller investigation they're kind of
giving up on that rush had made any
serious difference to the election
they're giving up I think that Trump
would be a person who had start wars was
it wasn't one of the one of the things
they were afraid of is like my god he's
going to start wars now nothing like
that you remember he was gonna be the
anti-gay president because a lot of the
LGBTQ community was was worried well
what was one of the big focuses of his
State of the Union eradicating aids so
he went hard at aids I don't know if
anybody saw that coming right so I think
Trump has been the most in a weird way
maybe the most Pro LGBTQ president in
part because he's the current president
and I think you could say that most of
the presidents have sort of evolved as
time has evolved so you know
realistically speaking whoever was
president
they would probably be the most evolved
president on that topic just because
it's today that just happens to be Trump
he just happens to be the president and
he happens to be the most evolved
president on LGBTQ the the fact these
Republican doesn't seem to make any
difference I've said this before and
this is one of those reframing things
that make some people's minds spin if
you wanted to have a more Perot LGBTQ
world and by Pro let's say just
everybody's equal you know not not
putting anybody had you would mostly
want to have convinced conservatives
because the Conservatives are the ones
who had issues with the LGBTQ community
Trump is the one who convinces his own
side because the left didn't need any
convincing you know they were already
Pro LGBTQ and if there were any
questions it was more on the
conservative side Trump comes into
office and who does he persuade he
doesn't persuade the left as we can
obviously see they they haven't changed
in a serious way but you just don't even
hear anybody on the right saying anti
LGBTQ stuff it just completely went away
and I think probably one of the biggest
sort of stealth accomplishments of this
president is that by being so
comfortable from the start being so
comfortable from the very first day with
you know all things LGBTQ marriage is
emits a special question but I think
that's settled law at this point I think
that he he changes yeah I think that
Trump changes the tone on the right in a
way that the left is should like but
probably doesn't
the mill the military situation is the
the most special case of all special
cases meaning that the military
explicitly has the right to discriminate
so you can't compare the military to any
other situation the the military has the
explicit right to discriminate when it
makes sense now they could be wrong
about what it makes sense but if the
argument is that there's any readiness
or extra expense I'm not the expert on
that so if the argument is based on
practical stuff and the practical stuff
is say we think this community will have
more medical issues and that would
affect readiness that's either true or
false
that's either true or false if it's
false then then we should not be making
rules around false facts if it's true
then the military has has every right to
discriminate they discriminate against
people with all kinds of situations at
times you come off as quite pompous
somebody says are you telling me there
are times I do not come off as pompous I
think when when I come off as pompous
you're just saying that I disagree with
you because it feels that way because
what I agree with you with confidence
what do you say if I confidently agree
with you do you ever say that guy's
pompous no you say that guys pretty
smart because he agrees with me what
what do you say when I say with exactly
the same level of confidence that
there's something that that you think
that's not quite true well you say a lot
guys arrogant what an arrogant douche
it's kind of all the same I I say
everything with the same degree of
confidence that I probably shouldn't
have
let's talk about confidence I read about
this in my upcoming book called lose I
think and so here's a little mini lesson
haul I'll insert here if you believe
that your ego if you believe your ego is
who you are then your I would say your
your disadvantaged in life because if
you're managing to protect your ego
you're probably making all the wrong
choices but if you usually go as a tool
that you can dial up when you want to
and dial down when you want to then
you're probably in a good place I would
argue that President Trump uses his ego
as a tool because you've seen him go
into situations where you know he will
be mocked mercilessly and he seems to be
willing to do it anyway you've seen him
say I can take the heat and sure enough
it can take the heat so the president as
as completely opposite of what people
say about him which is he's a
narcissistic we observe that he seems to
uses ego as a tool when it's when it's
important to say that his his
accomplishments were great and he'd be a
great president and all the things that
candidates say he dials it up and tells
the world he's the greatest thing ever
which is actually quite useful it's a
it's a it's a tool and then when he
needs to take the heat for something
instead of worrying about how it will
make him look he just takes the heat it
doesn't matter how horrible the heat is
he just goes and he takes it so that's a
good model you will note that I do the
same so when you hear me talking in ways
that you you think are too confident
what are the other things people say
narcissistic well less that in this case
too confident arrogant and whatever the
other word was used here that's because
of what I'm doing do you know how do you
know how annoying it would be do you
know how annoying it would be pompous
yes do you know how annoying it would be
if I said everything with uncertainty
you would hate it so the venue I'm in is
about talking confidently about things
does that that's part of the show when
I'm wrong and you saw the classic
example of it with the Covington kids my
first opinion was was the wrong opinion
and I immediately apologized and
corrected but was I embarrassed
was I embarrassed about being so
spectacularly wrong in public no not at
all
because I like the president I treat my
ego as a tool in that case my ego would
have been the wrong tool for the job the
right tool for the job
was an immediate apology with the
correction that was the right tool for
the job so I use that tool the right
tool for this job is to give you my
opinions with confidence because you
wouldn't like it any other way
now and when I say things you don't like
that's part of the show saying stuff you
don't like is why you watched the this
periscope people don't watch this
periscope to just hear stuff they
already agree with there there are other
there are other shows that give you that
this isn't it all right what else did I
say I was going to talk about you know
after I started the periscope I've got
the little title subjects and
oh joy behar so it turns out that there
have there were quite a few people who
at one time in their life have warned
some kind of blackface costume and joy
behar is the latest one now she might
get a pass for two reasons one of course
she's a famous liberal and I don't think
anybody thinks she's an actual racist so
it should matter that people know for
sure you're not a racist look that
should matter right and again here's
something you don't like to hear I know
you don't want to hear that anybody
would go soft on the people you don't
like but that shouldn't matter it should
matter to everybody will she get in
trouble for it probably not now part of
what she part of what she did which was
slightly different is she used a darker
makeup which is different than blackface
at least different only in the color I
suppose but that might be enough might
be enough for her to get away with it oh
my god I'd love to see what Whoopi
Goldberg says I'm sure they'll talk
about it anyway let's talk about
Virginia so I feel like I'm getting to
this Virginia thing late because
everybody has already made all the good
jokes and said all the things they can
but I swear to God I had literally
forgotten that the the governor had said
what he said about late term abortions
you know where this all started with the
governor talking about the late term
abortions and quite literally
I'd forgotten because of this blackface
thought it just took over all the news
and then the then the lieutenant
governor's accusations and then you've
got the he the Attorney General which is
the funniest I think the Attorney
General just took this to a whole new
level of funny because he actually
called for the governor's to step down
and then and then he gets up you said he
was misquoted yes the the governor was
misquoted is probably that's not exactly
the wrong miss Florida's not exactly
what happened
because it wasn't about the exact words
it was that the meaning out of context
was taken wrong so I'm gonna give you
I'm gonna give you a comparison that
you're not gonna like do you know how I
always talked about the Charlottesville
hoax and how the news reports that when
the president said they're fine people
on both sides what he was talking about
was the both sides of the statue
question but the news illegitimately
reported that he was talking about the
waste premises being fine people that's
still reported like its effect on CNN
and it's just not it's just clearly not
a fact likewise something analogous to
that's happening with this late term
abortion stuff if you go to the New York
Times for example they will tell you in
clear language that everything you
thought about that was fake news has
been fact checked and the real news is
that the only situations where these
late term abortions happen typically
they only happen like a little bit after
the cutoff for the legal abortions you
know the early term abortions so they
don't typically happen you know it would
be the rarest thing in the world to have
a late term abortion you know the day
you were going to deliver right
so what late term means is just not
early but it could be just slightly
later than is legal so that would be the
majority of them and in most of those
cases there would be a non-viable fetus
meaning that they could deliver it but
it's just going to die it doesn't have
any chance of living so the the right is
still reporting on this serious people
as though the law intended and
and the intention is the important point
here there anybody who was involved with
law intended that a woman would have the
right to kill a baby after it's born for
any reason isn't that they could just
not feed it or something and just let it
die in the table there that was never
true right it is true and a lot of lot
of you were gonna argue with me just
like people argue about Charlottesville
but those of you who believe that that
governor was in favor of letting a live
baby that could have a chance of living
let that baby die that was not
contemplated so so that's fake news on
both sides and again let me be clear I'm
not giving you an opinion my opinion on
abortion I'm just telling you that the
right continuously misrepresents what
that law was about in exactly the same
way the left misrepresents
Charlottesville mental illness allowed
no mental mental health yeah so the
people who are saying read the bill I
did I read it I read the the language
that mattered and it's pretty clear that
it's just a Charlottesville example yeah
the the governor was uninformed in
awkward and he totally blew how he
described it and it's also true that the
law seems poorly written so you're
you're taking the fact that he was an
idiot the way he described it and that
the law itself was bad so the letter of
the law was seemed to allow things that
you wouldn't want to allow but that
clearly was nobody's intention
the letter of the law counts yeah that's
why it was defeated the letter of the
law counts and that's probably a big
reason why it was defeated because the
letter of law counts but he can moonwalk
as somebody says yeah exactly
she said abortion up to time of birth
that is correct
so I know you're still flailing to make
this true because you're looking for the
technicality but wait
she actually said those words and wait
the words on that bill actually say that
and of context true and certainly
nobody's it was nobody's intention that
a live baby would be born and then
somebody would say you know I'll have
mental illness if this Bobby baby
continues to live so maybe we should
kill the baby to take care of mine into
mental illness that never happened and
that's what a lot of people on the right
believe happened all right let's play
this game because I really want you to
get mad at me now tell me a topic and
I'll tell you if it's conspiracy theory
or true you want to play this game I'll
see it a few while you're thinking about
it the Cuban embassy the sonic weapon I
say conspiracy theory or at least fake
news here's another one
Charlottesville Charlottesville of fake
news he was talking about the statutes
how about the the idea that we can tax
the rich enough to pay for health care
fake news what about chemtrails fake
news moon-landing true and like I'm
definitely not on the sandy hook
conspiracy theory 9/11 true 9/11 true in
the sense that it was bin Laden there's
definitely a question about building
five I'll just say I don't believe the
conspiracy theories Vegas shooting was
exactly what it looked like it was a guy
who wanted to show us he was evil and he
wanted to die
Venezuela Rothschilds I don't believe
any of the Rothschilds stuff global
warming that's its own topic because I'm
still in the middle of investigating
that New York State abortion law true or
fake
well there's a real law I'm not sure
which is the fake part Trump tax returns
bombshell or nothing both there will be
plenty of fake bomb shells in there but
probably nothing real chemtrails are
fake Q is fake deep state is true ish
but maybe not in the sense of a massive
group that has meetings I think they all
doesn't know what they want and there's
some there's some embedded people who
act as though the deep state
RGB yeah Ruth gay turbans Berg is alive
or as building 7 is the sketchy one yeah
building seven I've got my questions
about that
Harvard scientist alien ship I don't
know about that one Faiza gate well I'm
the molar investigation here's the thing
that you can't rule out that the the
deep so-called deep state people in the
FBI believe what they were doing so some
of it some of it might have been they
believed something was there but we saw
him we saw us that email that at least
one of them didn't think there was
something there anyway CIA controls
media true I would say that the CIA
controlling the media or at least
controlling members of the media to get
their stories end is true vaccines
causing autism not true
North Korea D nuked no they have not yet
Diamond North Korea is still making
missiles unknown but possibly true
trilateral commission you mean
JFK Jesse Smollett I don't want to get
sued for let's say also I'll say that
carefully the Jesse Smollett story based
on what we know it would be deeply
unlikely that it's true but not
impossible
deeply unlikely is Brandon going to jail
unlikely birth certificate yeah no
comment I will say that Obama is
definitely a citizen so that that part
all say Clinton body count well
certainly the entire body count would be
fake news yeah if if anybody was ever
killed by a Clinton associate in the
entire time they've been in office I
don't know you could totally
I don't know if you could rule that out
but I don't rule it in Bigfoot no EMF
pollution I don't know that situation
and earthquake machines I don't think so
yeah I think Muller will come up with
nothing
nothing important anyway Kevin Spacey
come back I don't know how
uranium one fake news Seth rich I have
to be careful and Seth rich people get
sued for saying stuff about that I'll
say the you can't rule out that it was
just one of those unexplained things or
you know maybe there was some sketchy
police work but the the the far more
likely the likely explanation for things
like the Seth rich story if you're if
you're just looking at it from the
outside the likely explanation is things
that you didn't think of you know could
have been the crazy guy could have been
you know a jilted lover or could have
been anything so Justice Scalia well
Justice Scalia
I'd say that's I'll keep that an open
question
that one I don't believe that he was
murdered but I also wouldn't rule it out
we talked about Seth Ridge I don't know
what project Merlin is Russia hacked
Clinton emails possible but not
confirmed in my opinion
MK ULTRA what was MKULTRA was that where
they were was MKULTRA where the CIA was
affecting the news I forget what that
one was all right
aliens The Young Turks Epstein stories
true
well he's pleaded guilty to his stories
I read the Jeffrey Epstein a book about
it and that is you you have no idea how
much happened and that Jeffrey Epstein
story like you you know what he was
accused of but when you read the book
the scale of it was astonishing
why do government officials go to
Antarctica I don't know my pillow guy
what about the my pillow guy what's that
good for a conspiracy about that
sheiva actually invented email well
there's documentation to that effect
pedo gate I don't know if anybody
specifically use a pedophile
mind control of course mind control
definitely exists we're all experiencing
it
yeah mind control is definitely real and
that's based on solid science remote
viewing you know what I don't know if I
can tell you this trying to figure out a
way I can tell you something that I've
never told anybody well I never said it
publicly anyway I'll put it this way how
can I say this I guess I can't tell you
I'll tell you this I know more about
remote viewing than almost anybody in
the world so I know that's a strange
claim but I'll say it again because it's
true
I know more about remote viewing and
whether it's true that almost anybody in
the world because I I'll just tell you I
got a I got an insider's look at that
situation and that's all I'm going to
tell you
the Podesta artwork yeah the Podesta
artwork certainly raises some questions
about their at least how their minds
work but that's as far as it goes
talk to us about Julian Assange I don't
fully understand the Julian Assange
situation so there's there's something
about the old Julian Assange thing that
I don't quite understand genetic
diseases 23andme has weapons and I doubt
that or are you saying that 23andme
could tell you what kind of genetic
weapon you could use on what individuals
that's probably technically true
oh but let me let me just say this about
remote viewing I don't believe it's true
so I I will tell you it's been used and
that there are there are claims of
incredible accuracy so that part we know
we know remote viewing was tested by the
government and we know that there are
claims of it being accurate and useful
but my view is that it is not what you
think now I was never again D Pig
Oh Chelsea Clinton is an illegitimate
child of Hillary and web hubbell if you
see the photos of web Hubbell and and
Chelsea it's hard to believe he's not
the dad but I wasn't there so if you had
to bet on the one I'd bet on that one
whom well Hillary in Weinstein I don't
know what that conspiracy is Snowden I'm
not up on Snowden I don't have an
opinion then did Russia really have the
DNC they might have the the farthest you
can go is that's possible but it's also
possible it was somebody who just looked
like they came out of Russia
it's also possible people yeah I'd say
anything's possible on the emails do
penguins actually March vaccines do not
cause autism that would be my opinion
now I doubt I don't think there's any
chance Ruth Bader Ginsburg is dead now
the most the most interesting theory is
that she's being kept alive until it's
Trump's final year of this term so that
the Congress can hold it up and say yeah
we gotta wait for the next president
yeah we talked about the birth
certificate I would just say that Obama
is definitely a citizen but if you're
talking about the the document itself no
comment
Princess Diana I think that was just a
tragic accident Danny Williams I would
say is almost certainly the son of Bill
Clinton that would be my belief if you
see in the pictures and heard the
stories chumps Trump's childhood pastor
was the power of positive thinking guy
that's confirmed
lowering testosterone the men what was
the context of that I I think it's true
that testosterone is lower and maybe
that's maybe that's soybeans or
something I don't know
Atlantis
well it's certainly possible there was a
civilization that's now underwater
Sharia patrol cars in New York well I
saw a story that said that there are
some cars being painted as though they
look like police cars I don't know the
details of that is the government trying
to turn men gay I'd say no and Michelle
Obama is a man probably not
do you like James Woods I don't know him
it's Kamala qualified run yes she is an
American citizen wouldn't worry about
that
I'll just tell you that I don't believe
in remote viewing I don't believe is
real Norman Vincent Peale yes that was
drums
pastor when he was a kid Oswald the only
shooter I'm going to say more likely yes
than now the fire festival all right
Spaghetti Monster is real as far as you
know okay I think we've are there any
other conspiracy theories you'd like to
you haven't really done any of the good
ones his pot of gateway drug
here's the pot is a gateway drug thing
it probably depends how you measure it
it's probably true that someone who's
likely to get into one drug is more
likely to come into contact with people
who do other drugs etc so socially it
probably is but in terms of chemically I
haven't seen the evidence that doing one
makes you want to do the others but
socially probably yes plastics lower
testosterone I wouldn't be surprised
apparently we eat a lot of plastic that
can't be good for us
anything you would change add to my past
books yeah but you'd be kind of boring
to mention them here do I have ambitions
for running for a political office one
day I don't know how any sane person
could have ambitions to run for politics
today
can you imagine it's it's really it's
undoable until we start giving each
others a pass for stuff that happened 20
years ago until that happens I don't
know that we're gonna get good good
candidates
the pool is so small
all right
the simulation of conspiracy I think the
simulation is most likely true
just statistically can we talk about the
government shutting down again I don't
know that there would be any reason to
shut the government down again because
he's he's got that you know it didn't
work the first time it's not gonna work
the second time so I think it's going to
be an emergency declaration is Trudeau
Castro's son I'm going to say yes if
you've seen the pictures and read the
story about about the connection between
Castro and Trudeau's mother and then you
see young Trudeau and you see pictures
of young Castro they do look like the
same guy
the Illuminati does the Illuminati exist
in a sense yes
so the Illuminati is not one
organization running the country or the
world depending on how you like it the
Illuminati is there are competing
powerful forces so there are competing
powerful forces that are sort of like
let's say three or four Illuminati so
there's not one Illuminati there's more
like three or four forces that are
powerful enough that they're they're
vying for who's in charge
was there a Jesus that's a longer
question
yeah we talked about World Trade Center
seven yeah that I think that one's an
open question good Republican win in
California it'd have to be a pretty
special Republican oh here's another one
the one I've been hearing a lot is that
climate change is really a globalist
conspiracy to transfer wealth have you
heard that one there's a video clip in
which a woman says nothing like that
that people keep sending to me to say
here's proof of this elite globalist un
person some woman who is saying
explicitly that the whole point of
climate change is to transfer wealth and
then I played the clip and she doesn't
say that and then people say it's right
there and then I look at it was go I
just listen to it
nothing like that there she does say
something like yet they're they're
hoping to change the economy of the
world she does say that but that's what
a that's what an emphasis on green over
carbon carbon fuel would do it would
change the whole economy of the world so
the the evidence for the conspiracy
theory that the globalist only want
climate change to to get socialism the
strongest evidence is a clip in which
nobody says that that's a that was the
craziest one all right
and M key and little that's funny am i a
new Christian I don't know what that is
well so rather than rather than answer
the question was there a Jesus I'll give
you the general answer how many
religions are there and how many of all
the religions there are true because if
any one of them is true then all of the
other religions are just completely
made-up nonsense right and I'll go to a
quote the famous famous atheist what's
his name who's the famous famous atheist
the British guy Dorkin Dworkin whatever
anyway he's got a great quote he said
that as an atheist the only difference
between him and a believer is that the
Atheist disbelieves one additional
religion because if you have religion
you are also a disbeliever of all the
other religions that are not your
religion so there's not that much
difference between an atheist and the
believer in terms of how many religions
they each believe just just one
difference
is mr. Zach I'm doing your new book
loser think he is yes he is
yeah so my new book has the same
publisher as my my very first big
bestseller the Dilbert principle and my
other recent books as well when Bigley
as well Christopher Hitchens
what is christopher hitchens Oh people
are saying now he's not the atheist I
was thinking
Dawkins I was saying here Dawkins his IQ
a valid measure Talib disagrees with
Peterson I haven't caught the nuance of
that disagreement but I'll give you my
opinion my opinion is that a very small
percentage of these smart people do all
of the important things that smart
people have to do
meaning that you and I at least most of
you that this is a general generality
but you and I are not inventing anything
you and I are not the greatest
scientists in the world so would it
matter if your if your IQ is 10 points
higher than mine does that matter
because neither of us are using you know
our IQ in any serious way you know if
you can support yourself you're probably
smart enough so I would say maybe we put
too much emphasis on it but IQs the real
thing
I mean it's it's embate it's
unambiguously true that smarter people
have an advantage you know that part
doesn't seem controversial No
Oh
all right jesus loves me somebody says
good to know all right I think I've said
enough and I will talk to you tomorrow
bye for now