I'm pom pom pom pom pom pom pom pom pom
pom pom pom hey everybody come on in
here those of you who are not glued to
the Muller testimony which I call the
summer reruns
it's Muller again you know you can't get
enough of Mahler you know what I can't
get enough of the Muller report we'll
talk about that in a little bit but we
have a special guest who I hope will be
signing in any moment so we can we can
talk to him all introduce them in a
moment but but we have to do first
things first and the first thing first
is we have to do a little thing called
the simultaneous sip it starts when you
grab a cup or a mug or a glass it might
be a Stein a cellist accurate it could
be a thermos maybe a flask it could be a
canteen or even a vessel of any kind you
could fill it with your favorite liquid
I'm partial to coffee and it's because
of the dopamine yet I get every little
sip of coffee that I enjoy with you goes
straight to my brain wakes me up it
makes the day amazing join me now for
the unparalleled pleasure of the
simultaneous that good stuff let me do a
little check in here and it looks as
though we have our guests and I'm going
to invite him and introduce them at the
same time because I can do more than one
thing at a time David are you here Dave
hey let me give you a little
introduction we have as our guest dr.
David middleman and David is the CEO of
auth room am i pronouncing that
correctly yes
the first technology company to apply
all of the power keywords all of the
power of modern sequence of modern
sequencing and genomics in a forensics
environment in other words solving
crimes and dr. Middleton got his started
in the human genome project so he knows
what he's doing and later received his
PhD in biophysics from Baylor College of
Medicine and you've worked in the lezzy
Baylor's human genome sequencing center
and you've been involved in some
startups and now you are the CEO of
author and you know your stuff you know
your genome would that be fair to say
yeah all right so let's get right into
the the fun meat of this what is it that
the FBI and and crime organizations
could do before with DNA and what is it
that Ahram brings that's different and
new sure so the you may have heard of
CODIS that's the set of markers that I
established for identifying people was
built 30 years ago and it's it relies in
looking at 20 markers in your DNA and if
you take those markers and and and and
mark them then if you leave your DNA
somewhere they can make the claim that
you were at that at that point either at
a crime scene or somewhere and the DNA
matches because the 20 markers that you
have in the crime scene match so in
essence the current DNA use would be not
really much more sophisticated than a
fingerprint in the sense that if you
don't already have somebody's
fingerprints on file it's not going to
help you to catch their fingerprints at
the scene because there's nothing to
match it to would that be a good analogy
that's correct
the premise is that when you find
somebody and that way if they committed
another crime you'll catch them again
all right so what do you bring that's
different from the that current model
where they have to be in the database
already or or you can't catch them there
are two things that we're bringing
the table the first one is instead of
looking at twenty markers we look at the
entire genome so there's there's three
billion letters to look at lots of
markers so we look at all of it
the second thing that we do is we focus
on using that information to either
describe somebody or identify someone
without having to have them in in the
FBI database so they don't need to have
been previously identified to be found
using this approach and how does that
work how do you find somebody by their
DNA if you don't already have a copy to
to look for so there's a lot of things
you can learn from DNA you know just to
run through a brief list
first of all just looking at your DNA
sequence you could infer where where you
might have been from your ancestral
lineage there's information that that
you can find in the mitochondrial
sequence that's the part of the DNA that
you get only from mom and you can trace
the maternal lineage several generations
back if you're a guy you've also got a y
chromosome that comes only from your dad
you can follow that all the way back all
the rest of your DNA can be used to
basically match you as close as possible
to parts of the world where other folks
with the same DNA would have originated
from those so give me that in in
layman's terms is that going to tell me
if I'm if you're looking for a
perpetrator who's Irish or elbonian or
or Anna could I mean through the history
of time country borders have changed but
certainly like gross approximations of
where in the world your your folks or
you may have come from is determinable
from DNA okay and could you go so far as
to tell somebody's let's say height or
could you tell okay yes so so once we
get to that point the next thing we can
do is and just jumping jumping back to
the ancestry part is if you know where
people who are from the world you can
find people that are relatives right so
you can find relative matches you can
find recent close and distant relatives
and then and then moving away from
relationship testing you can definitely
determine a lot of things about
certainly physically and and there's
there's things that you'll find for
example I'm like you know tools like
23andme you know other sites that try to
describe eye color hair color but it's
gotten a lot more advanced my co-founder
Steve Shu he works in an area called
polygenic scores so so for a long time
we were looking for markers where one
gene would cause one disease sickle cell
anemia is a good example you have one
gene one little change and that one gene
causes a very obvious change in the way
you are yup sickle cell anemia now but
what we've discovered is a lot of traits
including physical traits they're
determined by many genes and many
markers in many genes and around genes
and so that's why they call it telegenic
there's lots of genetic factors that are
playing a role and polygenic scores take
sometimes tens of thousands of markers
into consideration in determining what
you look like and so so yes to answer
your question using polygenic scores my
co-founder Steve Shu has been able to
predict height for example down to
inches wow that's a pretty high research
is is it possible and I'm sure you can't
quite do it today but could you imagine
a time where we could reconstruct an
actual artist rendition of a perpetrator
of a crime from nothing but a good
sample of DNA so I think I think it
would be challenging to draw someone's
face from scratch from DNA but certainly
a lot of the landmarks and a lot of the
unique features on your face many of
which are used in face recognition those
probably have genetic correlates and so
so certainly you would be able to to
match faces to DNA sequences well so
what what databases do you have
available to you to you or just law
enforcement have it available to find a
relative because if you can find a
relative then your your narrowing it
down right so yeah we found a cousin and
you can ask the cousin a cousin do you
know anybody and your family who lives
in you know Detroit and then you might
you might be able to narrow down
well but what databases does law
enforcement have access to accepts or
dated a law-enforcement's own databases
so a lot of folks have been using public
genealogy databases the one that's been
on the news the most is Jed match there
are some other commercial and public
databases that are available that have
aggregated consumer data there's 26
million people that have been tested
with consumer tests and and that doesn't
include everyone has been tested this is
a consumer test like 23andme and
ancestry but a lot of them will move
their data to other sites so they can
compare you know themselves so for
example let's say you tested an ancestry
and I tested at 23andme and we think we
might be brothers there's no way for us
to compare because the databases are
separate so you and I might choose to
put our data into a public database and
there I can compare directly to you and
say ah you're my brother you can use
that same approach if you're trying to
find the relationship to a sample from a
person you don't know and it's a little
more yeah so now you have me worried so
I have used 23andme and I have checked
the box that says can you see if you can
connect me with any family members who
might also be part of the system have I
without knowing it have I released my
DNA
no beyond Biondi and 23andme you have
not so 23 does an exceptional job of
preserving privacy and they do not allow
access to their database and you were
entirely safe from any any public
sharing if you keep your DNA within
23andme now but wait both but that means
that law enforcement also does not have
access to it right that's correct
and whether that changes in the future
who knows you probably remember in the
90s Internet service providers would
guard their data very preciously but
after a few subpoenas they kind of
started working a little bit more so I
don't know where the future will go but
certainly their policy is not to
cooperate with law enforcement and what
about the ancestry databases
ancestry.com and anything like that do
they they also protect yours your
DNA ancestry.com also also has a closed
policy you can't search that database
unless you're in the database so then
one databases are there except for
databases in which I have willingly
given my DNA but they're going to
protect it so what sources do you have
that you that law enforcement has access
to yes so again we might choose to move
our data to a public database one of
them is called Jed match his GED MATC H
and and that's one of a few databases
that are out there that allow you to
move your data willingly to a space
where you can compare across companies
okay but and at this point are there
enough people who have done that so they
what let's say what percentage of US
citizens would you say have at least a
relative in the first or second cousin
closeness who are in a database would
you say that we're at a point where 20
percent of us have at least one relative
who's in a database that law enforcement
could get to or is a closer to 80
percent well hopefully mastering it is
like you know if you look for example at
Northern Europeans
so people with northern European
ancestry you probably need about a
hundred thousand people unrelated to
have a 90 percent chance of finding
someone down to like a second or third
cousin and so so that's that's kind of
an indirect way of answering your
question that's that's a analysis that
we did you'd probably had a hundred
thousand unrelated Northern Europeans to
grab 90% of us Northern Europeans to a
second or third cousin and and Jed match
for example has over a million people in
their database so I would say I would
say there's a fair chance
certainly for folks of Northern European
ancestry that you can find you can find
some connection now it's not perfect I
mean a third cousin is very very
distantly related obviously and and and
it doesn't guarantee that you can work
up
we tree and figure out who the person is
but I think there's a reasonable chance
and I think it'll only increase if you
look at the growth in consumer genetic
testing it's um it's grown tremendously
and it's you know and and there's more
and more data being pushed in the public
sector so so the other thing that you
guys do is you reconstruct bad DNA
samples right so if there's a crime
scene or it's an old crime scene yep
so how how groundbreaking is your is
your methodology for reconstructing some
DNA that maybe in the old days you
couldn't use at all yeah I think I think
that's actually the the exciting part
for me anyways because we know on the
data side data will increase it's like
it's like face recognition eventually
there'll be more and more data the
question isn't should be used if the
question is how do we use it responsibly
it would be no better to say we should
stop doing face recognition that's not
gonna happen
on the lab side there the DNA as it sits
you know DNA is pretty stable but as it
sits for decades and decades if two
things happen number one it gets
chemically damaged and it begins to
break into little pieces and the smaller
the pieces the harder it is to analyze
and the second thing is it gets mixed up
with other stuff gets contaminated it
can be mixed with other DNA can be mixed
with bacteria and so all those things
make it incredibly challenging and
usually a very little DNA right it's
like you have tons of blood there's like
a little piece of a bone or you know a
stain be the clothing and so it's a real
challenge to be able to get any useful
information off such a small sample and
we've done a lot on the laboratory side
to do things like complete the bacterial
content so we can have more human and
have the ability to pull that sequence
more cost-effectively we we've done
we've done work to see if we can really
really take down to the lowest levels of
limits and still you know very tiny
quantities of DNA there's still be able
to get most of the sequence back we
don't get all the so yes so so we're
competing with the the Muller
investigation here so so good so I'm
gonna guess I'll never compete with so
let me ask some key questions and then
it will wrap up with that
what percentage of less a violent crime
scenes would you guess leave at least
some DNA somewhere if there's violence
and it's the the United States and you
know somebody got hurt what percentage
of them that less they don't have direct
witnesses would also have some DNA that
would be useful
half twenty percent eighty percent what
would you say
that's a good that's a good question i I
don't know okay but because I'm
wondering how close are we getting to a
prediction I made many years ago they're
all badger crimes would be solved
between you you've got the cameras that
are gonna catch everything in public
you've got DNA that will get a lot of
stuff that happens behind closed doors
and then have you heard of any
technology that actually sniffs it can
actually sniff a crime scene as if it
were let's say a mechanical nose have
you ever heard of that technology
I have not because because I was
wondering if that picks up DNA can you
pick up DNA from the air you can DNA can
be aerosolized but but generally these
crime scenes these crime scenes would be
you know the DNA would actually be on
some material and be sitting there so
you'd be basically it'd be less than it
thing and more like scraping so if you
had let's say you had a clean room and
you introduced one naked human just as
an experiment and said walk around the
room and then leave would do you think
we would ever be able to sniff that room
and determine who was there based on
their DNA um we'd be able to get some
information so so you know the FBI talks
a lot about touch DNA so it's like you
touched a doorknob or your your your
hand touched glass you know there's
there's some oily residue left on the on
the window or the glass
can you pull DNA and the answer is
probably yes but um but you know it may
be small that you might only get some of
the DNA right so getting all the DNA
it's gonna be it's gonna be hard from
just a little bit of
just a little bit of a fragment alright
um we're gonna we're gonna wrap up now
is there anything that we need to know
that we did not cover dr. David
middleman CEO of author um what what is
there anything that we left out um no I
think I think I think you're spot-on I
think in the next five to ten years I
think face recognition
and DNA analysis will allow you to
basically identify track and resolve
most most violent crimes and so so I
think that's happening I think the most
important thing we can do is number one
consent and improperly explain to people
what's happening when they share
information about their DNA well in
public databases and also to develop
pulse you're on the right way to use it
I think I think it's naive to just try
to pretend it's not happening or or
suggest that we shouldn't shouldn't use
face recognition or DNA analysis I think
we need an education and if there's a
law enforcement in this country or other
countries I suppose we want to contact
you if they've got a cold case or for
some DNA and they don't know what to do
with it they would find you at a tharam
yeah I am calm and domestic I'm bringing
value to our government okay so you know
so that's oth our a.m. and hopefully
maybe we expose some more people to this
idea they can find you maybe we solved a
few crimes today I appreciate it thanks
for having me all right thank you David
yeah we're we're gonna thank you and
move on alright I wanted you all to hear
that because yeah it's really
interesting to find out where things are
heading you know we've got zillions of
rape kits they haven't been tested we've
got all these colds crimes we've got
questions about crime everywhere
and there are some technologies I could
take a big bite out of that if we use
them right all right you all want to
talk about Muller I turned on Muller a
little bit before I came on and I was
listening to him and I'll tell you my
first impression did you have the same
first impression that Muller doesn't
seem as competent as you hoped he would
be for the
the type of jobs they had did you all
have the same reaction that I don't know
if it's because of age baby there's age
plus some specific physical problem now
I don't have any reason to believe he's
not mentally there but he's not
presenting a an image that makes you
confident wouldn't you say I would say
that people's confidence and his his
ability probably is a bit degraded this
may also explain why he was so invisible
during the entire investigation it seems
as though he was just sort of missing in
action now I thought I would just
thought it was entirely because he was
being professional and didn't want to
talk to the press but maybe there was
another reason maybe talking to the
press was a bad strategy even if he'd
thought it was something he should do
for his job I would expect that there
will be tons of news that comes out of
this and it will all be forgettable news
let me give you a preview of all the
news that's going to come out of this
blah blah blah he used these words
before blah blah blah now he's using
these other words we think these first
words may be slightly in conflict with
these other words unless you listen to
what Bill Bar set which was interpreting
his words but then there were his other
words in the report and then he referred
to the report where his words were and
at the end of it you're gonna say well I
think what happened was whatever I
thought was going to happen in the first
place I thought so people are gonna come
away from this with exactly the same
opinion they went into it most I mean
I'm sure there'll be one or two people
in the United States who changed their
minds but I think the people who say
there was nothing there are gonna listen
to it and say we didn't learn anything
do nothing there and the people who say
there's absolutely something there are
gonna come away from his egg well I
guess we showed the country there's
absolutely
there and the only reason that Muller
did not recommend indictment is because
the president was a sitting president
and then of course the president will
come out and say well no collusion no
obstruction of justice which and by the
way when the president says no
obstruction of justice yeah I would say
that's a pretty generous interpretation
of what's there I would rather say that
what mullard what Muller concluded was
that there's not not evidence of
obstruction of justice
he didn't say that there's obstruction
of justice he said well there's not not
evidence so that's a weird standard to
say that we we can't figure out this
somebody didn't do it
all right so let's wait until the end of
the Moller thing before we can say much
maybe I'll pop back on here maybe I
won't I don't know depends what they say
here's some more fun apparently the
Justice Department is opening an
investigation of the major internet tech
companies to determine whether they
engage in quote anti-competitive
practices how about that so the
government has decided to maybe try to
see if we could have a fair election
this next time because as you know I
think there's Epstein was the expert who
recently told Congress that Google alone
could be moving millions of votes by
manipulating the search there's also a
new video from Project Veritas today in
which a Google insider is saying that we
should be worried about Google
manipulating results The Insider doesn't
seem to be somebody who was personally
involved with any of that stuff
it's just somebody who was on the inside
who was worried about it same as we are
but I don't know that they introduced
any new information but it will look
like that so
it's it helps the narrative so this is
interesting because here's the problem
between now and the election I don't
know how much the Justice Department can
discover but I do think that the big
tech companies and Google I think has
the most don't worry about I do think
that they are probably hustling to clean
up their algorithms so their main it may
not be any in the end there may not be
any kind of legal action but this amount
of scrutiny is going to make it
difficult for Google to rig the election
the way they obviously want it to now
what's interesting is that when you and
I say well Google obviously wanted and
continues to want to manipulate results
and they will go and do that but it
makes you wonder if the people who were
working there at Google would use the
same words to describe what they are
obviously doing I think we're beyond the
point of wondering if it's happening is
that fair to say is it fair to say we've
gone beyond the point of wondering if
Google is manipulating results and now
we're just talking about it as a fact
that happened right can we all agree
with that now what what there is still a
question about is how much difference
they made and what their intentions were
because those are different questions
it's an it's fair to say that Google
moved lots of votes it is not in
evidence in a way that I would say is
proven to say that they colluded to move
them a certain way to get a certain
outcome because I think if you talk to
Google they say no all we're doing is
de-emphasizing fake news and they could
make a case on that I think they could
totally make a case that they're not
trying to move the election they're just
showing less fake news but it would be
them deciding what is fake and what is
not so for example if you had a climate
change denier somebody who is an actual
scientist
would there would their study get as
much attention as the majority because
the majority would say climate change is
a big problem if you had an outlier who
said well I just did this study it's
been peer-reviewed and all the good
stuff but it goes against the majority
would that get the same kind of play as
if that study had gone the other way and
and confirmed or even said climate
change was way worse than we thought
which one of those would have got an
equal play well if you're Google you
have to decide which of those two is
true news and which of those is fake how
in the world can Google possibly make
that decision so they have two choices
and neither of them are acceptable if
I'm if I'm a you know side with Google
without you hating me too much you have
to acknowledge it's that it is in some
ways an unsolvable problem because
you're asking Google to make a judgment
of what's true and what's not
because if they just ran everything you
would get as many Holocaust deniers as
you had you know Holocaust historians
and then if you're searching for
information and you're you know you knew
nothing about this topic you'd say I
know Google has given me a lot of
results that say the Holocaust didn't
happen and also a lot of results to say
it did so I don't know I guess I can't
tell if it happened or not is that the
world you want to live in no no you
actually need Google to make some
decisions about what's true because the
alternative is even worse so you have
two bad choices one bad choice is that
Google doesn't make any decisions about
what you see and then you eventually
just see garbage garbage would be the
guaranteed outcome of no filtering yeah
absolute garbage eventually and the
other and then if they go the other way
and they do make the decisions how do
you know they're making the right ones
how do you know it's impossible
you know how are they supposed to know
what is true and and what's not the
public can't tell the news can't tell
which news are they supposed to look at
don't you think that if Google got to
decide what is real and what is not they
would just say huh I guess Fox News is
not real news or Breitbart is not real
news so we'll just run MSNBC and CNN
well that would be a problem that would
be a real problem
how about when they talk about all these
hoaxes how many of them do they get
right and how many doesn't thinking they
get wrong so it's an unsolvable problem
but we should at least know what we're
seeing what we're not some transparency
would be good so there's that to my
great amusement and yours to some clever
folks have dug into the the older tweets
of Omar and Talib the two people who
were on the quote squad that the
president referred to as maybe some
people who should go back where they
came from fix that and then come back
here and and tell us how to do it now
that the president was accused of being
a racially insensitive for saying go
back where you came from and then come
come back after you've learned how to do
it to people of color but it turns out
that those same people of color are on
record as using exactly the same
language of you know why don't we deport
you or go back to your country or
whatever so they've used the same
language in public in a political
context now that should tell you that
that's normal talk and if you are
politically correct you'd say yes normal
talk it's something that if you are a
person of color and you're talking to
someone who isn't or you're talking to
someone who's the same same persuasion
that you are well then it's okay but if
you're a president Trump and you're not
a person of color and you're talking to
somebody who is well then it's not okay
whose rule is that
well much of society has that rule it's
a rule that at least half of the country
would say yeah yeah that is a rule it
depends who's talking it's that it's
only bad if the right person is saying
it's the wrong person
then it's bad it's not just the words
are bad who is it who disagrees with
that interpretation of the world
President Trump and all of his
supporters President Trump
ran on the promise the promise I'm gonna
call it a promise because I think it was
as good as a promise the promise that he
would not be politically correct
president Trump candidate Trump ran on
an explicit campaign platform of not
caring what you think about that and if
you think about it it might have been
the smartest thing he ever did by simply
saying I acknowledge that political
correctness is the thing
hear me hear me as clearly as you can
I'm going to act like it isn't a thing
I'm Joe if you vote for me you're gonna
get you know this would be President
Trump essentially I'm summarizing he's
basically saying if you vote for me
you're gonna get you're gonna get
political incorrectness that's what I
offer and I'm not apologizing for it I
think it's an advantage and you should
vote for it then millions of people
heard his message and the totality of
his message and said yeah yeah I'll take
that this package is the package I want
to vote for and then they voted for it
and then he got in office and then he
did exactly what he said he was going to
do he talked in a politically incorrect
way what makes something politically
incorrect versus just wrong you know
where's the dividing line between things
that all of us would agree okay that's
just wrong you know that that's not
political correctness that's just wrong
where's that dividing line well one
clear way you could make a dividing line
is if he's saying the same sorts of
things that other people are saying
and the other people are not getting in
trouble for it that would be one way to
know it's a question of political
correctness and not a question of the
words or the ideas it's who's saying it
and when that makes it wrong political
correctness so I would say that remember
how long ago was it was it was it ten
years ago approximately ten or twelve
years ago we were talking about
President Trump's tweets about some
members of the squad should go back home
oh oh wait it wasn't ten years ago
that's right it was one week ago and a
week ago it seemed like the worst thing
in the world and he's done this time and
this time he's gone too far didn't you
have all those thoughts one week ago and
what do you think about it today today
you think about it as oh it's something
they said - all right moving on let's
talk about Muller nothing a week ago it
seemed like the entire world was on fire
today it seems like oh okay it's just
political incorrectness that's what he
said he was going to do boom nothing so
that's what we got otherwise we've got
Muller to listen to and you all want to
do that I can tell by my numbers on here
most of you at least half of you have
gone through watch Muller I'm gonna do
that too if Muller makes any big news I
might come back but I'm not expecting
anything that would look like big news
somebody said remember when stormy was
going to take him down yeah did you see
stormy damages latest tweet about her
lawyer man did that hurt bad talk about
something turning bad for a turning bad
for Trump's opposition stormy Daniels
and her avenatti they just went down and
huge flaming balls of flame yes flaming
balls of flame I just said that
so Muller is boring us and I think maybe
making the country really wish they'd
stop talking about it
I don't think somebody says we want more
DNA talk we want our forty billion
dollars back that's right
okay nothing else going on and I'm gonna
let you get back to oh this has to be
mentioned if you haven't seen this on
Twitter there was some entity that was
interviewing the candidates and they
talked to at least Buddha judge in at
least Andrew yang I don't know else they
talked to but at the end of their
interview I guess they have a thing
where they say what's your favorite
curse word and so first they show Buddha
judge being asked what's your favorite
curse word and apparently he didn't know
the question was coming because he was a
little unprepared for it
and he just laughs and says well I don't
think that would be you know a good
thing to say
so that's Buddha judges answer is just
smile and giggle and so I don't think I
should say that and then they say they
enter yang what's your favorite your
favourite swearword and yang looks
straight in the camera and he goes I
want to say the word coz you've probably
got kids in the room some of you but
they bleep out his word but I think I
think Yang's poll ratings were up three
percent just because he looked at the
camera and he didn't hesitate he goes so
there was no question what the word was
it was the f-word if you're listening to
this and not reading my lips but it made
me it made me think oh well there's a
candidate who has at least a fighting
chance of telling us the truth there's
somebody who if you asked him a question
he might actually answer the question
and trying to think of any example where
anybody is yet caught yang avoiding a
question have you seen that yet has
anybody seen the Andrew yang avoided
question because I'll bet it's never
happened but I'll bet you could find I
bet you could find recordings
of every other candidate sort of
answering a different question or we're
saying why the question isn't fair
so he's the most interesting candidate
by far I still haven't made connection
with his somebody on his staff who was
gonna hook me up with an interview I
should follow up on that but for now
let's go I'll watch Muller and we'll
talk about that later bye for now