[Music]
but a pom pom pom
yes um back again and this time with
coffee it's a little bit late in the day
but you know it's the wrong time for a
coffee
never sometimes decaf but never a bad
time and so if you have a beverage of
any type join me for the simultaneous
sip oh that's some good stuff so let me
give you a little background before I
give you a little whiteboard talk on a
fascinating topic you're gonna love it
as you know I have been writing in
periscoping and tweeting about the fact
that humans have not evolved to the
point where we can understand base
reality we know there is a base reality
because I exist to ask the question so
even if all of you are imaginary there's
something there because I exist to
wonder whether you're there but in the
same way that a dog might think it
understands reality but it doesn't know
it's on a planet that's hurling through
the universe it really doesn't know much
about reality but it probably thinks it
does thinks it knows enough snails don't
need to know anything about reality but
they can reproduce they do fine plants
don't know anything about reality but
they could reproduce evolution only
requires us to reproduce it does not
make us um we don't need to understand
reality and indeed prior generations of
humans we can see you were primitive
magical thinking people who didn't
understand reality but we believe
irrationally that we were lucky to be
born in the time when we figured it all
out that didn't happen
it might have happened let's let's be
honest you might have gotten lucky after
15 billion years your little life
happens at exactly the time the humans
had evolved to the point where finally
they can under
in reality maybe not likely all right so
with that background I talk instead
about filters unreality a way to
understand your reality that either
works for you
or doesn't that's about as close as you
can get and the best way to understand
if it works is if your filter predicts
so if you've got a filter unreality that
says all right if this is true the next
thing we should see is this and then
that happens you say ah my filter worked
and if you're sure you see the reality
the way it is but every time you predict
something it doesn't happen your filter
probably needs some work so I'm going to
compare two popular filters on reality
about politics let's just see which one
predicts better or has predicted better
so for example the silent dog-whistle
theory says that President Trump and
many of his followers are sending secret
dog whistles wink wink were really
racist
don't tell anybody and that the reason
the president Trump does this is so goes
this filter is that he doesn't want to
lose his racist supporters so he's
sending them secret signals am one of
you I'm a racist to compare that filter
and by the way that's you know on the on
the Left the people who are anti Trump
this is this is the dominant filter by
far that's how they see the world let's
compare this to a filter I'll call if
all you have is a hammer everything
looks like a nail
I'm using this because it's funnier than
saying confirmation bias right that's
just too wordy so we'll say if all you
have is a hammer everything looks like
it now so under this filter the people
who have this point of view are
interpreting things through a racial
filter and seeing more of it than might
actually be there again I'm not saying
which one of these is true
because I don't understand reality we're
only going to track which one of them
does a better job of predicting let me
give you an example and by the way I'm
only going to be predicting so this is
fake predicting because I'm gonna be
talking about things that already
happened and it's easy to fit things to
the past so don't take too much out of
this for my back fitting of data anybody
can do that with all kinds of hypotheses
right you can always prove Oh in the
past that made sense it's whether you
can actually predict the future those
have you been watching me have watched
me predict the future you know President
Trump on North Korea at least so far and
a bunch of other things let's take a few
topics the silent dog-whistle would say
that the president will not do anything
that violates his sort of racist secret
signals to his racist supporters let's
take the topic of Jack Johnson do I have
the name right this time Jack Johnson's
posthumous pardon would someone who is
trying to send a secret racist signal to
his supporters give a pardon to someone
who wasn't terribly important in the
current day right
would that make sense in that filter it
would not right because even if you
thought oh he's just doing this for
political reasons that doesn't fit the
filter because the filter is he's doing
things for political reasons that the
racists will clearly see it that he's on
their side so this would be opposite of
this filter so that it didn't work in
this case but the the theory this has
and I'll blow this out a little bit that
President Trump is someone who doesn't
like political correctness but he's not
a racist it's just that you see things
and those light because the media etc
have have caused that to happen
so do this theory he would give a pardon
to Jack Johnson I always get you know
Joe Jackson and Jack Johnson those names
are just too many J's for me the process
but this filter says of course he would
write today we hear in the news that
he's considering a pardon or maybe he's
already done it for Dinesh D'Souza who
is if you haven't noticed a little bit
brown now there's there's a situation
where that people are even saying hey
we're not sure that this makes sense as
a pardon you know on the legal merits of
it I don't know I don't know the details
so I don't know if it does or doesn't
make sense well what we can say for sure
is that he didn't need to do it
president Trump didn't need to even
consider that pardon but he did so the
silent racist dog whistle fails again
because again remember even if you're
saying oh he's just doing this for
appearances the whole filter says he
doesn't do things for appearances that
he's sending a clear message and so it
fails the second time we saw that Kim
Kardashian who you may know is married
to a very famous african-american man
named Kanye West both of them get along
apparently with President Trump the
filter fails because if Kanye can't
sniff out a racist who can really I mean
his filter is set for seeing things in
an interracial way he knows the
president personally has met with him
etc and he hasn't he's not detecting it
so the filter fails again Kim Kardashian
was apparently going to talk about a
african-american grandmother in in jail
for some kind of drug charge that wasn't
that serious and considering her for a
pardon now I don't know if that decision
has been made
but the silent racist dog filter would
say know that pardon will never happen
this filter says well it could you never
know
you never know if that would be clemency
not a pardon somebody say okay you don't
know if a pardon is not granted for just
the legal reasons it doesn't quite work
you know not everybody gets a pardon but
that's why you'd look at all right now
let's take a look at Israel this filter
says that president Trump sided with the
marchers in Charlottesville who were
chanting anti-jewish slogans so this
filter says ha he must be one of them
but then he moves the embassy to
Jerusalem Israel is putting you know
putting up signs praising him Netanyahu
likes him none of that makes sense if
he's actually somehow anti Jewish but it
makes perfect sense with this filter
president Trump is famously you know
that Jared's one of his big projects is
prison reform now we can all argue about
what's the right way to do it but the
basic idea it for prison reform is that
the basic idea is that people would earn
early release by taking classes learning
a skill something that would make them
value more valuable on the outside now
would a racist work on something that is
far and away more helpful for the black
and minority community because they have
higher higher populations in jail well
maybe but it doesn't quite fit perfectly
but this filter fits perfectly if you're
keeping track this filter kind of kind
of works for everything so far now let's
take let's switch over to Roseanne
Roseanne famously made two references
that we know of too
ape monkey things and both of those
references again that we know of were
involved with women who had at least
some amount of african-american blood
now that perfectly fits the silent
racist dog whistle not in terms of the
president but here we're talking about
Roseann as a vocal supporter so so that
fits right but here's the evidence you
would want to look for to make sure that
you are right about that here's what
you'd look for the first thing you say
to yourself is do white people see this
the same way as black people I would
guess
there's something like a hundred percent
of black people would would see any
reference to monkeys or Apes as like red
flag red flag instantly recognized
instantly instantly probably close to a
hundred percent I would think you know
maybe not a hundred percent because
nothing's hundred percent but 95 98
percent if you did the same poll of
white people would they have the same
response or were some of them have a
like let's say a a knowledge gap well
just an awareness gap is or those are
just sort of a reason that white people
don't see it the way let me give you a
few examples when I was in school there
was a kid in my class he was white and
his nickname was monkey because he had
to look like a monkey and he was as
white as you could possibly be but he
had big ears and sort of monkey features
and let me continue it is also true and
fact-checked me on this that white
people often call children with little
monkeys you know they call white
children their own children hey you
little monkey you get off me you little
monkey yeah you you're like a little
monkey all right
it is a common white person thing
to call other white people monkeys now
have you have any of you ever seen a
white person or maybe you maybe you did
it yourself
whoever referred to another white person
because they were big as a gorilla did
he ever say oh man that that yeah that
guy you know another white guy is like
he's like a he's just like the size of a
gorilla I know I have there was a
science teacher when I went to school
who his he was a white guy but his
physicality was sort of bent over and he
had these enormous ape-like arms and
everybody referred to him as having
monkey arms and monkey like now let me
give you another example that I wanted
to wait a few days before I broke this
one out I was doing a live radio
interview about a week before or just
few days before Roseanne's problems so
between the time the President Trump got
hit with the fake news that he was
calling immigrants monkeys and I'm sorry
that he was calling immigrants animals
and then it came out he was really
talking about ms-13 between that scandal
and the story about Roseanne I did this
live radio interview and I was talking
about North Korea and I said the
following about President Xi of China I
said well you know President Xi maybe
you know injecting himself in the
process talking to Kim jong-un
because President Xi wants to you know
make sure everybody knows that he's the
big gorilla in that part of the world
the moment it came in in my mouth you
know the the interview started to go on
and I say hold on hold on stop
everything back up let me rephrase that
because I realize we live in a world in
which any kind of animal references to
humans are inappropriate yeah they're
they're taken out of context now so I
backed up and I said okay what I meant
to say and I swear to God I did this in
my mind I thought I'll change that too
he
the big dog in that neighborhood and I
realized okay that's just another animal
I've done it again so I think I changed
this is something like he's the most
important player in that part of the
world now if you had heard me say that
out of context if the only thing you'd
heard me say is the president she is the
big gorilla over there sounded kind of
racist dim it if if this was your filter
out in the world you'd say Scott that's
not a coincidence
that you called a guy who's Chinese a
gorilla even though I have the advantage
of knowing what was in my head and not
once did anything remotely like that
come into my thinking I refer to people
as the big gorilla in the room because
girl is sort of the better animal for
that you know it's not like the big
elephant in the room that's used for
things you don't notice you know it's
not like the lion in the room people
don't really say that the big gorilla in
the room is just sort of the phrase so I
used it and immediately I was like whoa
I realized that could get me in trouble
so I called the back when it was still
time to do that so this filter has to
ask itself has Roseann ever called white
people monkeys gorillas have recalled
their grandchildren who were she has at
least one Graham grandchild who was
black I think but has she ever called
her white grandchildren monkeys you know
get off of me you're climbing on me like
a monkey if you don't know that it's
harder to judge this situation it's
possible that when she looked at these
two women that she insulted Susan Rice
and I was her day Valerie Jarrett so
this filter says oh yeah she looked at
them and she thought monkey right away
but here's the problem again if you were
going to call let's say if you were a
racist and you were going to call
somebody who was black a monkey
would you do it with those two
individuals you look at a picture of
either of them and forget about the race
part these are two people who couldn't
look less like monkeys in terms of their
features like it it wouldn't be that
year ago - for either of them so it
would be it doesn't quite fit that of
all the people you're gonna call a
monkey you would pick somebody who is
the least at least the least physicality
and not even close to the white kid in
my class who sort of look like a monkey
if somebody's saying oh man this is
going to be taken out of context yes it
is
probably and this is whether some of
these things I do on video because in
writing things are taken out of context
too easily it's harder for piece of
people that do another video so so I do
it on video for that reason so here's my
proposition to all of you there was a
this came to me because I saw a tweet
from Seth Abrams some abran some if I'm
pronouncing that right who said this is
just what I predicted I predicted the
president Trump would not condemn
Roseanne for her comments and and I I
tweeted something you know mocking that
point of view but the more I thought of
it I thought you know that's half way
true that's half way good meaning that
he was saying I have a theory of the
world I made a prediction and then I
checked to see if my prediction was
right and it was right so far that's
good thinking all right so I don't want
to over mock somebody who was well on
the way to doing you know doing the
correct mental process but I would argue
that it's incomplete because there was
at least one other theory that also
predicts that he would not say anything
about Roseanne which is he always
supports his you know the people who
support him
he doesn't go after them and he doesn't
care about political correctness
so Emmys not big on apologizing right so
those this filter works perfectly but so
did Seth Abrams his filter did work it's
just that you has to recognize the other
one worked as well and if you can't
figure out from this one scenario which
is the the truth at least you can look
at a number of scenarios and say alright
does this track does it make sense the
president Trump would be working on
urban redevelopment if he if he was a
racist yeah I mean and that I think the
team is either very diverse or more
african-american members I think I've
just seen pictures would that make sense
for him in any way if he were the racist
it wouldn't but it would certainly makes
sense on this filter so there's the the
filter
let me summarize by saying I cannot tell
you which filter is reality because
people can't do that we're just not
we're not we didn't evolve to know
reality we can keep our eyes open forget
about what you've seen so far
make me a prediction all right here here
a few more predictions there have been a
number of times President Trump has been
accused of saying something that people
took as racial when in each case when he
was asked to confirm or clarify he
clarified this way every time so every
time there was something that was taken
more than one way he never clarified
this way he always clarified that now
you don't be too politically correct I'm
not saying what you think I'm saying
this is what I meant
all right so here's my prediction my
prediction is that this filter will not
predict anything that this one doesn't
also predict but this one will predict
lots of stuff that this one doesn't so
that's my prediction so you have
something now that you can you
look to the future forget about back
fitting to the past everything I've told
you so far
you can discount because it's easy to
explain things to the past just watch
your predictions and see how well they
see how well they come out let me see
your comments and let me know how this
one went alright so people liking this
good somebody says I should drink bleach
I'm guessing that whoever said I should
drink bleach you might be this filter
now keep in mind I'm not telling you
your filter is wrong because I don't
know yeah I just don't think people have
the ability to say ah mine's right and
yours is wrong all we can do all we can
do is see which one predicts and if you
have counter examples you should
absolutely mention them and this would
be a good time to do it so if yeah if
anybody has an example where this filter
worked and this one didn't or at least
you know the common explanation of life
didn't work let me know
so but he says I sound like Woody Allen
well that's not exactly the look I was
going for but yeah so alright looks good
looks like people enjoyed this we've got
something out of it so I think I'll just
keep it there go back to do some other
stuff thank you so much for joining me