[Music]
[Music]
good morning everybody and welcome to
the highlight of human civilization it's
called coffee with Scott Adams never
been a better time I'm sure of it and if
you'd like to take your experience up to
levels that are unimaginable all you
need to for that is a coer Muro glass a
tankered shells or Stein a canteen jug
or flas a vessel of any kind fill it
with your favorite liquid I like coffee
and join me now for the unparallel
pleasure the dopamine to the day the
thing that makes everything better it's
called the simultaneous sipping happens
now
go oh that's so
good so good I'll remind all of you on
the various four platforms to which I am
streaming if any of you have any
technical problems it always helps to
update your app or just reboot get out
and get back in that usually works now
to begin
with um the most important story you
know there's a lot of stories in the
news I tell myself I should worry about
that or that looks like a problem for
me uh but this one I don't know if I can
avoid this one it turns out that
uh pistachio nuts sometimes can explode
according to Reddit that if you get some
moisture on your
nuts uh there's something about the
fatty acids and the uh I don't know
there some kind of chemical in there
that under the right conditions your
nuts will
explode and apparently it doesn't it
might not be limited to pistachios which
by the way some say are not nuts at all
but apparently your nuts can explode so
if you worried about the Border crisis
well sure that's bad
but your nuts could explode you're
worried about the Middle East about
Ukraine about inflation yes those are
all problems but also your nuts going to
explode so keep it in perspective please
I would like to start today by playing a
clip that features uh Molly Hemingway um
testifying to Congress about how
completely broken our election systems
and in fact our whole system is now it's
sort of a br few minutes nor normally I
wouldn't you know play a little clip
like this on the show but she just does
such a good job of pulling it all
together if you don't mind paie
Hemingway this morning I think this was
just minutes ago really testifying to
Congress thank you for giving me the
opportunity to testify today the
American system of self-governance is
under attack instead of an election day
where everyone votes at the same time
and with the same full set of
information votes are counted quickly
and everyone promptly knows and trusts
the outcome we now have lengthy election
Seasons that can last months prior to
and even after election day yeah why
situation is so absurd that we have
presidential and gubernatorial debates
weeks after some people have already
voted after instead of having Total
Security and a verifiable chain of
custody for ballots being issued cast
and counted we flood addresses
across the country with tens of millions
of unsupervised mailin ballots months
ahead of Elections frequently to
locations from which voters if they're
even alive have long since moved instead
of having election Administration that
is rigorously nonpartisan and impartial
under the law we have allowed the
private takeover of government election
offices by partisan oligarchs and their
armies of activists who use those
offices and their authorities to tilt
the election toward favored candidates
instead of Voters being able to vote for
the candidate of their choice powerful
interests backed by wealthy oligarchs
are working to remove the most popular
candidate and the ruling party's Chief
opponent from the ballot in a move
reminiscent of Soviet Russia and if that
weren't enough instead of the top
candidates chosen by the people being
able to fully engage in a vigorous
campaign heading into an election we
have one side actively attempting to
throw its opponent in prison and
bankrupt his family again reminiscent of
Soviet Russia instead of a system of
rule of law that gives Americans the
same rights and due process the
Department of Justice and other partisan
actors are Prosecuting their opposition
whether powerful or lowly and doing so
in places where partisan juries will
ensure a quick conviction instead of a
free and independent press that shares
news and information to help inform
voters we have a press that is almost
exclusively the arm of one political
party is so corrupt but it is willing to
perpetrate hoax after hoax against
opposition party members hoax after hoax
instead of a vibrant Public Square where
Americans can debate issues and express
their strongly held views we have an
elaborate censorship industrial complex
where the government Works hand inand
with tech oligarchs to suppress and
Blacklist debate on all the important
issues that contribute to election
outcomes this is something I know
firsthand because our government worked
with tech companies to censor me for my
election reporting allowing just one of
these attacks to infect our electoral
system would be a crisis allowing all of
them at the same time is an existential
threat to our system of
self-government in my best-selling book
on how election Administration has been
co-opted by groups seeking political
power I reported on a new phenomenon in
the 2020 election that is already
severely eroded trust and needs to be
addressed
decisively in the last presidential
election nonprofit groups with very
strong ties to the Democrat Party and
funded by one of the world's wealthiest
and most powerful men Facebook founder
Mark Zuckerberg took over government
election offices most notably in the
Democrat areas of Swing States since
then the efforts bip partisans to
further infiltrate government election
offices to ensure favorable outcomes
have only increased I look forward to
answering questions about how the
private oligarch takeover of Elections
is a threat to our system of
self-government all right I saw that in
a post by Greg
Bryce that's she's so
good every time I see your talk on TV I
always say the same thing nobody does
that better you know if you want to get
to the the heart of an issue like really
fast and really clean uh Molly had me w
the best
anyway um I have a theme for today's
show and the theme is that uh everything
is
corrupt everything is corrupt everything
now no I think uh Molly gave you a good
introduction to that and if that didn't
make your nuts explode well maybe the
moisture on your pistachios will get it
done but uh here's some news today the
uh DNC chair uh ra McDaniel has
resigned do you think that signals
something I'm going to
speculate I will now
speculate um it seems to me that V
ramaswami was the strongest voice asking
her to leave there were lots of others
but he seemed to be the most prominent
because he was doing it from the
perspective of running for president now
he's not running for president now
but he's on the short list of people
being considered for vice president at
least in the conversation we don't know
what B what Trump is thinking but does
it seem a coincidence to
you
that R McDaniel is gone and the decision
about the VP is getting
close let me tell you something that I
suspect this is pure speculation I don't
have I don't have any no inside
information
I feel like this is a signal that vake
is going to get the vice presidential
nod and the reason is I believe that he
would have said I'm interested in the
vice president job but not under the
condition that the uh that the uh
fundraising and the RNC chair is uh ra
McDaniel I feel like these are connected
now it doesn't have to be because there
are other people and you know maybe she
had her own reasons to
Etc
um so I think it's fascinating the
timing of it all I think it's signaling
the but we'll see because and here's why
I say it what if you were vake and you
knew that you know there was a lot of
push for you to join the
ticket wouldn't you ask for something in
return because that's called free money
if somebody's already made up their mind
list this also works for employment same
same thing for employment of a regular
kind if somebody makes you an offer it
means they're already
committed that psychologically they've
already decided I don't want to change
my mind I want you to say yes and then I
want to work on other things I don't
want to go back to figuring out who I
hire so that gives you leverage because
the person who's going to say do you
want the job doesn't want to go back and
redo the whole process of finding out
who to hire they're they're a little bit
paint it in a corner a little bit and so
you could ask for something you can't
ask for everything that would be a bad
look but you could ask for one thing and
do you know who would know that the vake
like he would be one of the few people
in in the public domain who would say
huh I recognize this situation if they
want me they probably would give me one
thing so I'll ask for one thing I'll
just make sure it looks like it's good
for everybody
so here's the one thing I don't think I
can win under the condition that our
fundraising is no good so you're going
have to make this one change and then
yes I I will take the
job who else would have done that who
who else in your imagination would have
said you know this is actually a
position where weirdly it's not obvious
but I actually have some leverage Trump
trump would have recognized that
situation as one that it's not obvious
but you have leverage I I use the same
technique when I negotiated my first
syndication contract and some others
after that but once you get to the point
where you've been negotiating for a long
time and you're really close that last
thing you ask for is almost
free because you've you you've you've
exhausted each other in the negotiating
and you're like okay but just one more
thing you can almost always get that one
more thing if if it's not a big crazy
thing it's just all right I I just can't
talk about this anymore all right you
got that one thing that's what this
feels like but it's just a
guess well interestingly uh Matt
Gates who famously uh led the move to
get Kevin McCarthy ousted from the
leadership role um thinks that and is
saying it in public that Kevin McCarthy
would be great for the RNC chair now
this is why like Matt
Gates I love the fact that he can you
know put his entire reputation in the
line saying that this guy's the wrong
guy to be the the leader of our you know
legislative process but at the same time
I think everybody agrees that he's he's
excellent at
fundraising and that's a fundraising job
the head of the RNC so Matt Gat saying
in public fully endorsing him he'd be
great at this now I completely respect
that the thing I love about Matt is even
when I don't agree with him and I
usually do but even when I don't he
shows his
work perfect just show your work in in a
way that I can say yes or no but don't
hide the ball he never hides the ball
yeah yeah no I don't want him to be you
know putting bills through yes I do want
him to raise money he's good at that
perfect do more of
that all right uh my theme today is
everything is corrupt and it's obvious
so a former top prosecutor in Baltimore
a prosecutor a person whose job it is to
put criminals in jail looks like she'll
be going to jail for a real long time
because it turns out she's a criminal
and she uh made some false statements on
a mortgage application about some uh
some income from some Source guess it
was a lie now you might say to yourself
Scott didn't Trump do the same thing you
know didn't he exaggerate the value of
his property yes there's a big
difference though if you exaggerate the
value of an asset that you know the bank
is going to check on their own and
they're never going to take your word
for it that's really different that's
actually business as usual that's what
the bank said even the bank said we
don't take the word for it we just check
ourselves but this was something about
income from
a um I think there was some issue about
income from a some side
company would that would be hard for an
external source to audit so that's where
it gets sketchy yeah so I don't know
that that's 30 years in jail worth but
they're reporting it so keep an eye on
that so the people who are in charge of
making sure the law is
obeyed uh at least this top prosecutor
from Baltimore was in fact one of the
criminals how often does that happen
wasn't it sarcastic are you saying that
the uh what are you saying is sarcastic
I'm seeing the notes do you mean uh M
Gates no I don't I read the gates I
didn't think it was sarcastic I'll read
it again but it looked to me like it was
real all right I I hear your note all
right uh I'm going to double down on the
fact that that the anti-semites or
alleged anti-semites on X of which there
are quite a few of them especially
lately they don't seem
real and and the reason I I don't want
to give completely away what the tell is
because if I give it away then they'll
they won't do the tell and then I won't
be able to tell who's real but they're
really obviously not
real can you see it or is it just
me do you all see it there there's a
common
to them that's different from what they
used to look like you know even when it
wasn't an election year it's very sudden
and it seems organized and my guess
would be it's exactly what it looks like
exactly what it looks like is a paid
attempt to make the xplatform look like
it's where all the bad stuff's happening
now if you say to me Scott you
conspiratorial idiot why are you always
thinking it's like why could it be the
simplest explanation which is there are
just a lot of anti-semites in the world
and they're just on the platform why
can't you go for the simplest
explanation well they don't look real
number
one or even close they're they're not
even really a good they don't seem to be
even a good representation of somebody
pretending to be
one uh but the other thing is this is
normal
business did he know that did he know
that in the first Trump election there
were in fact and maybe the second there
were in fact a paid Army of trolls whose
job it was to come after people like me
they've already come after
me twice this year and they come in
waves and they all come at once and they
all say the same things and then they
all disappear right and it's been
confirmed we know how it was funded and
we know who was behind it you know
there's there's no question that it
happened Etc
so uh what are the odds that they're
doing that trick again well apparently
it's perfectly legal nobody want to jail
for it they talked about it in public so
yeah uh I would say it's obvious that
somebody's paying somebody to pretend to
be anti-semitic lots of people because
they all have their their same little
arguments and again I'm not going to
tell you how I can tell that you're not
real but you've got to
tell all right
um there's a Chinese dissident youve
probably heard of him he's an artist
named uh uh I we
why really his first name is spelled
AI is that the best name for an artist
in
2024 his name his first name is
AI i y y i
wayway yeah I'm pronouncing his name
wrong and I apologize anyway he says uh
that uh China's uh that us has basically
become the same as China in terms of its
political
censorship uh he says I grew up within
the heavy political censorship in China
today in the west you're doing exactly
the
same does that sound does that sound
fair it's exactly the same yep yep it is
it's exactly the same uh to me I don't
see any difference at all it stay
sponsored now uh you may have seen me on
the xplatform say that we should have a
constitutional convention and of course
you dismissed it as crazy right
crazy now here's what I should have
clarified I'm not talking about removing
anything that's in the
Constitution keep it
all no subtractions let me say that
again I do want a constitutional
convention but no
subtractions we we need to add a few
things
because of um something that could not
have been foreseen when the founders put
it together what they couldn't have
foreseen is a level of internet
communication and coordination which
allows a whole bunch of bad behavior to
happen essentially everything that Molly
Hemingway just mentioned is all the
stuff that you can do because of big
money and big communication and
organization so it wasn't really
something that you could do so easily
when Constitution was founded so let me
give you an example in my view we should
add to the
Constitution that not only is there free
speech but our government cannot use
outside non-governmental sources to
further um
censorship don't you think that needs to
be added because right now it's
completely legal for the government to
massively censor you they just have to
put pressure on private compan comp to
do it it's the same
thing so that's something that could not
have been contemplated when the founders
put the Constitution together am I right
how how would they ever have been able
to contemplate that now if they could
have contemplated it do you think that
they might have been inclined to say oh
and you can't cheat you know you can't
do it by using private companies to do
your
bidding oh there you go Mark Len is
added me he's got some amendments he's
looking for for the Constitution I guess
he wrote a book about it
but to me that's an obvious one is there
anybody who would disagree with that
being clarified and added to the
Constitution any disagreement to say
that you can't use private companies
just to do the thing that you're not
allowed to do
directly and and that's probably not the
only one here's another one how about a
constitutional requirement that you
can't use computers to count your uh
votes and you have to do your elections
on one day
and have a result in one
day what about that because that's
something that again the the founders
probably never imagined that there would
be mass mailing of
ballots and you know vote from home that
probably was never contemplated so now
that it is a reality we could just add a
little little juice to it and say can't
don't do that now I think Molly hyway
stopped short of saying what I'm to say
but why would you design an election
system the way it's designed right now
unless the intention was to
cheat am I right you know design is
Destiny you know I spent much of my
working career before becoming a
cartoonist surrounded by Engineers so I
worked in big companies where I was just
you know was all techies and engineers
and when you're around Engineers you
start seeing things as systems you don't
see them as this one thing
you always say to yourself if I replace
this piece of equipment is that going to
break something else in the system so
you're just always seeing the
system if you look at the system
designed for our elections they're
designed to cheat they're not designed
poorly that would be different if they
were designed poorly and somebody found
a clever way to cheat I'd say oh maybe
tighten that up a little bit but our
systems are not designed
poorly they are intentionally designed
for one purpose that I can see if you
were from outer space and somebody said
you don't know anything about America
you don't know anything about humans but
just look at their system was it
designed to make cheating easier or was
it designed to eliminate cheating what
do you think the alien from the advanced
Planet would say about that you already
know it is intentionally and obviously
designed for cheating
I don't think there's even the slightest
doubt about that and both and both
parties if you think I'm blaming the
Democrats nope nope not blaming the
Democrats it's obvious that both parties
have some kind of interest in keeping it
um a non-democratic process it's
obviously not a democratic
process all right uh as you know Gina
corano uh actress who was fired from the
Disney World because of her conservative
points of view and they misinterpreted
some things she said to give themselves
an excuse to part ways with her but as
you might also know Elon Musk had
offered that if anybody lost their job
or were harmed by something they said in
their free speech uh capacity on the
xplatform that he would put some uh
legal money behind your defense or your
offense in this case to go after anybody
who got who fired you for your political
free speech on X and so he's backing her
uh lawsuit I think it's
defamation I think is it defamation or
is it unfair firing or something I don't
know but it's it's all it's all sketchy
and and musk is backing him but here's
the interesting
thing
um musk got anonymously somebody sent
them an internal Disney
document that confesses uh their their
internal um plan to discriminate against
white people it's it's actually in
writing now the way they say it is you
know your your movie must have this much
diversity same thing right your script
you know must have this much diversity
Etc so right down they've got a number
of categories that must be diverse in a
certain amount there's only one way you
can get there you have to discriminate
against white people to to get to that
point so not only is it in
writing it's it's in really clear
writing you no ambiguity at all there it
is somebody's posting on the locals
platform on the locals platform they can
post images so when I talk about stuff
often the image will appear in in the
comments one more reason to be a local
subscriber anyway
um here's what I think uh there's also
separately an article um about how
companies are rebranding their
Dei because they know that they have
some legal risk for discriminating so
overtly against white men in particular
and so they don't want to say it
directly and they know that Dei has
gotten such a bad name they're literally
just going to change the
name is that wild and companies are
telling it they're saying it overtly oh
yeah dei's got a bad name so we're just
going to hide it you know we'll just
build it into everything so it's just
everywhere but it doesn't have a
name yeah and ESG the same thing now let
me ask you
this if you have to change the name of
something and pretend you're not doing
it because the public is insens that you
would be such horrible horrible turds
that you would be involved in such a
thing maybe you should rethink what
you're doing if you have to hide it from
the public maybe you should rethink it
let me say that again you're a big
Corporation with stockholders if you
ever have a meeting in which you
say maybe we should hide what we're
doing from the public you already have
made a gigantic
mistake and if you're even spending one
second talking about how to hide it from
the public oh my God you're lost so what
I'd like like to see and I would
normally I I would hate to say this but
some big corporations have to be
destroyed before anything's going to
happen and the reason they have to be
destroyed is that nothing short of it
will change anything they actually have
to go out a business and maybe Disney
would be the first
one I think they have enough money that
they can stay in business but I'd like
to see somebody on the on the scale of
Disney literally just be put on a
business because that's the size of the
crime
the size of the crime is you should be
out of
business that's the size of it it would
be it would be like we found out you
know tomorrow that uh Disney was a
secret pedophile ring I don't think they
are but imagine you found out that
tomorrow would you say to yourself oh
well you know once you get rid of the
pedophile problem uh you know the rest
of your business is is pretty good so we
don't want people to lose lose any jobs
so just the fact that you a massive
pedophile ring they're not I'm just
using this as an example um would you
ever say would you ever say to yourself
they should stay in business absolutely
not you should say every single person
would should lose every penny they have
involved with that
company well you would okay you're a
good
libertarian
um but I would say this is as bad racial
discrimination overtly right in front of
the world
it's it's in the same class I would say
it's equally completely evil you know
one of them maybe is more of a you know
emotionally we would say there's a
bigger victimhood with children stuff
but I would say they're both like a 10
out of 10 in evil it's 10 out of 10 so
you can't get worse than 10 there's no
15 all right uh so good luck to Gina on
that um let's see according to to
axios that's the punchline according to
axios everybody get the
joke axios is so non-credible as a new
source that whatever follows according
to axios
is like you could actually do the
punchline first and then you can do the
the setup punch line according to
axios the United States economy grew
fast F than any other large Advanced
economy wow by a wide margin it's not
even close the US economy is killing all
these other smaller
economies so do you think that axios
which is clearly a Democrat leaning
organization uh do you think that they
covered everything that you need to know
about this story or did they just put
out a little uh uh piece that is
coincidentally really good for the
incumbent Joe Biden oh well of all the
things you could to cover today why did
you dig so deep to find this little
statistic and build a story around it is
it because we need it to know is it
because Joe Biden would look better if
he did it now is it newsworthy
absolutely should axios cover something
like this yes everybody else should
too is there anything left
out
yes yes there are a few things left out
number one what exactly which part of
Biden namics made it
happen what what did you do was it the
mumbling was it the forgetting the name
of the president of France was it
starting the wars it probably was the
wars wasn't it yeah I bet it was the war
because if we if you fund anything and
run up debt doing it your GDP looks
awesome so all you have to do is run up
your inflation although to be fair the
inflation would be in the other
countries as well so that doesn't
explain the difference but it does get
your GDP above zero I mean this would be
a different story if ours was zero and
the others were slightly negative we
wouldn't be bragging about it so much
but the but if you add inflation to it
you know our zero becomes two point
something and the others are not as
good
but can somebody in the alleged news
business ask somebody who's a
Democrat what part of Biden omics made
the GDP go
up what part I I'm pretty sure it's just
funding
Wars and that's what they're bragging
about if you leave out it's because we
funded Wars I don't know if it is but
seems like a good
hypothesis um and what if what if it's
just that the American um Financial
engine is just incredible
what what if it's as simple as you know
what you can look everywhere in the
world in the United States Financial
engine and our entrepreneurs are just
better than others what if it's just
that which by the way would be a
tremendous story I'd love if that were
the
case you think it's Ai and video and
video
stock but AI is not creating a lot of
GDP yet is
it not
yet uh AI might actually reduce GDP in
the short run it will increase the value
of companies but that doesn't show up in
the GDP so the GDP should show some
layoffs from AI in the short run in the
long run one imagines it pays
off all right let's talk about that
border bill that's still a mystery um as
I asked I said the other day that
something's going on there's something
about the way the Border bill was was
created or who's behind it that is not
cool and it's also not ordinary it's not
business as usual there's something else
going on and Elon Musk weighed in on
that same point and asked who wrote it
now allegedly this Chris Murphy guy was
a co-author he says I'm the
co-author and I I say to myself
seriously what does author mean to
you what what does that word mean that
you're the
co-author does that mean you sat there
with your laptop and you wrote the first
draft because that's what in my world
that's what an author means you could
there could be an editor after that who
fixes it for you but whoever writes the
first draft is the author do you think
do you think Chris Murphy wrote the
first draft of this
thing no no it's always somebody else
it's always somebody who's an expert at
it some lawyer
lobbyist somebody but here we have this
thing that is like the biggest topic and
the person who says he's the author is
obviously lying about it we don't even
know who wrote it we don't even know who
wrote it now get back to Molly
Hemingway's summary of the the whole the
whole
Enterprise being
corrupt there's something going on here
but it gets
steeper um so Kyle bass points this out
he says the imbecil is writing the
Border Bill snuck this beauty into the
text now try to hold on to the top of
your head just try to hold the head on
because it's going to
explode and keep in mind that it took
until today for you to hear it it took
until today for you to hear it and did
it come from our government no it came
from Kyle bass who who apparently took
the time to look at it just listen to
this and see if your head doesn't
explode this is actually in the text of
the bill quote aliens from
non-contiguous countries in other words
not
Mexico non-contiguous countries shall
not be included in the sum of aliens
encountered
what it's an it's a border bill for
which I understand 85% to 90% of all the
people coming across are not from Mexico
at the moment is that true most of them
are not from Mexico but did you know
that the Border Bill had in it that the
that limit that they had doesn't include
the
non-mexicans and that's not the first
thing they tell you that's not the first
thing they tell you
you you have to wait a few days and Kyle
 bass has to tell you
that I love Kyle Bass by the way he's
great
um
what who wrote that who wrote that and
why you telling me Chris Murphy sat down
and said uh I think we won't count the
people who were the majority of the the
migrants really what's going on here
what is going on here and how in the
world did some Republican sign off on it
because there was a co-author some
Republicans said yes to that Langford is
that it
was did he know it was even in there did
he even read it I doubt it doesn't look
like it and and did you know that the
limits on you know there's some kind of
limit like if 5,000 people whatever get
encountered then there's some kind of
change that they make and the change is
they just take all the people and shunt
them toward the legal points of Entry
where all they have to do is say hey how
about Asylum and we say
sure in theory it wouldn't change even
the flow it wouldn't change
anything and this this somehow got all
the way to the you know to the final
round where they were going to vote at
it as part of a comprehensive package
including funding for Israel and
Ukraine I don't know how this could be
more broken is is this is beyond
anything I've ever seen I've never seen
anything like this and even Ted Cruz
says Mitch McConnell has to
go Ted
Cruz Ted
Cruz just said in public unambiguously
that the leader of his own uh Senate the
Republican leader he has to be fired for
this I tell you Ted Cruz he's more of a
he seems more like a patriot to me every
day he's on my very short list of people
who who appear to be
trying he appears to be trying to make
things better in the country I do not
see that from the rest of our
politicians I I just don't see it and
he's very consistent about this so when
his own guy like not only his own guy
but you know Mitch freaking McConnell
you know the most you know senior
important person in the party who's not
Trump Ted Cruz just says plainly he's
got to be fired over
this good job Ted
Cruz I love the fact that he didn't he
didn't say we need to look into it or he
didn't say you maybe somebody should
work with Mitch he said you need to be
fired for this
absolutely yeah Mitch needs to be fired
for this he absolutely needs to be fired
and by the way has nothing to do with
politics what I'll say it again whatever
is going on here everybody involved
needs to be
fired so was it Langford and you know
this other like you can't really fire
these elected Prof professionals but
they whatever happened is so dirty and
so wrong that we need to really dig in
to find out what happened
here
um so Mike Lee also one of the ones we
trust he said in a post this feels like
an elaborate practical joke he was
talking about the Border
bill doesn't it feel like that it
doesn't look like somebody
tried it doesn't have any there's no
indication that somebody actually
tried it actually looks like it was
either a joke like actually a joke like
literally a joke like somebody was
kidding that's what it looks like I
don't think that's the
truth but here's another uh
hypothesis it looks like this is what
allows the Senate to separate the
spending bill from Ukraine from the
border
Bill remember the the Republicans were
going to hold up the Border Bill I'm
sorry they were going to hold up Ukraine
funding until they got a border Bill and
then what
happened some for some reason they were
given a border bill that absolutely
nobody could
approve and now you know what's going to
happen now they're going to separate
them why do you think this will be the
first time a bill got
separated it's because they think they
can get the Ukraine Bill funded
separately this is so
dirty it to me it looks obvious to me
it's obvious that it was a poison pill
and that the Border part was intended to
be killed by both
teams so that they could get funding for
Ukraine because Ukraine is probably
where some of the important members of
Congress do their money
laundering it looks like it looks like
somebody who's making money on Ukraine
tank the Border bill for no reason other
than to get a clean Ukraine bill because
they think they can embarrass Congress
into passing it that's what it looks
like or it's a practical joke but I'll
tell you what it's definitely not it's
definitely not a bunch of people doing
the work of the people and it's
definitely not politics if you think
this is politics that's not what's going
on whatever we're seeing is not
politics at all something deeper and
dirtier and darker than that I don't
know what it is
so here's my suggestion and I do mean
this literally this is not hyperbole
they need to shut down Congress and just
don't do any business until you figure
out what what happened here because
everything else is less important than
finding out how we got that border
Bill we need to know that before you can
do anything else because I've lost all
um all you know how much trust did we
have in Congress before but at least we
figured they could limp through you know
with their political theater and stuff
it it felt like it was an ugly process
but somehow it lurched forward and that
was good enough but now this is
different we've left the realm of
politics and we're in something else but
I don't know what and so I would
literally say no more
votes we we just got to get a committee
together and we got to tell theer
American people ideally in two weeks
because you don't want to be shut down
forever just shut it down and say we
need to tell the American people what we
just did we the we the Republicans need
to confess what we just did now if they
can find out what the Democrats did at
the same time that'd be great but you
need to shut it down and you need to
find out why this happened you need to
tell us or you don't get any
support from now on because whatever
happened needs to be explained and I
can't go on I I can't take you seriously
for anything else you don't get a penny
you don't get a
penny now will that happen no because
the system is too dirty now I say the
same thing about the election by the way
and again it's not Hyperbole and I'm not
joking even a little bit I'm not
positioning or negotiating or persuading
we need to to cancel the election the
presidential
election because neither the Democrats
nor the Republicans feel that our
current design will be credible no
matter what the answer is if Trump wins
the Democrats are going to be Marching
In the Streets because they'll say they
don't believe the
election if Biden wins the Republicans
are going to be you know back to
whatever protesting they do for the same
reason
the minimum you need is a system that
both sides say I hate the result but at
least you counted the votes right or at
least it wasn't broken you need to
figure out how to make our system
credible and then then you can have the
vote and by the way plenty of time to do
it because what I would suggest is just
getting rid of the machines and getting
rid of the mill and ballots so
subtracting things doesn't take a long
time and then they would just add you
know print some extra ballots between
now and November completely doable right
just just make sure it happens all in
one
day now of course the federal government
doesn't control the states blah blah
blah but there's probably some way they
could do it there there's probably some
way we could force it through
because what would be the point of
having an election that causes a Civil
War and you know in advance it's going
to
happen if you know in advance that
people aren't going to trust the
outcome you need to stop figure out how
to make them trust it and then do it
because the trusting the election is
really really really really really
really important that's not optional you
got to get that right or Nothing Else
Matters all
right uh the Alaska National Guard looks
like they're sending some assets or
forces to help Texas guard the Border
let me ask
you is Congress working if the states
are sending military assets to
compensate for the fact that we can't
guard our border do you need to know
anything
else there's nothing else to know if the
states are actually uh organizing
military assets because the government
won't protect them we don't have a
government
it whatever is happening is not politics
there's something else happening
otherwise you wouldn't get this
happening uh the mayus impeachment
failed uh I'm not too unhappy about that
I do like the fact that there's still a
number of Republicans who are willing to
say uh we can't do this unless it's it
matches the
law or the
Constitution and mayorcas although he
seems intentionally not doing his job
that doesn't seem to be
impeachable you can intentionally do the
opposite of what you were hired to do
it's not a crime exactly is just really
really
bad so I guess in a weird way I'm happy
that there are enough honest people who
say you know I I just can't go there I
can't make it a crime when it's not a
crime so I appreciate that but I like
also that they they held mayorcas at
least accountable in the world of public
opinion that's better than nothing I'd
call it a win because it it surfaces the
problem a little
bit all
right um the FBI apparently arrested
some man who was like a militia kind of
guy who was planning to fire sniper
rounds into some explosives to blow up
something at the border because he
doesn't think the government's
protecting the Border enough it's a
Tennessee
man now I'm surprised there hasn't been
more of
that don't you expect to
see and I don't recommend this this
would be a very bad idea um didn't you
expect to see volunteer snipers at the
border I feel like somebody who is a
sniper to begin with could just set up a
position and take out you know not the
migrants that would be the worst thing
in the world but the uh cartel because
you can usually identify the cartel
person or you know the one waving people
through and stuff and if you
just and again I don't recommend it but
you but it has to be taken in the
context of not having a functional
government if we had a functional
government even even imagining that this
could be a positive thing would be way
beyond the line you know the government
needs to handle this not the people but
we don't have a functional government
when it comes to the border and again
wouldn't you like to know why
because I don't know why but it's a fact
so this poor
gentleman um will have great legal
problems and I don't recommend it
because anybody who does this sort of
thing is going to have the same kind of
outcome it's going to be bad but I'm
kind of surprised that we're not seeing
more of it
already you're saying that the
impeachment the he'll be impeached next
week all right you're going to have to
explain how that's going to
work so I I don't see him being
impeached all right you might be right
but you can inform me
later well uh rapper M Mills another uh
notable public famous black guy says uh
he posted a picture of uh Trump and V
and he said wait till y all see who the
black people in poverty are voting
for
is that
foreshadowing now how many how many days
in a row are we going to see a
prominent
respected uh black person saying you
know maybe Trump maybe I feel like a dam
is about ready to break now I'm hearing
that it's primarily the the black men
and that the black women are still um
you know more solidly Biden
but at some
point if every day or so there's another
prominent black leader who says you know
you might want to keep your options open
I feel like the dam will just break and
it'll just become a thing it's right on
the border of becoming a thing it's not
a thing but it's getting close to being
a
thing uh there's a report that uh Trump
will have an easier time Staffing the
White House if he wins because the
Republicans are lining up and they are
not embarrassed
whatsoever and I'm really really happy
about
that and the reason I'm happy is that
because it means that we now have
digested and we understand that um
January 6 Insurrection was a
hoax and once you realize it was a hoax
and you see the
entire uh let's say portfolio of corrupt
behavior from the Democrats including
primarily the open
border um Trump does look like the adult
in the room the the fact that he went
from this crazy dangerous guy that was
toxic to the most reasonable solution to
our biggest problems and he didn't do
much to make that
happen that's the beauty what what
changed wasn't
Trump not much I mean Trump is still the
same guy what changed was it's now
obvious he's been right for years that's
what changed so the people who say you
know what I get that this could be
trouble for me but why wouldn't I want
to be on the team that's been right for
years and now it's obvious he's right
for
years so I think that might be a big
plus for Republicans um there'll still
be a bunch of people who are never
jumpers but I don't think we need
them all right uh appar
Nikki hilly is according to the press
and I quote I think this was in the hill
uh raking in
cash
what Nikki
Haley as of the reporting today as of
today is raking in
cash how do you explain
that how do you explain that have we
ever seen a situation where somebody was
totally behind and couldn't possibly win
and they were still raking in cash huh
here's my
question what are the people giving her
cash know that you don't know and I
don't know because what you and I know
is it's a waste of
money what do they know that we don't
know because the people giving the cash
are not the dumb people they're the
smart people the people giving her cash
know more than you they don't know less
than you they know more than you what
are they
know I can only think of a couple of
things they either think that Trump's
going to jail no matter
what no matter what as in no matter what
the legal um process should have done or
they think he's going to be taken out
with h let's say greater
Prejudice I cannot imagine any scenario
in which raking in cash for somebody
that far behind mind makes sense now
some say that they're pushing for her to
be vice president that's not going to
happen and they know that's not gonna
happen who who in their right mind
believes Trump is going to allow Nikki
hilly to be the his vice presidential
candidate there's no Republican who
thinks that is there and if no
Republican thinks that it's not going to
happen so I reject the theory that
they're trying to get placed as a vice
president
they must want her to be the
candidate so what's going on here again
I ask this isn't politics whatever this
is has nothing to do with
politics am I right whatever is
happening at the border has nothing to
do with politics whatever is happening
with Ukraine and Ukraine funding and and
the way Tucker Carlson's being treated
in the press That's not
politics that's something
else and we don't know what it is but
the something else is pretty
big and I don't know if it's all the
same something else or it's just a bunch
of
mysteries all right um so let's talk
about Tucker apparently Tucker has
already talked to Putin that's what we
think and I'm going to give you some
Alex Jones advice that he gave to
Tucker and say what you will about Alex
Je
listen to this advice and you tell me
that this isn't the best advice anybody
ever gave you ready allegedly the
interview is already in the can but the
way and Alex Jones explains the Tucker's
production crew likes to you know really
work over the material and make sure
it's a nice tight little product before
they release it which would suggest it
might take several days before you see
it Alex Jones says you don't have
several days
you'd better put it out right away
because there's something coming for you
probably and probably the only way you
can protect yourself is to have already
published it if they can stop it from
being published they're going to do it
you got to publish it so that they don't
have the option of stopping
it is Alex Jones
correct yes on a risk reward basis
Alex Jones just gave the smartest real
world advice I've ever seen what is the
risk of putting out this with some let's
say imperfect editing almost nothing
almost no risk to put it out right away
in its raw form no risk is if you told
people we didn't edit it and then people
say oh not edited I get
it what is the risk of waiting a few
days to put it out well I wouldn't put a
percentage risk on it cuz I don't know
but whatever the percentage is it it
does include
death it does literally include the
option of
death so I don't know if you're fully
appreciating the amount of guts this
takes Tucker and his whole team are you
fully appreciating the level
of patriotic
bravery that's involved
here I mean this is some serious
danger and yeah Alex Jones good advice
so I don't know if uh Tucker is going to
take that but the EU can you believe
this there's some member of the EU is
talking about putting a a travel ban on
Tucker because the EU doesn't like an
American talking to a
Russian for
journalism for
journalism the European un
ion thinks that they should ban Tucker
from his normal right as a human being
to travel to free countries including
theirs because he
interviewed under the under the
journalism you know condition
Putin there's something so wrong with
that that I almost don't know even what
to
say how about the European Union should
take care of Ukraine on their own how
about that how about you take care of
Ukraine that's your
neighbor you're on your own
 right if if you ban Tucker
Carlson there's no way I think any
Republican should vote for any funding
for Ukraine that's your problem yeah EU
has money they still have money they can
still drive cars and buy new
clothes so if they're their existential
threat seems too big well maybe they can
fund
it how about you don't even threaten an
American journalist how about
you don't threaten our
journalists how about you don't do that
if you want funding to keep you from
being overrun by Putin if that's what
you think it's going to happen I don't
think that's going to happen but yeah
too far that's too far Europe how about
 off just
off um here's
a Glenn Greenwald uh again a treasure to
the world I won't say a national treasur
he more more of a Global
treasure um he said who were the
American journalists who conducted even
minimally adversarial interviews with
zinsky um I'm drawing a
blank
that's all you need to know that that
Tucker can't be allowed to talk to Putin
and nobody talk to zinsky with any you
know critical
approach and then Elon
said and I quote from a post on next day
Elon Musk said to Glenn greenwald's
point about nobody interviewing
zalinsky to be fair it's hard for them
to talk while giving a at the
same time
all right well I think that pretty much
summs it
up you know I started by saying that uh
Molly Hemingway was the best
Communicator in politics but elon's
right behind her he's right behind
her Hamas has a great fake
counterproposal the the funny part is
that
Hamas is pretending this is serious it's
obviously just for you know propaganda
purposes but they've got this idea that
oh why don't we do this phased approach
where we release some people and you
know you do some ceasefires and then you
know we'll get some other friendly
countries to you know work with this and
you know we'll we'll rebuild you know
we'll we'll rebuild
Gaza none of that's going to
happen not any of that could possibly
happen not not even a little bit not
slightly why do they put out that
proposal if they know it's a complete
non-starter they put it out so they can
say they had a peace plan that Israel
rejected yeah of course yeah no I do
think that Netanyahu has to have uh
absolutely no negotiation over all of
the Hamas people being killed the the
fighters you know the the people who are
involved in they all have to be
killed uh or jailed forever or whatever
it takes yeah there's there's no way way
Israel is going to play that any other
way and when I say they have to I don't
mean that's my opinion or preference I
mean that's simply going to happen so
having an opinion on something that's
going to happen is useless it's like uh
I don't I have an opinion it shouldn't
rain today well well it's going to rain
anyway my opinion didn't really have any
connection to the weather and it's the
same with
Israel all of your opinions of what
Israel could do should do not
relevant this is not like other things
where if public opinion was you know
great enough no no not in this case in
this case public opinion has no value
whatsoever Israel is just going to do
what they they
do and here's what I think I think if
Hamas weaponizes their kids uh against
Israel uh Israel you should expect
Israel to take your
land now I want to be clear I'm not
saying that's a good thing I'm not in
favor of it I'm not recommending it I'm
not endorsing it but I'm also not
unendorsed it and I'm not saying it's
bad do you know why because my
opinion doesn't have any value to
anything what does my opinion have to do
with them I'm just saying as an observer
who has no role in any of it and don't
want to have any influence on it at all
uh if you saw a situation where your
enemies weaponize their
children their children to grow up and
kill you or die trying then if you
decide that your responsive that is to
take take their land
permanently you should expect that that
that that should be the normal thing you
should
expect and so that's looks like that's
going to happen it looks like uh Israel
will expand you know its biggest
expansion in his history I guess uh
since the founding
and when this is looked at uh 200 years
from now if everybody's still here you
know at least if the countries are still
somewhat the same they're going to say
it was a genius move by Israel and yeah
what are you going to do you know what
once their children have been
weaponized just take their land because
you can't fix that
situation that's something they control
you can't you know take their children
from them so once they've weaponized
their children you just have to treat it
like a
virus and when I say I have to I don't
mean it's my recommendation I don't mean
it's my preference and I'm not endorsing
it I'm saying there's only one thing you
can
do so if somebody does the only thing
you can do
what am I going to say about that it's
the only thing you could do and then if
you decide that after you've uh you know
put up with this that you want to just
take their land and keep her forever I
say the same thing well would it matter
what my opinion was it's just going to
happen but I do think it was a free pass
it's a free punch I think if your enemy
weaponizes their children to die trying
to kill you for the rest of the life no
matter what you could take their land
yeah I I wouldn't have any moral or
ethical qual about that whatsoever now
it'll be a huge problem you know it will
cause terrorism forever and there'll be
a pariah in the International
Community but if you weaponize your
children against them they can take your
land and I'm not going to complain I'm
going to observe and I'm not going to
endorse
it but don't ask me to complain on your
behalf well that's the best way to say
it because I don't want to be go
anywhere near endorsing
it I I don't want to be anywhere near
endorsing it I'm an
observer it's just that I can't support
I can't possibly support the
Palestinians in this
situation so I'll just watch we'll just
observe and what what happens
happens uh Saudi Arabia said that they
will not engage in diplomatic
relationships with Israel uh until until
there's an independent Palestinian State
and an end to the war in
Gaza is Saudi Arabia playing this
correctly because remember the the whole
point of Iran's allegedly that Iran was
trying to uh put a wedge between Israel
and Saudi Arabia and if Saudi Arabia
acknowledges the wedge and says that
they will do what Iran wants them to do
apparently which is not deal with Israel
does that mean that uh that October 7th
worked and that Iran's strategy worked
and that Saudi Arabia is giving them a
victory is that what's
happening what would you say what would
you do if you were Saudi
Arabia or more to the point what should
America do because are uh I don't know
are they an ally do you call Saudi
Arabia an ally or is that maybe taking
it too far we work productively with
them so is that good enough to say Ally
yeah we sell them we sell them weapons
I'll say
Ally yeah if we sell them weapons I
think they're an ally that's I feel like
they're close enough um you know that
doesn't mean everything they do we going
to like
obviously but I'm going to endorse Saudi
Arabia's play from a political
perspective uh the one thing I keep
seeing out of the Saudis is good
judgment would you agree I I feel like
every lately you know last few years
since the prince except for the Bon saw
incident which if they hadn't got caught
you know maybe that would have been a
good idea for them too but again I'm not
endorsing any murders or evil I'm just
observing that it may or may not have
helped their their National interest but
the Saudis they do seem
like quite edible and rational
players would you agree that they seem
rational like whenever they make a play
you say to yourself H yeah I can see
that I see why they did that I think
this is the right play it's just not
good for Israel it's not good for the
United States but that's not their job
Saudi Arabia needs to do what's good for
Saudi Arabia and my reading of the
situation is they can't they can't just
act like the Gaza war is not happening
yeah what bone
saw
um so once again I I'm going to give
credit to Saudi Arabia for uh I think
rationally pursuing their National
interest in a way that I can completely
understand it's just not good for me
just not good for Israel but hey you
know they have that right so I think
they're probably just going to keep
their heads down and wait for a better
time patience would make more sense than
you know just causing more trouble so I
think the Saudis are playing it
correctly and it also gives them some
negotiating position right so that's
smart the the Saudis are also good
negotiators um that's why there is uh
you know I think that's why the Abraham
Accords even exist is because the Saudis
are good
negotiators so and America and Trump was
a good negotiator and uh and Jared
Kushner so that's all I got for you
today and the best live stream you're
going to see today and I'm going to say
uh thanks for joining xplatform and
YouTube and Rumble too coming to you
from the rumble
studio and you should buy my book
reframe your brain if you haven't
already look at the reviews if you have
any question about it just look at the
reviews and you will be convinced quite
quickly I think um it's probably one of
the most impactful
books to change your life of anything
you could ever touch and that's real
that's you know obviously on marketing
but it's also real it genuinely is the
most impactful book probably you could
ever touch and so that's it for today I
will see you tomorrow morning thanks for
joining