you feel like doing it this
morning you know when everything goes
wrong all at the same time you've got
two minutes to show time you never
really
recover you know that there's something
about the first minute that sets the
tone so just imagine I gave you the
simultaneous Sip and then you had a
sip because nothing's working today
maybe that's what I needed maybe it was
the coffee I
needed audio is good good at least on
locals I can't see the comments on uh X
if there already but if you're on X and
you're saying why is the sound not good
it's because it's on my phone today
technical difficulties no microphone is
connected well let's talk about all the
news uh I saw Joe Rogan talking about
meta's new glasses you know they look
like regular glasses but it allows you
to see things uh extra so you'll see
your regular environment but extra stuff
added and uh Joe Rogan was talking about
some Harvard kid who figured out how to
use facial recognition software with
these classes so I guess you can add
your own apps and uh if you look at some
somebody with the glasses that calls up
their social media and Wikipedia and
whatever is available about them
online now Joe S seemed to think that
that was a terrible idea and that um you
know I guess I could find your address
and everything else if you're address is
public so here's my take on this you can
wish that this didn't
exist you could hope that people would
not use these glasses for something that
looks like a privacy violation of some
sort but it's not going to happen so I'm
not it's not that I'm in favor of it or
against it it's sort of like complaining
about the rain it's just going to rain
whether you complain about it or not and
technology is definitely going to give
you this capability you will be able to
to see things in your glasses that are
not in the environment uh some of it
will be telling you something about the
person you're talking to I guarantee it
there's no way around it whether it's
whether it comes from individuals who
are hacking it or it comes from the
company meta it's just going to happen
so again I'm not in favor of it or
against it it's just going to
happen um but in related news there's a
according to the brighter side of news
Joshua shaen is writing that uh there's
some emotion sensitive
technology that people could wear so you
could tell what their emotions are in
real time I guess they figured out how
to use galvanic skin
responses uh at a at a more granular way
than we've used them before so that you
can actually tell people's specific and
immediate emotions based on what's
happening around them now it's not
exactly completely done and it's a level
above you know mood rings and things
that we've had before but now imagine
putting these two technologies together
so imagine you could walk up to a
stranger and you would know something
about them and let's say one of the
things about them is uh they like dogs
because they've got a lot of dogs on
their social media you could immediately
engage them in a conversation if you
were shy you can walk up and say whoa
you've got a corgi oh my my aunt had a
corgi those are great that would be a
little creepy if they didn't know you
had the special glasses on but you know
imagine a time when everybody has them
everybody
knows and then you could determine
whether the things you were saying were
making the person you're talking to
happy or
not so I don't know there could be a
there could be a big benefit to shy
people
because shy people don't know what to
say to new people that they're meeting
that's the biggest problem if they knew
exactly what to say nobody would be shy
but imagine if you just saw enough about
somebody that you could walk up to
anybody and just use their name and You'
know something about them it would it
would solve a lot of shyness problems
speaking as a shy person well I'm a
recovered shy person the the best way to
recover from shyness is to become
famous it turns out that when you're
famous all that shyness stuff just goes
away I did not expect that anyway so
there's two technologies that are going
change things um we'll get to the the
big politics in a minute so according to
Fox News Alexander Hall's reporting that
uh San Francisco Asian American voters
are basically walking away from the
Democrats now of course it's not all of
them it's never all of them whoever
you're talking about it's never all of
anybody but um does that surprise you
how many of you would be surprised to
learn that asian-americans in San
Francisco are starting to turn toward
Trump in a fairly dramatic and very
measurable way who who's surprised about
that I would argue that you could only
be surprised about that if you didn't
have any Asian-American
friends anybody who has Asian-American
friends you already knew it you already
knew it so I'm I'm not going to dig any
deeper into that because I'd be you know
sort of talking for a group that I
shouldn't be talking for but if that
surprised you it's only because you
didn't have any contact with that
Community um yeah they're there uh it's
a very common sense well yeah I guess
that's as far as I can go uh I'll say
that the Asian-American Community is
very common sense-based what works oh
let's do that what doesn't work oh we'll
avoid that just common sense so yeah of
course they'd be driven driven toward
Common Sense
Solutions meanwhile our favorite crazy
Democrat representative Jasmine
Crockett uh she said on some radio show
or podcast just recently that rep voters
don't like to read or learn
facts they don't like to they don't they
don't like to read or learn
facts what I love about this is
Democrats can't learn there's just
there's just no learning happening at
all yeah if I could teach the Democrats
just one thing just one thing don't do
this do not make General statements
about all all
Republicans it's so dumb it's like it's
like dumb on a level that is hard to
even fathom but still doing it uh and uh
when I say this I just say to myself we
need more Jasmine Crockett because the
more Jasmine Crockett there is in the
world the the longer Republicans will
have you know total control of the
government well maybe Jasmine Crockett
will have a new job opport un someday
because Joy Reed's Show on MSNBC has
reportedly been cancelled I guess it's
going to run for the rest of this week
and then she will be out now what would
be the worst name to give your own TV
show if there were some chance you would
ever get
cancelled uh it's called the read out
read as in her last name re e i d That's
the name for the show read out what is
the news today read out yeah so uh they
should have confirmed with me at the
beginning it's like uh if we give it
this name is anybody going to be able to
mock it later and I would say yes yes
they will be able to mock it later so
maybe rethink
that
um it also made me think that if you
imagine that someday the news reader
will be robots and
AI who would be easier to replace than
Joy
Reid uh allow me to do my AI robot
impression of Joy Reed's
replacement today in the news the
weather is 85 degrees in San
Francisco because of light
Supremacy today in the news the New York
Giants won a game because of white
supremacy I mean how hard can it make an
AI that just reproduces Joy Reed because
of racism there's racism Trump is bad
orange Hitler orange Hitler chaos
there's chaos orange
Hitler all right um meanwhile Trump is
on true social dunking on
MSNBC and he calls them
msdnc as in they're basically a democ
R
function he says msdnc is even worse
than CNN they shouldn't even have a
right to broadcast only in
America um
now I of course believe they should have
a right to broadcast because of free
speech um I think he's being a little
hyperbolic but it made me think um and I
don't know the answer to this maybe you
can tell me in the comments if you're a
News
Network do you get some um extra
government protection in other words if
you do the news does that does the
government say oh you can use these
Airwaves or whatever now I don't know if
it applies to
cable but is there anything like if
you're in the news business you get some
extra rights is that a thing it used to
be if when the uh the Airways were
limited in in
bandwidth but I think it did so I'm not
an expert on that but it does it does
ask the question if something is
pretending to be a news network but yet
in every way it functions as a
propaganda
organ does it have a right to exist I
think it does because lying is still
legal you can lie all you want you can
be as biased as you want but but it does
raise the question
is there is there
anything that's different about MSNBC
now there's some thought that the
management of MB MSNBC is trying toh you
know move away from doing nothing but
criticizing Trump we'll
see anyway it makes me wonder if the
Trump effect took out Joy
Reid do you think that Trump is the
reason that Joy Reed is losing her
job I wonder CU if it hadn't been Trump
being president wouldn't she have some
positive things to say let's say a
Democrat were president wouldn't she
have some positive things to say and
then maybe her her ratings would not
have
collapsed but when you've got a
president who's pulling over 50% in
popularity and he's doing a lot of
things that people want if the only
thing you can do is call him orang
shitler day after day after day I can
see how your management would get tired
of that so makes sense to
me um and it also made me wonder if
Trump can recoup all of his legal
expenses from the lawfare and all of his
business expenses from you know being
boycotted or whatever happened to the
Trump business
itself uh because let's say he's he got
$30
million he won from NBC for fake news
about him or no just I think it was just
fake news somebody else at $30 million
and then uh he's suing CVS that might be
a multi-million dollar settlement
settlement it seems to me that the only
thing you'd have to demonstrate is that
the fake news knew it was fake at least
whatever story they're talk about that
they knew it and that they did it
anyway which I'll bet is an easy
standard to to achieve because if you
sue somebody you get access to their
emails right you probably will always
find some evidence in the emails that
they knew exactly what they were
doing uh so maybe there's more lawsuits
coming meanwhile Hezbollah held a
funeral for its late leader that Israel
took out some months ago and it was a
annoyingly and startlingly large
Gathering of Hezbollah supporters but uh
Israel apparently did a flyover so all
the uh has people were dancing around
and uh doing their thing and Israel just
does a flyover with f-15s and
f-35s I think it was just to remind them
we're not
done so that
happened
um Bray bar news is reporting Francis
Martell that uh Doug beram he's the uh
interior
secretary um and he says that Trump
plans to sell energy to our friends and
he's going to defund their it'll help
defund the Russian aggression so part of
what he's saying is that the more energy
the US creates the weaker Russia will be
because Russia depends on its energy so
if we're competing with it should lower
their their revenues increase our
revenues and make make us safer but
here's the question I have um although
Doug beram might be a solid Choice he
doesn't strike me as the person who can
promote any successes he's just not he's
not a promotional guy it maybe to his
credit that he might be more about
getting the job done but it seems to me
that the single biggest good
news would be if we did something really
good in the energy field in other words
creating more energy lowering the cost
of energy approving more stuff and I was
unaware of what we're doing in energy
but I looked at uh I looked at Daniel
Baldwin had some uh some a list of
things that the Administration has
already done Trump Administration that
would make a difference but I don't know
how real these are so one is uh finish
the Constitution pipeline to bring
natural gas to the Northeast I don't
think that happened I think that Trump
announced he wants to uh get that
pipeline going because it would lower
costs in the Northeast at least for
natural gas but I don't think it's going
so I don't know if there's anything
there yet could be in the future but at
the moment no there then U also
listed by Daniel Baldwin is a a joint
venture with as for lngg project with
Japan now does that lower lower costs of
energy in the United States if we're
doing an LNG project with Japan or does
it just open up a
market I don't know um apparently India
agreed to make us its leading supplier
of crude oil and
petroleum uh but is
that isn't that just increasing Demand
on our
energy so so here are the two examples
of increased demand increased demand
doesn't lower your cost
I mean if you increase production to
meet the band it's still not doing
anything um Trump is reopening 625 miles
of ocean that Biden had banned from
drilling but is anybody drilling is
there anybody who's like yeah we're
going to get going in that place we
wanted to but weren't so wouldn't you
like to know about
that um they also saw
that um making peace with Russia
should have some impact on Energy
prices because that would allow what
Russia to produce more energy I don't
know I think they're producing all they
want so I don't see how that's going to
lower our
prices um and then Trump did call on
OPAC to increase
production which if they did that um
would lower energy prices but are they
doing it so you see the problem right
right um Trump made a big deal about
betting on energy American Energy so if
we incre increase our energy production
we could not only make more money by
selling it yay but we could lower our
own costs by having you know more Supply
than there is demand at least changing
the balance but is any of that happening
so here's what I would suggest for the
administration I feel like Doug berham
needs some help
and like I said he's probably a solid
solid interior Minister but sometimes
promotion is a whole different field and
he doesn't seem like the promotion guy
now I don't want to see a bunch of
BS but don't you think that that real
things are Brewing that could actually
lower energy costs and if there aren't
well I'd like to know that because um
pretty much our entire future depends on
energy booming and lowering our Energy
prices because nothing else is going to
take the price of eggs down right now I
do love the things that Trump is doing
the lowering you know with Doge Etc so
as long as we can get Congress to not
spend all those savings which I think
they want to
do then maybe in the long term you know
prices and inflation will be controlled
and that helps on prices but I'm not
seeing the Trump Administration draw
straight line between what they're doing
and the price of eggs or even the price
of
energy um so we got to need that don't
we it's conspicuously missing uh given
that the Trump Administration is so good
at promotion and Energy's got to be
right at the top of the things that you
would want to promote if there's
something happening but I guess I'm
going to say I'm not aware of anything
that would make a
difference so that's that's a little uh
disturbing um here's there's a new study
on studies I like studies about
studies uh this is a
study that shows
uh the research papers uh they looked at
82 climate
studies what do you think they
found don't get ahead of me um it said
that not a single Paper of those 82
disclosed a conflict of interest in over
29 years so over a 29e period nobody who
did these studies ever disclosed if they
had a conflict of interest do you think
they have any well here's what they
found
out so 68% of NGO funded studies claimed
that climate change drastically
increased hurricane activity so more
than two
2/3 of all NGO funded climate studies
say oh this is making the Hurricanes
much worse what do you think would be
the answer of people who are not funded
by an
NGO now an NGO would be something like
you know I'll just make this up it' be
like the green climate initiative NGO so
it's basically people who want the study
to say that climate change is real and
they want the study that they're funding
to say that it's
dire and 68% of the people who took
money from the people who want to show
how dire it is showed how dire it was
2third of them but of the people who did
not take money from NOS they had a very
clear you know incentive
structure uh only 22% of them said that
uh the hurricanes are getting worse
because of climate change 22%
versus
68 and so the 22% were people who just
got government or academic research that
was maybe a little more neutral it's
like here's your money come tell us what
happened whereas the NGS are you know
really directly political I think in
most cases so there you go your studies
match the desires of the people who
funded them and they didn't dis close
that they had that conflict so that
would be a conflict if your funding came
from an NGO and the NGO definitely
wanted a certain answer because you know
they did you know they
did and apparently the NGO grants were
uh far more four times as large as the
normal academic study now even in the
academic world people are going to be
pressed to say climate change is real
and even if you're funded just by the
government not through an NGO
you're still going to feel like you need
to come up with something that agrees
with the
government so climate science not really
science remember they say trust the
science if you knew that the source of
the funding completely changed the
outcomes the source of the funding not
the science the source of the
funding if you know that and there's
such a big difference you know 22%
compared to
68 that's not really science is
it all right
um here's what I like to say about uh
climate
change where do you find out about the
climate
models now some of you who followed me
already know what I mean about that but
I'm fascinated by the category of
communication which is something that
can't be communicated for example you
you know the story about the little boy
who CRI cried wolf he he warned that a
wolf was coming when there wasn't so
many times that when a real wolf was
coming and he said there's a wolf coming
everybody said Ah that's that little kid
who cries wolf all the time so they
ignored him so that was a case where the
boy who CW cried wolf could not
communicate a real thing because people
weren't ready for it now that's also
true if you know if you get your
information from your enemy you don't
believe it there's a whole bunch of
categories of things that can't be
communicated here's another one if uh
physics came up with some great new
thing but the physicist wanted to
explain it to me do you think they could
do it not really it' be stuff like well
then the muon went to the uh the quantum
phase into the
multi-dimensions and I'd be I don't know
what any of those mean I I I don't know
what you're saying well but then the
fluctuation of the schinger cat blah
blah I'd say nope still nothing I have
no idea what you're talking about so
that would be something you can't
communicate to but what I know about
climate
models is in that
category so I used to say let me give
you all my detailed explanation about
why the climate models couldn't possibly
be
real and unless you have an hour to sit
there and you can you know watch me do
it on a whiteboard I can't communicate
it so it's just funnier for me to say
where do you find
out because you will find out I I'm
completely certain that the that the
climate models are going to have their
day of judgment where even the smart
people say uh I didn't know this about
the climate models but now that I know
it that changes everything it's
coming I guarantee
it anyway the National Institute of
Health stopped considering new grants
because of the
Doge um either the Doge cross cutting or
some other effect from Doge and the idea
here is that the uh scientists are
feeling like oh no it's the end of the
world because we have all these things
we want to get funding for and grants uh
but the National Institute of Health is
now kind of constipated and they can't
make it happen
well I saw a mocking post by V prad
doctor now
vene um is well known at least on the
internet for debunking research studies
and and teaching us teaching us how
unreliable the uh the scientific
literature is meaning the
studies so here's what he says about the
NIH uh pausing their funding of new
grants he goes oh oh no there are delays
in a broken inadequate and corrupt
system that produces fraudulent and irre
irreproducible uh research and has never
subjected itself to empirical testing if
this keeps up we might break a system
where scientists spend 60 hours a week
writing
grants um that's pretty brutal but
here's what I would say it reminded me
of Elon musk's engineering rule
um he he said this a number of times one
of the biggest mistakes you can make in
engineering is to try to optimize
something that shouldn't exist like if
you have a feature that nobody uses if
you're spending time making it better
maybe you should just get rid of it so
this is one of those things where the
National Institute of Health yeah I
guess i''d like to optimize
it but at least the way it has been
running up to now it doesn't have any
credibility so maybe we just don't need
it maybe we shouldn't fix
it meanwhile over in Hungary prime
minister Victor Orban he's uh he's got
this idea that uh mothers would be
exempt from income tax
forever uh but you'd have to be a mother
of two or more so if you had two or more
kids you could be exempt from income
taxes in his country
forever does that sound like it could
work
I'd love to think that it would because
you know wouldn't it be great if there
were some simple formula for increasing
your local population because a lot of
countries would need that but doesn't
that seem kind of easy to game in that
system so for example if the wife's
income is not taxed ever but the
husband's income is taxed what do you
think the family's going to
do well one thing they might do if it's
a small business they would just put all
the income in the wife's
name the other thing is if if both the
man and the woman are capable of getting
jobs that are similar they might say hey
how about the husband stays home because
he gets taxed if he works and the wife
will go to work and the husband will
take care of the kids because the wife
goes to work and doesn't get taxed well
that's not exactly what hungry is trying
to accomplish they're not trying to
accomplish stay-at-home husbands and new
mothers who are going to work and
leaving their kids at home but wouldn't
that
happen and how do you promise that any
tax exemption will be lifelong lifelong
what happens if the government changes
tomorrow you can't guarantee anything
lifelong that's not a thing so I guess I
just wonder if they have enough controls
on that I mean obviously they they had
to think about all those same things I'm
mentioning but it makes me wonder if
it's practical we'll keep an eye on this
one according to just the news Trump
Administration is making it a little
easier to uh get some homeschooling
started I guess the Biden Administration
required a federal review of quote how
States approve and select um private
entities for uh
homeschooling and I think the Trump
Administration said nah get rid of that
um you States just do what you need to
do and give us more
homeschooling and that seems like the
right
decision I like
that all right here's something I
noticed that I thought i' noticed the
pattern and so I asked grock if this
pattern is real or I'm just imagining it
and the pattern is that the people who
know the most about the government I'm
sorry the people who know the most about
business the most experienced people are
kind of on the same side about
Doge that it's it's a good system and
it's probably going to
work um and the people who know the
least are the ones who have the
criticisms because they don't know how
things work in the real world but I made
a list of the dumbest takes on Doge if
you have ever said any one of these
things you're probably not very
experienced you might have a high IQ I I
see a lot of like phds and stuff
weighing in on social media but they
clearly don't have job experience of
being a leader and having to manage big
groups and stuff like that so here the
worst takes I pinned this to my uh X
account if you want to see it the worst
takes on Doge now these all come from
the most inexperienced people people
with experience you know who have
managed big groups who have done their
own layoffs who have been through
layoffs
they kind of think the doge is doing the
right thing which is move fast break
things fix it keep
moving uh that's the real world in the
real world that's the way you do it
exactly the way musk is Ling out but the
people who don't have that Real World
Experience mostly the media pundits and
the academics and stuff here's what they
say now I'm not going to tell you what's
wrong with each of these things because
again if you have experience you know
exactly what's wrong with them
uh and if you don't well again I can't
fix that with a few lines a few lines of
wisdom so I'll just tell you what the
dumb mes are number one Doge should use
a scalpel not a
chainsaw you with me so
far if you ever said do should use a
scalpel not a
chainsaw you really don't understand
much about
anything I don't even need to get into
it I mean I could could but you all see
it right well maybe you don't because
what I'm saying is it's not based on IQ
it's literally based on experience if
you have experience you know that the
chainsaw is the right
tool all right here's another one the
cuts need to be more
thoughtful the cuts need to be more
thoughtful
what you can say that about every
well I think a musk is trying to put a
rocket to Mars but I think he should be
more thoughtful about it all
right uh somebody is doing something it
doesn't matter what it is I think they
should be more thoughtful about it okay
isn't that kind of true of everything
all the time no you shouldn't be more
thoughtful about it you should cut with
your chainsaw see what gets broken put
it back together move
on uh doge is lowering morale among the
people who are affected yeah of course
it's lowering morale but have you ever
seen a company where they're doing big
layoffs and all the people were like
yeah I'm so happy I work here this week
with all the layoffs and stuff no you
can't do big layoffs at Cost cutting and
also maintain morale for the same period
that you're doing the cost cutting
that's not a thing you don't even bring
it up it's just not a thing nobody can
do it it's never been done nobody will
ever do it no morale goes down when you
cut budgets that's it gotta live with it
how about uh does creating
chaos
chaos yeah it's creating a little chaos
but you're going to have to take that to
the second second level which is
and that's bad because
the chaos stole your
democracy the
chaos slowed it down no the chaos came
from going
fast so it's not about slowing things
down it it's just a generic political
word have you noticed that no matter
what Trump does way before Doge no
matter what Trump
did let's see what's that say so was
trying to get my attention on
something
uh like to see him get more aggressive
yeah so all right so Trump is saying on
true social directly to Elon who
responded that he wants to see Elon get
more
aggressive which would be more
chainsaw more
chaos lower
morale now is that a mistake no it's not
it's not a mistake it's very good that
Trump
is uh inserting himself to say there
should be more of it that's exactly the
right framing because if you're
wondering if it's already going too far
it's too fast and it's too chainsa it's
too much chaos well there's the
president of the United States saying
you know we need more of it not less and
all the smart people are going to say
yeah yeah more would be
better here's another one that's dumb
do is have musk will rob the
country all
right musk was not
elected okay um Doge needs to be more
transparent could you imagine if Doge
were more
transparent do you know what that would
look
like uh we went into this organization
they have 10,000 NGS and uh 400
departments uh we've decided that we'll
downsize by 8% the department of uh
energy
democracy uh for America
freedom and you'll be like what what
even was that well here's a long
description of what that department did
I was like okay I'm not going to read
that long description and here's 7,000
more of them we did
today how in the world could they
possibly be more transparent in a way
that would help anybody because unless
unless you're one of those Geniuses
who's really digging into these things
you don't even know what the department
does you don't know if they need more of
it or less of it they could be they
could be the most transparent project in
the world and you wouldn't know anything
you would just hear the names of things
and now okay all right well that sounded
like the name of it was good but they're
cutting it why would they cut something
that has a name that sounds good but
maybe the name isn't you know very
indicative of what it
is anyway if you find yourself tempted
to say any of those things about Doge I
recommend taking a week off because
you're not going to look Smart in
public um and then I saw on the X that
ex usern named Matt van swall pointed
out that Jeff Bezos laid off 1,400
people from his blue origin space
company last week so he laid off 1400
people and not a single one of them is
on 60 Minutes
bitching and then Matt says do you get
it yet okay do you get it do you think
that Jeff Bezos used the
scalpel do you think he used a scalpel
to get rid of 1400
people I think he told his managers to
do whatever they need to do to get rid
of 1400 people and then they did what
they needed to do I don't know how much
scalping there was and do you think he
did it without lowering morale
oh I would think that the other people
were a little bit nervous and they lost
their friends who worked with them yeah
of course it lowers morale but uh Jeff
Bezos did it anyway because it's a smart
thing to do and every big company acts
the same because they know how to do
this um then there's the issue of uh
Doge and and musk have have demanded or
asked I guess that every member of the
government sends an email by I guess
Monday by noon or something that says
what they accomplished last
week and then a lot of people are
pushing back um I think uh cash Patel
said um they'll do their own performance
reviews they don't need other people to
do it State Department had some Diplomat
pushing back um so you're going to see a
whole bunch of push back
but if you see it as a way to figure out
who to fire
it's more than that it's more than that
my first take was that you should see it
as a
reframe because if somebody says uh tell
me what you did last week if you go
through that cycle even once of uhoh
somebody's asking me to prove that I'm
doing something useful you're going to
start thinking that way so you're going
to say to yourself uh oh what if they
ask again at the end of this week so
you're going to start doing useful
things because you know somebody's going
to check on you so I think part ofly
partly it's a reframe to make people
think in terms of productivity instead
of in Terms of just staying out of
trouble or hiding at home or working at
home or processing some transactions
it's like how do you actually accomplish
something you should be thinking about
that every day if not every week so as a
reframe I like it obviously there will
be tons of people who don't answer at
all and tons of people who just make
stuff up how hard would it be to say
that you accomplished something last
week how hard would that be no matter
what job you had because nobody's going
to check it they're just going to look
at the email and see if there's
something on it so if you said um well I
I processed 17 big projects last week I
approved them and that's
good uh yeah but what what Elon must
said is that um what they're trying to
do is maybe find people who don't who
are so uninvolved in work that they
don't even check their
email uh and that and there's some
thought that there might be people who
don't do any work and maybe are not even
employees somehow or you know somehow
some people are getting money for
fraudulent reasons and the email if they
don't get an email from that person that
would be the one you look into it's like
H why is this one person unable to even
lie about what they've done recently if
you can't at least lie about it it which
is the normal way business does this the
employees all lie about what they
accomplished if you can't at least lie
about it you might not even be a real
person so that would be useful so when
you look at this email thing it's it's
it's like
Doge
small Doge big is move fast break things
and fix it Doge small is give us an
email to say what you did cuz you know
we might make some decisions based on
that now that's also a really messy
process you can imagine a thousand ways
that it could go wrong if somebody was
on vacation and didn't get the email or
somebody just forgot to send an email
but they're actually very productive so
you see all these ways that could go
wrong but
still sometimes you got to shake the box
and see what you learn so to imagine
that um somebody like musk is could to
be looking at the emails and say huh
well Yep this one I guess I can cut this
10% I don't think that's going to happen
I think they're just testing to see if
anybody can even write an email that
says they did something it's it's going
to be less about what they did than
whether or not they get the
email and I don't think you make some
broad rule like if there was if you
didn't respond you're fired I doubt that
but it will give them an idea where to
look that might be
good did I hear
from the five that Democrats are holding
Town Halls as kind of their response to
being out of power and trying to build
some kind of trump rally situation light
you know like the the baby version of it
is that a real thing and then there was
some thought that the attendees were
paid
attendees and I thought that would be so
weak if Trump could give these gigantic
outdoor rallies but uh the democrat's
response is paid attendees at an indoor
Town
Hall so and and I was trying to think
why is it that we don't see more like
Trump rally things on the
left and part of the reason I think is
that they hate spending time with each
other if you go to a trump rally I
haven't done this but I guarantee this
is
true based on all the reporting of
people have if you go to Trump rally you
going to see a whole bunch of people who
are very happy to be with the other
bunch of people and they're happier than
they were when they were sitting home
it's like oh I'm with my people but
Democrats don't have that option because
they got the the crazy left super left
and then the normies the Nores and the
crazies aren't going to exactly fit
together in the same room so I don't
know if Democrats even have the option
of having any kind of a rally that
doesn't doesn't go wrong that's
real all
right you've probably seen on social
media that Elon Musk is having another
baby mama drama and I'm not even going
to mention the name of the mother you
know it's a known influencer but I'm not
I'm not interested in their business and
we don't know enough about what they
agreed to what they didn't agree to we
just don't know who did what to who and
we're never going to know and it's none
of our business but um one of the things
that came out of it is some screen
captures that actually were taken with a
separate device not actually screen
capture of signal messages The Signal
app now the signal app is what people
believe is uh protected that it's
encrypted and and you can set the
messages to
disappear but even if you set the
messages to disappear it doesn't stop
somebody from taking a second device and
just recording what's on the screen
before it
disappears and that's what happened so
some of elon's private very private uh
messages to the baby mama um are now
public they're
public and here's what I want to tell
you it has nothing to do with Elon Musk
or anybody else if you think that your
your digital messages no matter where
you put put them and who you send them
to if you think they're private you're
so wrong you're so wrong uh and let me
tell you my experience especially uh so
in the
90s when Dilbert was you know much
bigger phenomenon than maybe you can
even imagine by today's standards I was
um what would I say at least within the
tech world I was quite a celebrity not
so much now but uh during those days it
was just wild and one of the things I
noticed is that people would often you
know comment to me in some private way
you know something essentially a DM like
situation and sometimes I would answer
it' be somebody I didn't know you a
complete stranger but they would ask a
question or they challenge me on an
opinion I'd give a full answer sometimes
just to strangers now I would think to
myself before I became smart you know
when I was inexperienced I would think
to myself this is a private
conversation and the person knows it so
it's going to stay that way because
that's the way your other private
conversations stay right here's what I
don't count on but I'm smarter now so I
do if you're a
celebrity 100% of your messages get
screenshotted 100% And they're always
sent around if it's something that can
embarrass you it'll be published
guaranteed you know now I'm not talking
about your best friends necessarily but
you know even your old lovers and stuff
could be doing the same thing so it's a
real wakeup call so if you're Elon Musk
clearly he knows at this point in his
life clearly he knows that everything he
says is getting screenshotted don't you
think everything do do you think that
when he replies or boost somebody on x
you don't think that person takes a
screenshot immediately and sends it to
their friends hey look I
do I'm also sort of kind of a
celebrity and even I do that it's like
hey did you see this because it means
something it's meaningful right it's not
nothing it's definitely something so no
matter how jaded you are you still think
it's kind of just kind of cool you know
doesn't change your life but hey this is
cool somebody that you respect agreed
with you in public
nice so my lesson here is there there is
no
privacy there is no privacy and the more
well-known or controversial you are it
just goes to zero but here's the thing
having now read the baby Mama's messages
and also Elon musk's
responses I think it's obvious that Elon
knows he's never
private because if you look at the
quality of his responses they are things
which if they got public and they did
you'd say Okay that was totally
reasonable that's just a reasonable
thing to say in that situation friendly
and
reasonable now that's somebody who
learned the hard way that everything he
writes is public one way or another it's
either going to be shown to somebody's
friends or their family or
somebody so it was a it was just sort of
fun to watch
the difference because the baby mama in
this case said a few things
that I don't know if she wanted those to
be
public right that that was somebody who
thought maybe her messages were still
private sometimes but you see
musks very straightforward ordinary
Common Sense stuff you know uh the other
thing I've
learned not from the Elon mus situation
but I've learned from uh other
celebrities recently where their
messages are public there are a lot of
people are really bad at dirty
talk now I'm not talking about must in
this case I'm talking about other people
but have you noticed that you never
really see other people's dirty talk
like I don't I mean I never see a a
guy's dirty talk because it's not
directly to me and and women don't
really do it so to me it's like this
invisible world like every everybody
thinks they can do it but it's actually
a skill and very few people can yeah
yeah the Sometimes the best that guys
are doing are stuff like can you come
over here I want to put it in
you
what what that that that was your best
dirty talk of course sometimes it works
if they're you know professional
athletes or
something anyway Governor New California
asked Congress for about $40 billion the
LA Wildfire
relief you know LA Times is reporting
this Clara harder and it seems like the
right number 40 billion like based on
things I've heard that's a it's not even
as high as it could be but seems like
the right number but it's so
depressing to know that Doge can be you
know going crazy finding things to cut
and cutting things and then one match in
California could eat all of those
savings and yeah that fire wasn't caused
by match as far as we know but uh one
fire and all the savings basically just
absorbed that is
seriously bad
um now Rick grenell says that there will
probably be conditions on the funding we
don't know if the funding will be
granted it's just been requested but if
it is granted or any portion of it uh
part of it might have a condition of
defunding the California Coastal
commission so apparently they make it
really hard to build anything on the
coast and Trump thinks they need to go
away maybe that's maybe that's a
plus well there's a story that zalinski
has according to resist the mainstream
uh bend the knee and that he's uh ready
to agree any moment maybe it already
happened but allegedly any moment now
zinsky is going to sign a document that
says that he agrees to that the United
States will be in a partnership to
exploit the rare earth minerals in
Ukraine for the mutual benefit now I
wouldn't hold my breath that anything's
going to get assigned on that today
because we've already gone through one
round of uh you said you do it no I
didn't I'm going to take all your
funding and and I think I think one of
the things that happened was that uh
Trump got really mad at zalinski the
this is the reports from behind the
curtain and uh threaten to remove all
American support if he didn't agree to
the mineral deal now I don't know about
the details of the mineral deal but he
had to agree to a mineral deal or or
Trump was just going to pull the rug out
and what I love about this is that Trump
doesn't
Bluff I absolutely believe
that if zinsky had said no no no there's
no way we're going to do the mineral
thing I believe that Trump would have
start pulling out our funding right away
now he might have reversed himself if
zinsky also reversed himself and changed
his mind but he actually would have I
believe he would have pulled the funding
and what matters is that zalinsky
believed
it yeah what when I say he doesn't
Bluff uh I that he he makes threats that
he can actually do and He will now
usually the threats are so bad that if
he started to implement the threat the
other side would immediately cave so the
caving is what he wants he doesn't want
to do the threat so these are real he
doesn't Bluff the the longer that the
rest of the world realizes he doesn't
Bluff because he doesn't need to he just
doesn't need to I mean he might do it if
he needed to but he doesn't need to he's
got real weapons uh tools let's call it
tools not
weapons and but here's a little wrinkle
according to the financial times you
know how none of the news is real if you
knew the real secret behind the news it
would just be completely different every
time according to the financial times uh
zalinsky is the one who proposed that
the US take a stake in Ukraine's Rare
Minerals so the financial times says it
was linsky's idea all along and he
brought it up uh when back in
September now that was long before Trump
first said let's do something with the
rare earth minerals right now I I'm not
going to say the financial times
reporting is correct I'm just going to
point that it exists wouldn't that be
wild if we got to this point thinking
that zilinski was trying to hold down on
the rare earth minerals and Trump was
trying to get him but the entire time it
was zelinsky's idea and he always liked
it from the start he just wanted to make
sure it was good for
Ukraine I don't know don't know what to
believe
anymore meanwhile Britain and France
trying to be helpful um according to the
Wall Street Journal they they think
they've got an idea that they would
employ deploy Britain and France uh
30,000 European peacekeepers in Ukraine
but only if there's a ceas wire that
looks like it would stick and they would
ask for the United States to back stop
them in other words if Russia attacked
while they had their forces in Ukraine
that the United States would get
involved to to which I say are they just
Reinventing NATO let's see
NATO
European people coordinating to defend
against Russia when us is the biggest
you know footprint there but they don't
want to do NATO because that's what
Russia objects to so they create a
little like Proto NATO they just don't
call it NATO oh no it's not NATO it's
just two of the most important countries
and uh being backstop by the most
important
country okay well that's not NATO but
it's very NATO is it's very NATO
like so maybe this is how you solve
International things you do things that
maybe don't make sense on
paper but you can sell it you know if
you can sell it to the public it's good
enough anyway here's a uh what sounds
like a tiny story that could be a big
one according to the
guardian there's a research group that
figured out how to add some uh I guess
microbes or something to
soil and it allows it to absorb
nutrients so much better that they could
use a lot less fertilizer
so a lot less nitrate and phosphate now
you might say Scott that's the boringest
smallest story I've ever heard I never
even think about nitrate and
phosphat but you would if you knew that
phosphate in particular fact check me if
I'm wrong but I think this is true the
phosphate you know one the main the main
fertilizer we have an a global
shortage and we don't really know how to
make up the difference so the food
supply is
in gen a genuine threat because if
fertilizer goes away or we have to use
less of it you're going to get a lot
less yield but this might be a technical
fix so we don't know if this is going to
be commercial grade yet but if they did
anything that made or existing supply of
fertilizer last longer that'd be a
pretty big deal pretty big
so that's what I've got for
today um thanks for joining
everybody I'm going to say
uh something very loud happening outside
that shouldn't be happening
today I better check that
out it sounds like it's on my property
but I don't think it is I know you can't
hear it anyway X thanks for joining I'm
going to say bye to you and X will
um I think we'll be able to put this up
on YouTube and Rumble later today it
takes a while to do that
and uh oh I'm not feeling better no
that's a different story I'll talk to
the locals people
privately but for now thanks for joining
our next