pom pom pom pom pom pom pom pom pom pom
pom pom boom hey everybody it's time for
coffee with scott adams the best part of
your day you know it I know it let's
just admit it it's the best part of the
day I think we could all just say that
today I've got a special guest I'll be
bringing on in a little bit very special
well before that you know it comes
before that yeah that's right it's the
it's the simultaneous eped
and it's the new improved version and it
goes like this if you'd like to join in
on the simultaneous up all you need is a
cup or a mug or glass a tank or
challenger stein a canteen juggler flask
a vessel of any kind fill it with your
favorite liquid I like coffee and
joining me now for the unparalleled
pleasure that you dope it me to tell you
the thing to makes everything better
that's right it's the simultaneous
except go yeah yeah yeah
that's the good stuff so so good well we
got some stuff to talk about but before
we do that I would like to bring on my
guest I believe I saw him signing up
let's see if we've got a winner yes we
do coming on quick hmm Patti can you
hear me can you tell me how to correctly
pronounce your name ah three pot pot
three right yep now it has to be said
right off the bat and then you're
probably sick of this but you have a
famous grandfather don't you it's true
till it tells who your grandfather's and
my grandfather was Milton Friedman who
won the Nobel Prize in Economics
not only did Milton Friedman win the
Nobel Prize in Economics but he is one
of my greatest heroes and I didn't know
until I was studying up on you before
this before this periscope I did not
know of that connection so I'm honored
to have you on I'm a big fan
your grandfather but what you're doing
is even more interesting tell us what
you were involved in with Prada most
capital if I'm saying that right yeah so
prunella's capital is the first venture
capital fund working to build charter
cities which are cities that have the
permission of a government to bring in
different laws and establish a region
that has different laws and different
courts than the rest of the country give
me an example of some of the countries
you're thinking about for putting your
little country within a country so the
country that has the most advanced
program is Honduras which is kind of
random but the the leader has just
decided to create this program they
changed the Constitution but they
haven't actually authorized any of these
yet we're also talking to countries like
the Marshall Islands a number of small
countries in Europe some other places in
the South Pacific now give us give us
the really high-level picture why this
is why anybody even wants to do this
what's what's the objective what problem
do you solve so it's really hard to
reform a country by changing the entire
legal system at once you know countries
that have bad laws or corrupt courts or
just want to try out new institutions
there's not really a way to do that I
mean I come from Silicon Valley so I
think of the issue as being that there's
no way to do government startups and so
the whole idea of these cities is what
if we took empty land and that empty
land is very important and we set up a
city that had different laws to try them
out and to let people move in kind of
steadily over the years and grow a new
city and this is you know when I start
work on the stuff 20 years ago it was it
was more hypothetical but we now have
the example of China which is you know
with Hong Kong China copied Hong Kong
and all of these little special economic
zones like Shenzhen eventually they
built like 1,500 special economic zones
and over decades transformed the entire
country from communism to something
closer than capitalism using these
little one let's
Changez now I've often said that for a
lot of countries they need what I called
a government in a box now my idea for it
was not as good as your idea but it was
that maybe somebody like a Swiss you
know consultants in Switzerland would
just come in and say okay for one year
will be your government and then when
we're done we'll all leave because we
don't have an army we couldn't stay if
we wanted to and they just fix the
government and I always thought that but
but your model seems more sustainable
because you'd come in and prove it
within the country and you'd make it
something that people would want to be
part of it cuz it works better right
yeah I mean you know look it you know
how consultants are right so consultants
can come into a company and they look
and whatever they do that doesn't mean
that it's gonna stick it's got to be the
people who are running the country for
the long term who learn you have to be
building new new institutions and making
jobs now there's a part of the country
in a box that that I'm a big fan of
which is the idea that if we if we can
set up a successful zone in one country
and then a second and the third and then
ten of them we can build a set of best
practice laws and software for running a
city and architectural practices and
kind of like have a full-stack solution
so that it becomes really easy so we
have a government in a box and any
country that we go to says hey take
these hundred acres and just deploy it
but we have to succeed at doing this you
know the first time and first ten times
before we can make it repeat so you know
what I love about talking talking with
you which is immediately apparent so you
have some obviously some background in
both economics and technology
development and when you talk your
language just hits me so perfectly
because you've got the two most
important things covered I'm loving
where you're going with it some specific
questions one of the reasons that these
little cities within a city or a cities
you know kind of country within a
country would work is that each of them
would not need their own military
because the larger country presumably
would protect them but doesn't that give
them any did they get any special
anything that the rest of the population
would resent would with these little
countries within a country require the
rest of the country to chip in any taxes
or do anything on their behalf as I
worked well it's it's more the opposite
where I mean in the Honduran program the
countries are providing jobs a part of
the Constitution is that any businesses
in these zones have to employ at least
90 percent Hondurans but then there's no
like the there's there's no taxes
flowing either direction so the the zone
operator gets if they charge taxes they
get to keep them and I think in in no
cases would the country be asked to pay
for the city the whole idea of this is
countries that are having trouble
getting foreign investment they want
they want companies to come in and build
factories and make jobs and in some
cases I think that cont the city would
share revenue with the country but never
lie well so there's a lot of lot that's
negotiable so what what would be the set
of laws that you would incorporate are
you borrowing from the British system
the u.s. system where do you bring you
know what what set of laws do you bring
to these countries within countries yes
so I mean first off we kind of as a
venture fund we're willing to get
pitched whatever set of laws you just
have to convince us that it'll be a
great place to live and make jobs I
think that you know my dream is to
someday find better laws then exists
today but I think what we need to do
right now is just to copy the existing
best practices so I think of it like a
text stack you know if you want to make
a great web product you're going to use
existing languages you're going to use
your your my sequel Apache Linux stack
and so I think British common law is is
kind of it and what some of our
researchers are doing right now is going
around at two different countries
looking at their laws and trying to find
like who has the best contract law who
has the best housing codes who has the
best mortgage law and then take those
copy them make them match each other
because they were written for different
countries and simplify them and actually
make the world's first open-source
League
which is on github right now so you you
did it again like every - every time I
think you're gonna say something I'm
gonna disagree with you say exactly the
word I was waiting for I was waiting for
you to say the word simplification
because if you hadn't said that I would
have lost all confidence because because
that's like 80% of the problem is that
the laws are too complicated
right yeah definitely so I love that all
right tell the people who some of your
famous venture funding backers are for
this that could get an idea of serious
is's sure
so our anchor investor is Peter Thiel
who is the first investor in facebook
other investors include Marc Andreessen
who invented the web browser and runs a
Driessen Horowitz neva Brava Khan who's
who's been on with you founded AngelList
Balaji screen iwasa and who was CTO at
coinbase Roger ver Bitcoin cash a lot of
great Silicon Valley people yeah for
those of you who are listening to this
may not be familiar with all the names
just listed those are the smartest
people in Silicon Valley that's it that
basically just named the smartest people
in Silicon Valley that are all on the
same project so that's telling you a lot
now for those of you who recognize the
names as soon as you mentioned them you
probably just sort of fell out of your
chair because it's hard to get that
group of cats all on the same project I
mean that's pretty remarkable so
congratulations on that is there any
reason that you wouldn't do this in the
United States yes so they're actually
this year for the first time I saw a
plausible project in the u.s. there have
been some federal court cases in the
last few years that have strengthened
Native American sovereignty so for
example you can't enforce intellectual
property laws on Native American
reservations you can't enforce Trump
trade tariffs on reservations so there's
one that I've seen that's looking for a
team of people to try a charter city in
the US but you know mostly the idea of
these is to copy best practice laws and
hire honest judges for places that need
that and
so the the better run a country is the
less interested in its going to be and
in the US especially there's a very
strong federal government and it's very
hard to get local independence with with
congressional support you can actually
do significant exemptions from federal
law with what's called an interstate
compact but you have to have a majority
in Congress so it's not very fertile but
I'd love to see someone do something
with Native American land well now are
you familiar with the the vast amounts
of land that's available basically for
free in in some of the rundown inner
cities typically called the blighted
territories bill Paul T's been involved
in clearing those out and I know for
example Jack Dorsey funded one of those
with Bill Paul day to clear up in st.
Louis so there are these vast tracts
within the inner cities where you could
also build a walled city with its own
security and its own systems and try to
make something work within the city is
it the American laws if the American
laws aren't that broken wouldn't that be
an easy place to start because you've
already got laws that people kind of
agree with they just need the other
stuff he's the security the you know
keeping the good elements in and the bad
elements out yeah I mean it's it's
definitely possible and I mean some
Silicon Valley groups like like Y
Combinator and Google have looked into
doing a city and and and what you could
get there and I both ultimately gave up
I think as far as pro Nomos what we're
interested in is zones that have kind of
different and simplified laws from the
rest of the country and we're where the
country really wants us to come in and
I'm not sure that's true in the US but I
would say this is part of a broader
movement to kind of rewrite and reform
cities so is is anything you're doing
directly or indirectly related to
construction or is it really just about
the laws in the society well these
cities are gonna have to get built but
we're not trying to innovate I mean I'm
really interested in kind of all these
city technology companies and what
they're doing in China where they can
put up a skyscraper and you know
week you know but we're just directly
gonna focus on kind of getting these
zones created and on the legal part of
it but then yeah these projects are
actually gonna build and you know one
thing I want to emphasize is that like
it we as a venture capital company it's
not like we have one legal system or one
government that we are going to impose
this is about a bunch of different
groups around the world doing startup
cities that each have different laws and
we are the only people who go into the
city are the people who want to be there
so that's what's cool about this is it's
not imposed on anyone ever so as a
venture fund then the model is that
anybody in some other country can can
put together a proposal and say I want
to bring this set of laws into this area
and I want to work with you with my
government to get them to approve it all
is that the basic model yeah it's really
important that they have strong
connections to the country and that the
government be interested in order that
for the government to pass laws and just
for the project to be welcome I think
you know this can can so easily be
something bad if it's imposed from the
outside and so it's critical at the
country be saying hey we want one of
these cities how are you finding is
calling for this the most because it
seems to be a perfect fit with our
immigration and homeland security if if
you could you know use these to pump up
the viability of the Central American
areas we'd have less illegal immigration
do you find interest from people like
that what who's who's showing you the
most interest I would say that that I
have had some discussions with with US
security officials and they love the
idea you know the idea of countries
close to us having more prosperous
cities that are better run I mean that
just just benefits America in general
I'd say it's kind of smaller smaller
nations who are worried about economic
development or in some cases climate
change so in my work with seasteading
which was the idea of building on the
ocean which I might have seen somewhere
in one of your comic strips
we worked with french polynesia and
there they were worried about climate
change mitigation and how to protect
their they're drowning islands so
there's a variety of interest but mostly
it's it's smaller countries who want to
get jobs do you have good connections in
the US government that would be useful
to you I have some but it's a big
government and I could always use more
who would be your ideal person you'd
want to get their ear in the government
well there's a new us in Development
Bank that's being merged out of a couple
of the existing international investment
systems that would be great and of
course it would be nice to get a tweet
from Trump yeah you usually that would
take at least a senator or something to
get on board but so if you if you've got
a target senator maybe we can hook you
up
sound again alright and working people
go to find out more about this check out
our website which is pro Nomos PR o n om
o s it means good law in greek bc or
check out our twitter at pro no SVC or
my twitter is at patrice email and you
can look at my twitter feed and you'll
see I tweeted an article out just this
morning so you can follow up in there so
thank you so much and and make sure I'm
saying this right poetry by three five
three you know I'll never be able to say
that correctly I'm gonna have to
Americanize that a little bit but thank
you so much you know everything about
this idea I like literally everything
about it I don't say that about most
ideas but I don't see a single thing
wrong with this if you can pull it off
and it looks like you've got a good head
start with lots of good backers so we'll
be watching this carefully and check
back in with me if you have any exciting
updates if you get if you get a city
that bites I'm all over that I want to I
want to hear more about that okay sounds
good alright thanks so much for joining
and I'll talk to you later thanks
all right that was quite interesting I
hope you like that as much as I did
let's talk about some other things
somebody sent me a tweet of a little
video of a guy ice skating
who looks exactly like me and I gotta
tell you I have watched that little
video I know 50 times because I even
can't tell the difference between that
guy had me I mean it looks like me you
know I always talked about the
simulation doing code reuse oh my god
EJ is just looks like another version of
me ice skating so I don't have anything
to say about that except it's blowing my
mind
and then if any of you seen that little
clip that people are sending around it's
another one of these Laurel and Yanni
situations in which there's a guy on a
swing and apparently some people think
he's facing one direction and some
people think he's facing the other
direction I I don't know to me it looks
like his feet are facing in the one
direction so I don't know how anybody's
confused about that one but I guess they
are speaking of two movies on one screen
New Yorker editor fellow named David
Remnick who is no friend to President
Trump recently said on CNN and this is
the funny part he said this on CNN he
said quote we have a country that's
split and to the great frustration of
people like you and people like me
remember he's on CNN talking about this
we don't somehow understand why the
evidence of things
why facts don't penetrate so many of our
brothers and sisters in America huh I
wonder why the citizens of the United
States are skeptical of the news is
there anything that happened in the past
few years they would make you skeptical
about the accuracy of the facts on the
news anything anything can you think of
anything I can't think of a thing
I saw a speaking of living I saw an
article thank you was on CNN yeah about
a homeless people who have jobs and the
example given was a an uber driver who
sleeps in a car and I thought to myself
sleep in your car that's that's a bad
deal
you know how do you have the bathroom
how do you shower and all that stuff and
then it turns out that there's at least
one quote safe parking lot I think this
is in the LA area that has bathrooms and
a security guard so if you're a homeless
person but you have a car you can drive
into the parking lot sleep in your car
and you've got a some kind of shared
bathroom situation and a security guard
and I thought to myself well that
doesn't help obviously that's not going
to help people with mental problems and
in addiction problems but there is a
class of people who just can't afford
home but they do have a job and I'm
thinking to myself not the worst
temporary solution I've ever seen it's
not the worst if they're working and
they have a chance of you know working
their way up to something so I like the
creativity of that as a temporary step I
was watching last night a documentary I
think it was on Amazon Prime about
Iraq's prostitution industry do you know
anything about that so apparently in
some forms of Islam I think mostly the
Shiites but maybe maybe a little bit
others as well that they have this
system where you can temporarily marry
somebody and by temporarily you can get
married for half an hour or you can get
married for a month and ask to be
blessed by a cleric an actual religious
leader which they will do for money
so if you pay your cleric some amount of
money in the form of a tip your cleric
will officially bless your quote
marriage for an hour
to somebody you want to have sex with
now apparently because there were so
many men killed in the Iraq war and the
economy was so dislodged there this
tremendous number of women who are doing
these temporary marriages contract
marriages which are just prostitution so
the weird thing has happened is because
of the economy and the shortage of men
etc that that the clerics have actually
just become pimps and that's not even
I'm not even exaggerating
apparently the vast majority of them the
you know the street clerics you know I'm
not talking about whoever's the top but
you know the the everyday clerics pretty
much all of them will and wait for this
I'm not making this up they will approve
a temporary marriage to an adult male
Iraqi or just a visitor I suppose if the
girl is over nine years old and and the
documentary demonstrated that was true
now they did some test examples where
they had a guy come in and act like you
wanted to have a temporary marriage with
a twelve or thirteen year old and it was
easily approved grown man
twelve year old virgin and a cleric said
yeah that's no problem yeah no problem
just don't take her virginity you know
in the I don't want get too detailed but
in the classic way yeah and and even the
cleric says yeah yeah I could do all the
other stuff as long as she says yes
that's all you need unbelievable so now
I well I knew that this was a practice
in Iran but apparently it may be even
more of a thing in Iraq because of the
economic upheaval and lack of men to
marry but the women the women don't have
a lot of choices if the woman is not
married in Iraq and she doesn't have
much of a chance of getting a job you
know you've got one path there so it's
the least religious country I've ever
I've ever even heard of at least in that
specific
anyway that that was shocking beyond
belief so I'll just put that out there
yeah you know I run on and on about this
concept of two movies on one screen now
the country is divided into seeing
reality in two completely different ways
even though it seems like we're looking
at the same stuff and this this question
of is the president impeached or not
impeached I don't know if you could come
up with a more perfect example of two
movies on one screen we're actually
having a conversation a national
conversation about whether it's true or
false that the president has been
impeached I don't think you could find a
question that would get that much closer
to being objectively true or objectively
not true and we can't even agree on that
you know you've heard my opinion on that
which is we can agree that the house has
voted to impeach that much everybody
would agree on and we can also agree
that they have not forwarded the
articles of impeachment to the Senate
and therefore they have not completed
the steps that the house does so if the
house is not done with all their steps
even though they voted can you say that
the impeachment is done or could you
simply say that it was voted on I would
I am on the team that says you can say
it was voted on but until they're
transmitted the the process is not
complete so I would say it's an
incomplete impeachment process that's
what I'd say there's some talk about
president Trump's me and he tweeted
around that this shows him and sort of a
black and white menacing pose when he's
on a chair he's looking looking right at
you and it says the meme says in reality
they're not after me they're after you
I'm just in the way it's a really strong
meme you know it's just well done
wording and the image are really good
and I like what this did because you
notice that the Democrats had turned the
question of Trump into a question of
Trump's supporters and they had very
publicly
and collectively tried to make it a case
that you could not be a good citizen and
also be a trump supporter and that maybe
you could be beat up in public if you
even wore a hat the suggestion you were
such a bad person
so when Trump turns this around and I
think he was just tweeting the meme
somebody else made but it's clever
because the Democrats have actually said
in pretty direct language and and direct
action certainly on social media that
they're coming after Trump supporters
and so the president says says they're
not coming after him they're coming
after you and I believe that the
Democrats have completely validated that
because they say it pretty directly
right they say all all Trump supporters
are scum they're all going to have to
answer for it you know you're you are
guilty for all of this they've said it
directly and I actually have started to
think I wonder if there's a safety
element here because I haven't thought
this before but I'm starting to think it
you know what would happen if Trump lost
re-election would Trump supporters never
be able to get jobs again you know could
you apply for a job somebody would check
your facebook see you were once a trump
supporter and then you can't get a job
forever you know is there an element of
self-preservation yet for people voting
for Trump so they can get at least four
more years of not being potentially
victimized by the side that would like
to victimize them so I would say there
is an element of self-protection there
and that should not be ignored it's also
good to put Trump in the role of the
protector it's a very strong strong
image you know if you think he's acting
as your protector then you're gonna be
very supportive then if you think he's
just doing a job he's doing more than a
job all right
there's a there's a disagreement maybe
you've seen it on the question of the
evangelicals so there was one you
Angelica organization who said that
President Trump should be impeached and
then there was another evangelical
organization who recently said no no he
should not be a beached and what do you
do when you're evangelical organizations
disagree well I think he got a kick it
upstairs right if you've got some
evangelicals who say God wants Trump to
be impeached and others say God doesn't
want it well you're gonna need a
tiebreaker I think you know you're gonna
need a tiebreaker and that's what I'm
here for I'm here to be your tiebreaker
I would like to ask God directly who is
right God if you're listening I know you
are can you send us a sign should we get
rid of President Trump that is a
question God should President Trump be
removed from office send us a sign
okay God should president Trump stay in
office okay okay I think I think that's
our answer
glad we settled that once and for all
yeah let's see so there's some
conversation about more information
about the Ukraine situation the so
apparently there's new information that
completes some of the timeline and this
fellow Mike Duffy the White House
official and the Office of Management
and Budget
apparently 90 minutes after the call
that Trump had with Ukrainian president
the order came down to freeze the
Ukraine money and this is the way it was
it was worded in the memo that
apparently has been surfaced quote based
on guidance I have received in light of
the administration's plan to review
assistance to Ukraine
so there's a plan to review the
assistance including the Ukrainian
security assistance
initiative that would be the money for
their defense please hold off on any
additional ba-ba-ba-ba-ba of the funds
so people are saying wait a minute
that came 90 minutes after the phone
call so they must be connected right it
must be because of the phone call that
the president is extorting the president
of Ukraine by holding off those funds
because the timing first you made the
phone call 90 minutes later you freeze
them the money baby
baby here's another possibility let me
give you the filter from somebody who's
lived in the real world and worked at
large organizations here's how large
organizations often work doesn't have to
be every time but often if you're making
your Ukraine decisions you do em all at
once so if the president was working on
Ukraine that day probably got briefed
before the phone call then he had the
phone call and then you make decisions
that are related to Ukraine and the
phone call because that sort of Ukraine
day so why should you make of the fact
that the phone call to the president of
Ukraine happened within 90 minutes of
another decision about Ukraine about
holding the money to review it why
should he make it that well what you
should make of it is that that was the
day he was making Ukraine decisions
that's the easiest explanation it's
easier if you're the leader of a country
and you've got a million topics and
you're trying to make decisions on a
million different topics you don't want
to do a slice here or slice there you
know switching between topics you want
to say today is Ukraine day today you're
gonna get briefed on Ukraine you're
gonna talk to Ukraine you're gonna make
some decisions on Ukraine it's just
Ukraine day that's the most logical
explanation for why every everything
happened about the same time and also
who cares if he didn't hold the money
back because he has that right to do
that anyway that's about all that the
news got really slow because it's time
for Christmas so not much else happen
anybody have any questions does anybody
have a question they would like to come
on as a guest and ask me whoops
just a little guess why is the Ukranian
thing a threat to our democracy yeah it
isn't it is not
please retell the story about I don't
know what story you want me to tell I'm
just looking at your your comments rail
Dam is trying to confiscate weapons
yeah I'm not up on that so I'll have to
study up at that have you heard of Earth
ships I have but I'm not an expert on
that oh the letter you got to pay do you
retry Dilbert I've told that story so
many times I think I'm gonna hold off on
that one
am I your youngest biggest fan yes you
are Jared oh did you see Joe Rogan
posting on the simulated video Trump
singing all I want for Christmas now is
it a deep fake
I think 2020 is gonna be the year of the
deep fake don't you we're gonna see a
lot of deep fakin
why not lasik yet I looked into lasik
and it wouldn't work for me so I would
still need glasses for all of my
up-close work but since most of the
things I do are up close I'm on my phone
90% of the day having LASIK would just
change my problem from needing glasses
to drive which I do an hour a day to
needing glasses for looking at things
that are close which I do 23 hours a day
except when I'm sleeping I guess
was Trump really afraid of running
against Biden
I don't think afraid would be the right
word but he does seem to think that
that's gonna be the guy
where does loser think rank in your
recommended books list well in my
recommended books I'm recommending the
the persuasion reading list is is what I
usually recommend so loser think isn't
about persuasion per se it's about how
to think more productively uh for fun
have John Dvorak I know John he'd be fun
maybe we should do that John you may be
watching this right now if you are you
were invited
yeah I've invited McAfee to be on here
but I haven't I haven't nailed that down
with his I think his wife I'm not sure
who does his schedule what about the
Trump charity settlement not too
interested yeah I know there's a story
about there was a Trump charity and he
got in trouble for her and I don't have
to pay a fine or something
I know not too interesting the slaughter
meter is at 100% or 200% one I LASIK
works yeah I could do one an LASIK but
that there's something about that that's
scary how about Candice Owens yes I'm
invited to and have accepted talking on
Candice Owens show but I need to get
down to LA to do that when she's there
so it's a scheduling thing I did hear
from somebody on Cory Booker's somebody
who knows Cory Booker who wanted to see
if he could connect me to see if I could
get Cory Booker on here for an interview
so I'm working on that as well
all right yeah you know the thing with
the the charities and stuff I always
feel like we don't have the full story
so I feel like those are ones where we
never really know what was going on so
it's hard to comment on those about Adam
Carolla I did Adam Carolla's show just
recently the McLaughlin group is back
yeah bonded employment I rolled out an
idea about I don't want to talk about
that now will trump lose the popular
vote again
you know I don't know but I don't know
that it matters because losing the
popular vote really means that you lost
what California in New York right that's
all it takes is to lose California in
New York and you've lost the popular
vote so I don't know that it matters
don't in the matters oh here's a here's
an interesting question for you it's the
end of the year why don't you name your
superstars I want to hear your
superstars for the media people who you
followed who wrote articles maybe they
were pundits maybe they were online
personalities tell me who were your
superstars for the year I saw Molly
Hemingway's name go by and she's on my
short list of superstars a tremendous
writer and communicator Byron York I
would say one of the best Matt Taibbi
incredible Joel Pollak amazing mostly
these are just the most effective
influential just quality writers that
have influenced me this year Mike Serna
vich every day he's interesting
I love watching Jack pasaba --xx Twitter
feed what are the best there is
yeah I don't follow Sarah Carter and
John Solomon as much but I hear good
things about him
Kim Kim Strasse incredible one of the
one of the tops for sure and we like all
of our Fox News hosts those are
automatics yeah Victor David Hansen he's
a star
Tim Poole dan bungee know cheryl
atkinson yeah rush limbaugh of course
kanye of course in his own way
glenn greenwald you know i have i have
such a love-hate relationship with
reading glenn greenwald because he's
brilliant and i like most of what he
says but not all of it andrew mccarthy
of course amazing yeah and of course the
politicians Nunez gates all great all
right that's enough for now
and I will talk to you yeah Michael
Tracy another great one and I will talk
to you all later