[Music]
Joanne here you are so fast as always
the rest of you come on in here Michael
Mustang
girl hey Mike hey Duke oh no I don't
know if that's your
name um Bella drift wood Rock it's good
to see you probably going to be a lot of
traffic this this morning because people
like to see
me to see me being wrong that's always
fun all right so let's catch up
everybody um you are clearly aware by
now the vast majority of you watching
this that I like many people were fooled
by a video that uh CNN ran of the
Covington uh Catholic School boys and
the story of course you all know the
story it was it looked like the boys
were the bad guys but when you see the
full video you could see that however
bad the boys
were they were the best people at that
event everybody else was terrible but
they were also adults so you're going to
have to put a higher standard on the
adults so you all know that um I had an
original view that was uh mistaken
because of the selective editing of the
video I have apologized unreservedly in
public Etc now here's what's
interesting um I being the author of the
48h hour
rule which goes like this that if
somebody says something that's a mistake
or they need to take back you should
always give them 48 hours to correct or
apologize and if they do and it's a
reasonably
competent looks sincere you should
accept it and you should move on because
it's the standard we would all want to
be uh accountable to you know I
certainly understand if somebody says I
can never forgive you for the rest of my
life I understand emotionally why You'
think that but as a society should we
not
agree that if somebody makes a real
mistake like we all do we all do it's a
universal trait of humans we make
mistakes and then they they atone for it
in the sense that they apologize and
correct shouldn't we always accept and
move on because you don't want to live
in a world where you don't do that you
don't want to live in a world where
people don't accept apologies you really
wouldn't it would be a terrible
world so as
as the simulation or fate would
determine I as the author of the 48 hour
rule found myself right in the middle of
needing to use that rule sorry my cat is
getting ready to accost me here
um say hi so buo would like to say
hi all right uh so I made my apology on
social media now I got a ton of push
back from people on the
right uh saying a number of things which
I would like to criticize them for right
now now eventually I had to tweet that I
was going to start blocking anyone who
could not accept my apology because I
don't want to live in a world with
people like that the worst people in the
story are the people who didn't accept
my
apology that seems like a big statement
right and it sounds like I'm I'm just
making it all about me but whether it
was me or somebody else you know it
doesn't matter who's doing the apology
apologizing you've got a story where
there there was a lot of alleged bad
behavior from outright racism to
homophobia to terrible
things but I'll tell you if you can't
live in a world where somebody can make
uh you know a very understandable
mistake if you can't live in that world
and then apologize you just the whole
society breaks down if you can't accept
that standard so I would say that's some
of the worst behavior we've seen are the
people who couldn't accept the apologies
here are some of the things they said in
defense of their opinion that they could
not accept apologies one was that I'm an
idiot for believing and here's the
important word anything on CN
CNN so and some people said wait a
minute you criticize CNN almost every
day true and and therefore how could you
be so dumb that you would believe them
in everything they
say here's my answer I did not believe
CNN I believed my own
eyes if CNN had said I have a secret
source that says some kids did some bad
things I would
said maybe not I better wait on that one
right but if I see a video with my own
eyes I'm not really believing
CNN cuz I think they got fooled by the
same video I I'd like to see the chain
of custody of that video but I have a
suspicion that they may have been fooled
as well in other words it's the video
that was the the problem not the fact
that it was on
CNN so anybody who tells me that
believing a video you see on any network
is believing the network well that's
kind of a
stretch I believed my own eyes which
were
wrong right I believed what was clearly
in front of me and obvious and it was
wrong now the dumbest people in this
argument have said to me Scott you
should have known to do your own
research and dig deeper into this that's
a dumb opinion right some of these
opinions are matter of opinion matter of
priority you know matter of philosophy
Etc but there are other opinions that
are just plain
dumb right we live in a world where
we're bombarded with
situations it is not practical to do
deep deep analysis on every
situation that's not a thing you know I
I'm making hundreds of decisions a day
I'm not going to do deep anal is on all
of them neither are you there's nobody
who appli you people are trying to apply
a standard to me that literally no human
has ever used for their life or ever
could it's not even possible to do deep
analysis before you form an opinion on
everything on just
everything here's what does make
sense sometimes the evidence is so clear
that you're pretty sure you don't have
to do any
research uh somebody somebody turn
turned that into research is
dumb if you think I said research is
dumb you're kind of the dumb one in this
conversation uh I'm saying that in the
real world doing research on every fact
that is presented to you is not possible
it's not practical Nobody Does it you
don't do it I don't do it Nobody Does it
you you pick your shots so if somebody
says I've got this anonymous source and
they say something that doesn't sound
right to you well there's a situation
maybe you want to wait wait for a little
more information do a little Deep dive
but if you see something with your own
eyes and it looks obvious to you that
there could be no other
explanation jumping to a conclusion
could be wrong as as in my example so I
jumped to a conclusion that was wrong
but that's not
stupid that's just being fooled
right there's no such thing as somebody
who's so clever that they can recognize
all fake news the moment they see it
that's not a thing and to all of you
people who climbed onto my Twitter feed
today to tell me that you can tell fake
news just by looking at
it you're all blocked all right you're
you're just not part of the productive
conversation nobody can tell fake news
just by looking at it you think you can
because you've been right a number of
times right but it's easy to be right to
calling fake news fake news do you know
how just call it all fake news you're
going to be right so often that it will
feel like you're Magic Hey I was right
five times when I called out CNN on fake
news because the other news told me it
was
wrong you're not you're not part of stop
apologizing blocked
all right anybody who criticizes me on
the
apology gets blocked because I don't
want to live in the world with people
like you I don't want to have any I
don't want to have any interaction with
somebody who can't accept a a legitimate
apology there are certainly illegitimate
apologies but mine clearly is not that
nobody has nobody has suggested that I'm
insincere about it right now some people
have said that I must rep uh that I
should do more I've got to you fund the
lawyers for the children because I was
part of getting it wrong I need to hunt
down the actual people in the video and
apologize to them and to their F
families in person no I don't that's not
a standard you you want anybody to
adhere to people say stuff in public on
social media all day long and the best
they should do is to correct it when
it's wrong now in my case uh let me
check the traffic on this so I pinned my
apology and it got a lot of viral
traffic and I'm going to see how many
people saw the
apology versus the original incorrect
opinion okay
so the the replay of the apology and
this is just the Periscope because I
also had I think I got something like
10,000 retweets on the Tweet without the
video 10,000 retweets I believe is my
record I think it's the most retweeted
I've been might have been one other but
so the most attention I've ever gotten
for a tweet or maybe second most at all
time was the correction
apology so it's you know
10:1 um impact compared to the error
and then the replay the pinned replay of
the apology has
181,000 views typically I'll get closer
to to 18,000 views for a typical video I
took down the one from yesterday that I
don't remember what the numbers were but
it was probably close to that so I've
got a
10:1 impact of the apology correction
compared to the original
error nobody in the story is doing more
than I am to correct it nobody is doing
more than I am at least in terms of
ratio you know a 10:1 apology to error
you can't beat that right 10:1 I would
say at some point you have to say you've
done enough right I'm not going to track
these people down I'm not going to go to
their house and intrude in their life
and say oh I made a mistake I fixed it
on social media but I have to talk to
you in person they don't give a they
don't give a damn about my opinion they
probably do care about social media
which I've done what I can do to fix I
mean what is reasonable to do all
right now you think this story is over
oh no you got some surprises coming I
happen to be privy to some information
that perhaps you have not yet
seen and I would love to tell you where
I got this but because it was a private
conversation I'm not going to I will
tell you that I had a a side
conversation with a prominent
anti-trumper who showed me um let's say
another side of the
story
that is
shocking right so there's more to the
story that is absolutely jaw-dropping
shocking and I'll bet none of you have
seen it yet you're going to probably see
it
today I assume you're going to see some
stuff that you didn't know was coming
I'll give you a
preview um one is that the the issue of
whether these kids did something bad at
the event will probably be minimized in
favor of other bad things they've done
and let me give you a sample of some of
the other bad things they've done as
told to me by someone who's watching one
of the other movies right and and it's a
prominent
person number
one uh this and again these are not my
opinions I'm presenting someone else's
opinion number one the hats are a known
racist
symbol so wearing the hats if nothing
else happened wearing the magga hats was
a known racist symbol might as well be
been wearing KKK robes all right this
again not my opinion I'm telling you the
other movies opinion now I thought about
that and I thought this I have not given
enough
credit to the Democrats for
persuasion and I don't know how I missed
this exactly but have you ever seen the
situation where a political party
successfully um successfully reframed
someone
else's uh political logo as a racist
symbol
I mean think about it one of the great
persuasion plays of all time is to take
this super successful you know hat logo
thing which I think I'm pretty sure um
Society will look at one of the greatest
political persuasion plays of all time
was the red the red hats for uh Trump
just a huge
success but the left has successfully
started to identify it as a racist
symbol now I'm not saying it's racist
symbol I'm saying that they have
actually succeeded in this so on their
side it's it's so obviously to them a
racist symbol that you can't even wear
the hat and I was thinking man imagine
if could Republicans ever do that to the
other side that is some seriously
powerful persuasion so forget about
what's good or right or what should
happen just talking about the skill of
it that's pretty impressive you have to
you have to admit that if the other team
can make you not even use your own logo
they've done a good job of persuasion
not a good job of being good people but
good job of
persuasion so you'll see that argument
that the hats alone are bad here's
another one and here's one you're not
going to like cuz I'm going to agree
with the critic here all right now this
is not different from things I've been
telling you
forever here's a criticism that I think
is actually a pretty good
one why are miners because the the boys
were all minors they were under
18 why are minor
boys uh giving us all their opinion
about what adult women should do with
their bodies because it was in the
context of the the uh right to life
march now now I want to be careful I'm
not taking sides on the debate I'm not
taking deci side pro-abortion pro-life
I'm not taking aide I'm making a simple
statement about who should be talking
about the issue and one of the
criticisms is why is a busload of
16-year-old let is
boys telling adult women what to do with
their bodies and I heard that and I
thought okay okay I'm taking I'm I'm
going to accept that criticism that's a
pretty good criticism
pretty good criticism no matter which
side you are on on the on the thing now
my personal opinion on abortion which I
think most of you have heard is that um
my personal opinion okay this isn't what
you should do I'm not suggesting what
any of you should do I'm saying my
personal opinion is that I personally
should not have an opinion on abortion
rights because because I'm a man and I
think that we get a more credible
outcome if women who are obviously
completely capable and have more skin in
the game make the decision and then just
tell us what you want all right if
you're in I'll back it if you're not in
as a majority you know it should be
majority uh decision and if you're not
in I'll just stay out of it so my
version my version of how an adult male
should should play this is that
personally I think I don't add anything
to the conversation and if all I'm going
to do is interfere with the conversation
I say stay out
now if you tell me that a minor I don't
care if the minor is male or female if
you tell me that a minor should be
telling adult women what to do with
their bodies I say that's a
foul we don't have minors informing
adults what to do with their
bodies
period all right I I I think that's
something all of us should agree on even
if you agree with agree with the um the
miners who were marching if you even if
you're totally on their
side miners should not be influencing
adults on what to do with their bodies
that's a red line right there that is a
solid that's a wall
that's a red line so when I heard this
when I heard that criticism I said to
myself okay I'm in I'm in on that you
know that's one thing and I would go
further I would say that the adults who
allowed
children to protest what adult women
should do with their bodies had you know
had a bunch of men young men do that
it's just the wrong it's the wrong
look so that was fair
um there
are two
photos that probably you haven't seen
yet that are about the same school and
the sports teams of these same
schools that to me are clearly fake
photos so when I look at them I say
those aren't real right and I'm not even
going to describe what they are because
they're so obviously not
real but they will certainly be
persuasive to the people who say that
these kids are bad kids in general you
know independent of whatever happened
that day there are two photos of them
allegedly involved in the worst behavior
you've you could ever
imagine that do appear to be
fake now you may start seeing them on
social media I doubt you'll ever see
them I'd be I'd be amazed if you see
them on on like regular news because
there so obviously fake but in the two
movie World other people are seeing some
pictures that would make the school but
not necessarily these specific kids and
nothing about that day but it would look
make the kids at that school the boys
look like really bad human
beings all right I'm not even going to
say what the pictures are because one of
them is so fake that it's laughable I
I'll tell you that one of the pictur
that's clearly fake shows an adult in
the scene as if he wouldn't M as if he
wouldn't mind the behavior he's just
sort of standing there okay didn't that
didn't really
happen there's no way that whatever was
happening in that picture is the way
it's being describe because the adult
the adult there wouldn't just be
standing there like it was no big deal
uh and the second one is a type of
picture again I'm not going to explain
what's in the picture cuz it's a it
seems more obviously fake than possibly
it's a type of picture we've seen faked
before so there are other fakes that are
just like this one now I'm not going to
say that it's impossible that someday
there will be a Nigerian prince who
sends you an email and says hey i' you
know you could make a lot of money if
you help me get my money out of
Nigeria so far every single Nigerian
prince has been a scam you I think you
all know what I'm talking about the
famous Nigerian
emails but that's not to say that
someday there won't be a real Nigerian
email I'm just saying it's really really
unlikely and likewise with these
pictures that the folks on the left are
probably going to see today um it could
be true but it's really really unlikely
because it falls into a category of
things which are almost always
fake so here's the bottom line
if you think that people who are dug
into a position are just going to change
their minds you don't really live in the
real world it's very unusual for people
to change their minds you saw me correct
my opinion but that's no big deal
because I corrected it in a direction
that I wanted to correct it I wanted
them not to be
guilty so you know I was I was
springloaded to want the kids not to be
monsters
but you know my first impression was
that they did bad stuff the corrected
impression was I saw it in a context and
it wasn't what I thought that's the
hence the apology but people are going
to kind of see what they want to see um
I saw what I wanted to see and corrected
to that position that doesn't make me a
hero cuz I corrected to where I kind of
wanted to be somebody just said where's
the simultaneous sip excellent question
simultaneous sip coming up grab your mug
your cup your chalice your container
your thermos your glass your shock glass
fill it with your favorite liquid I like
coffee and join me for the simultaneous
sip all right let's talk about
um Cal
Harris who an
now before I do I'm going to give you
some context so Cala Harris announced
she's running for president no big
surprise but um now the fun begins so
yesterday I tweeted around a Jake Tapper
a clip from Jake Tapper interviewing
kren
gillibrand uh hope I'm pronouncing that
right so she is also a candidate for
president I think she's announced but in
any event we all know she's running and
I guess she was more conservative in the
pass and Jake Tapper
said to her um you've called the
president's border wall plan racist and
then he said why wouldn't your own
opinions be racist since in 2006 I
believe you you agreed with funding
border security so why is it racist when
the president does it but it's not
racist when you did exactly the same
thing and that was
CNN and Jake
Tapper asking exactly the right
question now uh it was it was shocking
to see actually cuz she sputtered and
couldn't answer it and and you watched
her presidential Ambitions just fizzle
in front of
you so CNN clearly is not backing
Kirsten
gillibrand and what I predicted was that
you would watch CNN and not CNN alone
you know everybody on the anti-trump
side that you would watch them start
picking off the weak candidates on the
left because they don't want to have a
real messy situation they need to get
their top candidate whoever they want up
to the top and clear out the weak field
as quickly as possible so they're not
cannibalizing each
other uh I have predicted since I know
for at least for the last 6 months I've
been predicting
that um Cala Harris would be the
likely uh eventual candidate it seems to
me the CNN
agrees because if you if you watch the
coverage of Cala watch How It's more
positive and watch how all of the
candidates who are not Kamala Harris get
criticized by the pundits and I think
you're going to see a very clear pattern
start to develop so this is a prediction
we haven't gone far enough for me to say
that it's already happening but I will
say it you know I'm not already wrong
meaning that they haven't gone hard at
Kamala Harris they've been very nice to
her in their coverage and they have
definitely been not nice to other
competitors so Tulsi gabard and Kirsten
gillibrand uh have gotten the tougher
treatment so here's something you need
to understand about the world and about
how candidates are selected this is the
actual way it happens people don't
generally understand this there are some
you know a handful of uh influential
mostly billionaires media Mogul types
who decide who the candidates are going
to be typically Trump was the total
exception to the rule because he was the
billionaire and there's only one Trump
and he broke all the rules Etc but the
typical way that the world works is that
a small group of people decide who is
who they can fund basically you know who
is it that would be worthy of their
money and their attention they decide
and then the the media uh that they
control gets on board and then they
brainwash the the voters and then the
voters have the illusion that they have
selected a
candidate but the voters the only
information the voters have have comes
from the their chosen media and their
chosen media is pretty much following
you know not necessarily a specific memo
but it's it it starts to become clear to
everybody in a variety of ways who their
their team wants all right so I'm not
going to say that there's a meeting or
there's a memo that comes out and they
all read the memo and go oh okay we're
all getting behind this or that what I'm
saying is that in essence very very few
people decide who the candidate is going
to be the media will cement that view in
the public and then the public will have
the illusion the illusion that they
chose the
candidate none of that's true and the
way you can know that this is the case
is that if you imagine all the different
ways that a story could be
told and and then you talk to any of the
candid let's say any of the voters who
are let's say on the left
those voters will all mimic exactly what
they heard in their preferred media if
you just grab somebody on the street
let's say 3 months before election day
or or even 3 months before the uh
primaries if you talk to any voter and
say why do you like X they will tell you
something they heard on television or
something they read in in their friendly
media they will not tell you something
you've never heard
all right that just doesn't happen and
that's your tell that they're getting
their story from you know from
essentially
brainwashing all right
um I I just want to Circle back to this
thought for the people who uh are are
chastising me for being wrong in my
initial view about the kids because of
the video that I saw it is not wrong to
believe your own eyes
most of the time all right most of the
time it's the best you have you know if
you actually directly or even on video
observe an
event you know it could be wrong and
often is and this is the perfect example
of that but you don't have a more direct
way to know reality there's no better
way to do it right than seeing it and
that can be wrong too as we saw so don't
uh don't be the dumb people who say why
would you believe your own
eyes well that's what we do so I will
commit to you as a number of people have
said Scott just make sure you never make
this mistake again the mistake being
watching a video and believing what I
saw in the video I want to guarantee to
you I will make that mistake again I
guarantee every one of you watching this
will make that mistake
of believing what you see over and over
again in your life you don't have the
option of not there's no option of not
believing what you see you can you can
dis believe a story about somebody who
talk to somebody you can dis believe
somebody's spin you can disb believe a
document the document could be forged
you can disbelieve a lot of stuff but
the one you're going to probably get
fooled by every time is a picture
or a video those are just too
influential it's really hard for um you
know it's really hard for anybody not to
be fooled by that and I'm certainly not
going to commit to you that I will never
be fooled by a video of an event that's
not a thing I will be fooled I will be
fooled by a video of event in the future
I will be guaranteed and when I find out
I'll try to correct it that's all I can
commit to that's
it somebody says Get the facts all right
let's let's follow your brilliant your
brilliant belief that you should do your
research and get the facts let's let's
just show you how brilliant you are and
let's see I'm going to turn this around
because I might need this
later oh good there's nothing on
there all right so so all of you
geniuses
who piled on today and said I should
follow the facts let me show you what
that looks like so here's the initial
story all right and then there's the
smart people the smart people who are
giving comments and they do their own
research and they get to the
truth and so these brilliant people are
saying why did you stop here with the
original story when all smart people
know you need to do a little deeper dive
you must get more facts you must
research to get to the truth the people
who say that are the dumbest people in
the story these are the dumb
people and there's no other way to say
this unfortunately I don't want to
insult you but it these are the dumb
people here's why how do you know when
you're done
how do the people who researched and got
to the
truth how do they know they're done with
the research how many times have you
seen people go down the research well
and they say okay I guess I'm done i'
I've got everything I've done all the
research I'm done how do you know you're
done if you were fooled here how do you
know this isn't fooling you you have no
way to know you have no way to know
right
let's say you're looking into climate
science climate science um I'm calling
like a
well here's a little bucket on your
well if if you get the story on climate
science that's the surface and people
say oh I'm not going to believe all the
scientists say I'll go down and I'll
look at the
Skeptics all right skeptic tells me that
the story is wrong now I've done my
research I'm brilliant no you haven't
because if you show the skeptic's
argument to the scientist the scientist
will tell you why the skeptic's
wrong so now you're done right you saw
the story you listen to the Skeptics
then you then the scientist told you why
the original story was right you're done
right no you're not because the skeptic
will look at what the scientists said
and the skeptic will say no the
scientist is
wrong and then you show that to the
scientist and the scientist will say say
no I was right the first time and here
are the things You' forgotten to
Infinity it's Turtles all the way down
and eventually you will reach a place
right about here where there's something
you don't
understand CU you're not a climate
scientist eventually this argument will
be an infinite
Perpetual uh you know falling into
things you don't understand until you
get to a point until you
I'm seeing comments that are making my
head spin all right eventually you get
to a point where you can't check it or
you don't even understand
it so the dumbest
opinion is that you should have
researched
it okay that's always the dumbest
opinion anybody who says you got it
wrong because you didn't research enough
that's the dumbest opinion because you
can't research these things enough you
never know when you're done there's no
way to know you're done can't be
done all right so don't ask me to do the
impossible especially when you
especially when you've never done it
yourself all right
uh so I'm just looking at your comments
now how did you learn to think that way
oh that's a good question and it is
answered in my new book loser think
which I just handed in my first draft
you're comparing science to a
self-explanatory video no I have a
chapter on people who say stuff like
that though I'm not comparing them they
are two
examples that is different than
comparing
them now also the the other problem is
what I call the failure of
imagination so when when I saw the
original video
that I um that I incorrectly made an
assumption about the reason that I I got
fooled was a failure of
imagination right I failed to imagine
that there was any other way to
interpret it then when the new
information came out I said oh okay this
is the new information but I'm making
the same mistake again with the
clarification am I not because having
seen the claric
I said to myself well I can't imagine
anything that would change my opinion
now that I've seen the clarification
that's exactly what I said when I saw
the first
story exactly the same mental problem I
said I can't imagine how this could be
wrong and then when it was wrong I said
I can't imagine how this new thing will
be wrong but it
could all right it could and if anything
that I heard from my uh Source on the
left today is true it would definitely
change the story but I wouldn't know if
it was true so it's Turtles all the way
down
um
see somebody says the video did not show
the kids doing anything
wrong um but I saw that
I saw them doing something wrong it was
an interpretation that was
incorrect So when you say the video
doesn't show it you're failing to
understand the
basic the basic nature of human beings
that we can look at exactly the same
thing and have different opinions and it
doesn't necessarily mean one of us is
dumb it doesn't it's not dumb to look at
the same situation and have different
interpretations that's just the normal
way of all Minds so you can't say that
the normal way humans are is is done
that wouldn't make
sense you should always look for
multiple sources that's dumb here's why
not the fact that you should look for
multiple sources the problem is that
there will always be maybe more sources
you never know when you're done it's
impossible to know when you've
researched
enough you there may be exceptions to
that but sometimes
uh now I'm yeah now I've seen stories
about uh allegations about the Native
American Veteran and people are doing
math and saying well he couldn't have
really been in Vietnam when he said
because of his his age Etc
um uh I would say I would not oh let me
ask you this for those of you who say
we should do your own research and keep
looking down do you believe the people
who say that the Native American is not
the veteran he claims to be do you
believe that because you first learned
he was a veteran and then people did a
bunch of research and they have evidence
they believe shows that he lied about
being a veteran are you done have you
done your research and now you're done
CU don't you think there's a little more
research after that
CU I don't think you're done but I bet a
lot of people think they're done that's
the illusion the illusion is that you
only do your research until you find
something you already were likely to
believe this is the best okay this is
the best way to say it in reality people
will do their
research only as deeply as they have the
the interest and the talent generally
until they reach a point that they
already agreed so in other words they're
looking for a confirmation of their
opinion they're not looking for research
it feels likely you're researching but
you're
not um how about having a 24-hour rule
of not
comenting here's uh so I agree with the
24-hour
rule except when you can see it with
your own
eyes all right if you see it with your
own eyes do you really need to wait you
know do you really need to wait week if
you saw a video let's say you saw a
video of
um uh who was it Mel Gibson let's say
you saw a video of Mel Gibson uh being
stopped by police and saying a bunch of
anti-Semitic things I think he was
accused of that so I wasn't there but
let's say you saw a video of
it would you need to
wait would you need to do your re
research to find out that somebody's on
video let's say if you saw on video
something that clearly was somebody
saying a bunch of racist stuff do you
need to wait no you don't you don't need
to research that you saw it with your
own eyes now I thought that I saw one of
those situations with my own eyes and it
was it was clear and obvious and I was
wrong that's why I
apologized uh but it is not wise
to always wait 24 hours if you think
there's nothing to wait for all right so
you have to use a little judgment we
don't live in such a clean world that
waiting 24 hours always makes sense now
I think this was a good cautionary tale
because it sort of it sort of gives you
a sense of how wrong you can be about
things you think are right so I think my
own opinion about what is uh clear and
obvious and
incontrovertible has been now
permanently
adjusted so one of the questions people
ask me is what are you going to do
different differently next time and I
would say it's not so much what I'm
going to do differently next time you
know what have I learned from this but
rather my filter has been permanently
reset so as skeptical as I have always
been and I'm deeply on the skeptical
side even I wasn't skeptical enough so
so I took my skepticism which was a you
know probably an 8.5 out of 10 and I
just said man that's not
enough being skeptical at a level of 8.5
and of 10 still wasn't enough I need to
dial that up a little more maybe
9.5 so here's my answer I will never
commit that you should wait on every
story for 24 hours cuz there are some
stories that just are so of obvious that
you can't convince yourself that waiting
makes any difference but I'm definitely
going to be a lot more discriminating
about how often I say you don't have to
wait and that just shrunk to a very
small
number uh and it was a small number
before but now it's now it's going to be
minuscule so I have changed that's the
change I can commit to so the change I
commit to is that I will adjust my own
sense of how certain I can be even when
I've seen it with my own eyes that's the
new part even when I've seen it with my
own eyes I won't I won't automatically
believe that now but that doesn't mean
there aren't still things that are just
so clear there's nothing to say about
them all
right uh somebody says you think you are
a God you're meat like all of us did I
just say something that made me sound
like I thought I was God what video are
you
watching it's an entire video talking
about my mistakes and my inability to
see the future and somebody said well
you're calling yourself God I'm like
that feels like exactly the opposite of
what was going on
here
um somebody said I made the mistake of
thinking that Trump's enemies were
acting in good faith no no I did not
make make that mistake there was no
point that I trusted CNN in at least as
a mental process I believed my own eyes
I looked at the video and it didn't
matter where it came from why would it
matter where it came from I believed my
own eyes and I was
deceived that's not me believing
CNN believing CNN is when they have a
secret Source I don't believe that but
if I'm looking at the video I don't care
who gave it to me if it's if it's if it
seems that clear I'm going to be Fooled
Again in the future probably but I'll
definitely try to tighten my filter all
right
uh you were on the sanctimonious side
today what does sanctimonious
mean I'm going to
ask let me let me see if I make sure I
know what santimon
means I I mean I know what it means in
context but I want to make sure I have
the right definition CU I don't want to
say I'm not being sact demonus until I
know exactly what I in making a show of
being morally Superior to other people
oh no I'm not doing that has anything
I've done spoken to my moral
superiority I don't think so I don't
even think that's the topic is it is
that have I talked about morality at all
when I I think everything I've talked
about is a practical a practical thing
meaning when do you believe things when
you don't what's a good system for
society including accepting mistakes and
accepting
uh um
accepting accepting
apologies that's not a moral opinion
it's not a moral opinion that you should
accept apologies it's a practical
opinion what it's it's a system that
makes Society work more efficiently so
if you interpreted anything I said as
being a moral
superiority I'm not even talking about
morality in any
way at
all all right uh I'm
preachy preachy may be in tone but
certainly uh I'm telling you systems
that I think work better than other
systems and one of them is don't believe
that research does what you think it
does I definitely I'm preaching
that you scolded the teens
parents uh in which context I think
there are two different contexts you
must be talking about um I would not
take scold necessarily as uh as a
description of what I did
the world you
like somebody says I'm claiming
superiority because I apologized what
was what was the alternative to
that is the alternative that I'd be a
better person if I didn't
apologize uh people have really really
strong opinions on this whole topic
about the kids I think I think it was
sort of a perfect storm in which it took
every if you think about it the the
story with the kids took every emotional
thing and put it into one story first of
all it was about minors all right so
anything about children has more more
impact second of all it had racism it
had it had different
races uh it had uh something about
anti-gay stuff
I mean it had it had
every every interesting thing you could
ever
have oh somebody wanted me let me give
you an update on my hot water heater
this will only make sense for those of
you who have heard the whole story so
I'll just zip through it I had this long
sequence of bad coincidences where
everything kept breaking as soon as one
thing was fixed another got broken so I
did get my water heater fixed after it
seemed impossible
several times it took an entire day and
it was it was finished at night the
moment it was fixed and those of you who
heard my story about the simulation will
understand this the moment my water
filter was fixed something unrelated
which is the warm floors um manifold
which puts warm water under the floor to
warm the house completely unrelated a
different piece of equipment not
physically attached to the water heater
except by you know h es a completely
different piece of equipment popped a
leak as the plumber was standing there
fixing the other thing so the simulation
part of it was the weird set of
coincidences that when one thing was
fixed at the exact moment it was fixed
another thing broke on and on and on and
that that trend has continued and after
the water heater was fixed completely
unrelated a leak popped with no known
cause on an unrelated piece of equipment
10 ft
away because simulation I can't explain
it but it's been weird somebody says
you've been that I've been seeming
different
lately I don't know about
that um I think I think I'm different
depending on the story wouldn't you say
there are some stories that
I have more skin in the game so
yesterday for
example you have to understand how weird
my life is you my life is just sort of
not like not like other people um and
one of them is that you know most of you
just watched the news
about the you know the Covington kids
and you maybe made some comments on
social media and that was your own
involvement I made comments about the
same story all of you were commenting on
except I became part of the
story so I think the Daily Caller and
Breitbart and um um at least one other
major blog uh ran stories about me
because of this story you know and the
story was that some people were
apologizing for getting it wrong the
first time so when I comment on stuff
I'm not just commenting I actually
become the story simply by the
commenting yet depending on what I
comment on so there are there are
stories which I have skin in the game
and I'm sure that shows differently than
when I'm just talking about something
that I'm not really a part
of did the repair man lie not not that
I'm aware of I I think the plumbers
actually did everything that I wanted
them to do they just had an insane
number of bad coincidences that could
not have been anything they were doing
uh this was a bit personal it was
personal it was personal because I was
part of the story that's what I'm
saying
um
yeah how is my girlfriend Christina
she's great and we're great
breit bar yelled at me no breit bar was
just telling the story about some people
apologizing they they were descriptive
they were not putting an opinion on it
in in my
case
um your mistake helped turn it
around well let me ask you do you think
that my apology
uh and my my clean reversal of opinions
do you think it changed the
story in any important way I mean you
know every everything's part of the
story but do you think that my
involvement actually change the the
nature of the story in some national way
because I don't see that I I don't see
my I don't see my
involvement being part of really
changing the story I think I'm just part
of it
could it be you analyzed the future
better than the now that's a great
question so somebody said am I better at
predicting the future than I am at uh
interpreting what I'm looking at in the
moment such as that video uh I've never
thought about that question I would just
say that everybody is bad at
interpreting the
present we're we're sort of universally
all bad at that um but sometimes people
are better at predicting the
future
[Music]
uh your apologies set a positive example
I don't know there's no way to know that
my guess is that the other people who
apologized probably would have ended up
there the the fact that maybe I was
early in that process I don't think it
was really influential maybe but I don't
I don't see clear evidence that
somebody's asking if Ruth Bader Ginsburg
is deceased the answer is
no the answer is
no
um people use me to analyze the
now well you should use as many sources
as you can stand but remember you can
never research it
enough uh with all respect you should
listen to your audience
more um
really here here's the thing that
bothered me the most maybe I haven't
said this as clearly the people who said
they were positive it was a
fake from the moment they saw
it are not credible voices in this
because if all you did is disbelieve
everything the other side says that
doesn't make you a genius let me say it
again if you if you reflexively
disbelieve everything the other team is
saying that doesn't make you the smart
one in the
conversation all right that that makes
you the dumb one in the
conversation the if you're not looking
at every situation as freshly as you can
and as objectively as you can you you
you're not really in a strong position
to criticize me all right
if and I can't tell you how many people
criticized me yesterday and today for
not believing that the other team is is
wrong 100% of the
time they're not wrong 100% of the time
and you do know that they think your
team is wrong 100% of the time so if
your belief is that the other team uh
all their facts are wrong all the
reporting is wrong 100% of the time
you're not part of this
thinking the thinking population you
you're you're just a bumper sticker with
a spine all right maybe a bumper sticker
with a central nervous system if all you
are is a bumper sticker and you're
coming to criticize me for having an
independent opinion you don't have much
you're not standing on the Solid Ground
there somebody says it's a pattern it's
not 100% pattern if you were to actually
take the news that CNN reports and
actually make a list what's true and
what isn't most of it would be
true I know you don't want to hear that
now their interpretation of the news
often would be you know different from
what you would call true but if they
report that somebody quit if they report
that there's a war if they report that
something blew up if they report that
the president has you know said he's
going to run if they report that Kamal
Harris says she's going to uh you know
run for president most of what CNN says
is
true their interpretations of it of
course are are you know and how they how
they put a spin on it of course is
opinion but if your opinion is that 100%
of what CNN says is
untrue you're you're not smart enough to
talk on social
media I mean you you you've missed the
bar right you're honestly I hate to say
it you're just not bright enough to say
opinions in public you're just a you're
a bumper sticker with a central nervous
system and you probably shouldn't join
the smart people
talking did that sound arrogant and what
was the other word
uh what did somebody call me earlier
sanctimonious uh it's not santimon cuz
it's not a moral opinion it's an opinion
about what
works and what what what doesn't work as
assuming that one of the new sources is
100% wrong 100% of the time that's not
thinking all right
um which side is the side of love
both it's definitely not true that one
side is in favor of love and the other
side is
evil I'm pretty sure that's not the
case somebody said I didn't say patterns
were
100% then why would you treat them like
they're
100% patterns can you know tell you
maybe the odds but they certainly can't
tell you what
is you're adding to the body of evidence
that white people are held to a
different
standard should I care about
that should I care that white people are
held to a different
standard I think it depends on the
situation
because uh for example you know adults
are held to a different standard than
minors for example if there's a fight
that breaks out in the bar men are held
to a different standard than women you
know let's say a man in a woman got into
a fist fight I don't think they should
be treated with the same standard
because you know assuming that the man
is the larger uh creature in the story
there are lots of
situations where you should not hold
people to the same standard I think you
have to look at each one you have to
look at each
situation
uh distrust any Sensational story at
least a little
um yeah I think that's the lesson here I
I I think we should narrow the
lesson I would narrow the lesson from
the Covington situation if if people are
saying the lesson is you should distrust
everything CNN says I don't feel like
that's the right lesson I think the
right lesson is video lies far more than
you could
imagine that's that's a good lesson
right cuz it wouldn't have mattered I'm
pretty sure that if I'd seen the same
video on Fox news or any other source my
opinion would have been the same and
wasn't it on Fox News well correct me if
I'm wrong can can somebody inform me did
the video that played on CNN that was
just the small video of the interaction
with the the the Native American guy and
the guy in the Hat was that video also
on Fox News can somebody clarify that
did Fox new news play the same or
similar video as CNN played that was
just the tight clip of the
interaction can somebody answer
that cuz I I assume they did right
because it was the it was the video most
people were talking about and it was
short so I don't think it's a I don't
think I would have had a different
opinion if I'd seen it on a different
network I I was basing it on on being
fooled by a video so that's the lesson
the lesson is video lies and video will
lie more
aggressively every year because the
technology will allow that to happen and
there will be more videos
so whatever you thought of
CNN that probably should stay the same
but whatever you think of the power of
videos whether you see that video well
let me ask you this if you saw a video
on your favorite news Fox News would you
believe it if you saw a video on a new
source you
trusted and let's say many of you might
like um drudge or Fox News or something
would you trust it cuz CU if you would
because it was on a source that you
trust you haven't learned the lesson I
don't think the lesson is the
independent of who has the
video the video itself can be the lie
and the people who you know publish it
may not be aware of it because they they
might have been lied to by the video
just like you are so I wouldn't put the
trust in the publishing platform I would
I would say that the video is what you
should question no matter who was
presenting
it talk about how we can be doped up on
emotions well I think everybody knows
that story right we we can get such a
rush from our opinions and our emotions
it actually just feels good and we're
just chasing the high because wouldn't
it be didn't didn't you feel a high when
the story was very you know anti-trump
supporter on day one but then you saw it
reverse in your opinion anyway It
reversed completely didn't you feel a
high most of you who are you know Trump
supporters didn't didn't that feel like
an actual like oh that's so good that's
so good right that's what's driving your
decisions it's not your Great Brain
that's that's done a bunch of reasoning
and came up to an opinion it's your
emotions how can you assert that race
relations are hurt by CNN and yet they
love because you are making a mind
reading assumption that the evidence
does not support the mind reading
assumption is the CNN is
intentionally uh slanting the the news
to be racist because they're evil
people I don't think that's an Evidence
the evidence is that they believe what
they're
saying and believing what you're saying
and trying to fight against what you
believe is racism you could be right or
you could be wrong but you're not evil
if you're fighting against evil as you
see it and it's an evil that a lot of
people would agree with you could be
wrong but it would be hard to be evil in
that case
um some people are making the Duke
lacrosse comparison I would say there's
no
comparison Duke lacrosse was based on
human
testimony Am I
Wrong believing human testimony we
already knew was a dicey proposition uh
but believing a video that you're
watching with your own eyes a lot of us
didn't know how lying a video could be
and and now we've been informed our
filters have
changed all right
um did Q lie all right I'm not going to
talk about Q we'll talk to you later bye
for now