buh buh buh buh buh buh buh buh buh buh
buh buh buh-buh-buh well as the curtain
closes on another day here in California
and in the great nation of the United
States the incredible planet Earth
freedom is breaking out everywhere
have you heard hairdressers are getting
out of jail generals are being
exonerated citizens some of us anyway
freed from our confinement yes that's
right people freedom it's breaking out
everywhere and we're not gonna stop oh
there's gonna be some more oh yeah well
today we're going to solve this
coronavirus situation I know you're
thinking what took you so long Scott
we've been waiting for you to solve it
all and you've just been dawdling and
making making your little periscopes why
don't you actually go solve the problem
so I thought it would so we'll be doing
that today a little bit later yeah you
can wait it's not important is it if
it's important we'll do it now but
otherwise let's talk about this other
stuff this whole general Flinn thing are
you having the same experience I am
which is it just seems surreal it
doesn't really feel like this could have
happened I mean it just feels so beyond
the pale some of the things we learned
today with the transcripts they came out
apparently Obama did know that general
Flynn was being wiretapped and he asked
not to be told anything else and I say
to myself huh so Obama knew and he was
interested and remind me what did Obama
think of general Flynn oh that's right
he was the one person that Obama asked
to Trump not
trust and not to hire have you heard
what the problem is I've not yet heard
I've heard story after story that Obama
didn't like Flynn but I've never heard
why have you I haven't heard why but it
looks like there was in fact a genuine
coup attempt I don't think you can I
don't think you can hide that anymore
and watching the Democrats try to
explain this away is beyond entertaining
I mean it's pretty entertaining
so I guess Schiff says oh no rush
occlusion wasn't completely empty and so
if you say it's not completely devoid of
any findings that are derogatory to the
president you probably would need to
list some to make your point and he did
so one of the things that shift shift
points to to show that that whole Russia
collusion thing had some meat on the
bones was that Don junior went to that
meeting once I'm not making that up
shift stood in the front of the world
and said oh yeah we sure we crippled the
government and spent forty million
dollars whatever the hell it turned out
in the end
but you know we got the goods on Don
junior we've told the world that he
attended a meeting that one time and
wasn't interested and then left and
didn't follow up we got it now hahaha so
that's pathetic
and then I saw Donna Brazile reminding
us that those Russians did try to help
Clinton or try to get a trump elected
and I'm thinking to myself well that's
technically true if you talk about the
troll forum in the ads but today when
look at those ads they look like high
school ads and they weren't even all pro
Trump there weren't even all pro Trump
if somebody mounted a secret pro Trump
patrol campaign
and some of the some of the trolls
didn't hear the instructions clearly and
they're already anti anti anti Trump
stuff instead of anti-hillary stuff
should we be afraid of Russia if that
was their best play there's something
good there's something wrong with that
whole troll story like something missing
you know I think the real story is would
just be pathetic in hilarious because if
you've seen the memes they were not made
by even adults as far as I can tell they
look like they're made by chimps so the
president is sort of taking the
opportunity of the Russia collusion
thing falling apart he noted that it
made it hard to deal with Russia because
this cloud was hanging over him and I
guess he talked to lighted mirror Putin
on the 75th anniversary I don't know
winning the war or something for war
world war two and Trump said again very
clearly you know why can't we get along
with Russia either a strong power or
where strong power just sort of makes
sense here's what I think as much
trouble as we have with China while try
it while China is pretending to be our
friend
but they're stealing our IP and they're
giving us bad trade deals and you know
God knows what else do you think they're
not doing that to Russia I actually
don't know the answer to that so if
somebody knows the answer to that let me
know but my let me start with this
working assumption which could be wrong
my working assumption is if the whole
point of China's alleged you know
total war philosophy of trying to get to
the point where China dominates the
world well it's not just the United
States they want to dominate all right
does China not think that that that does
Russia not think that China wants to
boost its influence and as China's
influence grows does Russia think that's
good for them I actually don't know the
answer that it's possible that they
don't care one way or the other maybe
they just don't have any
you know interests that are in conflict
and they're like well we don't care good
for them
maybe well think so isn't it far more
likely that Russia and the United States
have a common I want to say enemy I
think that's too strong but a common
concern a common external threat and it
does seem to me that the very best thing
we could do while decoupling from China
yet whatever rate makes sense
bringing our bringing our production
facilities home that maybe we should
have some kind of an understanding with
Russia assuming we can work at our
problems with Russia but we should be
able to get to the point where we can
make the case that Russia is better as
an ally than an enemy what is it that
keeps our allies our allies what makes
France our ally a Britain or ally and we
don't worry about it even Germany oddly
enough how weird is that that Germany is
our ally and we don't really worry about
it I mean except jokingly we do but we
don't really worry about Germany what is
it about those countries that allows us
to feel comfortable that they remain our
allies well I would say that the
strongest tie we have is a military
cooperation and knowing that if one of
us got in rias trouble that the others
would be there that's a really strong
bond you can't really beat the blood
bond if you get in trouble we will die
for you what's stronger than that and
that's basically what NATO is right if
one of you guys get in trouble the rest
of you the rest of us will die
we'll die to save you you know you don't
get more of a trust than that situation
and right now we have this absurd
situation where we're treating Russia
like a competitor and sure sure you
could make a list of things they want
there were in the way maybe there's some
things we want that they're in the way
but doesn't that apply to every country
you know aren't there things we wish
you know the great Great Britain or
France would do differently or Israel or
anybody you know there's always
something but we don't have any kind of
a conflict with those other countries in
any major way couldn't we get that get
to that place with Russia if we just
realize and reframe the situation that
we have a common a common interest and
maybe at some point we should have a
common military alliance to protect us
from a giganteus china which might be 20
years away but wouldn't wouldn't it be
good to get started beefing up the
defenses all right governor Abbott was
quite impressive if you saw his his
appearance with the president today so
and I just I was just shaking my head so
hard when Abbott was talking because he
was explaining the technique that they
were using in Texas that has been
unusually successful or who seems
unexpectedly successful on site and he
described their technique and I just sat
there thinking hey you're the only one
who thought of this why isn't everybody
doing this and his technique apparently
they have these sort of rapid response
situations and so a rapid response
situation and sorry I just gonna text
the distraction I got to answer that all
right so what Texas does is they say if
your nursing home they you know put a
wall around it basically you know a
protective wall if you don't I mean
figuratively speaking and if there's a
hot spot they have a hospital emergency
group that goes there and just surrounds
it and and stamps it out so basically
what they're doing in Texas that's
different is really concentrating
resources in the group that that is more
than half of the illnesses and if you
can concentrate if you can concentrate
your effort where it matters most you
get the best result so
Texas is just doing the most logical
thing which is putting their resources
in the places that will have the biggest
impact and as he was describing it I was
just thinking and the other states are
doing what
apparently something different does it
isn't that blowing your mind I mean we
have we know the story of Cuomo sending
not not personally I don't even know if
he knew but in New York people who were
affected were sent back to nursing homes
and you know how that worked out all
right here are some facts you might not
know did you know that both both Texas
and California are young states meaning
the average median or the median let's
say the median age is fairly young in
both California and Texas so that gives
both of them an edge and they both have
some that probably gives them an edge
and you know not as many well I don't
know does Texas have as many skyscrapers
collectively as New York maybe but
spread out different cities so here's so
here's another factoid New Jersey is one
of the oldest states did you know that
also New York not I don't think that's
the start of New York City but New York
the state and New Jersey the state are
very old states relatively speaking they
have an old population I just looked it
up before I got here now is that that
tell you something that might so I
tweeted earlier
let's I'll talk about that at the end so
there are two articles in the last 24
hours about Kamala Harris being the
topic likely pick most predictable pick
before Joe Biden the PJ media wrote a
big article about that with kabbala
being the obvious choice but here's the
interesting one because PJ Media is you
know more of a right-leaning situation
but CNN's Christmas ELISA who I would
say as much as anybody at CNN Chris
ELISA
I think you would say has his finger on
the pulse of what CNN's theme and
approach is going to be wouldn't you say
those of you who have watched CNN I know
it's not all of you but I think Chris
ilysm would really represent almost
always the most mainstream opinion that
will be CNN's larger opinion and he
wrote a lengthy article it was pretty
good actually and it was showing all the
top candidates for vice president and he
also ranked Kamla Kamla Coble as number
one said the second week in row I guess
for the second time they've done it so
even CNN Chris ELISA anyway is saying
that comma is the most likely choice but
here's the interesting part
he didn't endorse her you know with the
word endorse but when he described her
it was quite positive socia them is not
only predicting it but they're sort of
subtly pushing it because there wasn't
any negative that he mentioned and he
seemed to have a very positive thought
about her as vice president and
explained why it made sense on a number
of levels now it seems to me that if
you've got CNN on board they're the best
indicator of what the Democratic let's
say machine wants because you think
MSNBC might be a little more Bernie
oriented CNN is right in the mainstream
of the the power center of the
Democratic Party wouldn't you say so if
Chris ELISA feels comfortable talking up
khamel Harris as the number one likely
pick but also best pick he didn't say
best but he indicated she'd be a strong
pick if CNN is talking
has the decision been made I ask you has
the decision been made and if the
decision is made will not everyone say
that the vice president is really the
candidate you're voting for and will I
not have achieved the greatest
prediction of all time well I will be
it's too early to say that's true but it
could happen it's shaping up even if it
doesn't happen look how close I got you
know to make a prediction that that's
what that is as wild as the one I made
which is that first of all that she be
the candidate that's wild but they even
after she suspended her campaign
I said repeatedly and publicly no she's
still going to be the candidate because
Biden's gonna fail and here we are still
too soon I may be eating crow eating my
words in a week or so if Biden picks the
vice president anything can happen I
think vice presidents are especially
hard to predict but it's looking that
way I'm trying to decide what are the
biggest stories of the Trump
administration so far like one of the
biggest stories somebody says oh you and
I would say the biggest stories of the
you know the three and a half years so
far is the first of all the fake Rush
occlusions story alright so that was
maybe the biggest story and it was fake
it was the biggest story that wasn't
even real but on another level you could
argue that the fine people hoax was one
of the biggest ones because not only was
the story itself massive but it stayed
with us there was like a story that
never left it became like the background
anger for every other story because
you'd see people bring it up four years
since 2017 it still gets brought up well
find people find people
but of course like the rush occlusion
hoax the fine people's story maybe the
second biggest story of his entire
administration was also not true it
didn't actually happen you you all know
the story but none of the people on the
Left know it because it's just now
reported you'll never see it on CNN
you'll never see another MSNBC and the
truth is of course you didn't say that
you said specifically the neo-nazis and
the racist the white nationalist I guess
should be condemned as totally that's
what he actually said should be
condemned as totally but because it was
muddled and taken out of context it was
turned into he called them fighting
people which is literally the opposite
of what happened so the two biggest
stories of the administration were both
hoaxes that weird is that but what about
the third biggest story well the third
biggest story is really the corona virus
of course but in terms of politics
what's the biggest story around the
corona virus well I think the biggest
story around the corona virus is that
the president wondered aloud about
drinking bleach and ingesting
disinfectants to fight the corona virus
which of course would kill you so don't
do that but that was a giant story and
it really became the story that people
used to I would say Park all of their
biases about the president not being up
to the job
because they wanted to think that the
job of handling this corona virus
required a certain amount of let's say
controlled leadership and deference to
scientific Authority which would be the
opposite of wondering aloud about
drinking bleach but similar to the
Russia collusion hoax and the fine
people hoax the drinking bleach and or
ingesting disinfectant hoax actually
didn't happen it didn't happen
he was talking about using light as a
disinfectant inserting it into the lungs
which is actually a real thing
it's being tested right now and it was
the context he was talking about because
he had just talked about light as a
disinfectant that was the context so the
biggest correct me if I'm wrong the
three biggest stories of the year were
all made up right yeah oh yeah then the
the hydroxychloroquine the idea that the
hydroxychloroquine was actually
dangerous because it's just a Juris as a
drug we know that's not true because
it's been you know it's been prescribed
for forever all over the world
seventy-five years or something in some
form or other and that was just a hoax I
mean that's nobody's Abinadi yet but
obviously that was that was complete
oakes
what about red and does severe REM does
very I just saw it article at CNN I
think it was so des vir is the one that
made no statistical difference that
we've identified in changing mortality
rates in CNN's touting it as a
breakthrough drug now can you be a
breakthrough drug without affecting
mortality rates now there does seem to
be a strong evidence that it reduces the
the virus but don't have evidence that
reduces the mortality rate now we also
don't have evidence than it doesn't so
we just don't have evidence either way
but why are we talking about this as a
breakthrough without the one piece of
evidence you'd really want to see which
is mortality rates sounds to me like you
shouldn't get your news from wait for it
wait for it you shouldn't get your news
from somebody who is funded mostly by
pharmaceutical company
like most of the news most of the news
is a pharmaceutical I mean you can
almost think of the news as a
pharmaceutical product Wow did I just
say that that was so profound I think I
feel I need to say it again in case
anybody missed it I'll just act like I
didn't say it the first time you act
like you didn't hear it the first time
but listen to this and act like it was
profound it's almost as if the news is
just the pharmaceutical product not bad
the second time either because the news
is designed to change your mental state
it's designed to rewire your personality
to change your mood it's designed to
influence the chemistry of your body
literally your oxytocin your dopamine
your serotonin your you know all the all
the chemicals that could make you happy
or sad that's what the news does what's
that sound like a pharmaceutical product
who is the main sponsor slash advertiser
of news pharmaceutical companies so if
you tell me that the news is one
business and the pharmaceutical business
is a separate business I would say to
you doesn't look like that it looks like
it's one business and the news is just
one of the drugs okay think about that
for a while huh head will explode
Snickers you know it's the cat it's
always the cat it's never not the cat
always the cat okay
so let's talk about vitamin D when the
Kuroda fires crisis first started I
advise as you remember that you should
get do everything to keep your immune
system strong I said make sure you get
sleep and mild exercise not strenuous
mild exercise and I told you to take a
walk because it would be the best mild
exercise because it has the double
benefit of getting you in the Sun a
little bit you get your vitamin D
vitamin D is good for your immune system
everybody knows that right so and by the
way I'm pretty sure I was the first
person to say that to say that the way
you should deal with the corona virus is
to take walks I didn't hear anybody else
say it before I say it
but anyway lose my voice here sorry
anyway so and we've also seen you've all
seen stories that maybe vitamin D would
be a treatment for people who are
already infected but there is
conflicting information I saw some
information today that maybe there's an
optimal vitamin D level and it's U
shaped meaning that you could have too
much vitamin D but you can also have too
little so there's a sweet spot that's
the best so it's not as clean as more as
better there might be some situation
where you can get too much but I don't
think you get too much with them
supplements so here's well I'm going to
add to the conversation and what I'm
adding is just a pattern recognition so
we already know vitamin D is good for
your immune system so I'm not I'm not
having that thought I'm just having this
observation think of all the factors
that make you more likely to die from
coronavirus it turns out that maybe
every one of these factors is really
just a signal that you don't have
vitamin D think about this
every one of the things that I'm gonna
list is highly correlated with low
vitamin D levels right being old if
you're old your vitamin D is really low
old people have it worse with the with
the Croton virus if you're overweight
your vitamin D is lower if you're black
your vitamin D or even if you have
darker melanin you know darker skin
tones your let you're less likely to be
picking up enough vitamin D and of
course the black population is getting
it the worse but they also have the
other comorbidities which are also
related to vitamin D diabetics have
vitamin D deficiency did you know that I
guessed it was true and looked it up and
it's true people who live in smoggy
cities did they get as much vitamin D
probably not because smog when Wuhan was
shut down the the terrible smog that was
there disappeared when people went back
you know when they were finally released
they were released into sunshine did
help don't know but maybe they had a
little more vitamin D than they did when
things were the worst I don't know if
short-term exposure makes that much
difference look at nursing homes do they
get much Sun no and they're old do old
people get much Sun no look at prisons
do prisoners get much Sun now now
prisoners mostly didn't have as many
medical problems but they're younger
right so prisons have a higher
african-american population so that
speaks to lower vitamin D as well as not
being outdoors what about Chinese urban
dwellers do you think there's a
correlation with vitamin D and being a
Chinese urban dweller there is there was
a study of Chinese residents of Beijing
and they have low vitamin D now I didn't
see a study of Wuhan but why would it be
different so apparently if you're
Chinese and you live in an urban
environment yellow vitamin D it could be
the smog right what about Iran the
Arabians correct me if I'm wrong but how
many of them expose their arms if you're
in Iran do you ever expose your arms or
even let's say the back your neck
depending on if you're a man or a woman
what you're wearing would and also to
Tehran is one of the most polluted
cities so you got your smog which would
affect the air maybe they're a little
more covered because of the modesty of
the traditional dress do they have low
vitamin D maybe how about well those are
the main categories now of course does
it work the other way do people that we
know have good vitamin D do they have
the least problems well you know little
babies sometimes can have be short on
vitamin D little kids but don't
everything isn't it true that every kid
gets more Sun than adults correct me if
I'm wrong I don't know any kid it
doesn't get more Sun than adults and
when they do go outside good luck
getting some sunscreen on them I mean
you can if you're going swimming or
something but if you're just running
around or going to school or you know
they're gonna they're out in recess
during during school and they're out for
lunch they're outside sometimes least in
California so kids at least where I live
kids around doors way more than adults
but they might also not have as much
vitamin D problems and then there may be
other other issues that as well right so
here's what I'd like to add to the
conversation somebody says please study
Chelsea Massachusetts well here's the
next thing I was going to say
look at any place you think is an
exception and then somebody says my god
do you solve this damn thing
maybe yeah let me ask you this obviously
it would be ridiculously unlikely
ridiculously unlikely if this was the
answer and that you know we came up with
it right here
that would be ridiculously unlikely but
is it impossible is it impossible I
don't know not impossible
by the way Christina my lovely beautiful
and talented fiancee was helping me with
this theory who may in fact be watching
Christina are you watching if you are
I'm gonna see you soon with a record
player you'll know what that means and
so so Christina and I were talking
tonight and we started putting together
this series of coincidences and I and
the ones who were weird is I would say
for example all right one of the risk
groups is diabetics what are the odds
that if I google diabetics that it will
say they have a vitamin D deficiency
Google diabetics the vitamin D
deficiency Google african-american
vitamin D deficiency yes Google
overweight vitamin listen yeah and
everything I could think of every time I
can think of it I'm seeing somebody say
that dr. Shiva has been on it on this
for two months this is an important
distinction I'm not suggesting that I've
seen evidence that it works as a
treatment right but if you already had
good vitamin D levels would it help you
not get into as much trouble in other
words would it be a an early
intervention because you already had
vitamin D there doesn't seem to be
strong evidence that if you administer
it when somebody's already in bad shape
I think there's some mixed
mixed evidence on that it could work sir
mix now correct me if I'm wrong I think
dr. Shiva is talking about using it as a
treatment can somebody confirm that
which is not what I'm talking about so
so this is really important distinction
if you miss this you're missing the
whole magic the magic is not that it
might be a good treatment I don't know
anything about that
and that's what's mostly been talked
about all I'm adding is the correlation
which is ah since my imagination or is
every single situation where it's a
problem also low low vitamin D take New
York City if you ever been to New York
City have you ever walked around in New
York City do you need sunglasses one of
the most freaky things about New York
City when I go there every year to I go
into New York City spent some time there
for business and often I'll have some
downtime to walk someplace and I go to
take my sunglasses because in California
you can't leave the house without
sunglasses you can't you can't leave the
house on a winter day a cloudy day you
would not want to drive your car on any
daytime in California without sunglasses
because it's just so darn bright out
here in New York City even with my light
blue eyes where I'd need sunglasses all
the time even me I don't need sunglasses
in New York City because everything is
diffused the the buildings are blocking
everything and you're you're just not
Sun that much anyway so I wouldn't say
for sure that New York City has low
vitamin D but when you when you find the
places that are the exceptions because
it you know they might they might not
have any vitamin D problems I don't know
but if you find an exception there's
usually also a reason for the exception
in other words you know New York City is
super dense they get elevators if they
have everything that's wrong if you're
trying to stop a virus so maybe it's
just the exception because it's got
everything wrong with it
the virus twice so let me ask you the
question how many of you believe based
on these coincidences and remember this
if this would be confirmation bias
what about Italy Italy is unusually old
the average age in Italy is quite old
and it also got into some you know I
think nursing homes and stuff over there
so if you factor in the age they would
have low vitamin D and I think somebody
said that Spain the that the elderly in
Italy and Spain don't like to go out so
much I don't know if that's true but
somebody said it on Twitter so it is
it's the right question to ask for the
exceptions but I think you're gonna
often find the reason for the exceptions
so what do you think what do you think
doctor Shiva's saying it should be a
regimen not to cure well that seems safe
to say wouldn't you say I mean it feels
like vitamin D is so well-established as
good for your immune system I don't know
the specifics of you know what exactly
you would administer but how could that
be wrong I mean I don't see how a Shiva
could be wrong about vitamin D being at
least helpful I mean that feels safe
right yeah at least not a risk/reward
basis because it's not gonna it's not
likely to hurt you
most carrier sailors never go topside
interesting somebody's saying that the
aircraft carrier could be a situation
where nobody goes topside yeah I was
also wondering about cruise ships but I
think I think these are cases where
there might be an air circulation issue
you know small quarters everything's
public but also on cruise ships you do
spend a lot of time below deck but I
always think and also cruise ships are
older so you've got the age thing and
the comorbidities and frankly the people
who decide to go on cruises are not the
active people you know the most active
people
are not gonna say let's sit on a boat
for two weeks it tends to be the the
less active people like that it's been
my observation all right I believe I
have in Japan the elders kept a home and
they had low deaths yeah you also have
the issue of masks being generally
available and more acceptable in some
places so that's cool
don't men have more vitamin D good
question good questions I will Google
that so so men are dying at a higher
rate and so the theory would say all
things being equal but are bad just less
healthy in general we have a we have a
lower lower life expectancy C man versus
we have been somebody Google this for me
so I can only do it once if I miss it
men versus women vitamin D deficiency
I'm into you let's see what the top subs
are in both men and women vitamin D is
consistently lower in men irrespective
of obesity so this is some study it's
just the top result so let's see if the
other results say that women may respond
different for been to vitamin D
supplementation vitami status of gender
differences
we're significantly reduced in both men
however compared to women all right so
there's our vitamin D levels the same
for men and women
all right here's that's this is the
exact question let's see what they say
what there's a research show so they got
a bunch of participants give me the
answer they found that the vitamin D
levels were significantly higher in
males than females across all BMI groups
with the trend toward a higher
percentage in females with vitamin D so
more women with vitamin D deficiencies
that is but what was the other study the
other said he was the opposite
all right well somebody else look at
that I'm seeing that somebody says men
have less so I got I got a opposite
answers on there from two different
sites somebody says women are higher all
right well look into that so that would
be that was actually a really good
addition
somebody says higher testosterone
suppresses the immune system is that
true higher testosterone depresses the
immune system I don't know that that's
true I know how your testosterone is bad
for stopping cancer because cancer likes
the testosterone right but it's not the
same as saying because I would think no
I would think that testosterone would
help your immune system if you're a man
but I don't know okay your levels
checked before you used to take your
vitamin D yes so there's apparently
there's some places you can go to I do a
mail-in test I think yeah then there's a
question of whether men and women need
the need the same amount so even if you
could imagine for example that one would
have more but maybe that isn't enough
because they need even more than that so
yeah you can't just I guess it wouldn't
be fair to simply compare them apples to
apples because men and women might use
it differently and that was actually
indicated in the search all right don't
lose your high before your fiance gets
there that's an excellent advice thank
you for that you men are willing to die
you
you missed the the Flynn comments those
were first more men do dangerous outdoor
jobs than women are well so would men be
getting more Sun because they do outdoor
work I don't know maybe you know it'd be
interesting to find out if gardeners are
getting go to get in covent and dying
from it have you learned any gardeners
or landscapers people who literally work
outside every day have you heard any of
that I'm getting it here's the other
thing you haven't heard
you've heard that meatpacking plants
have had problems right their indoor
facilities have you heard that any farms
with with let's say immigrant workers
have you heard that any of them are hey
Christina you're here have I told you
lately that you're the most beautiful
woman in the multiverse you know if
those of you home if you're
complimenting your partner don't make
the mistake of limiting it to the city
as in I love you more than anyone in the
city
don't go state don't go continent
don't go planet don't go universe you
got to go multiverse otherwise otherwise
you don't mean it
[Music]
what's your beef situation how are you
on beef well I still don't eat beef so
I'm not caring about it too much
I hear there's a little bit of a
shortage but I haven't seen it in
practice can you hypnotize us so we feel
rested when we wake up in the morning
yes I can indeed all of you are going to
have a terrific night of sleep tonight
yes you will it's going to be one of the
best nights of sleep in your whole life
it will be an epic night you might dream
you might not you might remember 8:00
you might not but there'll be pleasant
dreams and when you wake up you're gonna
have a little
a little a little bit that get up in
your step you're gonna feel a little
extra good in the morning you're gonna
think about general Flynn being
exonerated how good that feels you're
gonna realize that this coronavirus
thing is now completely understood now
that we figured out this vitamin D thing
Thank You Kristina and you will have a
relaxing deep enjoyable sleep and I will
see you in the morning