well what a show it's going to be
today again I wish I were you so that I
could watch me but I guess I'll just
have to be me
today well let's make sure I can see the
comments from my locals
subscribers yes I
can well today could be
amazing or something different I don't
know know anything could happen
today Anything Could
Happen good morning everybody and
welcome to the highlight of human
civilization it's called coffee with
Scott Adams and there's never been a
better time in your whole life but if
you'd like to take this up to levels
that you can't even understand with your
tiny shiny human brain all you need is a
CER muger glass a tanker cheler Stein a
canteen joger flask a vessel of any kind
fill it with your favorite liquid like
coffee and join me now for the
unparallel pleasure it's the dopamine
hit of the day the thing that makes
everything better it's called the
simultaneous Sip and it
happens just about now
go oh what's happening to my
muscles oh they seem to be
growing first story lightly roasted
coffee benefits for overweight
individuals can lower your body fat and
increase your muscle mass that must be
what I'm feeling I feel my muscle mass
increasing do you feel that too
probably yeah is there anything that
coffee can't
do I have not discovered it yet if you
were attacked by a Venezuelan gang and
you had a hot cup of coffee you could
use it as a
weapon if you didn't want to use it as a
weapon and it cooled too much you could
take a sip it would increase your
muscles decrease your muscle mass or
your weight you could run faster you
could fight
harder coffee there's nothing it can
do happy labor
day or as I say the day off for lazy
podcasters if you're a lazy podcaster
enjoy your time in bed
today no I'm working you know why I'm
working it's called Labor Day it's not
called day off
day they called it Labor Day for
goodness sakes don't get it
backwards well um I was suspecting I
might have a surprise guest today but
there's a little uncertainty about that
so if that happens I'll let you know but
there is one thing happening that I'm
pretty certain about and I'm pretty
excited
about if you're listening to this video
you cannot see me holding up the dilber
2025 calendar which is available today
but only at the link you can find at
dilbert.com you won't be able to get it
on Amazon you won't be able to get it
anywhere else and there's a reason for
that would you like to see it it's a
2025 calendar we have to skip a year
because you know things came up but
we're back by popular demand
and this time so here's the here's the
thing in order to make the calendar in
America so this is the first time it's
americanmade for literally decades
people have been writing to me and
saying you know I love your calendar but
I don't like that it's printed in China
I didn't like that either so one of the
benefits of being a free agent is I can
say what would it take to not make it in
China here's the answer it's really
expensive to not do it in
China but I could compensate for that in
two
ways uh number one get rid of the
traditional publisher so I get rid of
the whole publisher cut number two get
rid of Amazon so if Amazon is in it
they're going to take a bunch if you add
together the Publishers cut and Amazon's
cut do you know how much that is of the
retail price it could be around 90% of
the retail price price that's that's
before shipping so so I got rid of the
traditional publisher and I got rid of
Amazon so the only place you can get it
is a link that you will see at
dilbert.com and it takes you to a a
purchase page but because shipping is
way too high these days you all know
that right shipping is crazy for
everything I'm going to give you twice
the comics this time so on the front
will be the traditional dilber comic
like you're you're used to do things
that have been published before but now
are in comic form but watch this here's
something you've never seen before ah on
the back of every page is Dilbert reborn
Dilbert reborn is the comics that have
only been published after
cancellation and they're the spicy ones
the edgy ones if your co-workers are
kind of prickly and maybe a little bit
of carinish you don't want to take this
to work or if you do make sure they only
see the top don't let them turn it over
and see the the edgy ones you might want
to use this in your home office so let
me make a pitch for it if you want to
lower your lower your shipping
costs uh get more than
one it's not exactly you know
proportional but it'll uh greatly lower
your cost if you're buying them as gifts
and if you pre-order them now uh they
don't get made until later the pre-order
will allow me not to lose a tremendous
amount of money in case nobody buys
it so because I got rid of a publisher
the publisher acts like a bank so
they're the ones that take the financial
risk for the author but since I got rid
of the publisher I'm taking the
financial risk myself so if you
pre-order it it makes a big difference
to me so that's that's my pitch if you
want to help me out if you like to see
the calendar next year pre-order that
makes all the difference I'll tell you
more about it and how uh I'll give you a
little bit more about how to Make It in
America because that's kind of fun uh
there's a little bit of a background to
that I'll show you literally how it's
made but enough on
that uh the media is having a fun time
trying to explain why Republicans keep
suggesting that people should have kids
uh the guardian uh they've got a article
here opinion say says the rights
obsession with childless women isn't
just ideology it's essential to the
capitalist
machine what they're saying that the
reason that Republicans won't have more
children is just that it's necessary for
capitalism okay that's true it's also
necessary to
survive it's also necessary to defend
your country against foreign
Invaders In fact having children is
necessary for literally
everything literally everything uh but
yes capitalism would be one of those
things it's on the list Fortune which
used to be a publication but now it's
God knows what it is now uh says this
this is also a headline Elon Musk and
others urging people to have more kids
are essentially calling for a Ponzi
scheme experts say a Ponzi scheme
is having children a Ponzi
scheme yeah it totally is it's totally a
Ponzi scheme but it's one you need if
you want to survive hey look it looks
like my guest is here I'm going to
accept my guest and then I'll introduce
him if I can actually get him to come on
here let's check our
technology oh that didn't work okay I
accepted a guest but then my guest
disappeared okay we'll see uh we'll see
if that works again hey there you are
maybe it's working uh I think we're in
how are you doing Scott I'm doing great
Jason if you don't recognize Jason that
means you haven't seen the all-in Pod
the number one podcast in the whole
world is that still true number one well
you know I I I have a a CO a pers uian
coach and if you say something on repeat
people believe it so I've been saying
we're the number one Tech podcast for a
while and then I added business and now
I added politics and so I joke I'm
manifesting but did we do the
simultaneous hip yet did I miss it well
we could do another one I I think okay
well all you need is a cup or a jug or a
flask a vessel of any kind yeah you're
going that's that's roughly it yes
roughly it uh well I'm a big fan you
feel
stronger do do you feel your muscles
increasing with the with the coffee I do
I do and you know I'm um there was a
study today I don't know if you saw this
but uh maybe you can guess the
percentage of people who believe that if
you read a study about coffee uh you're
going to lean towards the ones that make
it better it's roughly maybe in the
comments they'll tell us what percentage
that is you know this might be my
imagination but as you sip your coffee
you look to be better
looking possibly healthier
you look a little younger yourself
actually let's try one more
time ah good stuff man it's the good
stuff I feel younger I feel
young so so I wanted to have you on
because I wanted to see where you're at
with this presidential stuff have have
you picked a winner yet do you do you
like anybody for the president I I'm
still a bit of a double hater uh I I
hate to tell folks that um I'm a
moderate um I'm
I would say a left leaning moderate I'm
I'm very left on social issues I think
people should be allowed to do whatever
they do and I'm kind of conservative on
fiscal issues so I guess I would be
described best as like a Clinton
Democrat um is what people tell me but
on the Pod I kind of get pushed a little
left because a couple of my friends are
very right as you know like keyote at
the D at the RNC right so you know if I
ask you know some probing questions
people kind of assume I'm left but I'm
here on my Force Ranch and Texas I left
California and uh you know I was just
shooting my my uh pistol the other day
here and people are very like are you
left or right I'm so confused well well
now you having such an influential
podcast you realize that the Spider-Man
problem is is upon you you with great
power comes great
responsibility and I and I feel that it
might be time for you to come off the
fence and say you know what yeah we all
have to choose we all have to choose and
now you're going to you're going to
hypnotize me um I I did promise that I
would hypnotize you to support Trump
well no you know I um I really
appreciate what you do I found I I I
have like a two Scott Adams eras you
know I'm part of the it generation I was
an IT guy in the early 90s and so we
grew up on Dilbert uh and you know some
of my friends and we we kind of have
Dilbert rules or you know it's in our
industry it's a big part of the culture
um and then during covid um Orly before
covid I think you had my friend Nal on
from angelist and I was like what is
this thing that Scott Adams is doing on
Periscope and I started watching it um
and then I saw what you're doing on
locals and I subscribed because I I
study media and I think what you've done
here is like very interesting for the
audience and the community you've built
and I kind of feel like you're becoming
you ever see The Truman Show or the
documentary we live in public right I
feel like we're all witnessing your
third Act of like this is the this is
the Scott Adams Truman Show you're
putting yourself under a microscope for
four hours a day and speaking for three
or four hours a day like it's a bit it's
a bit spicy it's also ironic because you
may know I had the RFK junor voice
problem for several years I literally
couldn't speak yeah and now now my the
irony is that it's all I do it's my job
this week uh it's really interesting RFK
because when we had this week pod and I
know you you listen to the Pod once in a
while um we had um Hoffman scheduled and
then at the last minute RFK dropped out
of the race and and we had had him on
before any other podcast and I think we
were maybe the second to have vve on um
and he was very complimentary of us and
told everybody it really helped him kick
it off so we said hey you know now that
his campaign's ending maybe come back on
and we had them on at the same time and
people were like you guys keep
interrupting men but you let RFK speak
um and I realize now in talking to you
you kind of have to let RFK speak
because because he's got this condition
with his voice you're leaning in I mean
not Hoffman level leaning in but you
know like regular level of leaning in I
saw I saw your man cave on that don't
don't get too close to the camera folks
and and you put it up a little bit yeah
um but he was you know you it's actually
kind of a gift when you speak that way
and if I were to slow my voice down
right now and lower it to
50% everybody in the comments now has
doubled their attention and I think with
him you kind of triple your attention
because you're like I I feel so bad that
he's got this condition and he's very
smart clearly and he's kind ofer I
really need to listen to this and so I
do think I don't interrupt him or move
the conversation on because of that the
condition you want to make sure you give
the guy the benefit of the doubt that he
can get his point across I I think
there's another thing going on which is
if you're willing to listen to him it
better be good in other words he can't
be just another guy talking about
politics because that's everybody but he
is way more interesting and provocative
and makes your brain go what so the the
investment is worth it and then if if
you if you pay for something like with
your attention and then you get of value
that that's so sticky that's that's like
persuasion and turbo right there
absolutely yeah and if it was just
another politician you know reading
whatever talking points you'd be like
well this is kind of a waste for time
it's painful and I've heard this before
there's nothing unique here I'm trying
to figure out who writes his stuff does
he write it himself and he's got that
Kennedy magic because I mean it sounds
like right it came out of that magic
Kenedy stream I'm I'm Irish Catholic and
when and I when I sat around my
grandmother got rest our souls table
with my with my grandfather in Brooklyn
they had uh
Jesus Bobby kenned and John Kennedy on
the wall that was the order in which
like you know you thought about the the
world as a framing and an Irish people
stay up late into the night we might
have a libation uh in a vessel of any
kind and we talk and we make people
laugh and and I'm also Greek and I grew
up in the restaurant business and so my
superpowers talking and you know I think
he's got that superpower Irish people
will sit there and they'll aate they'll
tell stories they'll you know try to
make each other laugh to try to make
each other think and I think that's like
the Kennedy superpower in a way you know
and you were on this early
Trump's a insult comic you know audience
work comic at his core and I grew up in
New York so I kind of watched it in
person so my view of trump is the ' 80s
and 90s early 2000s Trump before
Apprentice which I would put as the
Howard Stern New York Post Trump and he
learned this technique from Howard Stern
he was obsessed with Stern and stern was
the peak Communicator in that period as
you probably remember even being in
California and he would go on that show
and there's a key
moment um where he
said there's and it's in the movie where
the the produ the the the the guy who's
working at NBC who has to deal with
Howard Stern is like Howard uh why are
they listening to him and they say oh
well his fans are listening for 74
minutes and they're like 74 minutes in
the morning commute that's longer than
people's commute what's why are they
listening and they said they want to see
what he says next he okay tell me about
the haters tell me about the people who
absolutely hate him and they're like
yeah they listen for 92 minutes he's
like loses his mind what why do the
people hate him listen to him for 20
minutes number one reason given they
want to see what he's going to say next
you know this is one of the things I say
about Trump is that he brought a a
talent stack to the job that we haven't
seen before and people sort of dismiss
oh he's like this TV actor BS guy you
know like that isn't vital to being a
politician I mean it's the most powerful
thing he has and it got dismissed early
on as the not important part yeah I I I
do wonder if like sometimes what your
greatest skill is is also you know like
an any superhero movie uh your greatest
weakness at times and I I think he's
going to lose I'm sorry to the I know
mag's going to lose their minds right
now I think he's heading towards a loss
right now um BEC and I'm curious what
you think um I think he needs to be
Trump 2.0 or what people were calling um
Allin Trump I don't know if you saw him
when he was on our pod but I think he
matches uh and you know I was a
Psychology major by the way it's one of
the reasons I have an affinity for what
you do um I think you know the concept
of pacing you know uh and so he will
Pace with whoever he's with and then he
mirrors them and you obviously know
about mirror neurons and I'm sure the
some percentage of the audience know so
when he was on our pod and I start
talking to him I was getting hypnotized
by him you can see it I'm I'm going and
I I couldn't understand why chamath I
mean and even saxs I couldn't understand
why these guys flipped to Trump they
were never trumpers you can listen to
the early episodes of the Pod they were
like sax was like January 6 is
disqualifying he can never be president
he's not my preferred candidate and saxs
tried on the santis
RFK be and then Trump like I he
literally I think held fundraisers for
each of those I know he did D santis and
I know he did RFK so you know you had
you know saaks doing and I get it now
you know he will Pace with you he'll
mirror you and I was like I have two
questions I need to I have like two or
three questions I need to get in there
now I'm only 25% of the Pod even if I'm
although I'm the executive producer for
life and
moderator I still can't monopolize it so
I like how do I use my questions and my
strategy was I I'm going to wear a suit
I'm gonna wear a tie damn it and I'm GNA
mirror
him and so I went in and I said I'm
going to mirror Mr Trump and I oh
president Trump I apologize so it's some
point on the pot I called him Mr Trump
and I said I'm sorry president Trump I
made the mistake on purpose because I
wanted to connect and I wanted him to
answer my question about abortion and I
wanted him to answer my question about
January 6th I didn't get to January 6
but I did get the abortion one and that
one went viral and is now the canonical
answer when people say isn't Trump for a
national ban and I and I made him I I
three times I went back to him so the
the way to handle Trump in an interview
is to pay him respect him and then he
will not answer your question on the
first two tries but he will on the third
he's he's cognizant enough of the
dynamic in an interview that he knows
this is what a genius he is on a media
and communication basis he knows this
person's been respectful to me they're
asking for the third time I got to give
him something I gotta give him something
he's an Entertainer he's got to give me
something and I did it to him twice I
got him to abortion and I got him to
answer about uh green cards now it seems
to me that he's always been forthcoming
about his opinion though you felt you
have to drag it out of him uh yeah so
it's more nuanced um it's a great
question
he will take your
question answer a little bit of it he
will then do crowd work he will then
pick a tangent to go on again back to
Howard Stern what will he say next so he
will specifically give you a little
taste of an answer and then you know
kind of go
Hannibal Lector crowd size you know
getting shot whatever and by the way
that was an incredible move on your part
to do the live stream I found out about
Trump being shot on my pelaton treadmill
through a locals notification and uh and
a YouTube notification putting that
aside he will Meander uh and he'll go
for three or four minutes so the problem
is when he goes into a hostile
environment the huge mistake the woman
at the black jour jist conference made
CNN has made is they try to fact check
him in real time and attack him you said
this you said that it's like he says
everything he says every permutation of
an answer you could find an answer that
agrees with you in a trump speech you
could find the two minutes later the one
that disagrees with you all that matters
is are you listening the Howard Stern
lesson right he doesn't care what the
position is he cares you're paying
attention to him no no that's that's not
what I see now you're you're you're
aware of the you know the two movies on
one screen of course Ron would be the
you you explain it to people that we all
see a different movie but I know that
you know this is Aira kurasawa and the
movie rashan where there's a a sexual
assault that occurs and everybody tells
the story from three different positions
but right you dumb it down for your
audience right so what one of the things
I've noticed is that the smartest most
reasonable people are starting to move
toward Trump I mean it seems very clear
you know people under your pod for
example now so so the question that I
have is what would be the biggest issue
that would prevent you from saying you
know what Trump should be the better
choice this time he might be he might
actually be the better choice I you
what's your but what's your top one or
two things that are preventing you from
saying that yeah sure um I think
Character Matters um and and I think uh
there I have some character issues with
him uh I believe like uh January 6th was
I know you have said it's a hoax and
we'll talk about your use of the word
hoax very very very clever because you
say January 6 Insurrection hoax hoax by
the 50th time you actually get people to
believe it's a hoax even though they've
seen police officers beaten even though
the oathkeepers brought all those guns
to the hotels near it but you havein
it's a host hold on let's let's talk
about January 6 I have some questions
for you go ahead what percentage of the
protesters were violent do you think I
would say there were I believe there
were low thousands I've seen reports of
2500 to 10,000 so let's just call it
5,000 we'll pick a number you
believe of the 5,000 I would say
um according to the number of people
who've been it's basically 800 to 1,200
people who have been indicted Andor you
know not for violence though not for
violence right there's vandalism in
there too so I would say it's low
hundreds probably 200 maybe of that 800
you think hundreds of people were
violent yeah I would say it's probably
yeah low low hundreds and I would
include in violence like spraying bear
spray um I don't know breaking through a
barricade would you agree that breaking
a barricade would be violent or Would we
not count that is it only violence
towards another human
uh well if you're talking about the
fencing there's some ambiguity about who
exactly was removing the the barricades
in that case both there are people who
removed the barricades and there are
barricades that have torn down so it's
both yeah little sorry to be sorry to be
nuanced Scott but the truth is I would
say 90 High 90% were
peaceful uh and I I put it into three
bucks so so high 90s peaceful another
group were opportunistically violent and
some were planned violence right God now
I've heard that the number was as high
as 20,000 is 5,000 the number you've
heard I I was literally on the Wikipedia
page the other day and they said you
know something like three or four
thousand people entered the capital so
now we have another Nuance there's
entered the capital and who were outside
but I think we would both agree that the
overwhelming were peaceful yeah so I I
think let's say 20,000 were involved but
didn't enter okay uh I think somewhere
in the neighborhood of 1% were uh people
that we would both say you shouldn't
have done that you should go to jail if
you did that would you agree I would
agree that beating a cop or spraying
pepper on them they should not have done
that I mean you're a you're you're a
normal human being on planet Earth so I
think we
can so so the beatings and the violence
are sort of the shiny object that is
hard for us to look away but it would it
be fair to say that uh let's say black
lives matter or even the Palestinian
protesters would you judge them by the
few who are violent or by the 98% or 90%
who had a completely different intention
I I would judge each group
individually right so which group do you
think more is associated with Trump's
point of view the the peaceful ones
because he did ask for peace or do you
think that the violent ones were doing
what he wanted them to do yeah I believe
Trump is an expert at going right to the
line and then pulling back so you know
he does it with race he does it with
gender he does it with violence he does
it with crimes you know it would and
it's just like you know I think Michael
Cohen who listen I mean obviously he's
he's he's as much part of uh like you
know the criminal element as anybody
else but you know he explained it like a
Mafia Boss would be like heyd be
terrible if something happened or it'd
be good if that went away if you watch
The Sopranos the boss never says kill
that guy said you know that guy got
that guy's got a go is how you would
phrase it right but let me ask you
specifically do you think Trump was in
favor of was he happy with any violence
that happened well that's what I wanted
to ask him actually because what I
wanted to ask him was will you con are
stop it what you're mirring me put your
hand
down Scott's like wait a second oh did I
wear glasses
today good try good try I know it's like
it's literally like two Jedi Knights
trying
to get inside each other's brains but no
I think it's a good question um the re I
think that Trump do I think Trump wanted
them to hang Mike Pence no do I think
Trump wanted them to go down there and
cause chaos um and do I think he has a
higher responsibility as a president of
the United States to not go near that
line yes do I think let me hold on that
sense do you think he has a higher do
you think he has a higher moral
obligation as president
that a normal person hire moral
obligation to avoid um danger to avoid
knowing his words could be misconstrued
by the small percentage of his audience
who are very activated do you think he
has a higher just like you do terms
great power has great responsibility you
just told me before great power has
great responsibility do you think that
applies to Trump yeah he has a greater
responsibility but not greater moral
Authority because none of us should be
in favor of violence yeah it's pretty
obvious right so would you have said
that would you have said on J would you
have said on January 6 you got a fight
like hell if that you had been the
warm-up speaker would you tell them go
down there and fight like
hell um I might if I had thought in
terms of protest was fight like hell if
my mental model was we're really going
to to fight against this that's what
everybody says in politics so if you if
they had not been violent nobody would
have ever noticed he said that because
politicians say it all the time
so but let me ask this a specific
question sure of the of the 98% who were
nonviolent what do you think they were
trying to accomplish what what was their
goal and what was Trump's goal it's
stated so we know what it was what I
would take people at their word um they
wanted Mike Pence I think a portion of
them wanted Mike Pence to not certify
the election they wanted to push that
out and not certify the election why but
why because they felt that it was stolen
from them was the state reason now they
wanted actually even had a really good
SL stop deal right now so the frame on
this that I think uh affects everybody
is if you start with the idea that they
were trying to protect the public and
protect the Republic by making sure that
the election had not been stolen which
is what it looked like to all of them
and still does by the way they haven't
changed their mind that it looked like
it was stolen now I would agree that no
court has demonstrated anything was
stolen so we don't have that you always
give that disclaimer yeah yeah we we you
need to say that because that's just the
fact and then right after that you say
all systems can be hacked so obviously
you know I'm not saying it's stolen but
would you agree that all systems can be
hacked but but let me let me just drill
down in the system if you knew that
their intentions both trumps and the
peaceful people at least was to make
sure that the Republic was
protected but things went wrong how do
you feel about that yeah so that's
interes framing if that was the case uh
then Trump I would I would have great
respect for Trump and yourself to come
out and say what happened that day was
abhorent it should never Happ say that
we all say that he says they're Heroes
and he says they're Heroes and he will
not the violent ones not the violent
ones but he says the the people who are
there were Heroes and that he will he
doesn't do the nuance and he understands
what he's doing remember I said he's
like a mob boss so he understands the
nuance and what he's doing he's he's dog
whistling to the people who will not
separate and have Nuance like we're
having here today so this is where I
think he needs to be more hold on be
specific what would be to his advantage
to be backing anybody who was violent
how how would that be his advantage
that's that's absolutely not his
advantage and he would know that um no I
think it actually the the threat of
violence is a huge advantage to him um I
think having a passionate base is why he
wins the primaries having that
incredibly passionate base that will go
to war for him he says
hold on when you say passion passion's
okay passion's okay and then when he
says oathkeepers you know hey stand by
like he kind of knows what he's doing
here that's a group of people who are ex
military the oathkeepers proud boys and
the three presenters we'll put them all
in the group of the only ones proud boys
are the only ones he said that about you
right but you can put in this group
proud boys oathkeepers and three
percenters are all part of a group of
militias military individuals who are
very passionate and who will bring large
caches of guns to the city where Trump
tells them to because they did and so
this is where Trump could be nuanced and
I think he would win the election if he
took my advice here so if you'll give me
permission to give you the strategy to
win the same way you have taught Trump
how to win I will tell you how Trump can
win right now he's got a large group of
moderates who are absolutely disgusted
by what happened on January 6th and then
he's got folks like you or David Sachs
diminishing what happened there and
you're trying to diminish it right here
in this conversation with me hold on no
that's that that that's mind reading
that's mind reading I will say I feel my
interpretation as a moderate and I and
when I talk to moderates they feel what
you're doing is trying to diminish it
that's how we interpret what you're
doing so now take that for what it is we
could be wrong that's how we interpret
it got it we interpret that Sachs is
taking an an episode where police and I
come from a family of law enforcement
when a family in law enforcement or the
military or people who believe in Law
and Order which is the majority of the
country see you guys diminishing or we
believe you're diminishing what happened
that day we say you know what we believe
this could happen again because you
won't even take any amount of ownership
of it and Trump certainly won't take
ownership of it if Trump came out and he
said listen I want to talk about January
6th and he did what he's doing on
abortion right now which is a master
class a master class uh in terms of
working both sides he could work both
sides of the January 6 issue all he's
got to do is say listen given a lot of
thought to 6 I know some of you have a
problem with it I want to address it
today number one what those violent
people did they should get the books
thrown at them number two the people who
weren't violent we should give them a
speeding ticket and let them out but I
am promising you now none of this will
ever happen again and when I told people
hey you know to go down there and fight
like hell I understand some people
misinterpreted that and I am now in my
playbook going to be really careful
about the fact and be really thoughtful
about the fact that there are some
people who are either mentally ill or so
angry about politics that they might
actually do something you know abhorent
and I just want to assure everybody
everybody all Americans that this will
never happen again on my watch and I'm
not taking ownership of it people are
responsible for their individual
Behavior but we're moving to a strictly
nonviolent everybody's gonna sing
Kumbaya bring your guitars and we're g
to do sit-ins like the 60s I don't want
to ever hear violence again and if he
said something that and if you said
something like that and you stopped
calling January 6 a hoax you would
actually win the who are going to
determine the election the same way
Trump is almost winning women who are
now believing him when he says you know
yeah let let let me say where so do you
want to win or do you want to be
persuasive and and Pander to youra
audience is what you have to ask
yourself Scott interesting the the thing
I'm diminishing is the hoax part not the
violence but your point is well taken so
let me let me do what you said good uh I
usually say nobody is in favor of the
violence we all agree on that so I
always dismiss it as the thing that
we're all agreed on so we don't need to
talk about it yeah but if it would be
better for people were listening to feel
what the you know the inner feelings are
uh it was 100% unproductive to be
violent there was no way it could have
led to anything good it was nothing but
destruction and Chaos yeah so I would be
100% against any kind of violence
against the capital or anybody who's
working officially in any way
and they absolutely should be in jail
now that happens to be the opinion of
pretty much every Republican but you're
right we don't say it now the Reas the
reason we don't say it is we don't want
to feed into the
hoax you know you don't want to say
something that could be taken out of
context it's like well even Adam says it
was an Insurrection look at him here's
this clip so but but your point is well
taken that uh I believe that I would
agree with you that if Trump was
explicitly clear that the vi in Parts
could never happen again yeah and that
he maybe he wishes he had said it
differently uh that would make a
difference well and look at the comments
here if you look at the comments
everybody's saying I have TDS right and
so this is the insult this is also where
like I think the right is going to lose
the election when you diminish
thoughtful people and just tell them
they have TDS and that they're not
actually thinking this through you shut
down the argument now it could be true
that people have TDS they
and it could be true that Trump people
have Camala or Biden or Democratic you
know derangement syndrome but you know
this these discussions that we've gotten
to now abortion in January 6 and the
Border are very nuanced actually and if
you can and that's what I try to do on
all in pod and I think it's the reason
why it's the number one podcast in the
world is because it's opened up this
opportunity for nuance now sometimes we
get into it but Nuance is important and
if you look at abortion and you parallel
my what he did with abortion he
bragged he he told everybody
evangelicals who needed to win that
first nomination I'm going to stack two
or three people on the Supreme Court and
I'm going to overturn Rie wait for you
he told them that then he did
it then he bragged about it I did it for
you nobody could ever do it it's a
beautiful thing then a year later after
literally
bragging I alone did that I take
ownership of it and was a beautiful
thing he said you know what this week he
said I think six weeks is a little too
short we probably want to get that a
number up a little bit we want women to
have a little more Choice don't we and
by the way IVF is a beautiful thing I
think I should pay for IVF IVF is like
one of the most expensive procedures in
the world I have a friend who spent a
quarter million dollars to have two kids
and like you know a half dozen
miscarriages it is unbelievably
torturous for a couple to go through it
and unbelievably
expensive look at what he did there he's
able to at the same time take ownership
of overturning roie way which 80% of the
country did not want and then he's not
losing any mag of votes by saying you
know
what we're bailing out he he at least
people are saying that they're that he
lost their vote I'm not sure I believe
it right you think they're gonna go
click Kamala really the people you think
for a minute the person who is pro life
who wants a National Abortion B is going
to vote for a black woman who's a
socialist not
happen I I think uh that's his genius I
I think this that Trump could take it to
a level that is incredible if he frames
it as getting him out of the
conversation so he he took himself out
of the conversation of abortion and the
the response is would do you want me to
make your personal healthc care choices
I just took the federal government
completely out of it women are the
majority in every state and and you've
already got half the men on your side
all you need is to convince the women
and you can have any government you want
that's how our system works it is the
ultimate gaslighting it is a gaslighting
is gaslighting level 1,000 it is the
most what's the gas lighting the gas
lighting is to
say I alone I will I will do you know
how hard it is to change the Supreme
Court the Supreme Court as you've talked
about on this very program wouldn't you
agree well no that's just luck and he
just happened to be there at the right
time okay it's luck but he also luckily
picked people who had the hootspa the
wherewithal to overturn roie Wade even
most conservatives know enough in to say
including yourself let's leave that
alone it's a woman's body women have
long memories women are going to
remember this and 80% of the country
doesn't want to touch
it 90 % of politicians wouldn't go near
it he had the vision to say if I get
those lunatic evangelicals they vote in
primaries I can beat the establishment I
can beat Mitt Romney I can beat any
Republican if I get them hey that was so
genius did you just call them
lunatics what did you call them weird
did I mean I think religious people I
think religious people are a little bit
much I I'm an atheist I'm an agnostic
all right there's something there's some
higher power out there but I you know
when I see religious people like basing
their decisions on a book that was
written 2,000 years ago that's been kind
of edited to death not exactly my
operating system so I'm I'm a
non-believer but uh what I've discovered
is that the Republicans who live by code
in other words they have a set of rules
it's like okay I got my Bible I got my
Constitution I'm kind of done
like if I just if I just adhere to these
I'm going to be a good citizen pay my
taxes and my kids are going to come out
pretty well they are completely right
about that I'm a big fan of the
Constitution these days I I well let let
me go further I'm a big fan of the
religious uh people in this country even
though I don't have the exactly the same
view it's a good way to live I mean I
think the science science supports them
nice to have tradition the correlation
is actually yeah you know because
correlation and causation as you know
very well um the the correlation is
community and this is why I'm a little
worried about you Scott um uh back to
The Truman Show and what we're watching
happen to Scott Adams over the last
couple years um people need community
and Community makes you live longer and
gives you purpose right and laughing and
socializing and um I think the you know
praying in church is one thing but I
think the pie after church and going out
to the backyard and hanging out that's
actually magic sauce yeah um is the
community aspect of it and then meeting
people and having that social fabric
give you something to live for it's a
system it's a system that works yes
you're forced it's like you going to
Starbucks every day it forces you to not
just have this online community of us on
locals but you have to interact and once
in a while somebody recognizes you which
I know as a micro celebrity as well
somebody recognizes you and they say I
really appreciate
Dilbert battery gets filled right
you and I are of the exact perfect level
of Fame which is 99% of people don't
know us but one out of a hundred
recognize us and it just fills your
heart with joy when they say like I have
your calendar or I watch the all-in Pod
like I get stopped you know once or
twice that's perfect Elon gets stopped
by 100% of people so it's impossible to
have dinner now but all right but let me
bring you back to a couple Point okay
sure you want me to vote for Trump no
but but now that I've heard your
description of January 6
yeah yeah I have confidence that there's
nothing unusual about that uh
understanding that you that you
understand it factually as well as the
motivations of the people that's all I
ask yeah and and and with abortion
you're also understanding that it's
being tossed to the states and at the
moment people are not getting what they
want everywhere but over time they
should it's a better system I actually
think he might we might look back on
moving it back to the States um as the
way we resolv the issue so I I said
independent of trump at one point on the
Pod I have to go look it up we have a
new database that were index the whole
thing which we should get for you I have
a company I invested in that indexes
your entire archive and then makes a
full search AI index so I'll do it for
your archive if you want I would love
that yeah yeah because then you could
ask it a question like when did Scott
you know talk about Co for the first
time when did he talk about whatever uh
and so what would be very uh what I had
said was you know I wonder if in this
great operating system we have where we
have 50 test bets we have 50 ways of
testing things if we actually moved it
down to the test bed we could actually
get to what would be truth um and in
Europe the EU is essentially like the
United States in that way you have this
collection of states and when we
actually double clicked on it when roie
way was being overturned and saxs was
shocked by it by the way you know he he
did not want it overturned even though
he thought it was bad law he was like
don't touch that he was smart enough to
know like 80% of people don't want this
like probably don't want to uh do that
but we might look at it as like a very
brave stance in the future um and that
we get to a number of weeks that's
palatable for both sides because and
that's such an uncomfortable discussion
at what number of weeks are you willing
to kill a baby is how it's framed right
so how do you frame that part of the
discussion yeah you you've heard my take
a million times probably which is that
uh I think the people who have given
that there's no way to solve uh
abortions so everybody's happy and it's
life and death you know in both cases
the mother as well as the child so when
you've got life and death and you know
for sure you're not going to get you
know a 90% agreement your best case
scenario is that the way it's decided
looks credible to the losers the people
on the wrong side of it
and if you can get it down to the state
and it was really voters wanted Etc
that's better but even better than that
you and I should just stay the out
of it because we're
guys amen amen you've had you've had a
Ser you've had serial long-term
relationships with women you may have
learned along the way that yeah they
they might want some autonomy and to be
respected and make their own decisions
on certain issues and this would be the
like one of the ultimate ones uh in my
exper experiences like yeah so I'm with
you on that but you know this is just
this is just you on the other foot
business right if if men were the only
ones who had babies I would not listen
to any woman's opinion about it and and
I would I would give them the same
courtesy it's like figure it out you
guys figure it out and then let us know
yeah how about women deciding on
circumcision I think we can make our own
decision if circumcision was an adult
decision like if you weren't allowed to
circumcise kids under the age of 18
which actually is interesting thought
process maybe that should be the rule uh
because it is mutilation maybe men
should be able to make that decision for
themselves when they're of age I
actually just thought about that for the
first time um maybe that shouldn't be a
parental decision mutilation of
generalist no tax on tips no tax on
tips that's one
Scott that's all I got for that that's
all I got thank you for coming people
try the VL and take care of your servers
Scott will be here for 3,000 more
episodes are you exhausted from doing
this how do you do it
how do you I mean you're on time you you
do the 7 am. you do the pre-show you do
the manave you do a micro Lesson by the
way I bought micro the second I heard
you say micro lessons I was like
brilliant and I bought the domain name
microl lessons.com
$3,000 I was like somebody's making that
into a business and you can have it I'll
give it to you if you want it but I
think micr lessons is just such a
brilliant idea like it's almost like Tik
Tok before for Education it's such a
smart idea is something you can learn
while you're doing number two in the
bathroom that's sort of been my guiding
principle same duration yes yeah I mean
everybody needs you know what they say
about great art it's about constraint
um uh so yeah exactly yeah well I mean
if you think about trying to make people
laugh in three pains and set something
up um that is the ultimate constraint
right so but to answer your question um
I'm at that point in life where I only
do things that energize me so if I if I
spent even one minute doing this and not
liking it I'd make it shorter I wouldn't
do it so I only do the things that that
fill me so doing the comic now when I
don't have newspaper editors telling me
you can't do that joke is a whole
different creative process it's just so
energizing not like anything I've
experienced in the past so I'm in kind
of the ideal career situation where it's
just a just the fun part I guess well
you know um having the fu money as one
layer and then also having like being on
the back nine and knowing like there's a
certain amount of time left no FS given
and I I think like you you you know
before you got cancelled you kind of
predicted it was going to happen like
you were like I'm gonna get canceled at
some point doing this lunacy it's
inevitability I'm talking for three
hours a day I'm gonna say something
they're going to cancel me and I always
joke with my kids I have a joke with my
daughters um of like like I'm going to
get cancelled because of the pods and
when I do instead of skiing 30 or 40
days a year I'm going to ski 50 or 60
and it's going to be awesome so I'm
trying to get canceled so we do my we we
when I'm in the car we do almost canel
and I do the first part of a
sentence and then I do the second part
so I say um I think insert you know a
press group here I I think these people
I don't think they're good dot dot dot I
think they're great yeah I think they're
great and so they all like you can't say
that Dad and then I go I think they're
great we just laugh about the nature of
being but you're like I think the last
one you were the guy you got cancelled
and you pulled up the drawer Bridge
behind you last one canceled well I hope
so we'll see you know I was thinking you
if if x didn't exist yeah I would have
no second act it was entirely based on X
you know it is um you know you there a
there a joke we have internally you know
the price of free
speech what 44
billion yeah and counting and
counting you can put a price on it
actually 44 billion and you probably
can't go to France anymore you get
picked up yeah you can't go to France oh
my God or or I me so so uh let let me uh
let me see if we can uh wrap this up for
uh my my viewers oh they're having a
party in the comments by the way yeah
they're they're having I'm I'm
monitoring them they're having all kinds
of fun there all right so if you had to
pick and you had to vote yeah and your
only choices are the ones that are given
okay and you're thinking damn it this
isn't ideal for me yeah but I got to
make a
choice pull the lever what's it going to
be Jason RFK RFK of course come on
you get him for free you get him for
free I'll be I'll be completely candid I
I have been waiting to understand the
Democratic ticket right in order to make
a choice you have to understand where
everybody's coming from and part of
understanding where everybody's coming
from is seeing who uh Trump would pick
as his running mate um understanding
their positions how things have changed
how they've evolved since the first term
Etc and I'm I'm pleased with some of the
things you know I hate the insult comic
race bating part Trump but I don't
know's position I think she's a
socialist and a communist so you're if
you ask me who I could vote for a social
a communist or a lunatic I might take
the lunatic I might take chance of
Another January 6 going
worse over the Communist let me test you
this right great Trump 1.0 the 2016
Trump by his own confession didn't know
who to hire didn't have access to the
right people yeah Trump
2024 has a v a JD Vance and Elon Musk
and RFK Jr and Nicole
Shanahan and me yeah and and at least
half of your podcast the most the most
watched one in the world I hear
precisely and not for not normal that's
not normal that that's what I call the
pirate ship the people might have all
kinds of things not in common yeah but
say you know what there is a certain way
to do things right they're all systems
people yeah if you look at RFK Junior
he's not about a goal give repar
reparations you know that's sort of a
goal yeah he's like we need to change
the way we approve things the way the
the way you know our uh Regulators are
captured these are pure systems things V
pure systems guy um musk wants to look
at you know maybe reducing the
government a systems
approach he's good at it too yeah if you
% less than
Twitter me you give me a president who
can deliver that pirate ship yeah of
people who have extraordinary talents
they're system based they're pure
Patriots by the way how much lying did
you see from RFK Jr none Nicole janahan
none VI none you know I mean this is not
even common in any kind of political
itical uh experience so I think that
Trump might have if you look at the
package yeah the strong the strongest
presidency we've ever had and that's
it's an interesting framing um he has um
I like the pirate framing he does have
like The Outsiders now and he's bringing
them inside picking JD probably um a
mistake in hindsight given the hot swap
which obviously I predicted um so I have
my Scott Adam's moment where I predicted
that would happen um so you know I think
in the case of going up against Biden it
doesn't matter who the VP is he was up
10 15 20 points I mean you're up against
somebody who's in cognitive decline
clearly nobody's voting for somebody in
cognitive decline if now you know it
looks like he should have picked Nikki
Haley and gotten all those moderates and
women he would have definitely been
further ahead no no no no that
was love Nikki h no Nikki wouldn't have
worked for the base
it wouldn't work for the bass but do you
think they would have voted for Camala
and Waltz over Trump Hy no they would
have just that's a good point yeah yeah
but but they wouldn't want what they got
so there's that's the
problem I I'm going to watch the debates
then I'm going to make a decision and
I'll be public about it yeah um you know
if you when I list I listed on uh my
like eight issues that I care about um
Trump checks off more than Cala right
right now so but but but if the debate
happened and KLA made a real good
argument for communism you might go for
it of course I mean can't vote for a
communist I mean socialism and communism
I think you know the problem with
socialism is it just leads to Communism
like by default and you know like it was
the Socialist Party in Germany they
didn't called the Communist party but
you can see where it goes you know once
people start seizing people's assets
once they start limiting their speech
once they their weapons like it's a very
weird operating system here number one
Freedom number two guns I mean as I tell
people like if you don't like that
operating system you need to move
because they put them one and two for a
reason you can go further down the
Amendments and like maybe change some on
the margins you're not changing those
twoo not happening in our lifetime or
our kid so just accept it I got guns I
got a gun range on my Ranch here in
Texas my daughters know how to fire a
gun somebody hops the fence you know
good luck to you exactly like uh it's
not changing in America and so you know
the the the thing I think fredberg has
said on our pod a lot that you know is
very important to me is the last two
administrations spent like drunken
salers and at some point you got to stop
spending money um and you gotta make the
machine smaller and more efficient and
this is why as annoying and abrasive as
VC is to people um he to me would have
been the best vice president candidate I
think he just shines a little too bright
but both kamla and Trump didn't want
somebody who shines too bright in that
second position I think is the logic
that they chose their VPS with but I
think Shapiro versus VC can you imagine
Shapiro VC VP debate you'd be like why
can't these be the presidents like VC is
would go in there he said the best thing
he ever said was yeah I mean if your
birthday is an odd date you're fired if
your birthday is an even date uh you can
stay or he might have done it by
vocabulary basically we're going to
randomly cut half the people in this
organization and get this smaller that's
actually the most existential thing the
Border needs to be closed abortion needs
to be legal with some you know
constraints like we all know what has to
be done if we don't stop adding to this
debt it's existential ask look at any of
your friends yeah look at all your
friends who overspend you know you have
that friend in your family who stretches
and buys like the house on an armed
mortgage and then they get two Mercedes
and you're like but you're a teacher and
a lawyer like how do you afford this I
don't have that and then they go
bankrupt like that's our country we can
do it in my estimation we can do it for
we can do it between two and three more
times we can put eight trillion which is
what Trump and Biden did they're equally
drunken sellers there's no debate about
that you can take a partisan approach
truth is they're drunken Sailors we have
to have somebody who's sober and you
just can't win doing that and that's why
I think maybe Trump has a modest
advantage in that way because VC Elon
and a lot of folks on are on his pirate
team as you call
it they they actually understand this
issue we can do it for one or two more
terms definitely can't do it for a
third well I think that's a that's a
good summary um I got some other stuff I
need to talk to they they I will be
tuning in uh it's an honor to be here oh
and just on the the Scott Adams um uh uh
Truman Show thing uh before I left I was
going to reach out to you because I was
going to tell you listen let's get a
pickle ball game going here you need
human socialization Scott this I
understand you love talking to everybody
in the man cave I understand this is
like a great Community you just need to
have eight people over I know it's hard
because people can't get along but sax
and I get along we still have dinner we
still like great best friends and
everything we need like seven people in
the East Bay to play pickle ball with
Scott every Saturday Sunday let's get it
going folks you cannot be a loone in
that giant incredible dillbert house I
got my dog was great let's get a couple
people in there okay maybe you get on
maybe you get on Tinder you start
swiping a little bit maybe we make a
little connection there there's got to
be some divorce a you can't go for
another Instagram model you got to get a
divorce a kids are in college you know
45 55 you know a little bit older you
know no no more of these like hot
Instagram models for you Scott let's get
like a little a little bit of a you know
all right your your advice is noted I'll
change my life immediately just get a
little bit more human interaction I I'm
a huge fan and can can I just give my
dog AI I'm six months away from being
able to put a a chip on my dog's collar
she she can just talk to me uh yeah
exactly exactly I mean it does feel the
neuralink stuff is very very real you
know if you start thinking about the
exponential nature of technology which
you understand very well having uh
lampooned it for decades um that's one
thing that's very real and you know you
get one or two people using the chips
and then all of a sudden it's 1020 and
then it's a th000 2,000 and they're
they're going to figure it out and it's
going to be very interesting when you
and I are talking here and instead of
asking questions you're talking and it's
pulling up all the factchecking we were
doing like it's going to literally in
the middle of the screen will be some AI
saying January 6 there were 4722 people
according to this video camera at the
front of the building just double
checked it it's going to like literally
give us the stats here you know pretty
pretty Brave New World it's going to be
I hope we make it Scott you and I are
older if we if we make it like another
30 years the change in the next 20 or 30
years is going to make the change we saw
look completely like Stone Age like we
created fire in a wheel and then
everything from this point forward is
going to be mind-blowing yeah yeah I I
feel like I'm in this uh this weird
generation that was uh pre computers
and and and I'm also going to experience
post AI like that's the full trip right
there H it is it's I'm I'm part of the
group where I got my first PC junor as
13 years old in
1983 and yeah we were the first online
generation like we remember before
online and we remember AOL and now
you've got this whole Generations that
they know there's a whole generation
that you know doesn't remember a time
before these that's really weird really
weird all right I'll let you get the
rest of the docket thank you Jason all
right see you soon sippers okay bye
bye all right ladies and gentlemen hope
you enjoyed
that uh I got some more stuff to talk
about if you want to stay
around it's it's Labor Day you got
nothing else to do let's do this all
right a few other
things uh did you see the Mark Cuban did
a poll on X and he asked uh people who
would they prefer their
children would be more like I'm
paraphrasing but did did they want their
children to have the character in
Persona of Harris or of trump and Trump
got 75% of the
vote where was it 2third anyway Trump
trump won easily that people would
rather have their children more like
Trump and then it got funnier because
Mark uh complained that the poll might
not be uh copacetic and that there were
too many uh Anonymous people voting so
it looks
sketchy that's right Mark Cuban
complained that there wasn't voter ID
for the
poll now does it get any better than
that it does not that is just funny I
have nothing to say on
that meanwhile uh Robert
R uh according to Jonathan turle he
talking about r wants foreign
governments to censor silent American
citizens and maybe uh maybe arrest Elon
Musk so I guess R said this quote
Regulators around the world should
threaten musk with arrest if he doesn't
stop disseminating lies and hate on
X who gets to to decide what the lies
and the hate are that does he not
understand how anything about Free
Speech
works if if you get to decide what the
lie and the is I don't have free speech
well I guess that was literally true in
my case if somebody else got to decide
what was a lie and what was hate and
then I got cancelled so uh no that's a
that's a bad
idea uh there's a Reagan movie out I
think it's called
Reagan and uh would you be surprised
Isabella Maria duuc is reporting this
that the critics gave it uh 18%
so that's not very good only 18% liked
it but 98% of the audience liked
it this is so typical the audience loved
it the critics hated it it was about
Reagan is there anything else you need
to
know basically they just voted for their
politics it sounds
like um Tim Urban was commenting on uh
uh AI chess he says we're more
interested in a chess match between
Grand Masters you know human beings
than between AIS even though AI is way
better he said he's noticing the same
thing with video and art once you
realize it's made by AI you lose
interest no matter how good it
is um and you will note that uh I've
been saying this since the dawn of AI
that if you're worried about AI taking
the job of artist then you don't
understand art art is not about the art
art is about the artist it always is and
always will
because it's a mating Instinct reflex
when you see that an artist can do
something impressive in any domain is
signals that their genes are good for
mating that they got something going on
whatever it is they're funny they're
musical they're strong whatever it
is so if your AI does that it doesn't
doesn't trigger anything you go oh
computers can do things that's it
there's no reason to even look at it
after that so now I agree with Tim it's
uh I think Human Art will continue
because has that mating
connection um there's a story in the
bite who some Facebook partner a
separate company who is bragging about
their app lets your phone's microphone
listen to what you're talking about so
they can serve you
ads and uh they say that they worked
with Facebook and Amazon and Google
Amazon's denied it uh we're not so sure
about the others but didn't you all know
that you all knew that your phone
listens to you and or your other devices
too probably uh and that it serves you
ads based on what you're talking about
you all knew that
right have you yet had the experience
where it serves you an ad that you've
not talked about not searched for and
have done not a single thing that would
indicate you were interested and
something really
specific have you had that yet
I've had that a lot and I cannot figure
that out is there something I do that
suggests I would be ready to have this
very specific thing I care about but
I've never mentioned it is it a
coincidence it could be confirmation
bias right because you're thinking is
you notice it it could be just ridic
Activation so maybe you just notice it
more but boy does it feel like they
somehow know what you're thinking now I
don't think they have that technology
but imagine the large language models
they're looking for patterns if they can
build a large language model that knows
how to complete a sentence so it would
make sense in the conversation it can
predict can it also predict based on all
the other things I talk about that I
would be in the market
for a new toothbrush you know just
picking something random I think it
might I think there's a possibility that
all the other things you talk about
would somehow give it a hint of what a
specific thing you've never mentioned
you might also be interested in so it
feels like it I don't know if that's the
case anyway um Let me let me give you a
review of the Harris versus Trump
messaging at the moment so Harris has
some ads uh one of them says that Trump
vows to be a dictator on day
one do you think that Trump vowed to be
a dictator on day one as a joke did
answering a question once does it sound
serious at all to be a dictator on one
on day one no he said a dictator for one
day so he could do some things but he
didn't mean it literally as a dictator
because you don't be a dictator for one
day but she's going to act like he meant
it seriously she makes an ad where it
looks all
scary um then she also had an ad and
said to these are quotes that she's
attributing to Trump he said we should
punish women who have abortion
he did say that once because he thought
it was against the law so of course the
law would deal with people who break it
he very quickly reversed that totally
after thinking it through when people
got to him said no you can't put the
woman in jail you know she's sort of the
victim in this so he just completely
changed so it's a
lie um he did say it but it's a lie to
say that that's his
view um he said he is proud of his role
in ending row well almost what's really
true is it was he was proud of moving it
to the states so that the constitution
can do its job the way it was
designed um they say he Unleashed
extreme abortion bans across the country
well that's one way to say it another
way to say it is he took the decision
away from the federal government and
away from himself and put it closer to
the public in the States now the states
have not worked it all out yet so
definitely there's some people not
getting what they want in some states
but it's not exactly like he unleashed
the banss what he did was change how
they were
decided so why is it that Harris has to
use nonstop hoaxes to attack
Trump the reason is that they don't have
policies that work out so if if Harris
had real Clean and Clear policies that
were just better than Trump's that's all
she would talk about because people
would say well that's a better policy if
you don't have clear policies or the
policies you have are bad all you have
is hoaxes so this is a deliberate Harris
attempt to make sure that all you think
about is defending against many hoaxes
because it takes away your time from
asking what her policies
are
um so
um yeah if all you have his hoaxes
you're in bad shape did you see the uh
there's a few videos of Kell Harris
talking about her Love of Cooking
colored greens and that she makes so
many of them she wants had to wash them
in a
bathtub now I don't know exactly what
she meant by washing them in a bathtub I
like to think that she had individual
containers that she was using for
washing and they were just in the
bathtub CU there were a lot of them and
there was water splashing around I'd
like to think that she did not put them
just natively in the
bathtub cuz I would not be eating her
her house if I knew I had bathroom food
H so how long is that bathtub been
marinating in there after Doug got done
that's what I'd ask I'd say I don't want
any of those uh no colored greens please
anyway um but she picked a good Vice bre
president in Tim wals um he only has a
few people who are against him uh that
would include his brother and all the
men he served with in the
military but on the good side people who
don't know anything about him like him a
lot it's just the people who know him
who don't like
him but to be fair his son likes him and
we think the rest of the family we're
not sure about the wife but we think the
his daughter likes him as well
probably so so it's not every person who
knows him well it's just his wife shakes
hand with with him instead of hugging
him his brother says he would be the
worst person to be in charge and the men
he served with think he's a traitor or
something like that not a traitor
traitor is too strong but a uh a uh
sherker of responsibility something
along those lines but but the people who
don't know him very positive thoughts
about
him meanwhile Trump's messaging uh he
had what looked like an AI designed ad
where there was a dangerous looking
person who is following a young woman in
an alley in a at night you know with a
knife I think and the statement
says No One Is Safe With kamla's Open
border that's pretty scary and direct
and
fair now is that a hoax is it a hoax
that dangerous people are coming into
the country well if you say they're
mostly dangerous then you're a big old
racist but some of them are and they are
people who didn't need to come in and
there are people dying because of the
people who did not come in Legally now
how many of them is a fair question but
one would be a lot right you don't want
anybody being killed if you don't need
it uh but then he also has one more
provocative it's uh I don't know if it's
AI generated or a photo from some event
but it's some men dressed in what looks
like Islamic traditional uh wear and
they're burning an American flag and uh
and the text on it that Trump was
sending around was meet your new
neighbors if kamla wins your new
neighbors just in Islamic Garb and
burning the flag now is that is that too
far not really because she's she's got
more of an open border policy uh she
would say they're not illegal because
she wants to let them in for Asylum and
she would not have any kind of ban on
any particular country it looks like so
yeah it would look it would look a lot
more like that so I would say that Trump
uses his typical hyperbole to say that
there's a real problem it's definitely a
real problem but that you know maybe
looking like it's a bigger than it is as
big as it is it's plenty big but maybe
exaggerates a little her just makes up
hoaxes so literally it's hoaxes versus
hyperbole that shouldn't be hard to
decide between those
two all right here's an idea that is not
mine but I like
it suppose Trump uh this came from
somebody who's watching right now
somebody who's watching this this is
their idea not mine um suppose uh Trump
made an announcement and he invited
Harris to join him in this and said the
announcement is and you know she doesn't
have to be there at the same time but
just asking you to agree that no matter
who wins the election the president
elect will uh aggressively pursue any
claims of election fraud no matter
whether they came from the left or the
right now if Harris declines to be part
of that that would mean that she's not
agreeing you should aggressively
prosecute people who treated who cheated
in the election
and that's going to look really
sketchy but if she does
agree um then it would put the fear in
the
cheaters and that might be good for
Trump at least he would think so that
would be his
belief
um so and then you add to that the large
whistleblower WS so imagine Trump doing
an announcement that if I win I will
aggressively pursue any cheating
accusations and uh there will be
whistleblower rewards rewards so if
anybody saw you do it you can pretty
much count on them turning you in
because they're going to make a lot of
money from
it and you simply make it a bigger issue
you simply make people think more about
the
penalty uh so if you are hypothetically
we don't know that such people exist in
the real world but hypothetically if
there are any little groups of people
who are planning to cheat in the
election
you want them to think a lot more about
the penalty and a lot and getting caught
and a lot less
about just changing the election so
remember your reality is what you spend
the most time thinking about so if Trump
could make this the thing they think
about how much they're going to go to
jail how easily they'll be caught how
the whistleblowers will certainly turn
them in you could put a real chill in
their ability to cheat and that could be
good that could be good
uh Adam Schiff was uh on TV and uh he
was asked about K Harris and fracking
now shiff himself has a bill in uh that
he's backing that would ban fracking so
shiff is against fracking and thinks
it's important for climate change but
when asked about the fact that KL Harris
used to be in favor of banning fracking
but now she's not Shi said that her
values are consistent
you know she so he wanted to know that
KL Harris's values have not
changed
um that's a weird defense isn't it he's
literally saying that her policy is
wrong but that's okay because it's
consistent with her principles which
actually she's had both opinions with
the same principles that is the most
absurd
defense you never want somebody to come
out and defend you by saying that you're
making the wrong policy decision he's on
her team he's on her team and he's
saying pretty directly she's making the
wrong policy decision because he has a
Bill in Congress that's the opposite of
her opinion that's as opposite as you
can get he didn't he didn't just say it
he's sponsoring a Bill in
Congress that's the opposite of her
current stated policy and and he's still
willing to say that her values are
consistent even when she used to agree
with him but now she doesn't
what he said was that when you become
the vice president you have a different
perspective okay that's one way to say
that you're a lying weasel
flip-flopper in other words she has to
lie about what she wants to get elected
that's how I hear it she has a different
perspective yeah the perspective is that
she can't get elected if she has a
dumbass
policy well Elon Musk is fighting back
against Brazil you know there's that
Brazilian judge who is trying to get
who's Banning X and um threatening Elon
and everything and elon's response is
he's created a file a an account on X
called the Alexander files the Alexandre
is the judge's name and it's files which
has lots of posts of about him breaking
the law the judge in Brazil breaking the
law so these are things which are public
knowledge because you can tell what the
law is and then you can see what he did
because he does it publicly he's a judge
and you can see that what he does
publicly seems very illegal according to
Brazil's law and not just in one way but
in a whole variety of ways so much so
that creating an account where you can
post on it every day was the best way to
go now will this embarrass or pressure
the judge I don't think so because he
looks like is kind of a hard ass but uh
I love how hard Elon is going at
him so we'll keep an eye on that
remember I told you that Venezuelan
gangs had taken over an apartment
building in Colorado I think at one
point I'd said some other
Town well I saw a uh a video on social
media from somebody who lives there who
claims that that never happened there's
no such thing as a Venezuelan gang who
took over an apartment building and that
the local police when they saw the
reports they also went and looked for
such a place and found no place that any
citizens think the Venezuelans are
charging them rent or took
over what do you think is that a real
story or is there just sort of a general
problem with Venezuelan gangs there and
somebody somebody took it too
far yeah why haven't we seen the police
swarming the apartment Maybe because
it's a fake
story so I'm I'm doing a MPA here I
think I may have forwarded a fake
story so I feel that for my own
credibility I need to admit
that it's it's a pretty common thing on
social media you think something's real
looks like it came from a good source
and you forward it now I'm also not
saying I'm not saying that it's debunked
because I only saw one person say it
but I don't know because I don't trust
the
news but I don't trust random guy
talking about it on social media so I'm
seeing my trusted sources saying it's a
real story
interesting all right so I'm going to
say I'll look into it a little bit more
but you should be on the
guard about story is that your
observation is not matching the
information my observation is if that
were real you'd expect to see you know
more police response and it'd be a
bigger story
Etc um so there's something wrong with
the
story but there might be something
that's realish about it so I I'm going
to stick a pin in that one and say don't
believe anything I've said about it um
let's look into that a little more all
right uh there's you know I hate this
story but I'll just mention it because
it's in the news you know uh Trump and
Harris going back and forth about who's
disrespecting the military more is it
wals or is it Trump going to the
semetary to honor the uh the the Dead
from the Afghanistan withdrawal
and the only thing I'm going to say
about this
is It's really
icky um and I'm going to take a pass on
giving my opinion because I think the
only opinion that matters of the gold
star amilies and the people are directly
involved people have been in the
military uh I think they absolutely have
a right to a strong opinion on this and
I'll take their I'll take their lead on
this right so my take is that my my
personal level of honor is below all of
them so you know I didn't I wasn't in
the military I'm not a gold star a
family so let let the people who have
earned their right to be part of this
conversation
tell us what to think and then I will
simply observe whether they you know
whether it changes the polling or
anybody's opinion but uh it's happening
meanwhile in Oregon they became the
first state in the country to re
criminalize uh hard drugs which had been
decriminalized now we're not talking
about marijuana we're talking about the
hard stuff the hard drugs apparently
that didn't work out so now there's
a there's they've reversed it so if you
get caught with a small amount you will
get a choice of jail or um some kind of
program treatment program now the way I
read this is that it's not exactly Rec
criminalizing it in the typical way to
me it looks like the re criminalizing is
simply a hammer to make them get
treatment so if I were reporting the
story I would have reported it
differently I would say that instead of
Rec criminalizing it although
technically that's true I would have
said they've changed it to force you
into a treatment
program the alternative being jail so I
I would have explained it as treatment
first because who's who's going to take
the jail are people going to say yes
I'll take the jail when they have a
treatment program option that they could
you know pretend they're in but
not I'd call it a treatment I'd call
that a treatment plan and and you know
I'm going to give Oregon a uh
more of a compliment here than you
expected uh I say it all the time that a
system is better than a goal the goal is
to you know nobody does drugs and nobody
dies from it but the system is you're
going to have to try some stuff so they
tried some stuff and didn't work out if
they had never tried another thing I'd
be really mad at them but they tried
something it didn't work out now they're
tweaking it still with the emphasis on
treatment
still okay with it will this work out
probably not because nothing seems to
work out in this domain but was it smart
to try it I'm going to say yes because
the rest of us got to watch and you know
they it cost them something uh and we
didn't have to do it so we got to watch
and we go okay there's a whole bunch of
other states that just got a real big
benefit out of that because now it takes
the pressure off of them from De
criminalizing if they were thinking
about it so I'm going to say this put us
ahead if only in what we know it didn't
actually make anything better yet but it
might it
might well the UK is going to have their
first AI teacher lless classroom so only
AI will be teaching the kids it's just
one private school in in
London and uh we I'll be watching that
so very much like the Oregon example my
my person personal opinion is that it
won't
work but do I think they should try it
yeah yeah absolutely because we won't
know if it doesn't work unless somebody
goes and tries it so yeah give it a try
um I think that a AI teacher would be
better on day one than the worst 20% of
teachers how many how many would agree
with me if you had bad luck and you were
in a bad school with bad teachers I'll
bet the AI teacher is already better but
this isn't a private school the private
school probably had pretty good teachers
so I don't know that this is going to be
better for a private school but
certainly better than a public school in
many cases so we'll keep an eye on that
I think it'll end up being some kind of
a hybrid model where there's a human
teacher but AI does the heavy lifting
you know but the human is there to give
it alence Etc
meanwhile there's a fenol vaccine going
into clinical trials according to tribl
live um developed by researchers at the
University of Houston now are you having
the same experience I
am my experience of this is of all the
things that we could do to solve this
fenal problem of all the things you
could could think of there' be ways to
approach this did it have to be a
vaccine it's the only thing I'm not
crazy
about like even if it had just been a
pill you know maybe that would have its
own medical uh risk but there's just
something about the fact that it's this
day and age and it's 2024 and the and
the solution for this might be a
vaccine now presumably every young
person would end up getting the vaccine
because you don't know where when the
fenel is going to be in something that
you didn't think was that
thing so is this going to be mandatory
if it
works you could very easily imagine this
becomes mandatory couldn't you because
if if children don't know they're
getting the fentanyl it's not a
lifestyle problem it's a health problem
it's like an environmental problem now
when I say they don't know it you know
let's say it's
they they got they thought they got a
Xanax which they shouldn't be doing
right so it would be an illegal activity
in any case but if they thought they
were getting some Xanax from their
friend but ended up being fenel and
killed them you want to protect that kid
but do you want him to force him to get
a vaccination in today's day and age I
don't know of all the things there had
to be a vaccination anyway in Tel aiv
Mass demonstrations because
uh the six hostages were killed by Hamas
and the protesters say I guess you
should have been negotiating harder
should have negotiated
harder uh but my question for the
protesters is this what was your
plan so I I get it you don't like what
Netanyahu did you don't like how he's
handling it I get it all right I hear
you people people got killed don't like
that okay great I got it you don't like
it what's your
plan uh we'll negotiate to uh do a
ceasefire and get the hostages
back so how long is the
ceasefire well temporary ceasefire well
temporary ceasefire is not going to get
anything
done Hamas isn't going to agree to a
temporary ceasefire what would be the
point of even having hostages if you
were just going to give them
back and then they would say well not a
not a temp ceasefire but rather just a
ceasefire and then you know we re
rebuild Hamas and or we real rebuild
Gaza and then all the misplaced people
get you know fed and they get to live
somewhere to which I say that wasn't one
of the
options what made you think that was an
option there there's is no way the
Israel is going to rebuild the town and
let Hamas just take over again so
whatever it is it's not going to be
peace until Hamas is gone so my question
to the protesters is do you even have
any
reasonable idea what this should have
done instead of what happened and the
answer is I I feel like they're just mad
that they're not really asking for
anything that would make any sense at
all so one also wonders who are the
organizers for any protests anywhere
around the world
and now the most important thing if you
missed the start the dilbur calendar for
2025 is now available if you go to
dilbert.com you'll see the the link to
the purchase page and you could
pre-order it now if you pre-order it
it's good for me because then I don't
have to put up a bunch of money because
I skipped the regular publisher this
year and it's not available on Amazon
because they take a lot of it and I
couldn't really I couldn't give you the
price I wanted to give
you uh unless I cut out the publisher
and Amazon as well so it's only
available from one one
site and uh hope you hope you pick it up
and uh yeah you'll see yeah the the
shipping turns out to be a big part of
it but if you order more than one the
shipping will look reasonable and as I
said earlier it's double the comics this
time because there's a comic on the back
as well well as the front so that
includes the Dilbert Reborn the spicy
ones that are the newer ones will be on
the backs all right that's all for now
people thanks for joining I hope you
enjoyed my conversation with Jason and
uh I will see you in the man cave
tonight and
uh thanks for joining all right I'm
going to talk to the uh people privately
on locals just for a little bit but uh
if you're on exr rumble or YouTube
I will see you
tomorrow
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e for