hey Joanne come on in here the rest of
you get on in here it's a very special
coffee with Scott Adams this morning
I'll bet you can't wait I'm going to be
trying something new with the sound so
we'll see if that works we're going to
use one microphone for both sources in a
moment I'm going to give you an
introduction but before that it's time
for the simultaneous F grab your cup
your mug you're jealous
your vessel full of beverages I like
coffee and join me for the simultaneous
enter you're a little late there all
right I am delighted to introduce
Brandon Darby director of bright Bart's
border and cartel projects in other
words a border expert someone who's
going to fill us in in a way you have
not been filled in on the topic of the
caravan and maybe some immigration in
general so I'm going to jump in with
some crashing some questions I'll be
watching your comments in case you have
any questions if you're having trouble
seeing this because the comments are
scrolling by and covering up either of
our faces turn your device sideways and
then those comments and the visuals will
be in separate places
so Brandon give me a little background
where tell the people where you're
located where do you work at my team we
have weird people in Mexico half of our
team is actually in Mexico and the rest
are all along the border and we spend
about 10 days per month traveling the 9
sectors of the southwest border as we
have for about five years now Wow I'm
gonna ask you some general questions and
then give some to some specific are
there any big themes
that you think the public has not been
sufficiently informed about in other
words is there anything that that the
people watching this would say my god I
didn't know that about the border or
about immigration anything jump out well
let's hit the top three first off when
people say the border is secure and
others say the border is on secure
border a safe border is unsafe those
they're telling the truth and a way to
both Kellum captures some areas along
the border are very safe and some areas
are not this has a lot to do with the
nature of the Mexican cartel who
controls that portion of our border very
different beasts the different groups
from Gulf Cartel to Los Gatos to the
Sinaloa another issue that I think
people don't let me jump in now when
when I hear that the cartels are
controlling the border in the sense of
they're charging the immigrants to to be
to give safe passage that's what you're
talking about
they actually control the border so so
in some areas like if we were in the
Tucson Sector in Arizona they have
Scouts the Sinaloa groups they're the
most numerous and the Salazar they have
Scouts on mountaintops in the US with
sophisticated scopes and sophisticated
communications gear and they actually
help to navigate drug loads through the
remote territories out there so they
keep track of and monitor where all of
our Border Patrol agents are at that
time where all of us law enforcement
assets are I think a lot of people don't
realize that and that's not just
Breitbart reporting that's mainstream
outlets those acknowledge that as well
so but why you described
I wouldn't call controlling the border
more like they're smugglers who know
where the Border Patrol is
design a better explanation no because
like in the Tucson Sector for instance
we wrote about a case a couple of years
ago where a guy tried to go through that
territory and they brutalized this
person is that something that happens a
lot so if other people trying to utilize
that territory for for illicit purposes
those people are either murdered or
sodomized in some cases or you know
these graphic things happen to people
who utilize that territory so in that
sense it is kind of appropriate to say
they control the criminal activity let's
say that so if you were an illegal
immigrant you would have to deal with
them or you're not going to get across
safely you would get murdered yeah okay
all right and to what extent do US
authorities know where the personnel is
on the cartel end of things at the
border do we know where they are as the
same as they know where we are
in some cases so when we talk about the
border that's kind of goes back to your
first question one of the problems is
that most people in the u.s. talking
about the border and really don't know
what the hell they're talking about
and even if they live on the border like
someone like that sort for instance he
knows about his little section of border
that he lives on but he doesn't
understand the border the ecosystem as a
whole and that's a problem that we have
so the border region is not only the US
side of the border but it's also the
Mexican side of the border that whole
region is the border region so some
portions of that region like the south
side are absolutely controlled by
cartels so if we were to go to those
estimates in Gulf Cartel territory south
of Texas all of the politicians either
work with the cartels or they get
murdered the journalists even in the
mainstream outlets they're not able to
write what they want to write without
getting murdered so every news outlet
has the person working there called a
link and that link tells people what
they can and can't write and that link
answers to the cartel
the regional cartel so they really do
control a significant portion of that
border they control like what legal
commerce goes through and they take a
piece o or a tax on all of the legal
commerce that goes through the ports of
entry
is there a functioning government in
Mexico or are they just making sure the
garbage it gets picked up but otherwise
the cartels are running that the federal
government or is it more of a border
situation that the cartels control well
there's there's thirty I believe
thirty-one states in the federal
district which is like Mexico City and
like our DC DC has a very functioning
government or Mexico City has a very
functioning government but several
regions probably about 16 Mexican states
are actually under the physical control
of transnational criminal organizations
you know if we look at the state of
Tamil eveness which is immediately south
of Texas and the Rio Grande Valley
sector the last two governors of Chama
Lepus are fugitives of us justice one is
in most prison jail right now one is
about to get extradited to the US
because they worked for Mexican cartels
they did they were part of the criminal
network the another state south of Texas
kolja the two governors ago was a Zetas
governor so he was working for the
cartel the current President of Mexico
Enrique Pena Nieto on his way out
Enrique Pena Nieto he was put into power
a lot of the money that was used was was
running from shell corporations that
were supplied by Mexican cartel what
about the new guy the new president I
don't I don't have any specific
information derogatory on young ladies
but he's connected to cartels there's
nothing specific yet it'll take time for
us to see and people to go through money
and funds and try to try to track it
back but the chances are like it's very
unlikely in Mexico that someone isn't
because if the way they work there that
they call it silver and let
right so they say like can we pay you a
bunch of money to do what we want or do
you want to die do you want us to shoot
you and that's what they do so so most
of Mexico is under is under the control
of transnational paramilitary criminal
organizations so what what in theory and
I'm just sort of you know spitballing
here in theory could the US government
bribe the cartels to stop immigration
yes see the cartel see this is where
it's tricky Scott and this is where like
I said people just don't comprehend it
because if it does take a little bit of
looking at it right outside of the box
the cartels really aren't the problems
the problems are the picture like an
organized criminal circle okay and the
cartel boss is just one little part of
that circle that's the drug part and
whatever else part but there's all of
these other people on the circle
politicians accountants lawyers money
makers of what have you finance ears
bankers and they're all part of this
organized criminal circle well we only
go after the cartel part of that circle
and the rest of that circle they're all
too happy to let us think that El Chapo
is the mastermind but that entire circle
keeps operating and they just put
another El Chapo in there and then it's
so on several parts of our government
realize that like the Treasury
Department click speed the rest of this
circle on the blacklist and they say
they're Kinkos right but but the other
parts of our government don't go after
those people because many of them are
politicians and they're the very
diplomats that we rely on for diplomacy
with Mexico
so all of what the US government can do
in Mexico is dependent upon the State
Department's approval the US State
Department the State Department requires
that US law enforcement agencies balance
their law enforcement priorities with
the State Department's diplomatic
concerns okay so yeah yeah it's kind of
complex and messed up it's just a
completely messed up
we could in theory utilize that same
corrupt system that bad guys use we
could used for good and to get our
bidding but we don't okay so so we'd
have to start killing politicians we
don't we'd have to compete with the
cartel now I'm just I'm just kidding
about that that's not real oh okay we
could push extradition you know we could
push extradition for what they do to our
country we could there's a lot of
paperwork that has to get done you know
with people to get charged different
people to get the paperwork to be
extradited we could push that and we
could we could utilize resources and
creative ways to to get those people in
US has to be yeah so so we can lawyer
them to death until they either start
ignoring us or start handing over some
suburbs all right well you know the
other thing we could do is people don't
know this but um several groups like
most dentists in the Gulf Cartel some of
the nastiest in Mexico they routinely
make as much or more from the legal
immigration than they do from narcotics
so they're actually illegal immigration
cartels so one thing we could do if we
really wanted to do something about the
cartels is we could change US policies
and not allow those cartels to be
successful and we could take out a third
of their at least a third of their
resources just simply by stopping
illegal immigration but pull factors Wow
and do we know where the the leaders and
the headquarters are of these cartels in
other words do you think that our you
know our deepest spooks could tell you
exactly where the cartel leaders are our
deepest foods probably not I think I
mean we identify were where most of them
are the ones that are significant and I
say we I mean our bribe our team we
routinely you to print that information
sometimes we share it with different
governmental agencies which is kind of
controversial but we had a situation
recently where about a year ago the
Mexican military was sent into a state
called Mitchell Akana
and the state is controlled by by our
Mexican
the army was sinan to find this cartel
boss and he never could find him and
then we got a hold of pictures showing
the the military commander fraternizing
with the cartel boss on several
occasions smoking cigarettes and
drinking and we published them in
English and Spanish these stories and a
week later Mexico got embarrassed and
they had to go in and arrest the cartel
boss you know though so we are able to
find out where they are and the US
government all right
now could you tell me with any authority
that we're not droning these cartel guys
are we definitely not droning anybody
definitely not drown in them that's
correct and why not well the problem
with a lot of these folks is that the
vast majority of their armies the vast
majority of the people they rely upon
our underage are miners miners from very
poor backgrounds and people who probably
would have chosen another life that have
they had an opportunity or something
different to do they really are in a lot
of these areas especially along the
border that really are in a bad spot you
know so I'm not trying to sound like a
raging liberal or something here but but
it really is a bad spot that a lot of
these communities are in and it makes it
very easy for these cartels to prey upon
them so a lot of times what you see
whenever somebody is really anus is they
get detained or arrested in Mexico and
then they get put into a jail of prison
controlled by a rival group and those
people get murdered and that happens
pretty routinely once or twice a month
these kind of things happen but we
really were not we're not handling it
that way we're not handling it you know
some of the groups it would be
inappropriate to some of the groups like
looks at this in the Gulf Cartel there
are factions that really across that
line and to board charit words German
terror groups but we don't designate in
the sense because of diplomatic reasons
okay now let's talk about the caravan
where are the pictures of all the trucks
that are carrying these people because
there
not walking that distance well part of
the issue there is that it's it's very
difficult to do actual journalism on the
caravan like in our case it would be
difficult for us to go down there and to
make that known because of what we do so
most US media outlets when they go into
Mexico they actually pay the cartel for
permission to do reporting so they pay a
local guide or a fixer and that fixer
actually works with the cartel and they
get permission from the cartel the
cartel tells them what they can and
can't publish right what they can and
can't cover and and they abide by that
most people don't realize that like with
National Geographic goes into Mexico
they always pay a fixer and that fixer
gives the money to the cartel and the
cartel says okay you have 48 hours here
don't talk about drugs and don't talk
about this don't show this don't show
that and people abide by that so it
makes it very difficult to get actual
journalism on something like this it's
easier if you go in sometimes like we'll
go into Mexico in the trunk of a car
sometimes we'll go in on foot and we
have all these different ways to get in
and get out to get our stories but if
you're going somewhere it's staying for
multiple days or a long period of time
it becomes a very risky Wow
so basically the reporting we're getting
out of Mexico is only what the cartel
approves essentially
pretty much yeah Wow who knew that now
if you were if you were to draw a border
border map and the order to fill in the
places along the border on the Mexican
side that are cartel controlled what
percentage of the entire border would
look like it's cartel control well let's
walk through this little bit but I mean
to bore anybody but let's walk through
it so if you started if you started in
California okay you would have the
Tijuana cartel and they are ruthless
that they control that territory
immediately after Tijuana somewhere
halfway between Tijuana else in El
Centro basically in California
immediately after that it becomes us to
the Sinaloa Federation they control all
of the territory various groups right
like who are such allegiance to the
Sinaloa cartel control all of the
territory all the way until you get to
Juarez Mexico and Juarez is controlled
by Romania in the war is cartel then
when you get about 40 miles outside of
El Paso going east
it becomes the Sinaloa cartel again
until you get to pallulah which is kind
of south of Del Rio Texas and then it
becomes Los Zetas the Los Zetas cartel
and they control all the way into Nuevo
Laredo the release of pata Texas and
then after that it becomes the Gulf
Cartel but the entire the entirety of
the us-mexico border on the Mexico side
is owned by transnational criminal
organizations assume is something a lot
of people don't realize is that the
United States is the territories we're
divvied up in the cartel territories as
well so like Washington state is Sinaloa
cartel California is Tijuana in the
Sinaloa cartel if you if you were to go
to Alabama
that's control that's the territory of a
Guatemalan transnational criminal group
parts of Texas are controlled by I mean
the entirety of the u.s. is divvied up
into territories for Mexican cartels and
they try to respect that so they don't
have war now when we're talking about
building a wall to reduce immigration
after hearing this conversation it seems
like that's completely the wrong way to
frame this we should be building the
wall between the United States and the
cartels Mexico isn't really a player in
this is it no so here's okay so I am I
am a supporter of building physical
barriers if that be a wall and some
places are fencing I am a supporter of
doing them in areas where it's needed
that said I will
that the issues that we're facing you
know saying build the wall is really
it's what I don't know how to say it's
nicely
it's a if the political ploy designed to
give supporters hope that there's
something they can do there's something
strong and singular that they can do to
fix a set of problems but it doesn't
really resolve the problems and let me
explain most of the problems that we're
having with illegal immigration right
now it's actually not even a legal
immigration it's people coming here and
they're utilizing key components of our
existing laws so all they have to do is
set foot on u.s. territory and say I
want asylum and then we have to process
them all they have to do is set foot on
US territory and give birth and then
that's the u.s. citizens and then we
can't deport the only caregiver for a US
citizen infant or minor okay so if most
of the places that we have a physical
wall if you look at Texas the physical
barrier is actually 40 to a hundred
yards into the United States territory
so none of that is going to get stopped
none of this problem is going to get
solved by a barrier that isn't in the
middle of the Rideau brain right that
isn't in the middle of the river because
it all they have to do is get on US
territory when you look at opiates for
instance and we keep saying like hey
this opiate crisis is out of control we
need to build the wall right well if you
look at the most recent de A's national
drug threat assessment most of the
eighty nine percent actually they say of
the heroin that comes into the US comes
through ports of entry meaning they come
in vehicles of people at the legitimate
gates that has nothing to do with in
between the ports of entry when the
border wall would be so I didn't yeah I
think I think most people understand
that a wall isn't going to do much to
stop drugs there because there's there
are too many workarounds but are you but
you said I thought you started that
conversation by saying you favor the
wall but then you gave two reasons not
to favor the wall so there's a part of
this right
so let me explain first off the concept
of the wall
I used that terminology and I probably
shouldn't Trump uses the terminology
everyone else uses the terminology but
if you ever listen to Trump specifically
talk about it without in any detail he
says about half of the US border needs
portions of a wall or fence or some
other type of barrier let's just call it
a wall right right so if you were in if
you were in Laredo Texas where there's
no physical barriers between bad
neighborhoods in Mexico and bad
neighborhoods in the United States
there's just the river which is shallow
and only 40 yards across if you were
there you would said you know what we
need some type of physical barrier to
stop the type of behaviors that are that
are crossing the border in these areas
okay so that would be a good candidate
for a physical barrier areas in between
the densely populated urban areas that's
a good candidate for a physical barrier
areas like in the big dense sector when
you have hundreds of miles before you
get to human populations begin in the UN
list that's not a good candidate for a
physical barrier because we have other
mechanisms that we could use to get drug
mules at people crossing or what have
you that's a good candidate for drugs if
that's a good candidate for technology
and for more human resources but but but
well hold on before you go too far in
the areas that you say would be good
candidates for a wall we still have the
problem that people just have to stand
on US soil and then the legal system
kicks in and the wall would probably not
be on the exact border if they have two
feet of American all they have basically
all they have to do is walk up and and
hold onto the wall and they're in
America right so remember earlier when
we talked about the nature of the
criminal groups of the cartels right
let's talk about this so along most of
the us-mexico border you don't see a lot
of illegal immigration you see some but
not a lot and the reason you don't see a
lot is because
Sinaloa cartel who controls most of our
border the Sinaloa cartel is more like
the old-school mafia right they're
looking at they want to make money today
but they're looking at their long-term
profit sustainability they want to make
money tomorrow in the next day in the
next year they're concerned about all of
it they're very professional if you go
to the Gulf Cartel of musetta's it's a
lot of younger guys who are controlling
it in their early 20s they they're more
like glorified getting banners and they
don't care about tomorrow all they want
to do is make money today that's why we
look at the crisis that happened in 2014
it was all centered in Texas in the Rio
Grande Valley sector in the Laredo
sector in the two territories controlled
by the two cartels who don't care about
tomorrow because even though they knew
that if they brought hundreds and
hundreds and thousands and thousands of
children to our border and people to our
border they knew that that was going to
result in more law enforcement presence
tomorrow but they didn't care they just
wanted their money today and that other
cartels along the border who are more
professional based of wait a minute we
don't want these people coming here
because it's going to bring more
attention and more Border Patrol ages
and we're not going to get our drug
loads through so it just depends on the
nature of the criminal organization
south of the border this controlling
that territory but when I weighed
Brandon son I'm missing the connection
between what would be a case where a
wall would work
given that the wall is going to be
American territory and somebody just has
to come up and you know get on our
territory in the legal system of the
u.s. kicks in and then they can stay so
what what would be there's a point yeah
that's about okay so what we're
experiencing right now with with people
seeking asylum right that's about 55 or
so percent of our problem with with
people coming illegally or illicitly or
regularly however you want to
technically say it right regardless
political perspective that's about
fifty-five percent of our problem so we
talked about heroin and 89 percent
coming through ports of entry well
there's still 11 percent coming coming
illicitly across the border right so and
a lot of that is happening in
neighborhoods like I said in Lorado
Texas and front between the web of
Laredo in Mexico in Laredo and what have
you though so there are still problems
to address and there are you know we
still have 45 or so percent of the
people crossing the border who are you
are sneaking across the border trying to
enter the US and not just claiming
asylum so we still have to address that
problem even though it's not the bulk of
the problem well 45 percents a big part
so yeah so the so okay now let's talk
about the caravan do you have any
visibility on what percentage of the
caravan if any are criminals and card I
guess cartel members or ms-13 no I would
tell you that the majority of people
let's talk about why caravans exist for
a second caravans exist like you'll
notice like the last Caravan most of the
people who came to the US they didn't
come to Texas they didn't come through
the closest region for than the walk to
or get to was Texas but they didn't go
there they went all the way to
California or to Arizona why did they do
that they did that because of the nature
of the cartels in Mexico who control
specific regions so when women for
instance leave Central America to come
to the US there is the expectation of
multiple sexual assaults along the way
and that's not just Breitbart reporting
that's Amnesty International the United
Nations Office of refugee resettlement
we could go down the line and what they
say is that up to 80% of Central
American females are sexually assaulted
on their journey from Central America
into the United States
okay can ask a question about that given
that most of the people in the
caravan or mail if this were a United
States Caravan the amount of physical
assault would be zero because there
would be enough men who would stop it
they would overwhelm the number of
people who would want to do it what
what's different about the caravan okay
so here's the deal with the caravan the
reason that people join the care of them
and the reason that not the humanitarian
organizers of Central America organized
these is because they're saying hey you
know what at this normal system were
most women are raped in this normal
system were where everyone who crosses
through it through Mexico across the
border has to keep paying the cartel for
ten years and wiring money back to them
we're going to not let that happen here
and we're gonna we're gonna organize
we're going to get media attention for
protection and we're going to go across
Mexico and go to the US border so that
the the entire existence of a caravan
the point of the caravan is actually to
to disempower the cartel and to to keep
people safe from the the behaviour of
the cartels so so that's why when you
see groups like Judicial Watch saying
like oh there's Isis fighters in the
caravan that is that's probably I mean
that's like saying maybe there's aliens
in it Antarctica I don't know that
there's not a lian's in Antarctica or
extraterrestrial I can't prove there's
not but there's absolutely no reason to
suggest that there is and are that there
are and you know people join caravans
for protection from the cartels on the
route to the US border so yes so the way
the US media is reporting the caravan is
sort of like it's a challenge on Trump
which you know on some level of course
it is but that's not really the
intention is it the the intention is not
politics it's physical security for
something they wanted to do anyway Wow
show that our border be mine but like
the last caravan did it ever show up at
our border no what happened is they get
to Mexico City and then they disperse
and they go in smaller groups they work
out things with different Catholic
churches or different aid groups and
then they come in smaller groups to the
us-mexico border and you start to see
some show up here some show up there
some show up there but ways not a lot of
this is oh wait wait wait
so but that argues against the caravan
protecting them because that they
wouldn't have trouble just traveling to
Mexico City when they I mean they
definitely would so the area in Chiapas
that they all have to go through when
they cross from Guatemala his cartel
control this it's like really heavily
like influenced by Los Zetas it likes to
the Gulf Cartel so it really starts that
soon so once they get to Mexico City
then they can go along the western coast
and they go through Sinaloa territory
where the Sinaloa cartel doesn't really
care to they don't make much money off
of legal immigration they don't really
care right so they just don't care that
much about it they they're really
heavily focused on narcotics in
legitimate businesses and investments
that they get into the law to the money
so it doesn't take away from them at all
but that's what they do
and that's what happens historically as
they get there there's the political
stuff that goes on you know they get
some pressure from Mexico the organizers
do and they work out different ways so
you still have larger groups of people
showing up but they're that aren't
paying the Gulf Cartel in those days
just to smuggle them in but it's not
thousands of thousands of people in one
hole and in a big bulk coming to a big
mass come into the border that's not
what we've seen historically it may
happen this time but it hasn't happened
historically and the problem is there's
a lot of there's a lot of fake news
about this right like the left is saying
that they're doing it to challenge Trump
I'm sure there's some organizer there
who wears a che hat who thinks of
challenging the US government I'm sure
there's other organizers who are just
Catholic and feel like they're doing
under the least of these you know I'm
I'm certain about that there's multiple
different
involved here that probably don't get
along and have different visions of what
they're doing but on the right we also
have a lot of fake stuff like we have
people claiming that they're Isis
fighters that terrorists are using it to
get it secretly and that's just not how
it works in Mexico terrorists you want
to come here and there are people
connected to terror organizations
generally those people have to go
through what they have to sneak in and
they have to go through the couple of
cartels and don't care about tomorrow
right they can't just in a little cartel
movement across a terrorist the Sinaloa
cartel wants to fake money ten years
from now smart oh yeah so the terrorist
isn't going to go where all the cameras
are it's starting to sound like the best
play for the United States is to back
this yen Aloha cartel because if they
take over the other cartels they're
easier to deal with well okay so here's
the issue with that in a weird defacto
way around it that way that's what we
did if you look at the look at the IML
dollars right so so the u.s. gives money
to a marina initiative the Reid
initiative manifests in Mexico on what's
called the international narcotics and
law enforcement effort
that's our State Department's effort to
fight cartels right right yeah if you
look at the way that the US pressures
Mexico to go after cartels almost 90% of
all of the efforts are against the Gulf
Cartel and los dedos and they leave the
Sinaloa cartel alone that's what they do
they largely leave them alone there are
some one-offs whatever but they largely
leave them alone they go after the
enemies of the Sinaloa cartel and what
is keeping the cartels from fighting
each other do they have an agreement
where they are fighting each other now
they're killing each other that's why
there's been over a hundred and twenty
five thousand people dead in the last
decade in Mexico in this cartel war
there's over 56,000 people missing and
that's just what we know about wait is
it maybe 56,000
I'm sorry give me those numbers with a
time frame again okay so
everyone has different estimates the
best I think the best estimates come out
of the University of New Mexico a lady
named Molly Malloy here I'm sure doesn't
appreciate to the Breitbart editor likes
her or like similar issues very liberal
but she has the best estimates she
estimates around 125,000 and did
murdered in the last decade in the in
the drug they call it the drug war but
it's really I mean it's also an illegal
immigration war right like I said
earlier it's it's the cartel wars over
125,000 have been killed in the last
decade over 100 journalists have been
murdered in the last decade over 56,000
people are missing disappeared no one
knows where they are in the last decade
that's how bad it is you know we've had
17 journalists murdered in Mexico just
this year 2018
it's pretty bad you know that's more
journalists that have been murdered
anywhere else in the world right now
wow this stuff is amazing so what what
would you suggest that the u.s. does
about the caravan what in a perfect
world do you have the best information
is there anything we could or should do
yeah definitely but I think it's really
important though that people remember I
mean like I met on the news editor right
like I want to tell you the news but I
also have to bring in traffic right I
have to I have to fund the salaries of
my people okay right my team so focusing
on the Caribbean is hot stuff right
there oh it's hot but the reality is is
that that what different sectors have
border control have different of
different different numbers but the
average is about 50 they think we catch
about 50 to 55 percent of the people who
come in across the border between ports
of entry and that the other like I said
the others get in they sneak in right
but the reality is is that we've had
400,000 human beings come across that
border illegally or regularly in 2018 so
the caravan you know will be four to
seven thousand people but that really
represents a really small portion of the
people
who have come across illegally this year
alone so what we have to realize is that
there is basically a much larger caravan
number-wise of people who cross our
border illegally come to our border
every month there's more than that that
come to our border and and you know
focusing on the caravan is really it's a
little bit silly because it's there's
like I said there's been over 400,000
human beings already so well you know my
the counter-argument that would look
like this
you know if you didn't treat it like it
was a big problem it would become one so
that the big problem is not the size of
the problem today the big problem is
what will it turn into if we don't deal
with it today so isn't that how you size
it I mean this is what it's our turn
this is what it's turned into this is
the result of our policies you know I'm
speaking with they'll hold up hold on so
right now there's one caravan maybe
there it's doubled to save 15,000 people
if two caravans I guess together at
they're 15,000 right so if they all got
in and they're worked out well there
would be more caravans I agree with you
like that's not so when we say what can
we do about it
the first thing to mention is that
talking about the caravan let's talk
about the issue like why the caravan
exists right not not only because of
their safety up but let's talk about why
they're coming they're coming because
one it sucks to live where they are
that's called the push factor right into
we have policies that encourage them to
come here that's called a pull factor
where we're talking about a regular
migration or illegal immigration how
many one ha all right so so people
people on comments are desperately
asking you to suggest solutions because
they can see okay the biggest thing we
can do it's all about our policies right
so it's easy for us to look at those
bacteria gotta go stop those people
those people are the enemy no no the
enemy are the lawmakers we have who
leave laws on the books that encourage
those people to come here
Republicans have control and they could
change this Democrats have 2009 and 10
where they could have changed it and
they didn't we have laws that encourage
this people are encouraged to come here
we had a policy that said it doesn't
matter who you are where you're from why
you're here how old or young you are
if you come here illegally you are going
home if we had that policy none of this
would be happening but if we had the
hold on nothing's free so if we had that
policy where we did send people back if
they came here illegally no no doubt
about it
and does that include people who legally
apply for asylum what would you do with
that well that's the catch we have to
change that because see people don't
knows a lot of our stuff the reason no
one wants to change the asylum laws is
because how they came about that came
about like largely in the 1960s and they
came about as a result they were
formalized in the sixties they came
about as a result of things that
happened in World War two you look at
several ships of kids who came who were
Jewish kids that came in world during
World War Two the u.s. turned them back
because we couldn't process all of their
claims you know I I'm having trouble
believing that anything that happened in
the 60s is having much impact on whether
we change along 2018 ok well why else
would if we change the mob you get to
see the problem is if you're if you're
being called and you're very good this
with framing and narratives well let me
let me answer the question that the
reason we would have Asylum laws is
because some people are legitimate
asylum seekers and have legitimate
danger and that's the country we want to
be so your suggestion and I'm not saying
it's good or bad I'm just saying there
are costs and benefits the the cost of
turning everybody back would be that
unless I came in Legally the cost would
be that the asylum seekers who are
legitimate would not have would not have
an outlet in the United States they
might still have some other resources
but they wouldn't have the United
days is that would that be acceptable is
it is that a big problem or a small
problem well this is we're in a
situation is hard to answer that because
here's the situation where if we have a
policy which is what we have right now
that says all you have to do is set foot
on US soil and claim asylum and if and
then we're going to sort it out and you
get to be released into the u.s. and so
we sort it out if we have that if we
continue to have that policy we're going
to continue to have four hundred
thousand or more people illegally or or
crossing our border asking for asylum
every year that's what we're going to
have so we're going to have to choose
we're gonna have to make some hard
decisions and go we have an either/or
right now we're either going to change
those laws and make it where people
can't do that or make it where they have
to do it in a foreign country and we
have areas set up that we've looked for
before country as camp I don't know
where they're gonna change it or we're
gonna have this problem there's no
there's no there's no way around it but
how what what number of people do you
think coming across the southern border
and I there's probably just no way to
know this but best guess what percentage
of all the refugees do you think are
legitimate asylum seekers meaning that
if we knew if we had a way to know their
real story that the u.s. would say oh
yeah you guys come on in that's you know
we want to help you do you think that's
five percent forty percent okay this is
we're just tricky because we all there's
all of you know I listen to talk radio
quite a bit and people will say I hear
all these people with these resolute
opinions like no this is technically not
requiring a cylon them no this does and
no this doesn't and really it's a lot of
gray area right so when I meet people I
personally feel like probably out of
just anecdotally and only ninety
something percent of people like me I
think you know what they're a good
person and I think I wish they could
stay here you know I understand but you
don't understand a lot of these people
that come from areas that are physically
controlled by paramilitary transnational
criminal groups we call cartels they're
their journey
their media is controlled their
politicians are controlled when most
people in Mexico who are taken by the
cartel are taken and killed it's
actually the military or the cops who
killed them for the cartel that is what
we're dealing with so I think we could
make the argument that every day one of
them should get asylum somewhere but
then we also have to balance that with
the reality that we have financial
responsibilities that we have to take
care of our own communities how to
balance that I'm not really sure okay
got it I'm going to want to wrap this up
in a minute because I like to keep these
to a certain size and oh my god yeah and
my god this by far this is the most
useful discussion I've ever seen on this
topic I'm watching some of the comments
that people are saying the same thing
let me ask I'm just asking the viewers
here you haven't heard most of this
stuff have you and this I think this
completely changes how you look at the
situation and so I really thank you for
that Brandon are there is there anything
that maybe I should have asked or
something that would give us a little
extra context that we haven't talked
about well I just think I think that
we're in a situation where this is
obviously a hot-button issue for good
reason I think it is a significant
problem but we're just gonna have to
acknowledge that there are some hard
truths here that we have that we have to
deal with like the hard truths are our
laws and currents for people and people
in dangerous situations to come here
they are in dangerous situations but if
we're going to be a country that takes
everyone in the world who's in danger
we're gonna go broke if we also have
something a system of entitlements we're
going to go broke what do we do with
that I don't know but I think that the
things to remember that that multiple
things can be true at once you know like
if you listen to the Center for
Immigration Studies they talked about
the negative cost the cost of illegal
immigration and they're telling the
truth and you listen to some liberal
groups and they're talking about the
benefits of illegal immigration they can
both be true at the time so some groups
in our country can benefit
from illegal immigration some groups can
be hurt by illegal immigration all of
these things can be true that I think
that there's first there's need for a
nuanced discussion but what I see right
now is I see two polar sides and both
sides are a little bit full of it when
it comes to this issue one side is
claiming everyone coming here as a
terrorist trying to exploit us and the
other side is claiming that everyone
coming here is a loving human being it
just wants to take care of the children
and neither one of those is true they're
partially trained right and so we have
to have real discussions about this
let's encourage everybody to remember
that we're talking about human beings
remember that we can't afford to take on
the whole world's problems and let's
have an honest discussion all right that
was a perfect submarine thank you so
much as I said I'm watching the comments
again and people are confirming this is
just the best thing they've seen on this
topic so thank you so much
we've been talking to Brandon Darby
director of Breitbart border and cartel
projects and you should check out his
writing
what's your a Twitter Brandon at Brandon
Darby BR a.m. do nd8
rby all right and I'm gonna sign off of
this I might do another periscope after
this on a different topic I want to keep
this just to a to a tight topic all
right that's it for now I'm gonna sign
back on on a different topic