and so I give them full credit I can see
that my battery is getting ready to die
here so this won't be the longest of my
periscopes so let's see if I figured out
covered all my topics oh there's an
interesting question about can you
reverse engineer the algorithms of the
social media companies in other words
could you look at the impact of all all
the things that they're doing and just
based on what you observe could you work
backwards to what the algorithm must be
my initial reaction to that is probably
not it's too complicated but you could
certainly do it on the simple cases for
example let me let me just this is just
brainstorming I don't know if this is a
good idea suppose you had a bunch of
citizens who met certain demographic
criteria so somebody was old somebody
was young somebody was this ethnicity
ethnicity this income this this gender
so you had a bunch of people who
volunteer and there you have enough of
them so that they fit every category so
once you have people who fit most of the
categories and let's say that they said
you can monitor my account and you'll
see what I see so so you'd have some
system that would look at these let's
say a hundred representative people and
we just monitor all their social media
accounts and then it would compare them
to some kind of average or or other
people could you determine that for
example this person who has these
certain characteristics and clicked on
these certain things is denied looking
at some things that another person has I
think you could I think you might be
able to get the big picture anyway you
wouldn't get all the nuance of the
algorithm but it seems to me that you
would be able to determine what the
algorithms are doing if you could have
vision on all the people's experiences
but not all of them you just need you
need a representative sample it's a
little bit of each kind of person so for
example if you had a typical Democrat on
Twitter
and then you had a typical Republican on
Twitter
couldn't you just look at their two
feeds and see what's different and then
work backwards to what the algorithm
must might be the answer is I don't know
but you might be able to it's an open
question somebody will probably take a
run at that I'll bet some researcher
will take a run at doing that you have
probably seen the so-called deep fakes
these are the CGI characters that look
just like real people and it can
actually even speak as if that real
person were speaking so now video can't
be trusted anymore because you can make
somebody look like a real person and you
can't tell the difference so much so
that from a single photograph you can
create an entire 3d person just to show
off they did it with the Mona Lisa so
there's video I just tweeted it Jordan
Peterson between a day earlier
and it just shows the Mona Lisa from one
photograph of the Mona Lisa or however
they got the image they they turned it
into a 3d walking talking expressive
creature oh yeah
that's scary isn't it so I'm gonna make
an offer here that I don't know if
anybody's thought of yet so I want to be
the first one to think it when you do a
deep fake of somebody like Zuckerberg
for example or the Mona Lisa there's
probably some kind of a rights question
wouldn't you say
some kind of rights are involved but
since I would like to be immortal I
would like to offer to the world
complete copyright freedom to reproduce
me so if anybody wants to reproduce me
with a deep fake and then feed it with
all of my public statements my my public
speaking my ideas from my blogs my
periscope etc so if there are any
researchers who would like to have a a
safe a legally safe real person to see
if they could reproduce that real person
I volunteer so I'm saying in public
right now if there are some CGI
researchers who would like to create a
deep fake Scott I authorize that so you
are you're authorized to do it and then
you don't have to worry about somebody
complaining now I'm completely I
understand that this puts me a risk that
my deep fake will be saying things that
I don't want to the deep fake to say so
I get that I'm accepting that risk
because I can't write I mean I'm in that
rare situation where I can accept that
risk but I'll just put it out there
because people are gonna be making deep
fakes and there are probably some
universities were wondering about the
legality of it there's gonna be all
these interesting lawsuits and stuff but
I'm gonna say you can you can use me a
real person you can use my real name I
would prefer that you label it so that
people know it's a deep fake so that's
my preference but I also live in the
real world and once things are released
they can take any form so now I would
also say that there's there's a second
part of this that's kind of fun given
that I've just given a permission to use
me as your deep fake in the future you
should not assume that anything you've
ever seen me say from this day forward
is necessarily true so that's the
trade-off you should not assume that
anything you see from something who
looks and talks like me any time in the
future is necessarily true
so I realized that I realized that there
will eventually be some tea fakes of me
that say things I don't want them to say
that's part of the I accept that risk so
go ahead and do that
alright so my long the long-term play
here is that I want to be the the first
person who who evolves from a from a
carbon-based creature to a digital being
so I want to be first so make me the
first carbon-based person who dies in
real life and is reborn as a digital
creature so let's let's make that happen
all right and that's about all I have to
talk about today if you would like to
see this in replay using the YouTube
platform just search for real coffee
with Scott Adams I have to tell you that
I had a whole little studio set up here
with a temporary setup of acoustic
panels and everything and just before I
went live they all fell down and knocked
all of my equipment on the floor and
messed up my office so I will be
continuing to experiment with improving
the quality of these broadcasts and
that's what the monetization on YouTube
does for me so that's what we're doing
and I will talk to you later