bum-bum-bum-bum-bum
yes it's a very special evening edition
of coffee with scott adams this time
with nothing but an empty hand because
who drinks coffee this time a night I
know who's drinking tea at this time a
night a in the ball
Jack hey everybody well a lot of people
are up at this time I think I've been
doing these too early so I want to talk
about the Manafort verdict so the trial
is ongoing in terms of the deliberations
and the jury is retired for the evening
and they're gonna deliberate it again
tomorrow morning and I want to see if we
get ahead of the verdict to see which
way it might be going now I'll tell you
in advance I can't give you certainty
but we're gonna have some fun because
we're gonna look at the the clues that
are given so here's some of the clues
that we have about which way the verdict
might go so the the jury asked well
here's the first clue the defense didn't
present a defense they they just figured
they didn't have to so usually that's
interpreted as a sign of confidence that
the prosecution didn't make their case
but it also might be that they're just
so darn guilty that they might as well
say well maybe we can fool at least one
of these people by saying look they
didn't prove the case and just give
somebody to believe it so it could go
the other way I suppose but it does feel
like a confident move and I would think
the jury would probably see it that way
the jury would probably say well if they
if they're so certain if the defense is
so certain
you know maybe I've missed something so
the other him we have yes somebody's
prompting me here is that the jurors
asked for some new information and one
of them well one of them was can the
ship can the jury can the judge help
them redefine or define again reasonable
doubt do you know who doesn't ask that
question people who don't have
reasonable doubt so on the face of it
just the fact that they're asking the
question is a pretty good sign that at
least one person has some reasonable
doubt or they think they might have some
reasonable doubt or they have some
reason to believe that they might
reasonably expect they have some
reasonable doubt so there's something
like that going on now that doesn't mean
that that person couldn't couldn't get
talked out of it all right but so far
the hints you know the clues we have to
suggest either and this is an innocent
verdict or something on the light side
of our verdict I guess if they have
options I don't know if they have the
options anyway
now here's here's another clue the
prosecution put on the stand this this
partner of Manafort named gates now
gates was demonstrated to be a crook who
had been stealing from Manafort for
years so obviously he didn't like
Manafort he'd been stealing from them or
he's just such a bastard that didn't
matter anyway and so here's the thing if
you're the jury aren't you asking
yourself why would they put the least
credible person in the world on the
stand unless unless
they didn't have a case without it so
just think about it you're you know you
one of those twelve people in the jury
deliberations is gonna figure out that
if they needed to put an obvious known
liar with a long criminal record
you know the DS confess too if that's if
that's necessary to hold the case
together well that's a little reasonably
Doughty isn't it so that's that's
another clue just the fact that they
have to use this guy all right here's
another clue so some of the questions
that their the jury was asking about
give us some insight about what was
presented and it's obvious that in order
to understand what happened in the
technical sense you know whether it was
a tax law or some other kind of law that
got violated yeah they have they have to
figure out things like what's a shelf
company and what did gates do and who
owns what percentage of this company and
which company is required to to file the
documents and what are in these
documents and who actually is promising
what in these documents now let me ask
you this and try to keep a straight face
when I say this imagine the complexity
of that case and now imagine 12 citizens
any citizens you know do you think you
can think of 12 people who could follow
it or could just even understand you
know the complexity of the case I don't
think so not in America I mean if you
did it say you know if your jury was
picked from an Ivy League school yeah
probably probably if your jury happened
to be all lawyers you know which is
deeply unlikely maybe they might be able
to understand it or tax accountants but
the odds of 12p
people who qualified for jury duty for
just being you know not obviously biased
the odds of all of them understanding
the complexities of this thing pretty
low now if you're one of those people
who doesn't understand the complexity of
it and you just even you just can't even
tell if a law was violated
you just can't penetrate the you know
the details are you gonna say to
yourself well I'm totally sure this
person is guilty when I don't even
understand what the hell's going on
don't you think there's at least one
person at a 12 that just doesn't know
what's going on and doesn't want to send
somebody to jail for 30 years for that
but I saved my best reason for last I'm
gonna say that nothing I've said so far
has been persuasive to you at least not
you know a homerun persuasive you might
you might be tilting my eye a little bit
you might be leaning but I don't think
I've quite persuaded you yet and now I'm
going to persuade you imagine finding 12
people in the United States who do not
have a strong opinion about President
Trump can you can you imagine that now
imagine that the defense is not
completely incompetent and let's say the
defense either knowingly or through
statistical likelihood because they're
good at picking juries made damn sure
that there are three or four Trump
supporters on the jury do you think
there are no Trump supporters on that
jury and would anybody who is a trump
supporter not be aware prior to being
sequestered I assume at some point they
had to be cut off from the news but this
seems like the story of the thing called
the deep state has been
year for a long time could you really
get 12 virginal jurors for this case for
just about anything else that you can
imagine I think you could you know even
a terrible serial killer you could have
a serial killer where you could get 12
people who just really didn't give a
rat's ass about crime news and just
hadn't heard about that's possible even
if it's headline news there are lots of
people just don't really follow the news
but there is not one adult in this
frickin country who doesn't have a
strong opinion about Donald Trump
candidate Trump and then President Trump
he just does that
so now ask yourself that person has had
a lot of time to think that person over
persons I'm going to say hypothetically
three Trump supporters and a 12 just
modestly three what are the odds that at
least one of them has not connected the
following dots and here here are the
dots if mana forts balls are in a vice
grip president Trump might be in trouble
because as as we've learned from Alan
Dershowitz the smartest guy in the game
sometimes they somebody and sometimes
the the the person will sing and
sometimes they will compose and could
they squeeze man afford enough that he
would find something to say bad about
the president and would the juror think
to themselves you know I might be the
only thing keeping the deep state from
overthrowing the President of the United
States now we can't read minds
we don't know you know maybe all 12 of
those jurors are just anti-trump
anything's possible right but isn't
there far more likely that even if the
people were asked hey are you a chump
supporter that they might have sat in
that jury box and looked right at that
lawyer and said Trump supporter I'm not
really into politics wink wink wink ask
yourself this
if you thought let's say you're a trump
supporter so just imagine this and you
thought to yourself that if you were on
that jury you could protect the
president from what you believed was the
deep state and for this example you know
you don't have to have an opinion about
whether there is a deep state or that's
just a bunch of baloney you just have to
accept that if there are three Trump
supporters on that jury probably at
least one of them thinks there's a deep
State and thinks that their decision in
that jury room could be the only thing
that keeps that deep state from taking
out their president what would they do
well I don't know if you've ever served
on a jury but it's surfing on the jury
is a very special thing if you hey if
you haven't done it it's you know it's
not a good time you know it's not fun I
don't recommend that for entertainment
but if you want to be a good citizen you
really have to try it alright so don't
don't don't use your get out of jury
duty thing every time if you don't have
to you have to do a little jury duty
alright even if you can get out of it do
a little it changes you
because here's the here's the thing that
you know I've said some some things
about the potential jury composition but
there's one thing that's
true about I'll guarantee this is true
about all 12 people
I believe all 12 people want justice
that's that that's the one thing I'm
positive about that they all want
justice so those are our clues
let's see your opinions you've heard the
same Clues I have you've seen the same
news that I have I've made my case it
only takes one you know one juror who
believes there the difference yeah and
your opinions jump right in say say
guilty or not guilty
I'm just looking for your agreed that
was on a jury have you been on jury duty
I have yeah a few times twice twice I
think
all right that's all I have for tonight
I'm gonna leave it there so just for fun
I'm gonna predict that I don't know if
the jury has options about you know
deciding the worst thing versus you know
not not so bad but I think the jury is
going to be kind to mr. Manfred's
I'll make that prediction now not a
hundred percent you know if you look at
it the other way you know why were they
doing it you know why would they bring a
case if they didn't think they would win
it right it isn't
it isn't the I believe the odds of
winning these cases is very high so why
would they bring a case unless they were
really sure they had the goods well
here's the thing maybe they were
bluffing maybe they had to make the case
to squeeze Manafort and that would be
the one situation where you you might
try to scare him into cooperating and
not have a real case now I don't know if
anybody does that sort of thing but I
wouldn't rule it out all right yeah hung
jury seems like the the the likely case
yeah so to be clear when when I say it
seems likely you'll have at least one
juror who doesn't go along with the rest
that would be a hung jury not a that
would not be a not guilty that would
just be a hung jury but I don't know
where you can get to all people where
you're not going to have one person who
says screw it I'm just going to put a
you know put a wrench in this all right
I'll talk to y'all later
you