temples and pom poms hey everybody come
on in the air I've been awake for hours
what's your Excuse I know why you're
here has something to do with the
simultaneous sip that part of the day
that gets the rest of your day going
that dopamine hit that makes everything
better and you don't need much to join
in no you don't you already know you
just need a cup or a mug or glass it's
time to tell us detector to thermos a
Falasca canteen a vessel of any kind
fill it with your favorite like what I
like coffee and join me now for the
unparalleled pleasure of the
simultaneous enter Oh better than usual
I've got a coffee warmer now it's
changed my life now my coffee stays warm
how about that it's like wow is there
anything we can't do in 2019 we can keep
coffee warm so I tweeted earlier today
that by my count the the latest hoax is
hoax number five now I talked about the
hoaxes of course there are so many to
choose from but I'm choosing just the
the media hoaxes so number one was the
rush of collusion hoax number two the
fine people hoax
number three everything about Cavanaugh
hoax number four the Covington kids hoax
and number five is the latest chapter
which has been announced accidentally
accidentally announced by the New York
Times so the coming year the news will
be wrapped around the new hoax hoax
number five and that says that orange
man causes racism not the fake news no
it's not the news that causes the racism
no it's President Trump
according to the news now here's the
question I asked you
people keep ass
we you know why do so many races support
President Trump now the quick answer is
conservatives always support Republicans
because I'm pretty sure it wouldn't
matter who is running on the Democrat
side pretty much all the Democrats you
know probably 95 percent of them would
support whoever just because Democrat
how is that not obvious and I wonder is
it really not obvious that all the
Conservatives ninety five percent are
gonna vote Republican no matter who it
is and vice versa so has nothing to do
with looking at their policies looking
at their personality there's some small
number of people who are in the middle
but they're they're not the ones were
calling racist right the ones who are
the independence in the middle who could
go either way nobody calls them racist
so that's your answer now the question I
ask you is if you are a racist and you
were trying to determine if President
Trump was on your side
what news sources would you watch to
believe that the president was on your
side well you couldn't watch Fox News
because Fox News says he that President
Trump disavows racism they showed the
videos they're very consistent you
wouldn't get that from Breitbart because
Breitbart calls out the fine people
hoaxes etc you would have to watch MSNBC
and CNN in order to have the opinion
that your own racist views somehow we're
compatible with the president because
that's not reported on any of the news
sources that are you know the natural
news source sources from the right
leaning part of the country they don't
report that that's never in their
reporting they talked about how other
people are saying it but they don't
report that there are facts to back it
up
so the odd thing about the racist
supporting and President Trump is that
the only place they could be learning
this is from you know the left-leaning
media it's the only way now ABC says
that there have been 36 criminal cases
that invoked Trump's name whereas the
number of criminal cases that evoked
Obama or Bush before him was zero so
what do you make of the fact that there
are 36 criminal cases invoking Trump's
name where do the people who made those
made those crimes where did they get
their information where did they get
their news probably see it in so when
we're we're dealing in the next year
with the hoax number 5 which is the New
York Times has announced they're gonna
they're gonna make the news in this
coming year all about racism I saw the
first the first take of it this morning
they wrote an article the headline says
that the reason that the reason we don't
have universal health care is racism I
mean they're really serious about making
every story about racism now I didn't
read this story because I don't feel
like I need to because whatever that
story says I just don't think it could
possibly be actual news whatever is that
it looks like it's just narrative you
know pounded into a to a topical story
so some people were suggesting that
instead of hoax number 5 I called the
latest the the latest hoax the one that
says orange man causes racism not the
fake news that I should call it racist
hoax so it's a hoax that's the
president's racist but she never worked
for racists right in your message
because as soon as people see the word
they're already thinking you know
negative things about Trump
so just I wouldn't use that word I would
diminish
they're hoaxing two simple chapters hoax
wagon hoax to hoax three hoax four or
hoax five if somebody wants to question
you about why you're calling a hoax five
you're gonna have to explain the other
four so that's good for you if you have
to explain all the hoaxes that led up to
this one now people are saying how come
I didn't include the jussie Smollett
hoax that was sort of that it was a
borderline for me I decided to leave it
out because the hoaxer was Jesse
Smollett and the people getting hoaxed
were the media on both sides for a while
more of the media on the left I don't
think the media on the right ever quite
fell for it did they so in the smaller
case the victims were the anti-trump
media they believed it whereas the other
hoax those things are clearly things
that they they don't at least
unanimously they don't believe so it's
the difference between the news creating
the hoax and spreading it versus them
being victims of the hoax
Smollett perpetrated the hoax on the
media it wasn't the other way around all
right I'm starting a list of things you
would have to believe in order to be a
Democrat in 2019 it's just a starter
list I'm going to add to it but here are
some things you would have to believe
you'd have to believe that Israel can't
spot an anti-semite you'd have to
believe the Israel's not not good at
that because they like Trump and they
don't like some Democrats such as Tulane
so in order to be a Democrat and buy
into the whole sort of Democrat hoax
based narrative you'd have to believe
the Israel's not good at spotting
anti-semites you'd also have to believe
that internal trade wars are good
whereas external trade wars are always
bad right because they're doing an
internal trade war which is boycotting
various companies that might donate to
the Republicans Tony
Trump so they have to think internal
trade wars are good and external ones
are bad I'm gonna add to that list as we
go so I've had a number of people
talking about this Portland sporting
event you heard about the sporting event
in Portland so there were two teams one
team the proud boys and the other and
were others there but mostly it was two
teams the proud boys versus an tyfa and
they all showed up in the field and they
wore their little uniforms and they had
a contest now the way you win the
contest
is not by how many people you beat up
you win the contest by luring the other
side into bad behavior that gets caught
on camera because if it's not on video
we didn't really happen
right that's the way we're built if you
if you don't see the video looping it's
like it didn't even happen so that's how
you keep score so the group that goaded
the other side into doing things on
video and the on video is important that
looks bad that's how you score so based
on that and based on the video I've seen
the proud boys won hard it looks like a
complete victory for the proud boys now
before you before my critics jump on me
I'm neither supporting nor condemning
the proud boys I'm not making a comment
about my opinion of them I'm simply
saying that I'm watching the game like
the rest of you the game in Portland and
they won the game because the way you
score the game is by embarrassing video
for your side versus the other side now
I did see embarrassing video of antiphon
attacking different people somebody says
so your forehead you fought our world is
so stupid that if you're if you don't
say you're for somebody must be from the
other team the nuance is gone so proud
boys won that event as far as I know
there's no video showing them starting a
fight or being
bullies but there is plenty of video of
empty fire doing all of those things so
proud boys wins congratulations to the
proud boys now I asked a provocative
question on Twitter I still don't have
an answer because I've seen no I've seen
no reporting on it and here's the
question as a percentage are there more
black members of the proud voice or are
there as a percentage more black members
of an tyfa do you know the answer to
that because I don't I have no idea I am
pretty sure they both have black members
which is hard to explain because in
order to be a Democrat you would have to
also believe that the black people are
not good at spotting racism do you
believe that because to be a Democrat
you have to because look how many not
there's not a lot as a percentage but
there are plenty of black Republicans
there are plenty of not as a percentage
but there are plenty of black supporters
of President Trump how do you Democrats
explain that the only way they could
explain it is that they're either bought
off or all of them like every single
black Republican is just paid off
somehow you'd have to believe that or
you'd have to believe that black people
are not good at spotting racism when
it's right drive them and so obvious you
couldn't possibly miss it and I just
don't know how you buy into that all
right the latest fun is that Bill Maher
came down on the BDS movement that's
boycott divest and sanction Israel that
too late a representative slave is
behind and so Bill Maher sort of broke
ranks which is not that unusual
he broke regs with the Democrats to say
that that was a dumb idea
and so till Abe has she's responded by
saying that people should boycott Bill
more show is this could this be any
better could anything be more fun than
watching delay but say that people
should boycott bill bill maher show what
the hell is wrong with that what is
wrong with them now I don't think
anybody should boycott his show in fact
I was watching it the other day and it's
very entertaining even you can watch
Bill Maher show and disagree with his
opinions and his politics and still
enjoy the entertainment of it it was
pretty funny when I watched it now just
last night I guess
on recording alright so Bill Maher
apparently tweeted at the president and
he said okay sure let's get right down
though so he was responding to the
president's tweet and so here's what
Bill Maher says this should blow you
away now Bill Maher was like one of the
biggest critics of the president right
he's one of the most vocal critics and
Bill Maher says in the tweet this is a
fresh tweet but one other thing mr.
president as long as we're talking this
is Bill Maher he says if you were to do
a total of 180 on the environment and
become the most dogged fighter we've had
ever had against climate change
pollution and killing what species etc
I'd vote for you so Bill Maher is saying
that if on that one issue if Trump
became a you know just a mini act about
protecting the environment that Bill
Maher wouldn't vote for him do you
believe that now I'm not sure you could
take that as a literal you know I'm the
one who always cautions you against
taking things literal literally because
obviously there are lots of variables in
the world but I think I've been telling
you for a while that it feels to me the
Bill Maher is sort of teetering on the
edge of becoming a trump supporter I'm
not going to predict it'll happen
but I'm not going to be surprised if on
Election Day 2020
Bill Maher says you know I hate a lot of
things about this president but look at
the other person sorry
you know you might find that Bill Maher
is a lot closer to Trump by Election Day
than you ever thought was possible
now one of the reasons one of the things
that would bind them as Bill Maher has
to be noticing that most of the most of
the arguments against Trump are
literally just made-up ridiculous BS and
that he's being bagged for being
politically incorrect imagine Bill Maher
whose TV show used to be named
politically incorrect it's his brand
what's Trump's print politically
incorrect they literally have the same
brand it's hard for me to imagine that
there's so much distance between them
now remember they've had some I guess
some personal dust-ups in the past so
there's some of it's personal you can't
really score that here's my other
favorite story it's being reported I
don't know that you could consider this
credible whenever you hear a quote from
people who were not recorded at the time
usually you should say the quote is not
necessarily credible it might be
accurate but you can't really believe
quotes unless you see him on video here
on video and even that it could be a
deep fake but if you're just hearing
somebody said somebody said something
that's the lowest level of credibility
but that said the story says that Obama
told the Biden that he quote didn't have
to run didn't have to run and I think
everybody's seeing that language and
they're saying well if I were to parse
that choice of words and here's the part
we don't know did Obama use those exact
words because that's sort of being
reported like those were his exact words
or something so close to it that is
effectively exact words do you think
that Obama told Biden that he didn't
have to run because if you tell your
spouse you know honey you don't have to
go with me to the whatever
what is your spouse say your spouse
doesn't say oh you're so nice
you're giving me the option of going
with you or not going with you know if
you tell your spouse you know how do you
don't have to go with me you're kind of
telling your spouse to stay home that's
how your spouse will take it even if
you're not thinking yeah that's how your
spouse is gonna take it so this wording
which again I'm not sure it was his
exact wording Obama has allegedly said
that you didn't you don't have to run if
if Oh Biden told if Obama told Biden
that he really didn't have to run he was
kind of trying to just to discourage him
so that's interesting um I do believe
that Obama has got some deep concerns
about his legacy with Biden so that's
probably just about all I had to talk
about oh so I'm having a lot of people
who you know people live in a binary
world so in our binary world
you either love the president or hate
the president you can't be in between
you're either Democrat or you're
Republican you're a socialist through a
capitalist you know we like to put
things in two categories so when I've
been talking about empty five people
like to jump in and say antiphon hasn't
killed anybody yet now I know you can
argue about that because the the Dame
the shooter but he didn't the Dayton
shooter was probably just mentally ill I
don't think his association with
anti-fog was important but my critics
are saying oh so if you're saying anti
foz bad you must be in favor of the
other side
for you must be in favor of fascists
here's what I say when people tell me
that if I'm against anti feh I must be
therefore logically in favor of fascists
here's what I say your moral superiority
is noted your moral superiority is noted
I personally and then I follow up with I
personally love to NT foul and neo-nazis
and you you being the person who is
challenging me in the same group I put
you all in the same group you're all
completely condemnable for different
reasons but for those people who can
rank head injuries over verdure
and that's what people are doing the
people were pro pro an tyfa or say hey
ant if i hasn't killed anybody
they've only caused brain damage several
times
it's just brain damage you can't get
worked up about brain damage compared to
killing the other side is killing or has
killed to which i say i acknowledge your
moral superiority if if you if you can
rank giving people brain damage on
purpose as a higher moral plane than
killing somebody good for you you just
go ahead and do that personally i put
them in the same category personally i
don't slice it that fine
but if people want to you should praise
them for their moral superiority and
then put them in the same group as the
neo-nazis all right my tweet that's
getting the most retweets this week was
I said in my tweet I said can someone
remind me which politician is the
anti-semite is it the one Israel named a
settlement after or the one Israel
banned from entering their country how
do the Democrats process that because
they're so sure the president Trump
sided with the Charlottesville Tiki
torches who are anti-semitic how did
they deal with the fact that Israel is
naming City this name who settled in
after him and and his opponent in
Congress till Abe isn't even allowed in
their damn country how do they process
that like what what mental math nation's
do you have to do to imagine that Israel
can't figure out who anti-semites are
pretty sure they could do that I have
confidence in them
okay the amazing thing about this New
York Times story is that it's not a
story except in one half of the country
imagine if you will that the New York
Times got caught on secret recording
telling their news crew you know the
newsroom how to cover the news for the
next year before the events actually
happened so to tell them to frame things
and in a race in a racial frame best
story is definitely bigger than
Watergate am I wrong
it is not the New York Times getting
caught on video and audio saying that
they're going to form the news and
create a narrative in the coming year
they're not even talking about the past
they're talking about their plan for the
coming year
do you think that's bigger than
Watergate or smaller because what a game
for all of its badness wasn't that big a
deal I mean it was a crime you you know
I'm glad that Nixon had to go I'm glad
that you know everything that happened
had to happen but if you were to rank
somebody breaks into an office of the
other team versus a major news
organization that we trust has decided
to rip the country apart through bogus
narrative about racial problems and you
catch that on tape that feel that feels
at least ten times bigger right or a
hundred times bigger it doesn't even
feel the same
it doesn't feel like this even anywhere
in the same category now part of it is
that I don't think Watergate for all of
its badness and again
Nixon was bad he had to go but the
actual crime was a he didn't he lie
about something involving a break-in for
an office that got some documents that
probably didn't make much difference you
know I'm not defending any of it I'm
just saying that on the list of big
problems it's kind of small Nixon had to
go it was big enough that you have to
get rid of the president it was kind of
small ripping the country apart using
the most trusted media source at least
trusted by people on the left is maybe
Hitler level evil wouldn't you say what
what other organization intentionally
called the meeting to whip up racial
animosity in a country what was the last
time anybody did that well there was
George Wallace I suppose but you know
hailer now this is one of those cases
where the Hitler analogy isn't too far
off you know normally I would mock
people for making it but in the narrow
in the narrow sense of intentionally
forming meeting and agreeing in the
meeting that you're going to drive the
country apart
with racist narrative independent of the
actual news that sort of leads you to
really bad things now so let me pull
back on this a little bit there's
nothing quite like Hitler there's
nothing like the Holocaust so anything
you compare to that you know it was just
sort of ridiculous on its surface but in
terms of a similar strategy of using
race to divide people for power I mean
the reason that the New York Times
doesn't is for profit and power and it
seems
at least as evil you know - the murders
so at least in the philosophical sense
it's completely condemnable but here's
the here's the amazing thing how much is
the New York Times the story being
reported on the left at all you know did
did CNN and MSNBC even cover it they may
have mentioned it you know they may have
said oh there's a secret recording
here's a link to it but do you think
they framed it the way Fox News the way
you know Breitbart etc framed it
probably not it's the biggest story by
far name one story that's bigger than
that I mean you know there have been
bigger stories you know North Korea was
a big story when we were you know it
look like we're on the edge of war but
at the moment what's a bigger story than
the New York Times admitting they make
up the news there's nothing bigger than
that
because that affects everything so
that's amazing
now I woke up this morning and I wanted
to get the score of the big game you
know the big game meaning proud boys
versus auntie foul the costumed event
sporting event that happened in Portland
so I opened up CNN Dina how much
coverage is CNN had of the mass protests
in Portland none none nothing not a
single link to a story on their front
page none now I don't know if it was
buried in some subsidiary page but it's
not on the entire front page so I went
to MSNBC to see how much the Portland
protests were covered
guess how much none there was
major semi violence a little bit violent
protests in a major city and it wasn't
even a headline now I went to Fox News
and sure enough it wasn't like their top
story but right near the top there was a
link to give you an update now think
about that all the poor bastards who
depend on the news that the left-leaning
news they're not even getting news has
poor poor bastards have no idea what's
going on think about it those poor
bastards don't know what's happening
they really don't because there's their
news sources not telling them and
they're not going to go to Breitbart or
to read about it
they have no idea it's what it's the
biggest story in the country nope don't
know anything about that one all right
well it's amazing and head-shaking and
you know even I am going to just sort of
shake my head and walk away from it
because there's not much you can do
about it you know I can tweet about it
and talk about it but I'm only going to
be tweeting and talking to that narrow
silo of people who follow me who already
know about it I can't get out of my my
silo partly because social media
platforms are going to throttle me if I
try but nobody's gonna read it anyway so
there's this gigantic black hole of
knowledge on one side of the country and
there's no mechanism to fix it because
the news won't give them news and the
people telling them that the news isn't
giving them news are invisible to them
because the platform's just sort of keep
us apart partly by choice and partly by
algorithm I was thinking trying to think
of ways to counter the hoax 5.so hoax 5
for those of you just joining us is the
idea that the orange behind causes
racism not the fake news and the way
they cover it
and this was the fifth of the major
hoaxes it's like chapter five if this
were a chapter book this would be
chapter five the the other hooks so
here's a way to I was thinking of
reframing the whole racism thing imagine
if Trump supporters had a t-shirt to the
said nationalism versus racism now smart
people will say wait a minute
those are not like opposites because a
racist could be anybody could be a
nationalist could be a non nationalist
you know those does it make sense it
doesn't make sense to say nationalism
versus racism it's sort of like saying
banana versus the color purple like
banana and the color
don't compare doesn't make any sense but
we live in a stupid world in which
people think in terms of words it's the
main power of anti-shah is their name if
they change their name they would have
to go away tomorrow because if it wasn't
anti-fascist they would just be fascist
it's literally the name of the
organization it's the only reason they
get away with what they do because we're
so dumb as a as a society that the word
influences us anti oh well I guess I
must be on your team you're anti
something I'm in time so I was thinking
if it were framed as nationalism versus
racism that's not so bad because you
can't really be a good nationalist if
you're also are racists seems to me
because the whole point of nationalism
is that you're protecting your team the
people in your nation how could you be a
nationalist and a racist you could be a
white nationalist but bad news it's way
too late how in the world what are you
gonna do you know back forty five
percent of the country to wherever you
imagine they belong how would that even
work
so nationalism without the white
or versus racism yeah it's not
patriotism versus racism because there
are patriots on both sides but I think
people would agree that the Nationalists
are all on one side and nationalism by
its nature is anti racism am I wrong
I'm not talking about white nationalism
I'll talk about just nationalism
nationalism by its nature is to protect
the people in the border the people who
are already here and there are all kinds
of people so how could you say protect
all these different kinds of diverse
people and be a racist doesn't make
sense they're opposites so that's why
the anti-trump errs have to throw the
white in there to make it white
nationalist so that they can turn it
into white supremacists so they can turn
it into Heller so that they have to use
word association to turn nationalists
into something bad so I'm just putting
that in there nationalism versus racism
if we started thinking of it that way
then you'd have to take teams I was
actually thinking of this is not a
serious suggestion but it just gives you
an idea of how important words are if if
Trump supporters founded a group called
anti-racists but they were there mostly
nationalists but they called the group
anti-racist
who would oppose them because if you
oppose the group that's anti-racist what
are you right so if there were a
Republican group named anti-racist it
would be very effective I don't see it
happening and not not suggesting it will
but it just tells you how the words work
anti-rock anti raw anti roth to be
against anti far now it seems to me that
the anti-shah are racists by definition
because their view of the world is
erased and filtering if the way you see
the world is race that's your primary
filter I think you're racist by
definition because it's how you see the
world if your primary definition of the
world is America or nationalism you're
the opposite because you can't really be
a good American you can't really I don't
know how you could support the
Constitution or where it says very
clearly we're all equal if you don't
believe that so in order to be a
nationalist and a patriot and a good
American you would have to be a racist
so just just put that out there
all right lemon drunk so anti raw versus
antiphon then my work auntie Roz is
pretty good you should reread the
Constitution should I what am I gonna
miss I you know I'm seeing a pushback
when people I saw some people say that
the the United States and the
founders founded the United States on a
white supremacist basis what do you say
to that do you think it's true or false
that the United States the the founders
the fathers of the country because most
of them were men I do you think that it
was a white supremacist nation now most
of you are a calling bull no a no a no
hey so I'm reading this book American
nations which is just history it's not
it's not really trying to push an agenda
it's just telling you what happened if
you read the history it looks like all
not exactly white supremacists
it was wealthy supremacists so the
founders did believe both north and
south there's some people were special
and it had a lot to do more to do with
your money and your status than it did
with anything else so the thing that we
often forget is that the founders of the
country and I don't mean the ones who
signed the Constitution but the the
early important people in the country in
the colonies enslaved white people in
black if you're an indentured servant
and you were white you're basically a
slave you know the actual African slaves
had it worse but the white people were
slaves too so we were a slave country
it's just that everybody was a slave and
the rich people had everything and they
built a constitution to said hey how
about rich people get to keep everything
including their slaves that's sort of
what they did the Constitution was
really about the rich people are getting
to keep their stuff so you can love this
country and be a patriot and all that
but you don't have to run from the
history the history is a bunch of white
supremacists but the most the most
dominant part of their thinking beyond
the fact that they were white
supremacists the dominant part of their
thinking was money and special people
but the special people were anybody rich
so I would say true to the claim that
the United States was founded on a white
supremacist philosophy not true
that it still is it's perfectly fine to
say things used to be bad but they got
better so I'm gonna say it true to the
country being a white supremacist
platform that improved over time and I
would say that the Trump form of
nationalism takes it to right where it
needs to be nationalism is anti raw
right
hashtag anti raw because they're
anti-racist
for now why don't you go have a great
day a great day cuz I'm gonna have one
and I will talk to you tomorrow