little week at least for Tesla we'll
talk about that we got robots and cyber
gabs and oh
[Music]
my good morning everybody and welcome to
the highlight of human civilization it's
called coffee with Scott Adams the best
time you'll ever have but if you'd like
to take this experience up to levels
that nobody can even understand with
their tiny shiny human brains all you
need for that is a CER marar glass a
tanker Shel orstein a canteen Jugger
flask a Vel kind fill it with your
favorite look and I like coffee and join
me now for the unparalleled pleasure
it's a dope mean of the day the thing
that makes everything better it's called
the simultaneous Sip and it happens now
go
the technology is working the coffee is
delicious you're all streaming in for
the best time of the day well I think
things are going
well let's
talk well last night uh I stayed up and
with my live stream audience at locals
we waited for and then watched The Big
Tesla announcement
and uh it was really impressive I've got
to say it was really impressive so the
new things that we saw not all new new
but uh we saw the robots we saw the
Cyber cab and something he calls a robo
roben or Roven because he didn't want to
call it a robo
van so they're working on a little bus
an electric bus that looks
futuristic but we won't see that for a
few years the robots I think will be
manufactured pretty soon next year and
the Cyber cabs that would be Auto
autonomous no driver no driers it
doesn't even have a steering wheel um
those will be available in 26 I
think so anyway so here here's what you
missed so they rented some kind of movie
set that looked like a city I think it's
one that uh the studios use and they use
that as sort of a virtual City and then
they had a whole bunch of uh autonomous
Tesla cabs that were going to give every
single person who attended a ride so
people lined up and then the cabs took
them on rides around the fake City uh
just as if it were a real City now
apparently the the uh technology looks
like it works so the only thing they
have to do is actually build the
things uh I don't know exactly what the
legal
uh environment is they might need some
kind of approvals before it goes live
but uh the the look of the vehicle is
better than anything Tesla's ever made
uh way better design than any of the
cars way better designed than the Cyber
truck uh and the van also looked pretty
impressive pretty
impressive one of the things that's
weird about the uh the uh cyber cab is
that I think it doesn't have a back
window but it doesn't matter because
there's no humans involved in driving so
I assume there's just a camera in the
back and the camera on all sides and
it's a robot so it doesn't need a
doesn't need a window so that's weird
but the design is fantastic it's the
best design I've seen so far on a
Tesla all right
um here's what else we learned so what
is the most baller way you could
introduce your new robot let me tell you
what I expected all right ladies and
gentlemen at long last we're going to
give you a demonstration of the Tesla
robot and then there would be a robot on
stage this is how I imagined it it's not
how it happened this is how I imagined
it and then the robot would do something
that's difficult like it would iron a
shirt or it would make you a sandwich
you know things that would be hard for a
robot to do and then everybody would
clap and then you you would wonder if
that robot could really do
that but instead several robots I don't
know how many maybe 20 or something uh
the door opens and there's a big crowd
listening to Elon present the door opens
and a bunch of robots just sort of walk
in they just walk in and uh Elon says
that uh you know after he's done with
his presentation which was almost done
that the robots would just be mingling
they would be mingling and that one of
the robots would be making
drinks now I saw that the robot making
drinks had some kind of a human assist
so I think there was maybe a human
remotely who was making sure it could do
what it needed to do but um so the so
the bartender wasn't full robotic I
imagine it could be soon but there
wasn't uh but just imagine that he's so
so confident in the robots that he lets
them just wander in and work the crowd
so you could just talk to one and just
hang out with a
robot I I can't even
imagine uh a more
mindblowing presentation than to not
have the robot on the stage I mean that
was just killer whoever came up with
that idea that was sort of Next Level
marketing we're not even going to show
you the robot the robot's just going to
be doing people things yeah the people
will talk talk about it later but the
robots just give you wandering around
talking to people doing people things
that's our
presentation so that was impressive as
hell um we'll see what people say when
they actually talk to it apparently
there's also a demonstration of the uh
one of the Rob by
hands and I'm going to do an impression
that you can't see if you're listening
on the just on audio but the hands you
know how hands used to be sort of you
know they were just like little claws
they could go up and down and then it
had I guess I got to 11 degrees of
separation so the hand could do you know
some things that look like a row by hand
but it had more flexibility apparently
they've got I don't know a whole bunch
of Degrees of Separation now or or move
of movement so the hand does everything
my hand is doing so there's nothing my
hand that's doing that the robot
couldn't do that would look exactly the
same exactly the same as my human hand
doing anything that I want it to do now
that's I wasn't sure they were going to
get
there now the question that you're all
asking and I asked on a is are they ever
going to make the Palm a little bit
softer shut up you were thinking it you
were thinking it you were thinking it
you disgusting bastards yeah you were
all thinking if that if that robot hand
gets a little bit better it just needs
to be a little
softer and uh that's the end of human
reproduction
forever so there's that
um so uh Robert
scobel was at the event and he said he
met an Apple employee at the Tesla
launch there and uh he said that the
Apple employee told him that Apple
killed its own plans for an autonomous
car uh after it found out what Tesla was
building so Apple just uh we're out now
why would Apple being such a capable
company not think it could compete with
Tesla well number one Tesla has all
these zillions of miles of of cars have
collected all this video knowledge so
Tesla can train it because it has
training training experience from other
cars but nobody else has that the other
thing that's way bigger than all of that
is that Elon Musk seems to be the only
person who knows how to
manufacture Apple doesn't know how to
manufacture anything in America and if
you make your robots in
China you've got some explaining to do
but if Tesla makes their robots in their
Auto cars and everything in
America
um people are going to be a lot more
comfortable with it so I think that uh
Apple is showing a weakness in that if
they can't build it somewh where else in
another country I don't know if they can
build
anything but but Tesla has shown it can
build anything
anywhere I mean that's not even the same
business practically uh I don't know how
in the long run it seems like Apple's
got a lot of
challenges so after all these amazing
amazing things that came out about Tesla
and uh at least two of the markets it
introduced are trillion dooll markets
so the robots will probably be a
trillion doll business maybe multiple
trillions and the Cyber cabs could be
another trillion dollars so what happens
when a company that definitely can
deliver says it's going to do things
that would make the company worth 10
times as much as it is
now stock down
9% the stock's
down now I assume I assume some of this
is because smart analysts are saying
things like oh we thought it would come
a year earlier or we thought it would I
don't know look different or something
but um I have no idea why the stock is
down when they just introduced a really
solid plan to be the biggest company of
all
time changing the
world we'll
see uh also speaking of Elon Musk he
said said that Joe Rogan is definitely
going to interview Trump before the
election how big an audience is that
going to
be so it's kind of funny it hasn't
happened but Joe Rogan and Trump makes
sense and I guess we'll see it before
the election oh my God that would be
such a viewing experience I can't
wait
Politico says that Tim wals is going to
launch a media blitz to and I quote
Politico woo male
voters so Tim wals is going to woo male
voters can I give some
advice I'd like to give some advice to
the
Democrats um it's advice about um male
human
beings you know what doesn't work for
men wooing we we're not really big on
the
wooing sometimes we do some wooing but
we're not really big on getting
wood when uh somebody says to me Scott
what's your love language you know what
I never say getting
wooed yeah oh man if somebody Woos me
male or female I don't care who it is if
they woo me well I just melt like like
ice cream on the sidewalk of something
warm
yeah no um Democrats let me give you
some advice the
wooing is the wrong Vibe if you want men
there is one absolutely guaranteed
Surefire way to get men to
follow you have to be a
leader
boom men follow
leaders and do you know what happens if
there's no leader
we become one men have two modes follow
and
Lead mostly I mean there are some
situations where we'll sort of Pardon
her equally but generally speaking if
you're a man you want some kind of
order and you'll take the order if
someone else is in charge if they're if
they're good at it they have to be good
at it and if somebody is not good at
being in charge you will kill them and
take their spot it's just
biological you either leave me or I'm
going to kill
you I mean you I'm speaking a little bit
hyperbolically not necessarily kill but
replace so the only thing that the
Democrats can do to increase the number
of Voters would be to be good leaders
apparently that's off the table they got
a woo a woo woo now here's my second
advice to Politico you know you think
Politico maybe is a little bit left
leaning I don't know
but the photo that somebody chose to go
with the with the headline wals to do a
media Bliss to woo male voters is the
gayest photo you've ever seen of
wals now I'm not saying he's gay I'm
saying that if you saw that photo you'd
think so so how can you take a
heterosexual
man and find the one photo that makes
him look gay as hell and then I'll do
the impression
see here's here's what a straight man
looks like when he's waving to the crowd
okay you're right straight man waving to
the
crowd that's straight band waves to the
crowd all right now I'd like to do Tim
Walls waving to the
crowd now I can't quite pull off the
full
look but the body language is the least
masculine thing you've ever seen in your
life not necessarily gay but let's say
the masculinity is not pouring out of
his
pores so that's pretty hilarious and
everybody was commenting at it had like
photos of popcorn because they think
that nothing could be possibly more
entertaining than watching Tim wols try
to act like a heterosexual
male anyway I don't I I don't know
anything about his sexuality I just know
that his his body language is not
compatible with his stated sexual
preference which is there's no way you
can ignore it I'm not going to ignore
that right so I'm not making any
accusations and by the way you know that
I don't judge so I wouldn't care if he's
gay if if he were gay and said I'm gay
and I'm running for vice president I'd
never even bring it up I'd be like okay
moving on so it has has nothing to do
with his sexual preference it has only
to do with the the difference between
what he says he is and the way he
presents that's the only that's the only
thing that's worth
noting anyway uh according to rasmuson
uh Vance is ahead of walson favorability
so now that the debate has happened
people have seen both of them a little
bit uh 50% of likely voters like uh
think they have a favorable View evance
and only 42% view wals
favorably does that surprise
you after you saw the debate are you
surprised that there's a substantial
difference in
preference
nope no there there should not be any
surprise there at
all well according to a study uh trust
and doctors and hospitals is way down
because of the p pandemic it's way down
in every every demographic group and uh
it's both doctors and hospitals the
trust is way down so it went from 72%
having trust in their doctors and
hospitals in 2020 all the way down to
40% it went from 72 to 40% trust in
doctors and
Hospitals now let me ask you this how
many of you have had this conversation
with your doctor lately because I
have blah blah blah this is what would
be a good idea for you
me I don't really trust the medical uh
process
anymore that's something I actually said
to my doctor I said nothing personal but
I don't trust anything about the medical
process anymore now what I meant was
that the doctor worked for Kaiser you
know big Healthcare HMO situation and
anybody who's been with any big
organization knows that the doctor would
be constrained by what the larger
organization he works for allows him to
say and also allows him to
recommend and given that I'm not
necessarily wanting to be limited in
Ever by what he's allowed to say and but
what by what he's allowed to recommend I
just wanted to put down a stake and say
I don't trust the system I trust
probably you but I don't trust that you
can operate freely within this
system so I'm not going to necessarily
take medical recommendations on face
value I'm going to do a whole bunch of
research and I'm going to make my own
decision so that's the speech I give to
doctors
now I just wonder if any of you are
doing the same because it just doesn't
feel like just take what they recommend
it just doesn't feel like that's the
right thing to do anymore you got to get
a lot of opinion
before you feel like you know anything
about
anything anyway in related news Science
Daily says that uh there's a new extra
sensitive robot finger that is so
sensitive it can take a patient's pulse
and check for
lumps so the finger can like I guess
just put a finger on some part of your
body and check your pulse and it can
check for
lumps um
I for one cannot wait to get fingered by
my robot
doctor um I don't know if you saw a
video of D JD Vance at an event and
there was a a very very large
woman that they placed on the stage
behind him so you know how politicians
always look like to have a diverse set
of um supporters who are behind them on
the stage so that when you're looking
you you could say oh people of all color
and types and genders they they like
this
candidate so they had uh
one very large
woman uh of the diverse demographic and
the diverse woman who weighed something
like 400 PBS uh crushed her chair while
JD
was she crushed her chair she was just
sitting there and all of a sudden
she crushed
it so
JD being quick on his feet you know he
immediately stopped what he was doing
because he thought somebody was in
trouble and so he leapt to his feet to
see what he could do now the first thing
you like about that is that something
dangerous happened and you heard
somebody you know scream out and JD was
immediately on his feet and facing the
problem like that feels like military
training right you could easily imagine
that if there's a loud scream behind you
in the context of people being you know
attempted to be assassinated on his very
team that the first thing you do is hit
the
ground or that you would like look to
get away from it or something he turned
immediately toward it you and it was
behind him so just seeing the the first
instinct of trump which was to get up
and yell fight fight fight it's just so
revealing and then you see the first
instinct of Vance when there was trouble
is to go toward it he went toward it so
I love that who who knows if it's you
know really revealing his inner inner
character or something but this is
somebody who joined the military you
know the Marines that that certainly
suggests that he's a person who can run
toward trouble
but uh one thing I know is if uh RFK Jr
doesn't get elected there's going to be
a lot more broken chairs because our
food supply is completely botched and uh
I don't even blame the people who were
you know uh way overweight as this
particular woman was because I think our
food system is so broken that some
percentage of Americans just don't have
chance I mean they don't have access to
Whole Foods and you know that maybe not
the same same knowledge of what the food
is doing to them so yeah our food is
really dangerous to at least half of
Americans who haven't figured out a way
around it and the other half are
probably in trouble
too um but Vance was smart and he blamed
he he cleverly blamed KL Harris for
building the platform so instead of
blaming the person who was too have for
a regular chair he he blamed the
platform not the chair and he blamed it
on Harris which in the context of a
political campaign got a real good laugh
but it was smart that he you know he put
the attention on Harris instead of the
individual nicely
done um by the way just to be clear um I
don't I don't do fat shaming but the
story is that an American ate American
food until broke so my focus here is on
the food supply and the fact that we are
not a healthy country that that's where
I'm
looking um you may have noticed that the
polls seem to have dramatically shifted
in Trump's
favor right on
time how many of you are convinced that
in the middle of October you have known
for at least a year that no matter what
the poll say until then they would start
to shift toward Trump toward the end now
maybe not shift toward him so that
you'll see the as a commanding lead by
election day but he doesn't need one you
know
why do you know what it means if Trump
is up by one or two nationally that's a
landslide if a republican is up by one
or even tied uh in the National vote
that's a strong indication of a
landslide in the Electoral College
so in order for I think Trump beat
Hillary when Hillary had a pretty solid
lead in the overall
vote
so here's what uh is really jumping at
at me you've noticed that con Harris
keeps saying that she has a problem with
men and that the male male vote is just
really obviously different than the
female vote let me ask you this question
if I said you I want you to choose the
gender that is more likely to lie to a
pollster when they call your
house who's it going to be the man or
the
woman the Republican man or the
Republican woman who's going to lie to
the
pollster it's the
man that's we do that it's who we are if
we think we can get a strategic
Advantage by lying to a pollster oh
we'll definitely do it with any
reservation whatsoever right it won't
even feel like lying it'll just feel
like
strategy and the the uh the Democrats
have all figured out by now that the
so-called shy Trump supporter is not
hypothetical do you do you remember in
the first election so before the
election of
2016 uh I was very loudly and publicly
saying that there was a shy Trump
contingent and they were going to
surprise in the end and there was and
they did and it took a while but
eventually the media agreed
yeah there really were a lot of trump
supporters who were
hidden now in 20120 even though Trump
lost they found the same thing so in
other words even though he lost the
polls were way off in terms of his male
support
so right now the polls show that Trump
is slightly ahead in I think six of the
seven swing States and slightly had in
the National
polls do you know what that means when
you add the shy Trump supporters if he's
already ahead in all the in all of the
me the metrics that
matter he's never been there
before Trump has never been lead in the
polls and on top of it Shy Trump
supporters we've never been here
before so you're looking at a total
collapse of the Harris campaign the next
week you're going to see collapse the
the the pollsters will start uh being a
little more honest in the reporting some
of the ones who haven't weighed in will
have to you will see that uh the the
older polls stop start dropping off the
averages right they'll focus on the
newer ones and there will be a dominant
position that Trump will have before the
shy Trump voters if he's ahead on
everything that matters and he will
be and they haven't even counted the shy
Trump
supporters he he's got it in the
bag but that doesn't mean he's going to
win doesn't mean that at all
let me tell you what uh Adam Townsen
said uh so Adam Townsen you should
follow him on X if you're not he posted
uh there's a 100% chance the Democrats
will use overseas ballots and other
tactics to steal an election do you
agree with that do you agree that the
odds are
100% And and we even know how they're
going to do it the overseas ballots
would be the biggest part probably so do
you agree with the with the estimate of
100% odds of
cheating I do how many things are
100% you you know that i' love to talk
in
percentages I I don't use 100% very
often would you agree if you've been
watching me for years how often do I say
there's 100% something will
happen not often like even when I'm
really really sure I try to keep it to
99 or
95 Adam townend one of the smartest guys
you'll ever know says 100% chance
they're going to try to
cheat with overseas
ballots I
agree it's
100% I don't know how there could be any
other possibility
really and uh and he
asks and then he points out further that
they're they clearly plan to exhaust all
Republican and public effort to
challenge them run out the clock with
favorable press and call anybody
dissenting a Neo-Nazi
Etc again
100% 100% that's going to happen
100% And he asked uh what's the RNC plan
to counter it and mobilize Mass Street
protest of course we're not going
to um and and he he mocks the republ
Republicans for being so proud that
Scott presler is registering lots of
Republicans which he is he's doing an
amazing job but is that going to be
enough if the cheat is on no it won't be
enough so he says two
words that are the most important two
words you need to know about what's
going to happen on Election Day and the
few days after that two
words now what
now
what I don't
know I don't know the the wild card is
whether there's anything that the
Republicans are doing Laura Trump and
all of her attorneys and Watchers is
there anything they're doing that could
detect this uh at a scale where the
courts would say oh okay wow this is so
bad we we have to put a stop to
this maybe but since we don't know
exactly the nature of the cheating in
all the places it could be caught is it
even possible if if a million votes came
in from overseas that you know were a
million more than we expected and they
didn't have proper anything on
them would it
matter would would the Watchers be able
to look at the overseas votes and say oh
these don't look good to us and even if
they didn't look good don't they get
counted anyway and if they get counted
anyway then don't you have to then you
have an election result and they would
call comml Harris as the winner when if
we ever had somebody called the winner
and have it
reversed in American history that's
never happened right nobody's ever been
declared the winner on Election Day and
then oh we checked a little did a little
more checking we reversed it I don't
think we have reversible
elections I think whoever is called the
winner on Election Day is simply going
to take the
job I think that's that's where we're at
and it's because we don't have a system
that can correct it within the short
period of time and with the tools that
are available the courts that we don't
have any tools to correct it I don't
think unless again unless the RNC with
you know Watley and Trump uh have done
such a good job that they can look
behind you know they can look around
corners and they can see in the darkness
where nobody else can see and I don't
know how you do it I mean I I don't know
how there's any practical way you could
catch the cheating in time that anything
useful could be done about
it but uh we'll see so what now I think
is the uh the big question I don't think
Republicans are going to take to the
street because January 6 was such a
chilling thing you could see that the
gapo will round you up and put you in
jail uh so I don't know I really don't
know what's going to happen I've told
you the whole time that when I when I
try to imagine the future after the
election I don't see
anything and I've never had that before
it's just like a black box now I have
complete confidence that Trump will get
the most natural
votes that I have confidence
in but who actually takes the job no
idea no idea
uh k Harris was talking to uh Hispanic
crowd at
Univision and uh she says very clearly
that she's trying real hard to get a
pathway to citizenship for all the
people in this country which means
voting so as others have said uh you're
saying it directly and out
loud that the she doesn't say this this
is the point of it but you can sort of
assume this that the point of the
migration was just to help Democrats win
elections and hold power and that none
of what they said was true except
that it's what it looked
like um she was asked about grocery
prices and she said she was born in the
middle class and she would never forget
it and she wants an opportunity economy
all right let's be honest she is a
and we've never had a run for
president have we like an actual
she is a dumb person like Trump calls
her out for a low IQ and of course you
know somebody's going to say it's sexist
or racist but the fact is you can just
observe that she's not a high IQ
individual she's dumb she's
dumb and surprised me because you know
years ago when I was see her operate you
know at these hearings and stuff and
when she was a Senator I thought she was
is a pretty good operator but she's
super
dumb like actually just
dumb well the Atlantic that's a
publication uh sort of um Charlie warzel
writes that uh Free Speech was and is an
unmitigated disaster and we need to
really aggressively uh get some
aggressive government regulations on the
speech platforms because the free market
doesn't work and it never will in terms
of free speech so there is a democratic
message that they'd like to end free
speech and they'd like to bring in Alien
um illegal aliens to take your jobs and
vote uh vote your money
way and the Democrats are saying it
pretty directly it's pretty direct they
want to take your free speech they want
to take your guns and they want to make
sure that your vote doesn't count
because it'll bring in lots of illegals
and it also gives them an ability to
create their own illegal
votes so they're saying it
directly you you can't say that they
didn't warn
you they did they're warning you plenty
they're saying exactly what they plan to
do anyway um according to Zero Hedge
there's a what's called an anti-hate art
exhibit in La so if you were going to do
an anti-hate art exhibit what would be
some things that would in be included
well you probably have a long list of
things you would include if you were
doing an anti-hate Art Exhibit but this
particular
anti-hate Art Exhibit includes a
uh a head of Donald Trump that is either
rubber or something that you can kick
around so they had a game that involved
using Donald Trump's head as a soccer
B this is for the
anti-hate Art
Exhibit so the anti-hate people were
teaching people to hate white people and
Trump in
particular at the
anti-hate Art
Exhibit now have I ever
mentioned that Tucker Carlson was
completely right even though I mocked
him for years when he said that the
Democrats will accuse you of doing
exactly what they're doing right in
front of you while they're accusing you
and I said to myself that's stupid
they're not going to be doing exactly
the thing that they're accusing you of I
mean how stupid would that be you
couldn't accuse people of hate while
running uh oh okay yeah the Art Exhibit
is accusing people of doing exactly what
they're
doing but thank God nobody else is doing
that thank God
next story Obama is blaming black men
for being too sexist and not supporting
KL Harris oh he talked to at some
college and he said quote the brothers
are not turning out for KL Harris like
they did for him and they think he
thinks it might be because they're not
comfortable with a a woman as
president yeah he
actually decided to uh be a racist
against black people
what is it that the Democrats accuse the
Republicans of oh yeah it's being racist
against black
people so Obama tells some black men
that they're bigots against women and
that that's that's why they won't have
nice
things oh my God Tucker Carlson was so
right so now that now they're turning on
each
other but there's they're keeping it
racist and sexist so it's racist and
sexist and you know Trump's never
mentioned anything along those lines at
all all right and then Obama of course
was taking credit for the
economy um here's my take I think that
immigration ruined the Democrats
narrative that uh our country was a
competition between black and white
people now a competition between white
people and everybody else too but it
feel like it felt like the the major
Focus was that uh the world was black
against white in the United
States and then the Border
opened and a bunch of people who are
neither black nor white in the
traditional way um are coming across the
border and getting lots of resources
that black people say hey we could
really use those resources
and so the whole black versus white
model just fell apart because it was
never real it was never
real and now it's just obvious because
you know the money is involved you know
huge transfers of money away from either
white or black Americans and toward the
migrant group and so what do people say
when they have a common
enemy well you're my friend
now so there is a common enemy and I
don't mean the migrants I mean the
system that would allow some you know
favor favorable treatment to some group
that's not already here so the problem
is the system not the people I like to
make that distinction in all things it's
the system it's not the
people all
right um Jamie
Rasin who is one of the people who is
really big on Trump being a
insurrectionist and January 6 was
terrible and who could ever challenge an
election and who would ever interfere
with an election and the will of the
people and somebody finally asked him if
he would certify a trump win even if the
even if it didn't
look like it was a fair election and you
know what he
said uh I'm paraphrasing by the way just
paraphrasing he he said something to the
effect of you know if it looked like a
good erection if it if it looked like a
good election then of course he would
certify him
oh rasing you
rascal you know what your next question
is going to be what if it doesn't look
like an historically typical election
and Trump wins and notice my careful
wording it doesn't look like the same
patterns we've ever seen in the past and
then Trump
wins would you certify his election
Jamie Rasin if the voting pattern you
saw did not match what you expected
or what a normal election normally looks
like what's he going to
say well he's going to say
no he's going to say if the election
doesn't look Fair we're going to have to
look into it before we certify it what
does that sound like that's January 6
this is the kill shot and by the way the
fact that it took this long to
find that kill shot that I've been
telling you about for I don't know how
long is really really disappointing me
about the Republicans get this
guy on camera and all the other
January 6 people and you ask this
question if Trump wins and the election
does not look like it was copasetic to
you will you certify him anyway you
 you
will you certify him if it doesn't look
like a good election to you because
that's what 2020 looked like to a lot of
people
didn't look fair so you tell me you
 you
you tell me you going to certified if it
looks wrong to you get on video
oh that's your
killshot that's your
killshot meanwhile Trump giving a speech
on energy says he'll cut the energy
costs and electricity in half within 12
months he'll expedite environmental
approvals double electricity capacity
drive down inflation make America and
Michigan the best place in Earth to
build a factory well that sounds a
little
hyperbolic but I don't mind it all I
don't mind it all do you think he's
going to get uh Energy prices cut in
half in 12 months no I don't think so do
you think he'll do everything that would
be a smart thing to to do if you wanted
to lower energy prices yes uhhuh yep I
think you'll do that right that's what
I'm asking for am I asking specifically
to cut electricity and energy in half
and 12 months no it'd be great if he
could do it but I don't think he can do
it I don't think anybody can do anything
in 12 months but is he going to do
everything that a leader should do and
all the things that Harris is not doing
yes yes he is and we know that because
we know exactly what he likes to do and
we know it works so yes uh I don't mind
one bit if he is exaggerating what he
can do in 12 months that's the president
I want you know what I don't want oh I
think I could take it down 10% in four
years if I work really hard no no tell
me you can do better than that tell me
you can do 30% nope not good enough tell
me you can bring it down 50
percent. I don't believe it but I love
that you said it I love that you said it
even though I don't believe
it that's fine I want my leaders to
thing big I want them to reach as far as
I can reach fight as hard as I can fight
do everything they can do and
overclaim go ahead overclaim I'm good
with that because maybe it'll help us
you know perform a little better It's
Not Unusual in leadership and motivation
to overclaim which one's a
leader Trump
Trump I told you that men don't need to
be wooed we need a leader you're going
to do what you're going to cut my
electricity in half and you tell me how
you're going to do it with expedited
environmental approvals and and
basically lower regulations and oh okay
that's leadership I'm in I'm in yeah and
if you didn't do this if you didn't do
this then I'm Your Leader because I'm
not going to be leader less either be
the leader or I'm going to be the leader
and don't woo me I don't need to
be wooed I need a leader it's either
somebody else or me and every man is
saying the same thing all right I like a
leader so I could just do my own life
but if you can't give me a leader I'm
gonna have to do it because
we're biologically built that way that
we won't be leaderless we just won't do
it Trump's a leader that's what it looks
like that's perfect
leadership EX exactly what he's going to
do exactly the right
priorities will it be 50% in 12 months I
doubt it but I love that he says it I
love that he says
it meanwhile a judge Chuck
can is an Obama she is it an Obama
um uh appointed judge and uh she's going
to unseal Jack Smith's quote evidence
against Trump
uh before the
election now you might know that there's
a very long history of the courts and
the FBI and everybody wanting to not
interfere with an election but it's not
a law there's no law that says you can't
do it it's just people who want what's
best for the country know that you don't
want to ruin the electoral process by
throwing some legal stuff in there or
some FBI and stuff in there and that
that's just not good for the country
however judge chuckin apparently doesn't
give a what's good for the country
only what's good for her team and she's
going to unseal that Evans and October
surprise but here's the joke on
them nobody's going to believe the
October
surprise no nobody really cares about
the details in this thing and there's
probably nothing in there that's
especially damning anyway so I'm not
sure it'll make any
difference but they can write anything
in there and there won't be time to
legally
disputed so just the fact that people
will have heard the
accusations is so slimy so dirty so
obviously uh interfering with an
election in a way that should be illegal
and this is one of those weird cases
where I'm absolutely positive that the
judge should be in jail for this and I'm
absolutely positive that Trump should
not be guilty of
anything based on what I've seen so how
often have you seen a case where you're
pretty sure that judge should be locked
up immediately and that the defendant
should be set free I've never seen one I
I've never even heard of that I mean
I've seen bad judges but usually the
defendant is guilty
too I've never seen the case where the
judge should obviously go to jail I mean
just obviously there's no crime that I'm
aware of but the Badness of with which
she's acting is on a level that you
should think oh somebody acting that
poorly uh and
anti
socially you wish they're in jail but
there's no law against it as far as I
know all
right um the betting markets are uh an
awack with the polling at the moment
quite an awack because the polling says
it'll be close but the betting Market
says no way Trump's up 13 points on the
betting markets and that happened fairly
recently so it's a little bit closer and
then bam big difference why do you think
there's a big difference suddenly go in
the comments I want you to give me your
opinion of why it suddenly changed and
then I'll tell you the correct
answer the correct answer
is uh the that people have different
information when people had all the same
information about the candidates and the
polling the the betting markets and the
polling weren't too far
off but that's not the case now the
people who have access to the internal
polling see that Trump has a dominant
position the people who only have access
to the public polling still think it's
close so whenever you have this
situation which is not which is an
unusual one it's unusual that there' be
some subset of betters who would have
way better information than the other
subset of betters when you've got some
betters who know the real answer and
some betters don't Boop you're going to
see you're going to see that jump so
what you're seeing is that the the
people who have access to the internal
polling are betting strong on Trump
because they know he's way ahead the
people who have only access to the
public polling are still saying well
Democrats have a good ground game so I
think
K is going to pull it out so I think the
entire thing is that the Insiders now
have special knowledge about the extent
of the difference I believe the Harris
campaign is in now the beginning of what
will be a complete collapse in the next
week within the next week all the polls
will true up because it's the middle of
the month and it's too close to the
election to Let It Go on any further so
that's when complete collapse happens
and you're going to see a level of
finger pointing by the Democrats I think
the Democrats will fairly
quickly uh abandon the normal rhetoric
and start pointing fingers at each other
so that the important thing is they know
who was responsible for the loss that's
coming now at the same time that those
Democrats are thinking oh damn we lost I
also think I agree with Adam Townsen
that there's some other group of just
criminals just pure criminals that are
not working with the leadership it's
like the you know the Democrat
leadership maybe one of them is but in
general they're not having conversations
with anybody who's planning to uh throw
the election so if you didn't have any
direct contact with anybody on your team
who is literally planning to throw the
election and the only polling you saw
look terrible for your candidate you
would start pointing fingers because you
think oh shoot we're going lose this we
I the only thing I can the only thing I
can get out of this is try to not have
my reputation go down so people are
going to point at K Harris's campaign
they're going to point at Biden they're
going to point at Obama Obama's going to
point at black men uh women are going to
blame
men uh pollsters are going to
blamed so next week oh it's going to be
fun total
collapse follow followed by the finger
pointing but we still don't know who's
going to
win because Adam Townson has the right
take on this the the votes I don't think
are going to be the thing that
determines who
wins anyway um do you know a there's a
uh I guess I have to say he's black
because that's just part of the story uh
T Tony
coats I guess you call him an activist
and he's saying some things about Israel
and the Palestinians that are getting
people all worked up so I said to myself
oh I think I'll weigh into this and
cause some trouble no I just thought the
some clarifications were in order let me
ask you this so he said something that
got taken out of context in my opinion
um that he that he wouldn't
be he said that he could imagine that if
he had had and I'm paraphrasing here he
said that if he could imagine
what it was like to be a Palestinian
living under the conditions that the uh
gazin were living under that he couldn't
rule out the fact that he might have
been persuaded to participate in
something like an October 7th surprise
as a
Palestinian now most people good people
the people who don't like terrorism and
violence and the people who love Israel
quite reasonably said said um did you
just
say that if people were persuasive you
might become a
terrorist really and how could you even
how could you even say that how could
you say that in public unless you were
you know a little bit
anti-semitic because who who goes in
public and
says under the right conditions I would
have been one of the Hamas
terrorists is that something you say in
public
well I'm going to surprise you and
disappoint some of you I totally agree
with them
100% but not because of anything about
politics not anything about Hamas or
Israel or Jews or Palestinians my
opinion has nothing to do with the
people
involved it's just that you can
brainwash anybody to do
anything did you not know that you can
brainwash anybody to to do
anything always everywhere all through
time that's never been different do you
think that the German citizens who got
convinced to do horrible things do you
think that they were all born horrible
people no no they had a certain set of
influences do you think that the uh
Manson family the members who were not
Charles Manson do you think every one of
them was a murderous
psychopath not not always not always
they were put in a position of
brainwashing and became that so when T
Hy coat says that he could imagine that
if he were in a certain set of
circumstances that he would have been
one of the terrorists I'm going to agree
with him totally I I could have been I
could totally imagine that if I were in
a certain set of circumstances where
brainwashing was being you know deeply
applied every day since I was born
absolutely yeah so I'm going to back
toesy on this one opinion again it has
nothing to do with Jews or Palestinians
has nothing to do with Israel has
nothing to do with the Palestinians has
nothing to do with Hamas not even
talking about that just this one point
could any regular good human be turned
into a murderous monster yes yes all of
us every one of
us yeah
guaranteed yeah you just have to start
from birth it's all it takes the
Palestinians have been trained since
birth so there there's no mystery to it
there's no secret technique there's no
magic they use there's no there's no
like oh it's only because these three
amazing coincidences happened no this is
the most ordinary thing in the world
that anybody can be turned into a
psychopathic murder if you don't know
that a lot of the world will be
confusing to
you so let me be clear I don't know what
else to
AI coach says about anything else I'm
sure I don't agree with it all so I'm
not you know backing him in all of his
opinions I'm just saying anybody can be
brainwashed to become a murderer if you
have enough time and you put enough
effort into
it however he did raise this question
and this will be something about the the
media
um
landscape so as carefully as I can say
this nothing that I say next will be
justifying uh terrorism or murder but it
might sound like that because that's
what he got blamed on so I'm going to
walk into the same trap he walked into
because here's why I'm doing it I'm
doing it because I don't like the fact
that he was treated the way he was for
the ordinary part of his opinion he's
got some opinions you're not going to
like he's got some opinions I don't
like but not this one and I've got to
make a distinction there so here's
another thing he said he described uh
the difficulty and what would appear to
be
discrimination of the Palestinians
compared to the Israeli citizens now
talking about both in Israel but also in
the West Bank so how many of you know
the details of that how many of you if I
said to you hey can you describe what
are the Palestinians even complaining
about like what's going on that
would make you want to behave badly now
here's the important part I don't
think that the bad treatment from the
allegedly bad treatment from Israel is
why the attacks
happened I think it supported them but
it's not why they happened the why it
happened had to do with the religious
interpretations and Israel did not give
the religious interpretations to the
Palestinians they gave that to
themselves so the reason for it is the
religious interpretation but it is
certainly
supported by the population who says yes
we have some real
complaints how many of you if you were
asked could describe the real complaints
that the Palestinians have in their
situation now again I want to be
careful they could be real complaints
but not necessarily Israel's fault and
the way that would work is that Israel
has a totally dangerous situation where
there are too many terrorists that they
can't identify in the within the Normal
public so they're acting in a way that
you wouldn't want anybody to act unless
they were trying to save their lives
which is exactly what they're trying to
do they're trying to save their own
lives and that requires something a
little less than a lot less than uh you
know full equal freedom and treating
everybody the
same but how many of you have even seen
a news story in which somebody said well
we certainly don't support any of the
violence but it should be said that the
conditions partly mostly it's the
religious interpretation but partly the
you know the way people are treated
differently on the ground might be part
of the story could you do
it I couldn't so I went to chat GPT and
they said said tell me what the
Palestinian complaints are and it was a
pretty long explanation it was stuff
like um inability to travel with the
same Freedom as the Israelis again
that's because it's
dangerous it's it's not random
discrimination the Israelis know that if
you let Israelis travel wherever they
want the Israelis don't blow stuff up
but if you let the Palestinians travel
wherever they want one of them is going
to come in with a
weapon and they don't want one person to
come in with the weapon I don't so that
would require some differential
treatment between the demographic groups
which is discriminatory and if it
happened to you when you couldn't get
where you wanted you'd be really really
mad at the people were stopping you if
you were not personally violent you'd be
like I didn't do anything you're just
discriminate what I can't go on this
road are you telling me that only
Israeli Jews can go on this road or
maybe Israeli citizens I'm not sure
um so it's complicated but if you've
never heard the story of what they're
like actual legitimate citizen
complaints are then you wouldn't
understand the full situation now let me
go back to a point I've made in the
past we we all like to live in a world
where there rulle R and people act
ethically and people act
morally there is an exception to that do
you remember what the exception is where
you can act immorally and unethically
and even
illegally it's
self-defense if self-defense is what
we're talking about you can do anything
you want and in my
view Israel who is taking a self-defense
rationally logically obviously Common
Sense they're taking a self-defense
posture
and in some situations such as
determining who can freely use a road it
requires some
discrimination now I'm not favoring it
I'm just saying that if you're going to
um if you're going to be mad at somebody
for
self-defense you're off base and it's
the same argument about the
Border I want the Border sealed tight as
a Nat's ass
but would that be discrimination against
you know the good people who just want
to be American citizens and work and add
to the tax base yeah yeah it would be a
little some would say unethical or
immoral to discriminate against 99
people to stop that one cartel uh or
Venezuelan gang member to come over you
know you're you're basically treating a
100 people like the one bad one that's
in the batch I'm okay with that
no problem with that nope is it immoral
unethical I don't
care why would I care if if it saves me
from being
killed be unethical be immoral violate
your Bible if you like if it keeps me
from getting killed of course so I'm
going to apply the same standard to
Israel which is if I watch anybody doing
anything that looks unethical or immoral
to somebody else but it's also clearly
keeping the people safe who are doing it
I'm going to say none of my business
none of my business because you know
what else is none of anybody else's
business is what I do to keep myself
safe none of your
business nobody's business but mine so
same situation so it's complicated and I
think it's fair if you want to
understand the situation to see that
they're
legitimate complaints from the citizens
of the Palestinian situation but in my
opinion the source of their complaints
is their own
people if if the Palestinians rooted out
the um the terrorists within their ranks
taught their children not to be
dangerous in these situations then
eventually they would solve their own
problem and Israel would say huh
nobody's attacked us like a terrorist
and 10 years why do we have these
roadblocks it's not helping anybody so
they get rid of the
roadblocks so the Palestinians have a
lot of
control over their
situation but it's going to look like
Israel is the bad guy because they're
the ones putting the force down but
self-defense there there's no argument
against self-defense that makes any
sense so so that's the
situation I hope hope I Nuance that
enough so I don't get double cancelled
by the end of the day and ladies and
gentlemen I think I've said enough for
today too much maybe um I'm going to
talk to the subscribers on locals
privately so the rest of you who are on
X and
Rumble and uh X and Rumble and YouTube
I'll see you later you uh you can see
over my shoulder no that shoulder the
2025 Dilbert calendar now for sale at
dilbert.com it's the only place you can
find the link to buy it it's not on
Amazon and it won't be it's not in
bookstores and it won't be it's only in
one place online at the link dilbert.com
it's right at the top you'll find it and
then I've reintroduced my book wi bigley
that you see behind me this is the
second edition so if you tried if you're
trying to understand
persuasion you can learn persuasion to
use it yourself by listening to the
story about Trump and 2016 little bit of
updates in the book but mostly about the
prior election and you can see all the
tricks of persuasion and you can learn
them for yourself a lot of people say it
changes their life once you learn how
persuasion Works you're just better at
everything all right that's all for
now coming at you locals it's going to
take about 30 seconds for the change to
take place and in that
30
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e e