that's
[Music]
[Music]
weird good morning everybody and welcome
to the highlight of human civilization
so far it's called coffee with Scott
Adams and there's never been a finer
time in the history of the 13.9 billion
years of this universe and before that
but if you'd like to take this up to a
level that no one's ever seen all you
need for that is a cuper marker a glass
of tankered chalice time a Canen jug or
flask a vessel V kind fill it with your
favorite liquid I like coffee and join
me now for the unparallel pleasure the
doine here of the day thing makes
everything better it's called the
simultaneous sip it happens
now yeah we we're all good now it's all
coming
together all right let's look at the
news the silly
stuff and the serious
stuff well I like to follow uh the AI
news on several accounts on the
xplatform one of them is Rowan Chung
who's a good follow C hu n g Rowan Rowan
Jung anyway he reports that apple is
reportedly building a uh llm so an AI
that will be completely on the device so
your phone will not have to talk to
anything to be smart it will be AI uh on
its
own and that could be a really big deal
if you're not sure why because first of
all the speed would be completely
different if if you've had the
experience of trying to have a
conversation with an
AI here's my impression of it hey AI how
are you this
morning I am very good how are you well
I'm pretty good too uh you know what
what's the news
today the weather will be
59Â° and and that that awkward
pause just completely ruins the
conversational you know element you you
know you're talking to a computer
because of the pause but if it runs all
locally and it's got it the same speed
as conversational
speed it's going to be pretty
awesome all right and uh it will give
you better privacy
presumably are you following the story
of Grace price so she's the teenage kid
who's well I don't know teenage is she
still a kid I don't know if she's 18 or
not but uh she's got a documentary about
how our lifestyle and food especially
are G giving us cancer and she had a
stat that she has from a source she
didn't make it up herself that says that
up to 95% of cancer is caused by your
lifestyle and environmental factors and
there's a pool of studies that show that
that's the case does that sound right
right to you yeah Grace price is her
name do you think that 95% of cancer is
caused by lifestyle in
food it's not impossible
yeah it to me it sounds
high but not crazy like it it could be
it could be that
High um but here's what I feel about her
you know when when Greta was talking
about climate
change I thought to myself this isn't
really helping because I want to hear
from you know scientists and people who
know what they're talking about uh but
then but but then when Grace price does
her thing I'm totally
board should I be using the same
standard with her as I do with Greta or
is it because I think that Greta might
be wrong and I think that Grace Price is
Right that I'm judging her expertise by
just confirmation bias and the answer is
yes that's exactly what I'm
doing but I'm aware of it you know that
sometimes the best you can do about your
own bias is just to do a little audit
and say to yourself all right if this
situation were a little different or or
if this person telling me were a little
different would I be receiving this
differently and the answer is yes yes
yeah so basically I'm hearing what I
want to hear from Grace Pryce and so to
me it all looks very scientific and and
factual and by the way I really think
that but I'm also
aware that if I were wrong I would think
the same thing so so I've got that
little bit of just a little bit of self
filter but it's not stopping me I still
say she looks right to
me but just be aware of
it well I think the concept the uh the
topic of loneliness is becoming a bigger
and bigger issue and I think it it's
there's no end in sight for that there's
nothing that looks like it's changing it
immediately it will get fixed like
everything you we'll we'll fix the
loneliness problem but uh even Kathy
Griffin uh was saying in public and
somehow I think this is useful um I like
it when public
figures talk about their own experience
I like it less when public figures tell
me what kind of apples to eat and stuff
like that because I think they're
outside their expertise but when
somebody just tells me about their own
experience and it's some Universal
relatable thing yeah yeah do that please
so here's what Kathy Griffin says and by
the way I remind you I know that a lot
of you have a political opinion about
her that's negative but I've worked with
her she was the voice of Alice in the
Dilbert animated show and uh I really
like her so Kathy Griffin in person very
very likable you'd like her to anyway
she says I guess she got divorced
recently she says divorced women I'm
talking to you I am four months divorced
and I feel weak because I just can't get
used to waking up alone in the hotel
room
uh blah blah blah and I'm having trouble
adjusting any you ladies out there you
got to uh how did you get to a place
where you can enjoy waking up alone and
she has some dogs she brings one with
her she says now without dwelling on her
specific case I like the fact that she
could be a famous public figure and that
she can say with great vulnerability
that loneliness is like a it's really a
crippling problem for a lot of people
now the only thing I can add to this
story that would be useful is that um as
you know I have a subscription service
on the locals platform Scott adams.
locals.com many of them are watching
right now but I also do a uh for the
subscribers I do a private manave just
about every night from my garage SL
manave and although I didn't design it
this way it wasn't designed for this
purpose um
There's A good rule in marketing that
the audience tells you what your product
is if you ever heard that you don't tell
what the audience you don't tell your
customers what your product is you try I
mean that's what marketing is but in the
end they tell you what the product is
they tell you why they bought it and
what it's good for and why they're going
to buy it again and apparently the man
cave turned into a lot of people who
don't have anybody to talk to during the
day has something like a personal
experience
because when I do the band caves I'm
just interacting with the with the uh
comments the entire time so it's it's
like a conversation for shy people like
if you're not brave enough to go out and
like make a friend or join a group or
you be part of some larger organization
where you just meet people uh you can do
it with me so i' I've sort of morphed my
ambitions for the mancave which honestly
was just for
me I started doing the band cave just
because I thought it'd be nice to chat
with people and be fun but I've I've
learned that its importance to several
hundred people is that sometimes it's
the only humanlike experience they have
during the entire day the only Human
Experience so it feels like a a
necessity at this point so I'd invite
any of you who want to subscribe to that
it's uh pretty much every night at
different times but California time
usually between 4:30 in 6:30 I
started anyway uh RFK Jr was at a
Michigan rally and he says provocatively
I'm going to put the entire us Budget on
blockchain so that every American can
look at every B budget item in the
entire budget anytime they want 24 hours
a
day and then you can see if things cost
too much or we wasted money now I like
where that's heading and I love how RFK
Jr gets earned media
now whether or not this specific idea is
ever
implemented don't you love the fact that
he said it in
public that this is what I call the the
bad idea that's a good idea meaning that
in a sort of Hollywood writer's terms
sometimes you throw on a bad idea to
give you something to react to and say
well not that but it reminds me of
something that would actually work so I
love the fact he's throwing out this
idea if you're ask me is blockchain the
right way to do it and all that I don't
know I don't know I mean I might my
first instinct is blockchain would
probably just slow it down and I I don't
know exactly what you're buying by
having it on the blockchain so I I'd
have questions about the
specifics but I love the fact that he's
putting it out there and it's
provocative and it makes turns it into a
story so he gets all this free publicity
I'm talking about it in a positive way
but I would go further
if you want to control the
government build a
dashboard if you want to control the
whole
government build a dashboard One
dashboard that shows you the key
political things the budgets the status
the laws that are being you know coming
who voted for what but you'd have to
design it so well that it's not
overwhelming the the way to do it wrong
is there' be a solid page of government
boring data and you'd have to look for
whatever you wanted and it'd be just so
so boring and busy you couldn't use it
but suppose you open it up and it was a
let's say four to six charts that just
showed you the direction of things and
let's say one of the charts is crime so
you could click on it and then you could
explode it by City maybe you could look
at it by you know um Democrat versus
Republican that'd be a little more
provocative but I love to do that to
find out whose policies seem to be
working and imagine if you could just
drill down on all of those questions and
then at the bottom you could get the pro
the best pro and con argument on that
topic so the data itself doesn't tell
you the story you still need the
interpretation but you want the best
ones so imagine if you had that um
dashboard that anybody any citizen can
log into and you can just see everything
that's going on MoneyWise
um I think it'd be
amazing um
anyway so I think whoever builds that
dashboard will necessarily control the
world because what you put on the front
page will be what everybody cares about
so effectively you could front run all
of the
news you could you could make the the
news entities uh useless by Simply
Having a dashboard that wouldn't be the
news per se
but if you were the one who controlled
what got highlighted and what got you
know maybe put down in priority you
would have factly control the country
because if you wanted to highlight for
example we wasted a bunch of money on
this thing you just put on the front
page and say it's just the dashboard so
that's how easy it would be to control
the whole
country um rasmon did some polls on
whether people thought Trump was going
to get a fair trial in New York City 42%
of
us voters think that it's likely Trump
will be able to get a fair trial
42% I don't know how good you are at
math but let me fill you in 42 is less
than half less than half less than half
of the citizens PED in the United States
voters likely
voters don't believe that uh it's even
possible to get a fair trial in New York
City if you're
Trump now how many people do you think
say Not only would Trump get a fair
trial um but it's very likely what
percentage do you think say it's very
likely Trump will get a fair trial in
New York
City let's let's see how close you can
get on this
guess very good very good yeah a lot of
you are guessing 25% and it's
27% it's 27 yeah but I'm going to round
that off and say your 25 is correct and
once again your your Brilliance if not
your sex appeal is coming through again
let let me say that the sapo uh sapo
sexuals who uh were attracted to
intelligent people are probably just
having quite a time now because when
they see how smart you are that you can
answer a question like that with no
prior knowledge you just all knew it was
around the quarter amazing amazing
but uh 51% think that Trump won't get a
fair trial and uh 31% say it's you know
not at all
likely now here's my
thing if you have a situation in which
the general public which is pretty much
paying attention because it's Trump they
are paying
attention if more than half say he can't
get a fair trial how in the world do you
put him in in jail if he's
convicted if more than half of the
people watching say it's probably not
fair how do you do that you can't you
can't maintain the system if you put
them in jail
while than people think it's unfair or
very likely to be
unfair so it seems to me that should be
a grounds for challenging it but I don't
think legally it is is
it I go back to the
the interesting story of how
um speed limits are determined in
residential
neighborhoods I think I've told you this
before maybe it's just a California
thing I don't know but the way they
determine a speed limit in a new road if
it's a residential not not a freeway
because those are just standard speeds
but uh in the neighborhoods they'll
actually monitor how people actually
drive before they put up the speed limit
signs and they say okay it looks like
people just naturally think they can
drive 45 on the street so we'll lower it
to 35 because we know they'll cheat a
little bit so the idea here is that you
create a law that you believe people
will accept as reasonable because you
looked at all the reason subtracted 10
everybody knows you subtracted 10
everybody's happy so a very good way to
run a country is to see if people think
it would be fair and then do the thing
that most people think would be
fair that's stable but if you do the
thing that most people literally
majority think is not likely to be fair
and you do it right in front of them
that's your worst case
scenario worst case scenario they're
doing that right in front of
us well let's talk about the plot to
make biomics look good Zero Hedge is
talking about uh commercial real estate
foreclosures they their highest level in
a decade I don't know how big a deal
that is yet yet if you say the highest
in a decade because we do we do go
through you know periods of better and
worse for Real Estate but uh it's not
good certainly not good and a lot of
people ask the question why don't they
just turn them into public housing you
know why don't you just turn all these
offices into um condos and the answer is
the only way that would work according
to
Goldman is if you drop the prices is
50% so in other words you can charge way
more for a business office per square
foot than you can for a condo so yes
it's physically possible to change them
into housing but you would lose your
entire economic point of it so actually
you can't the only way you can do it is
if I suppose you know everybody who owns
these goes broke and then the value of
the thing goes down and then somebody
buys it for a penny on a dollar and then
they can turned it into residential
housing so uh also wrong Plumbing as as
somebody's pointing out now anything can
be
fixed yeah wrong Plumbing could be
turned into right Plumbing at some
expense but very
expensive all right uh but it does look
like as Zero Hedge notes uh that the fed
and everybody are probably trying to
just push the problem forward so that
trumps in office when it collapses it
looks like set
up it looks like they know it's going to
collapse and they if they could just
hold it off until Trump gets elected
it's his
problem because I I think 90% of
politics is hoping that the economy did
well during your your rule so you can
say it is what you did because I
honestly I can't really think of
anything that bomic
did I mean that you know in theory it
lowered some drug prices but I don't
think that's like you know resounding
through the economy in general so a lot
of it is uh you know this is a the
dilber filter on things things happen
because they're going to happen anyway
and then the leaders take credit for it
that's the way the real world Works
people take credit for things that were
going to happen anyway it's that's how
everything
works so let's check in on the plot to
assassinate Trump now as you know the
plot to assassinate Trump is to make it
look like an accident so they're trying
to um talk him up as a threat to
democracy so that lots of people have a
reason to kill him because they think
he's Hiller so first you create the
motivation and you brainwash you know
millions of people into thinking oh my
God if I could stop Hitler I could do it
so that part we see an action that's the
whole he's trying to ruin um democracy
thing here's AOC talking about it she
said uh Trump who is not uh he he seeks
to dismantle American democracy I am
taking that personally very seriously
because we will not be able to organize
for any movement toward anything if we
are facing the jailing of dissidents
this is the kind of authoritarianism
that he threatens we have to take it
seriously the jailing of
dissidents where have I seen something
like that happen before the jailing of
dissidence well a dissident would be
like a protester a protester where have
I seen a protester being put in jail for
protesting oh the entire January 6 hoax
in which the thoroughly corrupt members
of Congress who should all be in jail
the ones on the January 6 committee
should definitely be in jail and uh if
if Trump only does one thing and he puts
them all in
jail for real crimes I don't want him to
make up any crimes has to be a real
crime but uh that would be one of the
best things that happened in the country
and if it ripped the country tree apart
I'm okay with
that totally down to that see here's the
thing with somebody calling your
bluff you've got to call them on it it's
your only choice otherwise they own you
if people can scare you and Bluff you
and threaten you and make you change
what you do well they own you if you
don't want to be owned you've got to
punch them in the teeth so to speak not
really no violence
so obviously the January 6 people were
jailed for being dissidents uh this is
another case we've seen so many of the
Democrats accusing Republicans of
exactly what they're doing as they're
talking as she's talking her team is
putting dissidents in jail as she's
talking now what would be the example of
where any Republican has put a dissident
in
jail I can't think of any can you think
of any even
one oh maybe a Sange but that wasn't
really just a republican
thing and he wasn't a citizen so that's
a little bit different um and we didn't
put him in jail so that's that is
different all right so so part one of
trying to kill Trump uh is going well
for for the Democrats so because the
Democrats can say this out loud without
being challenged at least
without being challenged on by their own
team they can say that Trump is trying
to dismantle democracy now as Mike Ben
has taught you uh that that creates the
predicate so that the intelligence
people can do everything that they would
do internationally to other countries
they can do internally because hey if
you're trying to save democracy there's
you know you got to pull out all the
stops so this is when you see the
Democrats say he's trying to
get rid of democracy because he's an
authoritarianism uh because of his
authoritarianism you should interpret
that as an OP um it's part of the
brainwashing of America and it's to get
him killed or jailed and that's what it
is and there's there's no other way to
see it really if you're even a little
bit aware of what's
happening so that's now how about the
plot to jail him so Jonathan turle is
talking about that so if they don't jail
him and get him killed in prison they're
going to try to kill him on the outside
by making people think he's
Hiller and also by taking away his
secret service protection so the
Democrats are trying to do all three
paint him his Hiller take away his
secret service protection and just as an
insurance policy try to put him in jail
on fake charges or trumped up
charges so Jonathan turle is talking
about uh the fact that uh brag
the da is uh he's going to start talking
to David pecker who is the uh head of
the national Inquirer who is part of the
story now as Turley points
out uh Pecker's part of the
story um has nothing to do with the
charges do you do you understand that so
pecker had to do with the um suppressing
of the story of St Stormy Daniels but
there are no charges and no law broken
to suppress the story so nobody's in
trouble for suppressing the story and
the one and only thing that David pecker
knows is that part that there was an
effort to suppress the story about
Stormy Daniels but since there's no
crime involved with that and it doesn't
tell you anything about the other crimes
why is that the first
witness why would he be the first
witness if nothing he has to say is
relevant to any of the crimes that are
being charged
well because you're watching a porno and
all pornos start the
same so Bragg is the uh
fluffer and his job is to get uh to get
the uh the pecker situation all firmed
up so he's got to get that pecker
situation all firmed up um so brag being
the fluffer you'll get that going and
that's really just to prepare you for
the we're all going to get
so you always start by firming up the
pecker before giving the good hard
 that the public is is waiting
for and Trump of course so that makes
sense meanwhile on Meet the Press uh the
uh fake news is having trouble
supporting their own fake polls
because here's just here's a current
poll that was presented on uh Meet the
Press so the own people are presenting
their their own results it look like and
I read this on Eric Aban an's post he's
got a he's a good follow too on on
X um so here are some of the things so
comparing Trump to Biden on handling a
crisis Trump is up 46 to
42 who is strong who has a strong record
as president Trump is better 46 to 39
who is competent and effective Trump is
better 47 to 36 that's pretty big
difference un competent and effective
dealing with inflation and cost of
living Trump by a mile 52 compared to 30
and then has the necessary mental and
physical health Trump by a mile 45% to
26 now I don't think you need to brag
about 45% think that you're mentally and
physically capable but in the context of
politics there's a big difference it it
does suggest that even the Democrats
think that Biden is degraded now imagine
if you will that you've pulled the
public on each of these individual
qualities of President and they do look
like the important ones right handling a
crisis strong record competent effective
mentally healthy physical dealing with
inflation and those are the that's those
are important things that's all the big
stuff and Trump dominates all the big
top
so wouldn't that suggest that the
election isn't going to be anywhere near
close what did the polls tell you oh
it's B tie how in the world are we
supposed to believe any of
this that the detailed polling shows
Trump just
annihilating uh Biden on all the
important stuff all of it there's
nothing that Biden's leading on and yet
the the polls are be close Biden's
actually leading in some
polls how how in the world can we
explain this
polling it looks like the polling is
completely fake at least some of it I
mean I assume that the the top number is
the fake if if the bottom number shows
that Trump is leading on everything that
matters how in the world could he be
leading in the polling because You'
think that if the same people who were
just Pro Biden they knew they were doing
a poll that involved Trump and Biden
wouldn't they also say that Biden was
winning on the individual
categories wouldn't
they if you were in the bag for Biden
and you just want to say Trump bad Biden
good you would say that Biden was
healthier you'd say he's better for the
economy but they're not even willing to
do that and he's still
Tai okay there's something deeply wrong
with what we saying I don't know what it
is I really
don't well let's check in on the uh all
the conspiracy theories I swear to God
you know sometimes it's hard to have a
conservative sort of Republican audience
because you know you guys and I'm
talking to all of you you know you guys
have some wild conspiracy theories am I
right like one of them is that the
government and especially the Democrats
are packed with a bunch of sex offenders
that haven't been caught yet it's like
some big you know
pedopile conspiracy
theory like you you guys will believe
anything you're believing that the top
people in the Democrat Party are a whole
bunch of
pedos
crazy well next story is that President
Obama's former senior policy advisor
rahimin Shai has been charged with child
oh okay okay well maybe you're right
sometime s okay I'm going to give you
this one all right I'll give you this
turns out it's a whole party full up
exactly what you
thought so yeah Colin rug was reporting
this on X um so the senior policy
advisor is being charged with sex
offenses let's just say he had some bad
stuff on his computer some bad
stuff and he worked uh on the us
strategy to combat terrorism and
terrorists so while he was helping us
fight Al-Qaeda and the
Taliban the children were fighting him
off or something like that I guess there
were some kind of allegations they're
allegations people he's innocent till
proven
guilty so take your conspiracy
theories even though they look
suspiciously
supportable anyway he wasn't in charge
of ordering the pizza and hot dogs for
Obama but you know you know where that
story's
going well thankfully um the the
Democrats are trying to get those
corrupt Republicans out of office by
having a sweep and winning everything in
2024 and uh oh here's a story about Ted
Lou he's accused of using donor money to
give $50,000 donation to
Stanford who then soon after admitted
his
child to
Stanford
so that's probably a
coincidence am I
right and uh I tell you when I give
money to a politician what I'm really
hoping the politician spends it on is uh
bribing a college to get his kid into it
now there's no evidence that's what
happened that's simply an
allegation and we have a correlation but
not a
causation it could be that he loves
Stanford so much that he wanted to give
them money and he had this donor money
so he gave him that it had nothing to do
with the admission of his
child innocent until proven
guilty
right sometimes it's hard to say inoc
till proven guilty but let's try to keep
that standard
well if you're watching the uh protester
situation at Columbia University I'm not
sure I'd call it protesting so much as
anti-Semitism and uh it's got It's
become uh super dangerous and scary if
you're a Jewish student or even if
you're Jewish and anywhere near that
situation but uh apparently they built a
tent city in the middle of the
campus um the an orthodox Rabbi who I
guess is associated with Columbia and
Barnard he sent out a WhatsApp uh
message to 290 Jewish students and he
said uh you know maybe they should go
home until it's safe to go to
college he actually said you should
consider going home and just dropping
out of college until it's safe and then
come back now that's not a very
practical suggestion for most
people you can't really easily drop out
of college if that's your whole plan
right um but that's how bad it
is now you might say to yourself Scott
this is
terrible because um it's so terrible
because not
only have the uh the protesters create a
highly anti-semitic situation and it's
scary and there actually been physical
attacks on Jewish students Etc I think
somebody at Yale got stabbed at a
protest um so it's getting really dicey
and dicey but as bad as it is
now um I don't think you should be super
worried
yet I wouldn't worry until the Colombia
tent people start digging
tunnels if you hear that the Columbia
protesters have started to build
tunnels then that's the next level of
worrying I I would take your concern up
to another level right now I would put
it at the level of seriously seriously
concerning and must be fixed
immediately but I think if they start
are building tunnels under the
tents I'd take that up another level at
least one more
Defcon so that's my
standard once they got
tunnels then you got to worry all
right anyway um but I think that if they
do build tunnels I think there's a
theoretical number of uh migrants who
could be urinating Outdoors that would
flood the
tunnels H anyway let's not solve yet
let's wait till it's a
problem uh let's see the Democrats have
a new campaign ad showing uh a young
woman who's trying to go to another
state to get an abortion because Alabama
Law would prohibit it and uh the the
theatrical uh approach that the
advertising campaign is taking is that
you see the pregnant woman being stopped
by the Alabama Police saying you can't
cross state lines to get an abortion and
she's like frisked and
arrested now apparently that's not yet a
law but there are allegedly can you give
me a fact check on
this um
allegedly that Alabama is looking at uh
making it illegal to go to another state
to get an abortion where it is
illegal is that actually something that
Republicans are dumb enough to
do is that actually being discussed
because I have trouble B in that it
sounds like just something made up right
now I wouldn't be surprised if there are
some people who have suggested it
because there's always some people who
suggest everything but I can't IM
imagine there's any serious effort in
Alabama to stop somebody from driving
across the state line is
there can can anybody give me a fact
check on that is
there because I I'd ask some serious
questions if that's if that's the case
regardless of what you think about
abortion your state can't stop you from
driving to another state and doing
what's legal in that state there's no
way that that's going to be a law is it
I don't
know we've seen some crazy things but I
can't imagine that would become a
law um meanwhile at Steve bannon's War
Room there's uh some new information
from Kurt olssen he's an attorney and uh
I guess he's got some new information
you've probably heard this before but
what's new is that they're using the
updated information about the Dominion
machines their claims about them
allegations I'll call them um that they
found some uh let's
say data security issues I'll tell you
what they are in a moment and that
they're updating some uh supreme court
filings so there's some kind of Supreme
Court case that um is being pushed
forward doesn't mean the Supreme Court
will take
it it's just you know an application of
some sort for them to take it but of
course they don't take most things so
we'll see but here are the claims so
Kurt Olson says his Security Experts
have found the following that in the
2020 and 22 2022
elections um that Dominion used altered
software and lied about it that's the
allegation meaning that um they said
they were using one version of software
but the actual election was run on a
different version now is that a
problem that's like a really big
problem that's as big as you can
get if the system was checked out for
security with one version of software
and then ran a different
version that's that's the same as not
checking it for
security I mean or at least it leaves a
big hole but that's not the only thing
also in those last two elections um they
said they pre performed pre-election
tests on the
machines which would sound like they
tested all the machines before the
election that's how I interpret that but
the claim is that they didn't they
didn't test the machines they only
tested some
spares in other words they only tested
machines that were not used in the
election and said they tested the
machines used in the election by testing
machines that were not used in the
election is that a
problem yeah could be kind of sketchy
but then the third one is the funniest
one that the claim is that the master
encryption key was left open in plain
text that anyone who knew where to look
could find out how to have God control
over the entire election simply by
knowing where to look they wouldn't have
to hack anything they just have to know
where to look and and it was so so
unsecure the claim is that you could
have changed anything happening in the
system without
detection now do you believe that now
I'm going to say that there's some
pushback on the claim that you could do
massive election machine cheating and
not get
caught because there are some
controls right there there are some
audits there are some checks so it does
seem to me that some types of
misbehavior would get caught but does
that mean that every kind of cheating
can get caught because if you could
check the counting machines as well as
the voting machines and I think it was
all part of one network so you could you
had control of more than one kind of
machine the vote and also the count of
the vote uh do you think that the
allegation will
stand that you could you could change
something in the voting machines that
that wouldn't be
detected so so the wouldn't be detected
part is the part I think would be the
hardest to prove because I would imagine
that Dominion will have some kind of
argument that sounds like well yeah you
can make those changes but we would
obviously catch
them so we'll see if that's a good
argument but I think that would be the
argument but what else would it be right
if it were you you would argue yeah we
would catch that and here's how we would
catch
it so I don't know if this is enough to
get it into the Court however anybody
who's making a claim that the election
systems are secure is going to have to
deal with the fact that they found three
potential problems that don't mean they
were exploited so remember separate the
two topics one topic is you know did
anybody do anything bad on the election
and the other topic is could they was it
possible but maybe they just didn't do
it and I think the question was it
possible
is looking uh more credible than it has
before but remember all these all these
election claims they almost all turn out
not to be true so if we were look at it
from the 30,000 foot level and I said
hey there's another Claim about the
election you should bet against
it do you
agree if I said there's another claim
but I didn't give you any details about
the
elections What would you
bet well the smart bet you know is 20
to1 in favor of it not being you know
not being
conclusive so we'll see these are pretty
big pretty big claims uh but then Steve
Bannon ask the question would Murdoch
have won that gigantic Fox News case in
which Tucker was saying things about the
security of the election systems would
Murdoch have won that case if he had had
these three pieces of information and he
could have said in that trial well we
don't know what happened but here's your
security key right
here imagine if during the trial where
Fox News you know was Under Fire for
saying the election machines were not
secure imagine if the
defense uh had pulled out a document and
they said you know your encryption
security key here it is and then just
walk walk in front of the jury you know
not that they could care read the digits
would just say look here's the
encryption key do you do you know who
had access to this everybody who knew
where to look wouldn't that be the end
of the
case like how could you sit in the jury
and let and let's say that that evidence
held up against cross-examination and
everything if that held up that it
really was there and if you knew where
to look you could find it now here's the
part I don't know how many people had
access to that
because you'd still have to have access
to the system before you could find
something on the system so at the very
least it would mean that any of the
texts using the system could have could
have thwarted it so an inside job would
still be possible but probably has to be
an inside job unless the hackers can get
in and maybe they can so we'll keep an
eye on that if you had applied the
dilber filter to the election what would
it have predicted
now the dilbur filter says that all big
organizations operate super
inefficiently and selfishly and stupidly
and everything's a lie that's the dilver
filter we were told that um this massive
Enterprise of you know machines and
technology and how it's all tied
together in this complex system was
Flawless if you've ever had any
experience in a big company or any big
organization there's no big organization
that could pull this off
flawlessly the the number of uh you know
alleged problems with the system are
exactly what I would have
predicted and I I think I did maybe not
in the right words but if you had any
experience in a Dilbert like world and
this is a whole bunch of Dilbert worlds
you know every election Precinct is a
little Dilbert
world people don't have the ability to
to do this
flawlessly that's not something humans
can do humans cannot pull off this level
of complexity and
organization without a lot of problems
so as soon as you were told that we
don't have any
problems every every antenna should have
gone up wait a minute you're in exactly
a situation where 100% of the time there
are problems and big ones but this is
the only time that not not the
case would you have believed it no the
dilber filter is very predictive if it's
a big organization people are cheating
and lying and bullshitting every time
not sometimes not most of the
time every time it's just a as something
to do with scale if you get enough
people in one place doing you know some
kind of common thing a lot of them are
going to be bad people you can't avoid
it
all right let's uh let's take that and
apply that to uh let's say climate
change have you noticed that checking
the temperature the thermometers around
the country remind you of checking of
voting
machines let's say in both cases it's a
very large
Enterprise with very complicated lots of
moving Parts lots of human beings
involved uh a lack of transparency
very high
stakes people have a lot of money
involved how often is that going to be
corrupt if you use the dilbur filter the
dilbur filter would say that climate
change would be corrupt 100% of the time
and that the reading of the thermometers
isn't much different from the making
sure your election your counting
machines and your voting machines are
all accurate and there's no security
problems and that all the people working
on them did the thing to keep them
secure because remember the security of
dominions machines I think this is fair
to say is not about their
design because nobody said yet I haven't
seen anybody say this that they're
designed
poorly it it appears that the humans are
the
problem if somebody left an
unencrypted you know basically a
password to the whole machine to give
you God capability
that feels more like a human problem
like somebody should have known not to
do that it doesn't exactly sound like a
technology problem I mean it it looks
like it was done
intentionally but you know in the real
world incompetence explains almost
everything so we can't tell in this case
so I would say I would take the dilver
filter to The Climate a thermometer
measuring world and I'd say there's not
really any chance the humans can do that
as accurately as the experts tell us so
I have the same opinion on the voting
machines as I do on climate change that
when you've got that level of complexity
and money's involved and all that that's
not something people can do to to a
level of perfection that you would
want now let's talk about
Evolution I love that evolution is in
the headlines
again it's just the ultimate provocative
thing so t was on Joe Rogan the other
day and said Tucker said that he doesn't
believe in evolution he does believe you
know in species changing over time in
the sense that you know you could breed
a dog to be taller or bigger and you
know maybe finches can have bigger or
smaller beaks or change their colors but
according to Tucker and this is not my
view this is Tucker human evolution has
never been demonstrated by the fossil
record
would you agree with that
statement science does not agree with
that statement but do you agree with it
that the fossil record does not prove
human
evolution and that in fact the the the
record doesn't show anything else
evolving
either it can show you it can show you a
fossil of one thing and it can show you
a fossil of another
thing but you can't really tell that the
one thing turned into the other thing
because the because the fossil record is
not that accurate now to argue I'm going
to argue both sides you know so I want
to Steelman this as much as possible so
it doesn't just sound
absurd the theory the so-call theory of
evolution has a ton of evidence in favor
of it a ton of
evidence I mean almost as much as
climate change
almost as much evidence
as the fact that our elections are all
secure and and no problem at all those
are three things that have a ton of
evidence the first two are ridiculously
[Laughter]
false and when I say false I'm not
making an allegation of my own about the
voting machines so I can stay out of
legal trouble I'm saying I don't see any
situation in which this level of
complexity is going to lead to humans
getting it flawlessly
right evolution is pretty complicated
too a lot of moving parts and a lot of
money
involved what what are the odds that we
got this one
right yeah here's a little mind Bender
for you when you were in uh school did
you learn that uh Evolution was the
survival of the fittest how how many of
you learned that that's what what
evolution was survival of the
fittest do you know they changed that
right because they found out that wasn't
the
case it's it's the single most important
element of evolution as we understood it
that you had to have some adaptive
benefit in order for that to continue if
it wasn't a benefit then it wouldn't
continue but the modern version of
evolution is that things just happen
it's not always a benefit so for example
if you were a bird evolving on an island
with no
Predators well then you could evolve for
a thousand years having messed up birds
that can't fly very
well no
Predators if if if the Predators were
there and they couldn't fly they would
all get eaten but if there's no
Predators they can just willy-nilly
evolve randomly into whatever the hell
they want to so the modern version of
evolution pretty much completely rejects
the original version of evolution that I
was told was Rock
Solid I was told Evolution was just a
fact in school but now I'm told that the
most basic element of how it worked now
it's nothing like that it's really just
it's just the evolution of what happened
not the
fittest now um but what about that
fossil
record would you say the entire um
evolution is depends on just the fossil
record no it does not because there's
other evidence for example you know uh
viruses although they're not alive so
that shouldn't count I think bacteria
some other stuff so in in a lab you can
force things to
evolve but I'm not sure you can turn a v
bacteria into a
germ like I don't know what I'm talking
about but I think a bacteria is
different than a
germ I'm pretty
sure so is there anything happening in
the lab I just don't know actually is
there anything happening in the lab
there's definitely Evolution or is the
lab just more more proof that you can
you know breed a big dog into a little
dog if you
try I don't
know but here's where it gets
interesting
uh Elon Musk um replied to this
conversation with the saigh uh the the
Sigh seemed to indicate that watching
Tucker doubt
Evolution was sort of
anti-science but how do you believe in
evolution if you also believe in the S
simulation now you could say that the
simulation just includes
Evolution so it all happened it's all
simulated but it all happened within the
simulation just like everything else
maybe but if we're a simulation it
suggests there's probably a resource
limit because everything seems to have a
resource limit now not necessarily could
be some future you know Unlimited
Technology species but far more likely
it would be a species Like Us in some
ways that is limited in resources if
it's limited in resources it's not going
to build the whole universe in the
simulation
that would be crazy it's going to build
the stuff you can see and then as you
need to see other stuff let's say we you
know we can go to see the backside of
the moon for the first time that's when
it becomes real it fills it in when you
can see it now we do see in science that
our observation does seem to change
reality so that's not
crazy so I would say that uh if you
believe the simulation is a billion to
one more likely than not being a
simulation uh it's a little sketchy to
say that evolution is true because in my
view
simulation doesn't
require but very
likely the past is created by the
present so if you saw any evidence that
like the double slid experiment in my
view that's my own interpretation uh
that is the present create in the past
because when you look at it's only when
you look at it that it's different in
the past does that make sense the first
time you look at the results for the
double slit experiment without getting
into details about it when you look at
it that's the first time you know that
there was an interference and again
without the details you know there was
an interference pattern but the
interference pattern had to have existed
before you looked at it because
otherwise it wouldn't be there so by
looking at it you've actually created
the past for the first time now if you
measure it without looking at it it also
solidifies it into that interference
pattern but the measurement is just
another way of you know solidifying
reality doesn't need to be a human it
could be a measurement but in both cases
the present created the
past now I know some of you are going to
say Scott you are misinterpreting that
experiment to which I say hey whatever
your name is no you're misinterpreting
it and are so are all the uh scientists
do you know why they're misinterpreting
it because they can't handle the fact
that the arrow of time is not what they
think it is so they start with the
assumption that you can't be changed in
the
past whereas I start with the assumption
that changing the past is probably the
way it works it's the most likely way it
works so if you enter the Double SL
experiment assuming the most likely way
the world works is that your
observations change the past well there
it is it's right in front of you if you
think that's not possible then you would
interpret it a different way I
suppose anyway
um uh I saw CNO saying Mike cernovich
the theory he posted today the theory of
evolution people can't even figure out
uh he goes the theory of evolution
people can't even figure out where Co
originated uh
LMAO so
do is that fair now that's a that's the
dilber
principle he's basically stating it in a
more you know Common sensical headline
way but the reason we can't figure out
where Co originated
from might be capability but it might be
more to do with the people that
everybody
lies so the world is full of liars lying
for lots of different reasons so if you
look at anything that's happened during
our time you can see it's mostly a bunch
of
lying but then you look at Evolution
you're like oh I'm glad we totally
nailed that yeah yeah the elections we
have doubts about we've got we've got
doubts about those thermometers but oh
the Evolution's good we nailed the
evolution
um I saw Colin Wright on xay uh here
here's his view he says the right can't
convincingly accuse the woke left of
quote denying biology you know the whole
trans thing uh regarding biological sex
if they themselves reject
Evolution H does that make sense to you
does it make sense that you can't doubt
one part of science if you're doubting a
different part of
science how does that make
sense isn't doubting science built in
through science and can't I say most of
it looks good but I doubt this
part I thought that's a whole point I
thought that's exactly what I can do I
can say you got gravity right but I'm
not so sure about climate
change there there's no such thing as
trusting science if you're trusting
science you're doing it wrong science
says don't trust
me right science says hey people don't
trust me that's his main message that's
the number one thing it says don't trust
me you better test this a
lot all right
so here's why uh
yeah um and then Tucker says that God
built
it and I say that uh any filter that
works keep doing it right it if having a
god filter on things lets you organize
your life in a productive way and raise
your kids to be good citizens and all
that it does appear to do that I'd say
sure do some of that um but if it
doesn't stop you from doing science
that's the important part I mean you
can't you can't ignore all of science
because you disagree with one part of
it all right here's some more science um
Mario and Noel is reporting that uh
study published in the annals of
internal
medicine so it's in their
annals so in their
animals U they studied fasting and they
say it doesn't work for losing weight
this is an R test technical doesn't work
for losing weight do you believe that do
you believe that fasting doesn't work
for losing
weight um that uh as long long as you
eat the same amount of
food over time you don't lose weight how
is that even why do you even have to
study
that who who didn't understand that if
you ate the same amount of food in the
same time frame you would weigh the same
no matter when you ate it did we really
need to study
that now don't
um when you say fasting Works let's be
specific uh fasting has benefits
that are claimed for that are good for
your body and your mental health right
but not necessarily weight
loss if if you're fasting for weight
loss then all you're doing is eating
less if you're doing it
right so if if what you did is fast for
a day and then the next day you ate the
normal amount for that day of course
you'd lose
weight because you would have an entire
day with no no calories so apparently
what they tested was
if you fast for a day and then eat twice
as much the next day you won't lose
weight did they really need to study
that did anybody was that a surprise to
somebody I don't know looks like bad
science to me well end wokeness is
reporting that the LA mayor Karen bass
um her house was
burglarized now I know what you're going
to say that's an old story Scott we
already know that Karen Bass the mayor
of Los Angeles who was sort of a soft on
crime person we already know that her
house was burglarized and so why are you
bringing it up again because it was
burglarized a second
time yep the the soft on crer on crime
mayor just got burglarized a second
time so here's uh here's my unpopular
take on
that if Dei never existed
I would look at her and say h looks like
she had some bad policies or you know
maybe she'll correct
it in the context of Dei when I see a
black mayor who's clearly not getting
the job done I say to myself huh looks
like a Dei
problem like the base problem is Dei and
the reason I say that is I I think a
better leader could fix it you know
being being tougher on crime for
example
so is it my fault that I live in a world
where I'm continuously reminded of Dei
and then I see somebody who is black and
is in charge and is
failing what am I supposed to
think if if the society primes me to say
Dei
Dei is why were you know looking for
people and hiring people and voting for
people of course I'm going to think that
the problem is Dei now that's different
from saying there's a problem with the
person so you have to separate that one
is a one is a system and the other is an
individual so I'm not making a claim
about the individual and indeed if it
turns out she's really good at her job
it's hard to tell from the outside but
if it turns out she's really good at her
job and and maybe even made one slip
that maybe she'll
fix pretty big one but if she fixed it I
would give her credit
so I don't
know that there's something wrong with
the
individual but I do know that in the
context of
Dei they've created a situation where
it's my first um
assumption is my working
assumption now do you think that's good
for black people that when I see a black
leader who's not getting it done that I
think it's because of
Dei not because necessarily there's
something wrong with the person that's
that's a whole different conversation
you know the person might actually be
qualified and it would be terribly
terribly unfair to a
qualified black leader to be you know
painted with the same brush just because
it's in the context of Dei I don't see
how black people come out ahead with Dei
to me it looks like a complete losing
proposition and I think what's wrong
about it is what Democrats get wrong
every
time they don't take into account the
room you got to read the
room right read the room that that's
what Trump did correctly on abortion I
think you know even if you don't like
where he landed he read the room right
he read the room right just exactly
right right there's no right answer but
he found he found the safest place to be
on it for a president that's reading the
room right then and Dei is reading the
room so wrong
and it's almost like ignoring that it
matters what other people think of
Dei no it's actually the most important
thing the most important thing is how
white people think about it but we're
going to be really quiet in the short
run in the long run we're going to form
opinions that it's promoting unqualified
people there's nothing you could do
about that we're not
broken there's nothing to
fix you you designed a system that
guarantees that um people are going to
assume Dei hires are less
qualified and the math suggests that it
will often be true but not always of
course so how's that a good situation
for being black in America to me this
would be just the worst freaking thing
you know if you're capable you can be
operating under this umbrella of
assumption of
incapability and I can't imagine
anything that would be
more just destructive to your entire
ability to enjoy your
life anyway get out of la la is
Fallen uh there's a uh there's a
campaign video I guess you call it that
that is the strongest one I think maybe
I've ever seen now think about what
biggest statement that is it's a
campaign ad just a two-minute ad might
be the strongest one I've ever seen for
any side at any time anywhere
it was made by um Western lensman and
Blake
haban so I've posted it if you want to
go see it I'm not going to um give it to
you but I'll just tell you how it felt
it it Promises at the beginning to tell
you 25 ways that Biden is destroying
America or the Democrats I guess um and
it's going to do it in two minutes now
when I heard that I'm like really
25
ways you're going to give me 25 ways in
2 minutes and I'm supposed to think that
these are all credible so here's what I
assumed the first
five probably are going to be pretty
good like things I might agree with like
oh open border yeah that is destroying
the country and then I thought by the
time you get to
25 you're going to be into the weak
stuff right just makes sense right
you're going to put the strong stuff up
a front and then I'm going to say oh
yeah yeah yeah and then once you got me
nodding nodding Along by the time you
get to eight or nine then the list the
25 you've just hypnotized me like yeah
yeah yeah oh that's right oh yeah yeah
and then you get to the 25 and they
might be weak but but but you're all
you're all on board at that
point didn't go like
that all
25 are strong and when you see them
together it's like your hair catches is
on fire because when you see them
together it does look like the Democrats
are legitimately trying to destroy the
country uh and you don't see it if you
see any one of the 25 things
individually because they all have a
reason well we're working on this and
there's a reason for that and well you
didn't look at the tradeoff and well
it's not a perfect world and you know
everything's got its own little excuse
but boy when you see all 25 of them
together it looks like Democrats are
literally in intentionally trying to
destroy the
country and I think there's something to
that because when you hate
something you will even subconsciously
do everything you can to destroy it
right it doesn't even mean it's a plan
uh I wouldn't claim it's a plan I don't
think I don't think there's a meaning
where somebody said hey let's destroy
the country in a variety of ways I think
what it is is a lot of young people
especially um may be seeing that the the
elites stole everything that's worth
stealing and left them nothing but
crumbs now if I were 20 years old and I
thought the Elites in both parties had
stolen everything good and polluted the
world and left it a Ashan crumbly mess
with nothing but debt and
War I would want to destroy that
system and it wouldn't matter what I
what happened I'd be like okay well
anything you want to turn the boys the
girls yeah go ahead I'm I'm down to that
yeah what could go wrong so I do want to
um yeah you should take your time to
look at it it's on my X feed I posted it
today so strong so congratulations to
Blake abian and what whatever Western
lensman did I'm not sure who did what I
think Blake might have produced it
actually I'm not sure but the but they
work together on it in some
way um but it's amazing
it's probably the most persuasive thing
I've seen in of a campaign
ad New York Times has a guest opinion
today and the title of the guest opinion
is government surveillance keeps us
safe
so
so is that scary to see that the paper
of record is running a an opinion piece
that says government surveillance of all
the citizens can keep you
safe you know everybody always says oh
this is so
1984 this is the most 1984 thing I've
ever
seen it would be hard to top this one
that's a Topper but the thing is I
actually agree with
it it does keep you safe it just takes
your freedom
away that's always the trade-off you
know the government can do lots of
things to keep you safe lock you into
your house but you in the long run maybe
you're not too happy about
it um I think this government
surveillance probably goes a long way to
explaining why we haven't had worst
Terror attacks since
911 I feel like the fact that we have no
privacy is the only reason there haven't
been major Terror attacks I I think that
a lot of stuff must be getting
thwarted uh in its infancy because they
have complete ability to monitor just
literally everything so that that's the
most positive thing you put on it but no
I'm not in favor of the government
surveilling every single thing we do but
I think it's a fact and it's not going
to
change here about this uh there's a
business called
sheets I don't know what they do
shz and they're being sued by the
government Biden Administration for
discriminating uh for discriminating
against
minorities and specifically the form of
discrimination is they require
applicants to pass a criminal record U
background check so sheets doesn't want
to hirer people have criminal records
but since there are more people with
criminal records in the underserved
communities uh that would be um now
illegal according to the Biden
Administration so the Biden
Administration wants to force this
company to hire um convicted
felons so
uh but you know what's
ridiculous you know what's
ridiculous I mean really do you really
think there are 25 different ways that
the Biden Administration is trying to
literally destroy the
country maybe
26 maybe 26 because this clearly is bad
for the
country it couldn't be any worse for the
country and here it is and they're going
to spend a lot of resources on this of
all the things that the that the Biden
Administration could do to root out
unfairness and
discrimination they had to find this
one now doesn't that mean that
everything
else that's more important than this has
been
solved do they have so much
resource so many resources that they
could solve all the big dis
discrimination problems they're they're
all well handled but now they're working
down the list and priorities and we're
all the way down to the company that
doesn't want to hire criminals they
should hire more criminals or they'll go
to jail or something fine
probably so I now if you add this to the
fact that uh the white supremacist that
they were looking for in the military
didn't
exist I think things are really going
well
if you've got Dei hires in all the major
cities and uh the worst remaining
discrimination you could find is that
they're H they don't want to hire
criminals
amazing well let's talk about Ukraine I
saw a post by uh Joey
manino and he says this in his post he
said he had dinner with a friend from
Ukraine and he said and he learned
something the media is not reporting if
you're a male citizen of Ukraine who
lives outside the country and your
passport expires you no longer can renew
it at an
embassy so if you're an Ukrainian man at
another country mostly maybe to get away
from Ukraine uh if your passport expires
they won't renew
it you have to come back to Ukraine and
die in the meat
grinder
wow um so if you don't have a passport
you can't stay in the country you're in
but you also can't go back to the
country some country should say you
could come
here because I'm pretty sure that the
ukrainians the Ukrainian men who were
living you know escaped Ukraine to get
away from the draft they're probably
educated and
employable they'd probably be a pretty
good group you know because they're
they're not filtered for being criminals
or anything they're filtered for being
smart enough not to be part of a war and
they had enough resources that they
could get out of the country that
probably suggests it would be a great
group of people to have in your
country so you know maybe somebody will
open their doors and and make that more
legal um
but some other things we're learning um
this from uh Brian Dean Wright I believe
he's used to be in the intelligence
services but now is not
and um he's talking about how the war is
lost basically the Ukraine war he says
there are two problems one is massive
corruption that we know about so it's
going to be hard to keep shoveling the
money when we know zinsky is stealing it
and his lieutenants are and apparently
that's documented now so we don't wonder
if zinski is stealing the money yeah he
is and I guess everybody knows
it um but the other thing is that there
are no human beings left in Ukraine to
fight that the uh the the urban men
disappeared cuz they could and the rural
men are all dead so they just ran out of
people so according to uh Brian Dean
right uh the weapons aren't going to
help as much as you want because they
don't have anybody to fire them
now that wouldn't be so
bad I mean it's terrible but it wouldn't
be so bad if they look like they could
win right you'd say to yourself well
that's the most horrible thing they lost
all their men for a generation but if
they won you know you can imagine that
eventually they' spin it into a great
sacrifice in the
victory but they're not
winning and indeed the whole goal that
uh the Biden Administration has set down
loud that it's just a cheap way to
degrade the Russian
military which I don't think most people
care about but maybe some do uh but
how's that working out the uh Politico
reports that the Russian Army is larger
by 15% than it was when it invaded
Ukraine and their their industrial
production is
growing their military is getting
stronger and apparently there's no risk
to the
economy so basically we made Russia
stronger although I don't know that you
can really tell
that I'm not sure we know exactly what's
happening in Russia you know that's
probably propaganda too so I don't know
how much Russia is winning but it
doesn't look like they're
losing um you know you can't believe
anything from a war zone or from Russia
or Ukraine but anyway David saaks is is
on this case uh making it clear and I
think he's correct he's making it clear
that there is no win to be had
and and that we lost the only thing we
said we were trying to do which is
degrade Russia
Etc and I think I am a uh uh I have been
one over to the side that the whole
point of making Ukraine NATO is so NATO
so Ukraine would have to buy weapons
from uh American
manufacturers and that Americans would
pay the uh with our taxes to give to
Ukraine so they could buy our weapons so
basically it's just our own
military-industrial complex looting our
pockets and uh they're energy people
trying to take Russia's energy and that
sort of thing so I I see America as more
of a criminal
Enterprise than a military keeping the
world safer
democracy that's my take Ukraine looks
entirely like a criminal Enterprise
backed by an
army uh because these stated claims are
somewhat ludicrous whereas the more
obvious explanation of what's going on
you know CIA wants to protect their labs
and you know we want to have closer
assets to threaten Russia and we maybe
we did want to degrade their military a
little or you know uh get Putin out of
office all that stuff but it mostly it
looks like it's just a moneygrab
corrupt uh criminal Enterprise and we're
just need deep in it so I I'm rejecting
any notion that America is the good guy
in this situation I think we're I think
we're the criminals in this situation
that would be my take now now what is
the solution for all of it well Trump
has to avoid the obvious plot to
assassinate him I I think we could say
that out loud right I mean if they're
trying to remove his secret servy
protection while painting him as a a
risk to democracy and a Hitler character
that's a murder attempt now the fact
that they figured out a legal way to
murder somebody or attempt to murder uh
that doesn't change the fact that what
it is it it might IL legal but still
murder so I would say our system is
mostly blackmail bribery corruption and
murder and that the uh thin veneer of a
republic and a democracy and all that
stuff is you know largely silly and
absurd and clearly hasn't been with us
for
decades we're complicit unless we
overthrow the
corruption well unless it's working
see that's the
problem uh it always comes down to what
are the
Alternatives and I've said it before but
I'm going to double down on it if it's
true that we're not you know a
Democratic Republic that doesn't mean
we're worse off it just means we're not
what we thought we were it definitely
means some people are being screwed
definitely means that definitely means
the elites are getting richer but here's
the problem that's every system
if you show me a system where the elites
don't not only stay Elite but they don't
you know gain compared to the population
and Rob them I've never seen that system
what system is
that so if every system robs the public
for the benefit of the elite and if it
doesn't it doesn't have the resources to
field an army and protect itself it
won't last so my take is the big Bigg
ger and batter we are as a criminal
Enterprise the longer we're going to
last why do you think Russia is still in
business and going to survive this war
is it because they're a Democratic
Republic no it's because they're a
massive criminal Enterprise with the
military just like
us look at
China do you think the elites are doing
better than the
people I think so I think so yeah think
they're doing great and does that mean
that in in a way conceptually they're
robbing the people to keep themselves in
power and yeah of course that's what it
means that's exactly what it means so
every system that is
successful successful to the point where
you know we think they should be in NATO
let's say let's say that's the minimum
level of a successful country is that we
want them in
NATO you don't get there without your
elites
being totally in charge and being able
to control the government and the
military so I think that all of the
countries that are successful are
criminal
Enterprises because in the long run
that's the model that
works and like the
Mafia the mafia might not want a lot of
crime on its own
street because it doesn't want to
interfere with the bigger crimes it's
doing so it could be that our criminal
government would do quite a good job of
you know reducing crime if the right
members of it were in
charge NATO is a Cel yeah in in a
sense yeah I mean that doesn't that word
fit perfectly because cels don't have to
be illegal do they well I don't know
maybe they do I'm not sure if that's
baked into the definition of a cartel
doesn't a cartel just mean a bunch of
people with power who are operating
together
some
way all right we're going to do a
closing
sip because I think you need
it here's to
you now do you think Trump could fix all
of these problems I just
mentioned how many of this criminal
Enterprise stuff could Trump
fix almost
none I I yeah if he could fix any of
this stuff he would have done some of it
in the first term so it looks like
whatever it is is stronger than all the
presidents you know I don't think
there's any president that can fix it
um so here's what might happen I think
the people you know the the elites as as
we say the people in charge I think if
Trump gets elected by a big enough
margin they can't cheat him out of
office and they can't put him in jail
because there too many people who would
go
Nots I think they'll just try to wait
him out you know they'll do everything
they can to destroy him while he's in
office but ultimately they don't want to
reveal too much about themselves if they
can just wait four years and go back to
it running everything so I feel like
they'll just waigh him
out so there's one possibility that it
won't be riots in the streets they must
just say they might just say let's let's
just keep this on a slow
boil get through the four years get back
in power start another war that sort of
thing probably the the biggest problem
would be if Trump doesn't fund Another
War I think if the first thing Trump did
is fund a new war he'd be fine he would
be perfectly safe because everybody
would be like ah yeah keep that war war
guy in
there um war is when your government
tells you who the enemy is revolution
has when the government's the enemy
yeah all right that's all I got for you
today on the platforms
of um Rumble and YouTube and X I'm going
to talk to the locals people the
subscribers privately thanks for joining
and I will see you
soon bye for now
going slow to change this because I know
there's a lag I don't want to look like
I cut you off too
soon and the lag is over see you
tomorrow I believe we're private
now all right thank you how you like
Today's Show I like I like getting
compliments
cartel wasn't the right word cabal cabal
might be a better word you're
right what is the definition of a
cartel well thank
you you're still here but you can't see
me can
you oh
wait no we we're still live on
everything why didn't that
work local sporters own
now it's going to
work oh that didn't work it's still live
on all the platforms looks like we have
a bug in the
system yeah there's a bug in the system
so I won't tell you any secrets like I
usually do because all the the other
people still here they're being quiet
because they don't want you to know they
can still see
me but the the same I usually
use uh it didn't turn them off am I
doing it wrong let me look at it
again am I looking at the wrong thing
it's local supporters
only yeah so it's local support only
then I update the
stream and it didn't take it didn't work
so it's just a a bug in
system it worked
yesterday all right that's all I got for
today um locals people I'll do a man
cave tonight see you tonight and uh yeah
yeah there there's something wrong with
the uh software it's not working right
now but I'll see you all uh
soon to this
goodbye so taking my
[Music]
time okay I've sold long enough
bye for
now
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e e