ba-ba-boom ba-ba-boom did you wonder
where I was yes I'm a little bit late
that's not like me at all I might have
to simultaneous it before you even get
here but no oh wait
coz that's the kind of guy I am if I see
them a little bit tired and a little bit
out of it well there's a story behind
that tell you about that a minute but
first why don't you grab a cup of bugger
glasses snifter Stein jealous tanker
thermos flask 18 Grail goblet vessel of
any kind
fill it with your favorite liquid I love
coffee and join me now for the dopamine
tune of the day the thing makes
everything better
simultaneous said go oh yeah so last
night before bedtime I had a allergic
reaction to something in the house it
was pretty severe reaction so I took a
thing called benadryl have you heard of
this thing called benadryl oh my god now
normally I go to bed whatever I feel
like him and I wake up automatically at
three or four o'clock in the morning and
I usually just get up because I don't
like sleeping so last night I said to
myself I'll just try one of these
benadryl things so Christina said hey
take a benadryl and I thought I never
even heard of these I've heard of it of
course I never think of it but she had
one and I took one and let's just say I
did not wake up at 3 or 4 a.m. this
morning I woke up about 15 minutes ago
wow did that doctor go so I had two
choices number one I could delay
the simultaneous up that's unheard of
that can happen number two I could come
on this periscope completely out of it
unprepared haven't even looked at the
news in which case you would get a
terrible show but you would have the
simultaneous second and I could not I
could not let you go a day without
delivering that so with your permission
whether you like it or not I'm going to
look at the headlines and let's see what
we can tell
blah blah blah impeachment blah blah
blah impeachment
have you heard there's something called
impeachment now if you haven't been
following the process it works like this
it works like this did I just say it
works like this I think that I'm just
repeating myself people on one side say
a bunch of facts and the people on the
other side say those facts are not true
and they had to do some facts of the
road and then the other side says our
facts were right but your facts were
wrong and once both sides have decided
that they can't decide on the facts they
have a vote along party lines and then
once the vote is taken with the side
that loses and says it's legitimate and
depending on who they are they either
try again or they or the mad oh my god
my brain I think my brain is working at
about 25 percent capacity
tops so there's CNN they've got
fact-checking the GOP impeachment
hearing claims like look over there
and it's Jake Tapper and factcheck.org
going through claims made by
representative Jordan and then I I went
to click on the click of the link where
they're fact-checking the people on the
Democrat side so I look for that link is
like why there's only a link
fact-checking the Republicans
huh how about that well I guess that's
because everything that the the Democrat
said it was completely I accurate no
need to fact-check that the GOP
representative slams the star witness
chef for skipping I don't even
understand that but it does seem that it
does seem that one thing the Republicans
might want to do is get a chef under
oath can you imagine getting Adam Schiff
under oath and testifying
is there any chance any chance that Adam
Schiff wouldn't be let's say trapped and
to say something that wasn't true or
would he do it I think if Adam Schiff
ever testifies under oath he's gone to
jail right because I just don't see how
he could tell his story and make you
compatible with what he's been saying
all along and also still true so we'll
see
I just tried to I've got one of these
track pads next to my computer I just
tried to move my mouse by boofie my
finger elsewhere on my desk that just
happened yes that's how bad it is for me
all right Joe Biden is blaming his staff
according to Fox News for not telling
him there should be some problem if they
this could be some kind of a problem
with Murray Smith never thinking to
myself do you want a president who
needed his staff to tell him that
there'd be a problem with his son taking
massive amounts of money from the most
corrupt country in the world too bad his
son or too bad god I can't even form
sentences this is terrible it's time for
a second simultaneous sip it's the only
thing we can save this go
I will be groggy I left all boarding
somebody says boy will I don't operate
heavy equipment well that's gonna ruin
my whole day if I can't sort of itch
slash Andy no Twitter suspension
you don't mean sort of itch got
suspended right subleases Andy no got
suspended again are you talking about
the last time well now you've made me
curious and now it must checked hold
with me enjoy your coffee talk among
yourselves let's see if there is a
suspension so based on your cryptic
message I believe if I what then sir de
vich no and hagseth had been suspended
for her posting the shooters manifesto
Oh what why would anybody get suspended
for that does anybody ever even Pete
hagseth got knocked off what the hell a
Twitter spokesman responded to the post
millennium advised that assertive it's
no I can't even believe that that are
based on what oh my god that can't be
there's something wrong here does
anybody understand that story sir
well I think are we gonna go watch the
hearings and try to catch up on whatever
happened to you like sort of inch I
don't know exactly so this must happen
just recently cuz there's a tweet from
eleven hours ago let me click on Mike's
profile and see what it says oh he's
back
forced to delete his tweet I'm not you
know being forced to delete your tweet
is nothing worst thing in the world
depending on the tweet but so it looks
like that's all all that was required
was for the Lydia's tweet so he's back
anyway I'm gonna read up on all this
stuff I got nothing for you today I have
an empty bag of skin I have no insights
no humour nothing to offer
so the Daily Mail has a link to the
manifesto why in the world would we not
be allowed to see the manifesto I have
given you know you know what's gonna
happen now right so thanks Mike soda
 indeed I would be hagseth because
I add just about everybody in this
periscope are gonna go read the
manifesto now so it's not as if I as if
I was not going to do that anyway
if I were dot anyway I can't even talk
I'm gonna I'm gonna call this fight you
win this time I'll talk to you tomorrow