oh hey everybody come on in it's time
for the evening swaddle you can have a
blanket or a towel it doesn't matter
well I'm swapping with a towel today
because well you'll find out why so
we've got news coming at us so fast it's
like a fire hose into a Dixie cup and
I'm just the Dixie cup to grab that fire
hose full of water and tell you what it
all means
glad you could make it here's what it
means in no particular order let's start
with the bad news so have you noticed
that people are really bad at evaluating
things sorry I'm gonna candy people are
really bad at evaluating things and this
situation has really brought that into
stark relief as they like to say as you
watch people do a bad job of evaluating
things let me give you an example people
said heard the hard our order of those
models were not accurate because first
they said might be a billion or two and
then they settle down
could be a million at the high side but
it might be a hundred thousand at the
low side and then it got revised the
60,000 the people said the models the
models are wrong because you said you
said it was gonna be at least a hundred
thousand now you'd have 260 thousand and
you made us do all this stuff to which I
say there's something missing in the
analysis and it goes like this which
part of our plan to get back to work
makes the virus go away anybody anybody
which part of all the plans to go back
to work feature the virus just not being
there anymore is the insert none I think
the answer is none
so if the answer is none that means that
whenever we go back to work and here's
the key part however we go back to work
and if that 50,000 number will no longer
be valid because we won't be mitigating
I don't believe the models have any kind
of in an end state contemplated yeah am
i right
I believe the the models don't assume
that the virus ever goes away the models
assume that they sort of just trails off
some low number forever but we don't
have a cure and nor do we think that the
vaccine will be like a magic thing that
makes it go away so here's the thing did
the models get it wrong unfortunately
that number is not going to be 60,000
because it's pretty clear that we're
going to go back to work one way or
another whether it's you know May or
June or any time after that we're going
back to work and the counter starts
again because we can test like crazy and
we can take Hydra hydroxyl Corps clean
clean if that works or whatever but the
fact that it'll still be with us and
still be viral and still be killing
people so it's gonna take its number are
the only player that anybody is
contemplated involves what 1% of the
United States times 60% getting it
what's that number so the actual number
if you're asking yourself what's the
actual number we're contemplating going
back to work now the going back to work
number is back in the hundreds of
thousands and that 60,000 immediately
just gets thrown out the window it's
like oh now you're back to hundreds of
thousands so I think the people are not
quite seeing this right they're
imagining that 60,000 is our is the
worst case or something so we can get
back to work as is 50,000
but there is though there's no path like
that that doesn't exist it's either
never go back to work or it's hundreds
of thousands of deaths I would predict
at this point that we will accept the
hundreds of thousands of deaths but not
until we've taken it as far as we can
take it to flat B curve so in the in the
end well you don't have to ask you don't
have to ask what path we'll pick because
there's only one there's only one path
and the path is we're gonna go back to
work sometime in the next few weeks and
we're gonna have hundreds of thousands
of deaths there's just no way around it
that's it now we might be able to avoid
crashing to hospitals but I doubt it I
think that all this preparation we have
now that we didn't need will probably
dismantle it and then you know wish we
had it later that's the bad news so if
anybody tells you that they're working
on the plan you should have a little
recording in your head it's like oh okay
we are going to accept a few hundred
thousand deaths because otherwise there
is no plan there's no plan without that
can't happen
Trump was funny because he played a
compilation clip at the press conference
mocking the media did you see that it
was pretty it was a pretty ballsy play
it's a compilation clip of just all of
them being wrong about the coronavirus
same as he was now here's the thing that
nobody has quite figured out yet and
when I say it when I say this you're
gonna be mad at yourself that you didn't
think of it so that's my challenge to
you I'm gonna say something that as soon
as you hear it you're gonna say oh oh
that's really obvious but it wasn't
until you said it here it goes
I think you saw the talk about Trump
might want to fire a foul Qi there's no
way and here's why and this is the part
that's going to make you mad as long as
foul Chi exists and he's on the team
foul Qi is apparently willing to say
what he said today and he said
for but he said it really clearly today
he said every time the I and dr. Burks
recommended something to the president
he said yes every single time now if
you're the president and the top
recognized expert in the world is giving
you that much cover and the expert is
saying look he did everything we asked
them to do we're the experts that is a
hundred percent of cover do you think
that Trump is going to fire the guy that
gives him a hundred percent cover
because remember is the top viral guy he
says often and clearly Trump did
everything I recommended and fairly
quickly - now how she says but it's also
not my fault effectively because he was
operating on faulty information from
China so have you you have this perfect
setup
so Trump can blame kouchi and and he's
right
right I don't think that's a an excuse
right if you're top expert tells you
what to do and then you do it
well you that's about as good as you can
do if you're not an expert yourself so
Trump has a perfect alibi in foul she
foul he has a perfect alibi in China
because everybody agrees that China was
lying
so if out she didn't have the right
information but who does China blame the
United States Trump so it's a perfect
like circle of life of blame Trump can
blame foul chief how she can blame China
then China just goes back to blame is
Trump everybody's got somebody to blame
so now she's not getting fired he's the
perfect person to have in that position
if you want to get reelected and your
name is Trump and by the way I don't
think in my opinion foul she hasn't made
any mistakes he simply had bad
information like everybody else fog of
war you know you could say somebody
should have guessed better
but that's not fair you know at the time
nobody knew what was going on I had a
phone call today I called a local
restaurant because I was curious what
the most capable operator in my town was
doing so it's a restaurant that doesn't
appear on door - so I'd looked for it I
was gonna order food one time and it was
on there so I thought oh if they're not
doing takeout so anyway I do that I done
the owner so I called them and said you
know how you how you doing now I'll have
to say again the reason that I focused
on this one restaurant this one owner is
that you know I owned a restaurant
locally and I could tell you he's the
best restaurant owner you know with the
best entrepreneurial just the smartest
savviest restaurant owner of the area so
I thought whatever he's doing again I'm
gonna find out so here here's what he
said so they fairly quickly you know
retooled their operation to be takeout
only he kept a half of his staff that's
what he could do but he's also applying
for the SBA thing so he'll be able to
bring them back with a guarantee pretty
soon so that's pretty good kept half of
them you know went to take out but
apparently he's being quite creative so
they've already changed their website to
say that they have all these offerings
and they'll take it out to the curb for
you so you can just call them up put in
your order drive up and text to my gas
if they pop out and give it to you but
here's the great part you made an offer
for Easter that he would you know make
your meal for you sort of a catering
situation you just had to come pick it
up and he had he had lines around the
lines around the block and here's the
fun part he almost made as much as he
made last year in the same weekend you
know Easter weekend
so it was such a smashing success now a
lot of it had to do with the fact that
the the local population is really it
looks like they're stepping up to
support their locals so I called them
who said what can I do you know how can
I help and I told them that we talked a
little bit I said all I'll put a mention
nextdoor that's the local app that just
goes out to your neighbors and I'll tell
remind them that you're you know that
you're open for business and you know
take it out to the curb and and he's not
a door - and stuff so I I did a little
advertisement for him on the local local
media that a lot of people look at dad
or that would make any difference but
here was the idea that I suggested
because one of the things he'll do is
he'll actually sell people uncooked cuts
of meat so he'll get him from his
distributor and then if somebody wants
to cook it at home they don't want to go
to the grocery store and they want a
nice cut he'll prepare the little bill
including the the uncooked beet and I
asked them hey you know given that
restaurants have a different supply
chain couldn't you know give it to
everybody speaking of flexible could a
customer call you and say you know I'd
like to get a you know giant sack of
vegetables or I want to get some
industrial toilet paper the kind that
they have in offices but you know you
don't get in the grocery store because
that's a different supply chain so if
you really needed to give food and your
grocery store was too busy or you didn't
want to deal with the crowds or you're
trying to get something like toilet
paper try calling try calling a
independent restaurant and just say hey
if you can order these items for me from
your regular suppliers just give me a
call and I'll come pick them up and I'll
give you whatever markup so that's one
another option that's out there I guess
Andrew Yang's was his campaign manager
who tweeted today I can't believe Andrew
yang endorsed Joe Biden what a sellout
wad so I guess Andrew Yang's I think
it's a campaign manager not too happy
did you see the Joe Biden video with
Bernie oh my god
it looks so bad so birdie was poorly lit
and he looks like it looks like some
troll under the bridge
like Biden looked like somebody put
makeup on him did you wonder about that
who got close enough to Biden to put all
that makeup on him that could've his
wife actually so so he looked the body
looked confused and lost of course he
was reading off a teleprompter even
though he was were talking to his good
friend Bernie I'll tell you bite him is
completely awkward is exactly that where
I was going for
they were both awkward and I don't think
Biden has mastered the the medium you
know Biden is good at a crowd he's good
to use a go to retail politician you
know shake hands and stuff but man well
you put him just in front of a camera
and he's got to talk to somebody on
video he loses all of his spark it was
really hard to watch here's the bad news
I hate to say there was a there's a
thread that I tweeted from a ER doctor
who says that they've given
hydroxychloroquine to pretty much
everybody in the ICU so if they get to
that point he said they all get it and
as far as he could tell doesn't make any
difference
now he was specific to say I'm only
talking about the ones who are already
in the ICU so they're in bad shape but
his view the hydroxychloroquine at least
just anecdotally that I've seen no
difference doesn't work at all so factor
that in we would like to think that it
still works if you get it early but we
might be surprised and that's part of
the reason that I was saying at the top
there that we don't have a plan that
doesn't still cost hundreds of thousands
of lives maybe a million I think we're
we're probably back to a million are we
because if we just go to work and work
for three years and the virus keeps
pecking at us you should kill a million
of us in three years there was something
that Trump said today at the taskforce
press conference that I'll bet I'm the
only person who noticed let's see if
anybody any of you noticed
he used a phrase that he's got in
trouble for before and he was just doing
a monologue about how bad the presses
and he used this phrase you people now
what he said to you people he was not
addressing anybody and he wasn't I don't
think he was even answering a specific
question form a buddy he was just doing
a monologue about how bad the press is
and when he was referring to them
collectively in the room because and you
people bla bla bla bla bla I'll bet you
didn't catch it at all right because it
was just part of a you know unimportant
sentence well in law than you people do
this remember how much trouble he got in
when he said the same phrase and you
people when he was answering uh what is
the name of the reporter for NPR who is
African American and everybody said oh
you people you people we've seen this
before the only only time anybody says
you people we know what he means
racist dog whistle racist dog whistle
nobody uses that phrase you people
unless they're racist except he just
used the sentence was just talking about
a group of people exactly the way he was
talking about it before so Oh somebody
didn't notice it yeah somebody didn't
notice it yeah so you people is
depressed obviously so I like that you
slipped that in there I don't know if
that was I don't think it was
intentional but that worked out to his
favor here's something that's really
clever about what Trump is doing right
now
yeah yeah Beach is you have each yum
each Health Center is her name the the
report thank you so here's what Trump is
doing this clever now I don't think he's
doing it as a strategy but bad does it
work well as a strategy so what would
the what would the Democrats most like
to attack a trumpet for in the fall
well they've tried every kind of attack
but I think the one attack that were
they'd really like to make is he he
doesn't listen to
science right is it the one thing they
really wanted nail him odd is not
listening to the experts and he's going
to go into the election after several
months of doing nothing but
conspicuously and publicly following the
advice of the experts even while half
the country is thinking the experts are
wrong so you've got Trump is in a
perfect situation one of his greatest
weaknesses he's doing the opposite of it
in public every single day listening to
experts what are the experts saying
listen listen to the experts experts
experts experts so the Democrats are not
going to have much to lead on oh yeah
they'll have this the Democrats are
gonna say sure he did listen to the
experts at one time but he's not
listening to the climate model experts
what about that to which I say with
their long-range prediction models are
you saying he should listen to them more
because their long-range prediction
models are so reliable
so even climate change has largely been
taken off the table number one because
the price of carbon if you will just
drop to point where I don't know what it
what would be compatible with it is
there anything compatible price-wise
with $20 a gallon gas or whatever oil or
whatever it is so I guess they came to a
new deal so prices but I go up a little
bit but still still prices are gonna be
better alright so if they can't if they
can't go after Trump for listening to
experts and they can't really blame him
for not putting too much credibility and
a long term prediction model because we
just watched one that people were too
happy with even though I think it was
good other people know but here's the
other thing he's doing this clever
politically is that you don't know which
way he's going to go in terms of his
ultimate recommendation have you noticed
that Democrats are really really quiet
about what they would do listen to this
dogma stop
barking hello hello dog miss now barking
there are a lot of Democrat Pandits
there are a lot of Democrat politicians
I've never seen them be shy before about
what they would recommend if they were
president I can think of almost every
other topic you could ask any pundit you
could ask any politician that's a
Democrat and say what would you do in
this situation that's different from
what President Trump would do and
they'll say well let me tell you if I
were president Iowa do X and y and z and
the president's doing a and B and C and
that's all wrong obviously but what the
president is doing by waiting and
holding his decision and you don't know
you really don't know what it's going to
be is it go some people go to work on
May 1st is it wait till the middle of
June you really don't know so all of the
Democrats can't describe what they would
do you know why because if they
accidentally say here's what I would do
and the president comes down in the same
the same place and says here's what I
would do and it turns out to be exactly
what the Democrats said one should do
they got nothing so they have to stay
silent on what they would do until he
goes first so they can be on the other
side you see that right you just watch
for how no Democrat will give you an
opinion you will not see one peep from
Nancy Pelosi or Chuck Schumer about
specifically what they do though they'll
complain about process and you know who
talked to who and what was the timing of
things should another sooner yeah but
what you're not going to see is their
recommendations you're not going to see
that so he says well my mind just got
blown because you just realized that
it's not there right you didn't notice
that it was missing until I pointed it
out and you're like yeah why is this the
only topic in the world that not a
single Democrat has voiced a specific
opinion on here's what I would do
I do it may 1st I do it this way not
gonna see it so I've never seen the I've
never seen any president running for
re-election who had such a commanding
position I mean you could say Reagan you
could say Reagan but I mean this looks
like even more commanding because at
least Reagan was Reagan ran against an
opponent who feasibly could have done
the job you know maybe he didn't like
his policies but he could have done the
job you know Mondale but Biden doesn't
even look like he could do the job so
here's the funniest thing oh you have to
do this wait maybe I'll do it if you
didn't watch the live stream or even if
he did you may not have watched it this
way so if you watch the live stream of
Biden talking to Bernie there were lots
of comments than were happening and if I
could find it I'm gonna turn it off the
sound and I just want to reach I just
couldn't read the comments all right now
keep in mind that this is a it's a Biden
event and so you expect that most people
you know they'll be troll of course of
course they're gonna be trolls they hear
what the Democrats are saying we are
effed only way Biden will ever win wake
up Louisville fool fool only way to beat
Trump is Bernie for VP answer the
question
Biden is just as secretly corrupt as
Obama all right now keep in mind I'm not
skipping any compliments so I'm not
selectively picking the most insulting
ones there are no supporters of Biden on
the Biden livestream look for yourself I
know you don't believe it I know you
don't believe it look for yourself you
have to do this go find the video and so
this is what if you hold it in this
orientation I feel it this way I think
the comments go away but if you turn it
this way the the comments will stream by
I'll just read some more
how do i govern binder trump pick one Oh
screw this I'm out but Biden is reading
well today didn't bite and say you
wouldn't change anything this is bogus
Joe Biden can't form a sentence oh my
god
Bernie VP or Nina Turner out of that
surprised Biden is communicating clearly
this is a train wreck Trump is
guaranteed to win never voting for by DH
and ever again I swear I swear folks I'm
not skipping any good ones I'm not I
know you don't believe me I know you
don't believe me but you have to go look
yourself and a Biden event one of the
most important events of the campaign
season he couldn't find anybody who had
come to his live stream and say good
things about none none did anybody say
anything good about Bernie yeah now
they're mad at him for for doing this
the closest one that's good is divided
we fall together we are stronger so
that's obviously a Democrat but notice
that that's really about Bernie helping
Biden so all she's the only thing she's
complimenting is that Bernie he's gonna
help bind another Biden is good that but
they're working together so even though
even the best thing they could come up
with is not so good it's also good
anyway that's just the screamingly
hilarious so Steve Maddens podcast is
Banias war room pandemic or is it
pandemic bandhans war room it's one of
those but pandemic I think is the title
so I had never I never listened to it
but today I guess they got booted off a
Twitter and if somebody gets booted off
a Twitter
well I'm gonna go listen to that you
know I I don't listen to a lot of
podcasts I
heard good things about it but I'd never
hadn't been really incentive to go
consent device to go get it and then
spend time listening to it but as soon
as I already got booted off of Twitter I
thought well he's got something to say
let's go see what that's all about
so I don't think they even know exactly
why they got booted off but the the
proximate cause the the one that seems
obvious is that they had some episodes
about China they talked about Oregon
Oregon harvesting and we girls and
whatever else and so I don't I guess I
was good enough to get kicked off of
Twitter I don't think that it didn't
sound like it's temporary I think
they're just kicked off so I did the
link to it and I listened today's to
today's episode that was really good
it's actually like a well made Chow and
I didn't know I didn't know what to
expect but they held my interest all the
way through it was it was a high let's
say high entertainment to time ratio so
it's quite good so I recommend it you
just can't find the links on Twitter but
you can see a link to it on my Twitter
feed if you're looking for or just
google it go to the web page so here's
something that'll really mess with your
mind
I don't know if this is true so it's
been reported but keep you know keep a
little skepticism hold hold back a
little skepticism on this one but it's
so delicious
if it's true that I have to tell you
about it even though I don't fully trust
it and there's an official French report
they did some study and they found out
that in several countries there's a very
strong correlation between cigarette
smoking and your outcomes with
coronavirus it turns out that being a
lifetime cigarette smoker protects you
from coronavirus protects you from
coronavirus and here's the fun part
not just a little bit not just a little
apparently it's a I get
difference right now remember have you
noticed that when the doctors are
talking about comorbidity correct me if
I'm wrong but when they were originally
talking about comorbidity and and here's
another dog that's not barking so you
have to fact-check me on this right so
just use your memory and see if this is
true a month ago when doctors talked
about comorbidity the the other health
factors that might kill you if he got
coronavirus correct me if I'm wrong
tobacco was prominently on the list
smoking tobacco it was it was in the top
four or top five I think now listen to a
doctor today or yesterday when they they
list their list of comorbidities smoking
isn't on the list anymore it just sort
of dropped off the list now I don't know
if the people who forgot to include it
on the list just forgot about it and
it's a coincidence maybe maybe they
think it's covered with hypertension or
or something else but but am I wrong
listen to the doctors when they talk
about the the other health conditions
and I think they just stopped saying
tobacco it could be just a wait and see
now the other thing that was interesting
about it is that people who used to
smoke and quit still got quite a bit of
protection compared to someone who never
smoked so the the worst thing that you
could do is never smoke cigarettes now I
heard somebody in the comments
speculating that there was I guess if
you know things about ACE to receptors
which I don't but if you're smart enough
to talk in those terms you say stuff
like well it makes perfect sense because
the tobacco sort of you know impinges on
those receptors you know and degrades
them and those receptors are needed to
pick up the virus so it actually makes
sense
smoking will degrade the very receptors
that are necessary from the virus so
somebody says the the new medication
might be a hydroxychloroquine and
tobacco plus plus a zipper bison zinc I
guess so no word on marijuana smoke but
I'm not going to take any chance I'm
gonna smoke as much marijuana as I can
just in case you know I don't take any
medical advice for me no no more true
words have ever been spoken I'm just
saying that marijuana is approved
medical it's approved medication for a
variety of conditions and if you wanted
to use an off-label and smoke like crazy
to protect yourself from the coronavirus
I would say that you're a very shaky
ground because first of all I don't
think marijuana smoke effects your lungs
the way tobacco smoke does so let me be
serious for a moment I would not expect
I would not expect that even if it's
true that regular tobacco smoke protects
your lungs from coronavirus and I'm
skeptical of that but even if that's
true it does not follow that marijuana
smoke would do it because they do really
act very differently for example you
don't get lung cancer for marijuana
smoke so some of you are gonna argue
with that but you can go argue with the
data all right
here's something interesting and I
talked the other day about that movie
there was claiming that the CIA was you
know controlling the Hollywood movie
movie stuff and causing them to message
things to the public to brainwash us I'm
gonna make a general statement here's a
general statement in the long run in the
long run all social media platforms and
all news platforms will come to be owned
by intelligence services in the long run
now that doesn't mean it's already
happened but it's it's obvious that
there's some influence now but if you
wait long enough it's the nature of the
intelligence services that they know how
to sort of burrow in you know they get a
little foothold then they then they get
another then they get another so based
on everything I know about the world if
you wait long enough every social media
platform every app that has any impact
on anything and every news source should
eventually come to be owned by
intelligence sources now it could be
ours
it could be another country but I don't
know that there's an exception because
it's too tempting and the stakes are too
high so of course they would of course
they were trying so that's just a
general statement I don't know if this
is true either can't believe anything
anymore but apparently Adam Schiff
allegedly announced that he wanted to
hold the Intelligence Committee meetings
by zum-zum is the video conferencing
software that has its servers in China
now I think they're trying to fix that
but at the moment zoom is literally
famous for being the least secure
platform in the world if you tried to be
secure from China specifically it would
be the least secure thing you could
possibly do and Adam Schiff is going to
use this for the Intelligence Committee
now if tomorrow I find out that was fake
news don't say I didn't suspect it okay
because it's you know this story's a
little on the nose that I've used that
example before when a story seems a
little too perfect your way today and it
turns out it didn't happen it's fake
news I'm gonna say this was a little too
on the nose it could be their shift says
we will use teleconferencing and then
maybe somebody added the Zoom part
because they thought it was funny so you
could find out that that's not true by
tomorrow I would guess
so India India has an app for tracking
their population and contact tracing I
don't know the details but we shall know
we shall know if India has any success
with that because they have one thinking
to use it and I think that was the main
stuff I wanted to talk about but there's
one other thing I need to do and maybe
if you have any questions you could ask
them in the comments but I got to give
myself a haircut now this is normally
Christina's job but we're in social
isolation so I can't go to the
barbershop and Christina can't do it so
I have to cut my own hair so if you
don't mind to have any questions
[Music]
ah that feels good
slide over to dr. Shiva's scope oh
that's the business that's some good
stuff right there what do you think of
the governor of Michigan oh I don't know
I don't really know too much about the
governor's it does seem to be
interesting that President Trump is
having this love fest with all the
governors whoever thought that would
happen but but I think he's playing it
perfectly do you think there will be a
vaccine I do not I don't think there
will be a vaccine now or ever there
might be a vaccine that they call it a
vaccine and it might might work for some
people some of the time but at this
point I would not bet on it by the way
I'm using you as a mere because I'm
watching myself here
[Music]
mhm
I've been blocking people by like crazy
[Music]
because a lot of people are coming after
me the last couple days so it's been
quite a block of home when I think of
Trump's press conference I thought it
was one of his best I like how he
co-opted it to turn it into basically a
campaign ad with us showing his campaign
commercial that was that was pretty
funny yeah you know I think foul she did
have a solid by volunteering to get up
there and to clarify that trope always
did what ouchy asked him to do
[Music]
whatever you wanna say is okay
[Music]
so starting around the end of April or
May second or so you're going to see all
the characters of the Dilbert comic
wearing facemasks or work you from home
so the Dilbert comic is going to go the
way of it's gonna be good the way the
rest of the world and the characters
will be wearing masks for a while except
I have to predict what the when they'll
stop wearing masks and I don't know what
that's going to be
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
those what they actually
we have Hatch Act oh you should block
yourself all right well you don't have
to ask them watch the rest of this
somebody says they're stoned and eating
a Big Mac well good for you
oil your clippers after use good idea
all right that's all I got for now and I
will see you all in the morning and
tonight you're gonna have the best night
of sleep so just think about here's your
assignment if you tried to get to sleep
and you have the thoughts I want you to
imagine getting your hair cut or if
you're a woman imagine you know having
your hair done so as a thought to relax
you just picture yourself getting your
hair cut how it feels the sound of the
Clippers the smells the whole experience
and just put yourself in that scene
because it's sort of a relaxing
situation it's sort of a relaxing
situation because someone else is doing
the work so try that would be good
diversion all right
that's all for now I will talk to you in
the board