mmm boom-boom-boom-boom everybody get in
here as soon as we get a thousand people
I will explain to you why fox news's
move to file an amicus brief meaning to
be on the same side as CNN in their
lawsuit against the administration on
the topic of Jim Acosta is access to the
White House is brilliant but you think
it's stupid not you necessarily every
one of you but based on my Twitter feed
people are canceling their Fox News
subscriptions are all mad they think Fox
News has blown it they're pretty sure
that I'm wrong this time
let me tell you what you're missing Fox
News just played one of the greatest
high ground maneuvers you might ever see
it is so smart on a risk reward risk
management level it's just one of the
best examples you'll ever see here's
what's right about it and I see people
arguing hey it's not about the
Constitution it's not about freedom of
the press because the kosta can still
get in he just has to get a day pass hey
it's not about the Constitution it's not
about the freedom of press
it's about acosta not giving the
microphone back to the intern it was bad
behavior weeds weeds weeds you're lost
in the weeds if you're arguing about
whether it's about him taking the
microphone or being too rude you're lost
in the weeds if you're talking about
whether he has a constitutional right to
be in the White House asking questions
versus just somebody replacing him
you're in the weeds if you think there's
a difference between the hard pass and
this and the soft pass and we should
understand that and that makes a
difference you're in the weeds
you've been left behind by Fox News who
is now operating up here here's how
first of all does Fox News want the
world to have less Jim Acosta or more
Jim Acosta think about it Jim Acosta is
the rodeo clown of white house
correspondence he's essentially up
against Fox News's offerings which which
offered John Roberts
one of the most capable experienced
dependable unbiased white house
correspondents you're ever likely to see
I'm a little biased because I met him
once he interviewed me at my house years
ago but Jim Acosta rodeo clown versus
John Roberts that's a good matchup for
Fox News they don't want less Jim Acosta
but here's the smart part so there so
there's nothing at there's nothing lost
or even risk from Fox News perspective
they have no risk because probably you
know the lawsuit was going to go the way
it was going to go Fox News's opinion on
this probably makes no difference to the
outcome at the same time they get to say
we're supporting the higher principle of
freedom of the press and now I know what
you're saying wait a minute that's not
the issue it's not about freedom of the
press it's about hard pass versus soft
pass it's about taking the microphone
from somebody you're lost in the weeds
you're missing the whole play you could
be a hundred percent of right about what
you're saying it just isn't very
important it just doesn't matter you're
completely right you're just irrelevant
and now what foxnews is doing is they're
taking a free punch they have a free
punch with no cost they can simply say
hey we love freedom of the press and
here's the fun part we're disagreeing
with the administration what is the
biggest problem that Fox News has right
now their biggest problem is that
they're seen as a wholly owned
subsidiary of the presidency they're
seen as not independent this act is
clearly something the White House is now
supporting so it shows their
independence for free the outcome is
still going to be the outcome they're
not changing any outcomes uh-huh all
they did was take a free punch they got
a free opportunity to show independence
from the administration hold on and they
took it and they also took the high
ground in favor of freedom of the press
yes yes yes you're saying this isn't
about freedom of the press you're
missing the point
they've taken a stand in front in favor
of the freedom of the press as
irrational as it might be as unconnected
to the facts as it is not the point
they're taking the high ground and it
feels like the high ground and it looks
like the I ground we're going to
remember it as the high ground and
someday somebody's going to say to Fox
News you only ever agree with the
president and Fox News hosts and pundits
will be able to say here's an example
where you're clearly wrong here we are
disagreeing with the president as
clearly as you could disagree so I guess
we don't always agree with the president
do we for free they got that for free
they paid nothing for that the high
ground maneuver when it's used right is
is just such a devastating blow to the
other team that there's just nothing you
can do to it it's in it's honest
now the people who are angry and I'm
seeing people I'm on my Twitter feed who
are canceling their Fox News
subscription and they're never gonna
watch it again what the hell else are
you gonna watch are you gonna watch the
other television show that says all the
things you like I don't think so
you're not and you're gonna slowly come
back to Fox News and they will have
demonstrated independence and they will
demonstrate it that they'll even take
the opposition side when the principle
is the constitution oh I know what
you're saying the principle is not the
Constitution we're only talking about
taking microphones and day passes versus
hard passes there is no constitutional
question here at all you're a hundred
percent right and you're on the wrong
topic you're in the weeds Fox News isn't
in the weeds anymore
Fox News is up here now it doesn't
matter that your facts are all true
they're just not relevant because Fox
News had a free shot a free punch and
they took it it's brilliant so let me
let me see some arguments here I'm
seeing lots of arguments on Twitter but
I thought I would come here and just do
it once and then I'll just pin it to my
pin it to my Twitter feed so that people
who care about this stuff can look at it
so that's all I had to say for today and
I will talk to you later