hey everybody come on in here coming to
you today from my car couldn't wait so
I'm in the parking lot at my gym getting
ready to go in and I thought I would
give you a quick prediction related to
Julian Assange and it's a one of these
really rare situations where you have a
clean set up for a prediction because
sometimes you know you have these
complicated situations where you could
make a prediction and then you know you
wouldn't really know if which variables
really mattered in the end but here's
the situation so the the pickup of
Julian Assange is a situation like maybe
I can't think of ever seen before and
what makes it different is that number
one it doesn't conform to either
political party's brand in other words
the whole Assange situation is political
and yet we're not entirely sure which
side we're supposed to be on what was
the last time you saw that all right so
hold that thought
the other thing about it is that it
doesn't look like anything we've ever
seen before
the closest thing is some people might
say well I mean I've heard stories of
spies but that's not really what's going
on here or is it we don't know so its
uniqueness gives us no historical
pattern to guide our thoughts but here's
the fun part we also don't have a team
guide we don't know which side were
supposed to be on and so you've seen the
entire country going crazy trying to
quickly figure out what side they're on
now I think that by maybe tonight by the
later opinion shows I think you might
see some sides forming and so here's the
prediction that if you talk to anybody
about the Assange situation and the next
24 hours opinions are just gonna be all
over the place because for the first
time the first time you've ever seen it
the media has not yet assigned your
opinion that's what's different I don't
I can't think of another example because
it's so fresh that the media has not
decided Ric and then our take on this is
going to be X all right Fox News this is
the way we're going on this this is the
conservative view this is what our
audience would like we don't know yet
and I don't know if they know yet so it
might be all over the board for a bad
day but inevitably they're gonna star a
be testing towards something like a
position that their audience responds to
and they're gonna figure it out quickly
because they can see what gets clicks
every time they put a story out there
look at the headlines and they say ooh
this one that was anti Assange got a lot
of clicks but maybe only on CNN maybe a
similar headline over at Fox News on
their website gets half as many clicks
so I think you're go see that the media
will line up toward unified but opposite
points of view and when they do all of
those independent opinions that you used
to see are going to start merging into
the two sides and you've never seen this
in real time that you know it's
unfolding as we're as we're watching so
that's the prediction you'll see random
opinions converging into real time
because the news organizations can test
what their audience wants to see and
that will become the opinion that they
solidify on and then magnify out so that
they'll be assigning positions to people
who have not yet to had positions but
are on that team that's what to look for
and correct me if I'm wrong but I have
you ever seen anything like this at
least that dynamic that people don't
already have an obvious predetermined
pre-assigned position we just
now we're we're totally in the fog of
war on this so we have no idea where
this will go we don't know if anything
we've heard is true usually you know 48
hours from now you should assume you're
gonna hear things that you thought were
true that aren't etc so let's just talk
about a few things the same true right
now just for fun
what is when I listen to Pompeyo talk
about WikiLeaks being an organization
that's acting like a forward intelligent
enemy he seems like he's telling you the
way he really feels in other words it's
a very emotional and genuine looking so
when he talks about you know wanting to
stop WikiLeaks this is Mike Pompeo that
looks real to me that looks like his
actual opinion so I'm gonna say that in
all likelihood there are members of the
Trump administration who really want to
take Assange down and really want to
take WikiLeaks down and maybe even for
some of them it feels it feels kind of
personal but I'm gonna say another
obvious thing which is it's unlikely
that everybody agrees and the person who
is least likely to end up on that same
position which is crucifying Assange the
person least likely to end up there is
President Trump and here's what for
president Trump's perspective no matter
how directly or indirectly he was
involved in making a this happened you
assume he approved it um but you don't
know if he was driving it or just going
along with it so we'll find out that
stuff later but this is my isn't it
weird that he hasn't weighed in because
until the president way their ways in
Fox News doesn't know what to agree with
and the CNN doesn't know what to
disagree with so it could be that the
point that matters is the very first
tweet from the president this seems to
lean in one direction
about messange so that gives everybody
something to agree with or disagree with
and that probably won't determine the
the two teams so I think maybe
everybody's gotta wait for that and it
would be brilliant for Trump to not
respond you know that the guy who
understands the show better than anybody
ever has I think he understands that
this is one of those situations were
going quiet on this topic we'll build
suspense and it could be fascinating
just to watch what happens if he just
stays quiet just on this topic it
doesn't have to be forever it could be a
day it could be two days but it would be
interesting for him to stay quiet on
this just to see what happens yeah here
if I were Trump and I were a deal maker
by Nature and I was strategic by Nature
I would say that you had just gained
leverage over Assange and if you
suspected that maybe Russia had leverage
over him or nobody had leverage over him
this would be an upgrade because now the
United States has leverage over somebody
who knows a lot of stuff now if you were
Trump what is your best play here your
best play is since Assange has in the
past seemed a little bit pro-trump
meaning that you know Trump and Assange
are more likely to make a deal than the
sons plus anybody because the song has
been unambiguously as far as I could
tell kind of Pro dropped and he's also
floated the idea of a pardon for in
exchange for information pretty soon
president Trump will maybe even be in
the room with him who knows I mean
anything could happen
I'm sure the intelligence people would
strongly advise against that
but that's Trump you can do what he
wants if you were Trump wouldn't you put
yourself in the same room with Julian
Assange pretty quickly come on
wouldn't you you're the president you
can
any damn thing you want you know you can
at least in this context you would put
yourself in the room with them and you
make sure nobody else was listening I
sure would be that would be close to the
first thing I do yeah I know every smart
person would say don't do that I'd still
do it anyway but whether or not the
president does that maybe we should be
happy if he followed expert opinion
which I assume would tell him not to do
that for a variety of reasons but the
president has the ability now to find
out some percentage of what Julian
Assange knows that nobody else knows and
how valuable is that going to be well
who knows because maybe he doesn't know
anything we don't know but there's a
good chance that even on topics we don't
even know we're in the news there's a
good chance that Julian Assange knows
some really really helpful things for
Trump now let me ask you this if Trump
were to ultimately let's say not pardon
Assange people would blame Trump for
prosecuting it it's his administration
he could pardon pardon him he could stop
it he could make a deal so they will
blame him so the president will end up
taking the blame or the credit for no
matter what happens let's say Assange is
pardoned in return for valuable
information would anybody not vote for
the president because of that well maybe
a few hardcore intelligence people you
have people close to that community but
the general public would just hear Trump
made a deal he got something and we
don't really care what happens to
Assange the country got something it won
so I think people would not change their
vote because it but now let's look at
the other way let's say let's say that
let's say the Trump went hard and
Assange and just tricking locked him up
even wall Assange was at least as far as
the public now
was offering to make a deal and having
something that a song sense is worth
training would the public be okay with
that if they if what they saw was not
everything that could be seen because
the public doesn't know all the good
stuff you know the stuff under the hood
but the public would see trumped coming
down hard on the sons and and they would
think it wasn't necessary because it
would look like Assange had something to
bargain with that would cost him votes
wouldn't it so the fact that they
brought him in on what looks like a
light charge which I understand the the
jail time involved for somebody who
didn't have priors for the charge could
be a zero jail that's right we may have
laundered Assange let me say that again
this may be a messange laundering
operation meaning an intentional process
to put him through the legal system and
have him come out the other end with no
jail so that so that he gets something
well would he offer in return
what would he offer in return now my
guess is that this is not all thought
out in advance I don't think that
there's anybody in the administration
who has a master plan you know including
at the beginning and the end of this
whole process and where they wanted to
end up I don't think that's case I think
it's probably a bunch of people pursuing
the law as they think they should doing
their jobs having different opinions
about Assange and what should happen
having different political opinions so
it's probably just a whole bunch of
people with different opinions how many
of those different opinions matter only
one it's probably only one person who
matters Trump and Julian Assange
everybody else would only matter if
those two people didn't feel like
mattering for some
in other words if the president didn't
weigh in well then he wouldn't matter
but if he does he's the only one that
matters so you know I have to look at
anything except what is good for Trump
coming down hard on the signs when it
looks like maybe there was some deal
some information to be had would look
like a political mistake to me because
it would cost votes that way but it
wouldn't cost him votes to make a deal
that people just wouldn't like but they
would not vote for him because of it so
that's my political opinion on that
anyway
so I wanted to put out the prediction
that until Trump speaks it's going to be
hard for the media to take sides and you
can see more more weird varied all over
the map opinions and you've ever seen on
the political topic because people's
opinions have not yet been assigned and
as soon as they are assigned and it'll
happen the moment that Trump makes an
opinion on this then you're gonna see
people take sides quickly and when you
watch it in real time it will fascinate
you to see how quickly the population
can be brainwashed so this is sort of a
national brainwashing experiment you've
never seen a sign up like this before
where there's no historical pattern to
look at that's like the Assange
situation and we don't already have an
opinion that matches up Democrat versus
Republican we it's just so rare and yet
it's a very political thing think of one
other situation like that so you can
watch in real time how people struggle
to have an opinion and then the media
will eventually take their cue from the
president they'll take sides and then
they will assign the opinions it's gonna
be fun to watch all right that's all for
now