bum pumpin pumpin pumpin pumpin pumpin
pumpin oh you know what time it is yes
you do that's why you're all piling in
here grabbing the good seats up front
it's because you know that this is the
time for the best part of your day the
part that makes everything better it's
called the simultaneous it and for a
good reason
did I say for a good reason for a good
reason
fer good reason would be what your dog
is but join me now for a little thing
I'd like to call the simultaneous imp
all you need to play long as the copper
mugger glasses sniff thirst I'm jealous
tanker thermos Lankes flask canteen
Grail goblet vessel of any kind filling
with your favorite like go ahead and
join me to hell for that great moment
the moment of simultaneity in which we
sip simultaneously for that dope
immediate of the day here it comes go
yep best ever
so the she impeachment is getting more
and more fun it turns out that the whole
quid pro quo framing of the president's
horrible horrible crimes you know the
crime of talking to another leader yeah
it turns out that quid pro quo being
Latin was not landing in the Rust Belt
states so I don't know who saw this
coming but it turns out that the voters
in the Rust Belt they don't speak as
much Latin as you might have thought and
so when they hear that the president was
involved in a quid pro quo they think
doesn't sound
so bad to me and that's a problem
because nowhere in the Constitution does
it say you can repeat your president for
a Latin phrase called quid pro quo which
would apply to pretty much every
negotiation the president and everyone
else what is one of the problems with
the quid pro quo what's the big problem
with it if I've taught you anything in
my prior books not my new book which is
the best one yet
called loser think and you can order it
today but in a prior book I told you
that an argument that is susceptible to
what I call the high ground and maneuver
is not a good argument did you see that
that finally you saw some people going
high ground on this and it made quid pro
quo go away the high ground is to simply
point out that every conversation among
leaders has a direct or an implied quid
pro quo so you can't really impeach
somebody for doing what is the basic job
of the president which is every time he
talks to another leader there should be
a little bit of a sense of what we want
to get out of that so quid pro quo
wasn't working so Nancy Pelosi and now
the the media is following along as they
do when they've changed the word to
bribery why did they change it to
bribery
because bribery is specifically a word
in the Constitution as one of the
grounds for impeachment if there's a
bribery here's what the Democrats have
hilariously somehow missed their bribery
is supposed to work the other way
bribery I'm pretty sure I'm pretty sure
they're bribery was in the Constitution
as another country bribing our president
is it bribery when our president tries
to coerce another leader to do something
that the public
this country wants also good for the
president and for his reelection but the
public wants it too
we'd like to know what's going on with
purissima what's going on with our
foreign aid you know is it going to a
safe place is it going to a place that
bribed the guy who might be the next
president we'd like to know
so the hilarious part is that sometime
in the next 24 hours
somebody's going to point out that they
got bribery backwards it was I think now
I'm no constitutional scholar so I just
tweeted that Dershowitz to give me a
fact jack did they mean bribery as in us
bribing another country because I think
we do that a lot we do a lot of bribing
of other countries if you mean we won't
give you something unless you do
something for us I think that's all we
do like we're a big bribe and country if
we wake up and our country isn't bribe
in some other country we're just not we
didn't go to work that day in fact the
only time the United States is not
actively bribing other countries is on
vacation days when we're not working
during the work days it's pretty much
bribery all day long we'll give you
something if you give us something so
that's hilarious and by the way this I I
didn't even have this realization myself
which i think is funny the realization
that bribery should go the other way
it's like when our president gets bribed
that's the impeachable thing I didn't
even think of that
for some reason until Jeff Cooper
pointed it out on Twitter at at Koopa
Palooza
I won't even spell it because it's too
long but Jeff Cooper said that first all
right so I had to look up the definition
of bribery so here's the merriam-webster
definition because we're all going to be
talking about today so a bribery here's
the definition is the offering giving
receiving or solicit
there's something of value for the
purpose of influencing action of an
official in the discharge of his or her
public or legal duties okay also money
or favor given or promised in order to
influence the judgment or conduct of a
person in a position of trust in a
position of trust so if you give money
to somebody to influence their judgment
or conduct and they're in a position of
trust it's a bribe so you're probably
bribing your spouse all week long but
that's between you and your spouse all
right I think this whole bribery thing
is just gonna go down in flames as
people are pointing out in the in the
comments that they're gonna have to
explain how Joe Biden was not bribing
when he threatened Ukraine that they
better get rid of that prosecutor
because the prosecutor was looking into
Purisima and even though there were
other reasons to get rid of this
prosecutor politically it's a good
question logically of course the answer
is that Biden was not at least on paper
he wasn't doing it because of his son
just coincidentally was good for his son
which if I'm gonna be consistent if it's
true that Biden asked for something that
other officials were asked before and
was just generally good for the United
States which is get rid of this corrupt
prosecutor it doesn't matter if it's
also good for his son and also good for
him it's the same argument I'm making
about Trump I'm saying that what Biden
did was almost certainly not illegal it
was questionable
it was swampy we need to ask questions
about it but if he was getting rid of
that prosecutor because everybody wanted
to get rid of the prosecutor and it was
just good for the United States Europe
thought it was a good idea it just
doesn't matter if it's also good for Joe
Biden and his son it just doesn't matter
alright Fox I'm sorry CNN is reporting
that Fox is trying to trick you Fox is
trying to trick you and and this this is
going to be hard I don't know if Fox can
pull this off but apparently CNN is
reporting the Fox is trying to persuade
you and I don't know how they can ever
do this but apparently Fox is trying to
persuade you that the hearings are dull
I don't know I like their odds that's
very tricky of Fox to persuade you that
the hearings are boring that's going to
be a stretch I don't know how they're
ever going to make that case because
when I turn it on scintillating I feel
alive when I'm watching those hearings
so I guess CNN has a good point Fox is
trying to Gaslight you they're trying to
Gaslight you into thinking that those
incredibly interesting hearings are
actually boring when you're lying eyes
know otherwise all right so I would say
that the the Democrats changing from
quid pro quo to bribery which is simply
another no-win
framing they basically can't win with
that the bribery thing will just follow
up it'll it'll shatter in front of this
it might take a few days but it's not a
winning proposition and I think that
that signals the death spiral if they
can't even figure out what it is he's
done it's like well we want to impeach
him but we'll try to figure out a word
for it that actually makes sense because
if you have to if you have to change the
word for it what it what is the signal
there if they have to change the words
that refer to those actions why do they
have to do that I think it's because if
you look at the actions you can't figure
out what's wrong with it yeah
used this example before but if you if
you could magically find somebody who
had never heard of President Trump and
never heard of the issue about the
Ukranian phone call they never watched
the news but somehow they knew about
what our American system was they knew
everything except they had never watched
the news if magically such a person
existed and you said hey I wanted to
describe this phone call and this
situation with Ukraine tell me what you
think of it and if he didn't lead the
witness and say do you think it's legal
or illegal you just described it what
would this independent person who had
never watched the news and had never had
their opinion assigned it to them like
most people who watch the news have what
would they say about it I think they'd
say why are you asking me it just sounds
like a phone call between two leaders I
don't think they'd see anything it's
it's the assigning the word to it that
criminalizes something that the average
voter would say that's illegal I don't
even know why you would say that's a bad
thing I don't even get it so so the quid
pro quo didn't work because those Rus
belters are not speaking a lot of Latin
surprise came as quite a surprise to me
I I thought the entire Midwest spoke
Latin but I'm finding out that they're
mostly English speaking so quid pro quo
didn't work but maybe bribery will
bribery backwards bribery I mean it's
not the regular kind it's the kind where
you both give something out of it and
where our president is trying to
influence someone else to do something
the public wants we'll see where that
goes
all right the other funny story is that
North Korea unloaded on Joe Biden
so I don't know how I could enjoy this
anymore North Korea for all of its you
know dangers and and and difficulties
you can't say they're not funny I mean
I'd like to say they're not funny but
they're funny and so they unloaded on
Joe Biden who who must have been talking
tough about them and they think of him
these are quotes they're translated but
their quotes a profiteer and of course
you know are they're getting that from a
prophet here so that they're watching
the news and watching the Bur yzma stuff
so they they call Joe Biden not even a
hunter Biden they called Joe Biden a
prophet here who ran for the two failed
presidential elections they're basically
just quoting Trump here who is now going
zealous so this is a translation I guess
or maybe they wrote it in English and
they're not so good with English I don't
know which one it was but there he but
he's now going zealous Joe Biden he's
not going rogue he's going zealous in
another presidential election campaign
this is what they actually say in North
Korea
wandering about like a starving wild dog
he must be a dotard maniac greedy for
power oh they're not done yet such rabid
dogs as Biden can hurt lots of people if
they are allowed to run about they must
they must they must be beaten to death
with a stick before it is too late I
think the funniest part about this is
before it's too late
like according to North Korea there's
some so there's some urgency to this
they're nothing they're not just saying
he's a person who should be beaten with
sticks no they put a timer on it
they say you better hurry you better get
the stick get the sticks because time is
running out you
better hurry now I think North Korea is
probably is probably reading the same
polls than we are they see Joe Biden
leading and there's they're suddenly
seeing their whole country going up in a
nuclear fireball because they're gonna
be dealing with this dotard who was
wandering around he's uh what does he
he's wandering around like a starving
wild dog and and he must be beaten to
death with a stick before it is too late
before it's too late
if they had landed me before it's too
late part it would be nearly as funny
but it makes you think past the sale
they're learning for Trump before it's
due latest Trump talk I've taught I've
given you a million examples of this by
adding before it's too late they make
you think about the question about
whether there's a timing issue to the
beating him to death of the stick so
they're so the way they've worded it
it's very Trump like persuasion they
make you think past the sale the sale is
that he should be beaten to death with a
stick I mean making you think past that
to what's the best timing is this
something you could put off can we wait
till tomorrow
do it do we need to get a stick right
now should you drop what you're doing is
it is there something we should do by
the end of the week when when should we
beat him to death with a stack because
you don't want to do it at the wrong
time I would be that would be a huge
mistake yeah hey we beat him to death
with a stick but we waited too long I
could not enjoy the news any more than I
do now the interesting thing about this
oh and then they closed it off this is
the best part I forget cuz was on a
separate page when I put it you know I
forgot the best part I have
read it all together all right so this
is the past that the part I left out so
they must be they must be beaten to
death with a stick meaning Biden before
it's too late
doing so will will be beneficial to the
us too so so Kim jong-un is pointing out
that the best thing that the United
States could do is beat Biden to death
with us I think it's fair that they're
giving us advice because after all you
remember that great many of the
president Trump reign in which in which
he gave advice basically to North Korea
and he showed the video of how they
could be like South Korea and they could
have a great industry and you know if
they you know if they play well with the
United States they can have economic a
that things will be growing great so I
mean we gave them advice how to grow
their economy and become a prosperous
nation I think it's only fair that they
give us some advice back that we should
we should be Biden to death with a stick
you forced that's what that's what
friends are for friends are forgiving
good advice like that now the tricky
part here is that apparently President
Trump has offered has offered Kim
jong-un economic aid if they you know if
they D nuclear ice and it seems like
there's a little quid pro quo going on
here because now Kim jong-un is writing
campaign commercials for President Trump
now isn't that bribery is that bribery
because President Trump has offered they
that North Korea should they get rid of
the nuclear program that they can have
economic aid and in return for such a
generous offer
Kim jong-eun is doing campaign
commercials for president Trump solely
to get him re-elected
it looks like bribery to me impeach and
beat all right let's move on to another
topic so while everybody is talking
about impeachment and bribery and quid
pro quo all of the nonsense quietly and
with no fanfare whatsoever The Wall
Street Journal is reporting that the
Trump administration on Friday released
a far-reaching plan that would for the
first time force hospitals and insurers
to disclose their secret negotiated
rates administration officials said the
final rule will compel hospitals in 2021
to publicize the rates they negotiate
with individual insurers for all
services including drugs supplies
facility fees and care by doctors who
work for the facility now if you don't
know how big a deal that is it's a real
big deal because pretty much everybody
who knows anything about anything
says hey Bill anybody who knows anything
about anything knows that if you if you
create a price transparency with these
hospitals and insurers and with the
medical industry in general prices are
going to go down fast because people
will start shopping for better deals the
medical industry is what I call and I
coined this word years ago it can fuse
awfully the reason that they can charge
high prices
the entire medical field is that you
don't know what to compare it to you
can't shop for a better price because
you can't tell what you're paying you
don't know what the other ones paying
you just don't know it's all invisible
it's called a confuse appellee it's how
it's how companies exist
with competition without being competed
down in price so they're still competing
but not on price so that's what a
confuse appellee does nobody can shop
because you just can't tell and the
Trump administration now barring legal
challenges because I understand this
will be challenged in the courts of
course by the by the people affected it
will have less profit but this is one of
the biggest things that's ever happened
in at least in if you don't count Wars
you know big international threats if
you don't count international external
threats this ruling is one of the
biggest things that's ever happened in
the United States because it's gonna
have so much impact presumably so much
impact on your prices for all practical
purposes this is a tax cut to think
about it this is a tax cut to the middle
class
it just works through the system in
different ways for different people was
basically an enormous tax cut or it
could be overtime if the market doesn't
say now what is it that the Democrats
did this week well what the Democrats
did is they tried to come up with new
words for negotiating with a foreign
leader that's what they did Democrats
came up with new words for the president
doing his job so that they could use the
words to impeach him that's what they
did for you what the Trump
administration did for you is
potentially if a good if it succeeds
through the courts and I think it will I
mean it doesn't seem like it's that it
doesn't seem like I'll ating anybody's
rights necessarily at least not anyway
that we don't have precedent it looks
like one of the most successful
important things that's ever happened in
the history of the country and
this is right up there in the you know
top 10 of big deals so you got that
going on now here's a thing which I
wonder if the Democrats have considered
this so they're making the the face of
impeachment is Adam Schiff and I don't
know if the optics are good here because
Adam Schiff has a face that says pick me
last for dodgeball you see that right if
you see Adam shifts face what's the
first thought that goes through your
mind my first thought is I'm picking you
last for dodgeball and that's the face
of your like main guy he's the face of
impeachment your only hope it's our only
hope
sorry it's our only hope
and they put last place dodgeball
selection as their face anyway I just
thought I'd point that out I'd like to
teach you that persuasion matters and
and visual persuasion is more important
than anything and if the visual that
you're putting on impeachment is pick me
last for dodgeball face I don't know if
you've done your best job maybe not
and then the person who's most famous
for being wrong about Russia collusion
he just moves it to Ukraine
another russian-speaking country right
it's all russian-speaking or is there a
Ukrainian language I feel I feel dumb
that I don't know that give me a fact
check on that how many Ukrainians speak
Russian or is there a Ukrainian language
that's exactly the sort of thing I
should know being a modern person in the
modern world but I don't all right
Don jr. had a funny tweet to Whoopi
Goldberg
I'll just read his tweet I guess this
was yesterday from Don jr. he said happy
birthday Whoopi give my best to your
fugitive friend Roman meaning Roman
Polanski and thanks for hating on me and
kg kimberly guilfoyle so much it got me
to number one and the New York Times
bestseller you're welcome for the
highest ratings in months perhaps
someone perhaps have someone on the show
who doesn't hate America
hashtag triggered hashtag one oh my god
that's so much fun now what I just have
to tell you this I probably shouldn't I
probably shouldn't tell you this but I'm
gonna tell you anyway so Don jr. has the
number one book nonfiction book in the
country it's a big deal it's a big deal
he's also pretty busy right I mean you
would say those two things are true
Don juniors got the number one book in
the country he's pretty busy despite
that I get a message from him you're
just on Twitter saying congratulations
for my book being on the bestseller list
now you never hear like the personal
stories of any of these people are in
the news but I gotta tell you he's a
good guy and he was he was he was
congratulating me and my little book kid
being you know number five on the
self-help list when he's got the
best-selling book in the whole freaking
world he's a good guy
so you probably wouldn't want me to tell
you that but I did anyway
ba-bump ba-bump poem I think that's
about all I got
well thank you for joining me for the
laughs of the day and I hope you all
enjoyed simultaneously sipping I hope
you also will watch me on some of my
many podcasts of interviews there'll be
quite a few of them I'm doing more
podcasts than regular interviews this
time because the podcasts are the long
form and the long form interview I'm
just better at that I think so it's just
more interesting I don't have to like
pack all my my talking points into three
minutes for an interview and I'm getting
amazing reviews for the book which makes
me very happy and alright that's all for
today I hope you have a chance to check
out loser think and it would make me
happy if you do and I'll talk to you
tomorrow