[Music]
good morning everybody and welcome to
the highlight of human civilization it's
called coffee with Scott Adams would you
like to take this up to a level that
nobody can even understand well to do
that all you need is a CER muger glass a
tanker Chell ofy in a canteen Jugger
flask a vessel of any kind fill it with
your favorite liquid I like coffee
and join me now for the unparallel
pleasure the dopamine hit of the day the
thing that makes everything better it's
called the simultaneous sip is happening
now
go oh extra
good one of the best well happy Black
History Month I hope you're enjoying
your coffee black in honor of the
month uh let's see how Oakland is
celebrating Black History Month they're
shuttering the only
Denny's in Oakland okay that's probably
a coincidence but there's no more
Denny's in
Oakland now the thing I'm most worried
about is that this is not the first food
related place that was closed in
Oakland and I live a short drive from
Oakland so what happens when all of
their food sour Es are closed because of
crime and I'm just a few minutes away by
car stolen
car and I'm completely made of
meat I don't like the where this is
heading I do predict massive
cannibalism uh in the areas surrounding
Oakland within the next six months so
better Fight for Your
Life well California is uh having a
ballot initiative a ballot initiative is
what we do because our government
doesn't work so sometimes the voters
will say well hell with the government
we'll just do it ourselves we'll make
our own law it's called a budget no it's
called a uh uh a ballot initiative and
so California is doing a ballot
initiative to make it illegal to do
crime okay I might be paraphrasing it a
little bit too much but they want to
strengthen the penalties for serial
theft and fenal related crimes yeah you
know the very things that are destroying
the
city well all the cities and uh so the
California citizens want to have a
little
more little more penalty for
Crime so it's possible that I will be
able to survive living in California
I'll tell you it was tough yesterday so
yesterday uh the news said there was
going to be this big Pineapple Express
you know storm of
Storms and so I'm not going to show this
to you closely but it turns out that
there was a a force field around my
town that prevented any Heavy Rain or
weather for some reason you know the the
entire you know County after County was
just you know deluged but there's a
little there's this little Island right
there where I am H it sprinkled a little
bit no big deal kind of a disappointment
all
right uh the New York Post is is
reporting that uh there's a Connecticut
no there's a where is it there's a high
school in somewhere in New York that uh
they have state designated tampon
dispensers in the boys rooms so in the
boys's bathroom they had a state
mandated tampon dispenser that lasted 20
minutes until one of the boys or more of
them ripped it off the
wall they just ripped it Off the Wall
now does anybody have
sons do any of you have young Sons you
let's say under
18 there's no such thing as a young boy
who's woke is
there there's basically I suppose if
you're lgbtq maybe but I don't I don't
think there are many woke boys there
might be some woke girls
I don't know but there aren't any woke
boys that's just not even a
thing we'll see if they uh get tamed
later when they need to they need to
earn a living and live in the real world
they they'll get to they'll get trained
they'll get trained to obey
unfortunately Dave Rubin was
interviewing Dr Drew and Dr Drew said
something that I completely agree with
but it's just shocking to hear it you
know cing out of anybody else's mouth
but especially a doctor and he said
quote I realized that everything in the
news is BS everything there is nothing I
can consume on Legacy Media that I can
trust and that is shocking it makes you
wonder how long it's been going on uh I
didn't realize how much speech was
being that's kind of where I'm at um I
do agree that
100% of the news is motivated
it's more like marketing isn't it so if
you really think about the news is
almost entirely marketing because almost
nothing makes it on the news unless
somebody has a way to make money from it
directly or indirectly you know even if
it's just purely
political if your party wins because of
that political Point well then you get
to be in power and maybe you make more
money so pretty much all of the news is
some kind of
marketing for something else to to
imagine that its purpose is to inform
you and make you a better citizen I
don't know if it ever was that I guess
that was probably illus an illusion at
was some
point well my theme for today is that
all of our data is
bad let's see if I can uh make that
theme come true all of our data and
everything in the news is
bad uh so there's a survey the found
that uh humans prefer AI generated copy
so uh they did a survey and found that a
bunch of people preferred reading what
the computer wrote over what humans
wrote does that sound like good data and
something useful and told you something
you should
know well here's the part left out a
little bit of
context 98% of all people who write
human beings that is don't how to
write there are very few people actually
know how to write so if the
uh so if the uh
computer um does a better job than 98%
of humans that's just starting
out it's beating the other 2% that's a
hard part yeah you know what else uh
let's say I'm uh 66 years old I could be
about 90% of all living human beings in
basketball probably I bet I could beat
98% of all living human beings in
basketball because they don't
play it's just not their game if you've
never played you know I could probably
hit a shot better than
you so I don't I'm not too worried about
the computer doing better than
professional writers yet it could get
there but I don't think the current
technology can do
it all right let's talk about fonny
Willis so fonnie is the one uh I'm I'm
getting all the bad behaviors mixed up
she's only one of the people in the news
but it's not complete she's just one of
the people who took money from some
source and gave it to her
boyfriend because there there's at least
two or three of those stories going on
right now
because everything's broken and corrupt
all right yeah so Corey Bush and fonnie
are both uh having some issues about
some money that they gave to a
boyfriend's one from a campaign and one
from public money Funny's from the
public money taking it from the campaign
is that's a different situation I would
say um anyway now the Free Beacon has
some audio of a whistleblower who is
complaining to funny Willis and and uh
about her top Aid misusing federal
funds and so what did fonnie do when the
Whistleblower said that her top Aid was
misusing federal
funds if you guess she fired The
Whistleblower you're right she fired
fired
whistleblower um those of you who
subscribe to the Dilbert reborn comic
will find out that Dilbert
CEO has just hired a high-priced
consultant that is probably his
girlfriend so if you want if you want to
see how fast dilber can turn the news
into a comic well a lot faster than it
used to be because I don't have any
syndication company to get in the middle
so if you subscribe to it either on uh
the xplatform or the locals platform you
already saw
it so what do you think about this story
about uh fonny
Willis uh firing a whistle whistleblower
and maybe allegedly giving money to her
boyfriend to prosecute Trump well you
know what I say about that it all sounds
a little funny to
me I told you all the news is funny this
is the funniest story I ever read in a
while it's very
funny all right moving
on um have you seen some stories that
suggest that dementia can be transmitted
to another person Alzheimer I think and
dementia has everybody seen that
science like I'm not sure I believe it
yet because I don't believe anything
that's in the news but there is some
suggestion that you can in some special
cases dementia can be
transmitted I don't know how that's
possible but maybe and then of course
you know you've heard the old thing
about you are you are the average of The
Five People You spend time
with have you heard that I forget who
said it first you're the you are the
average of the F your five closest
friends or something and I was thinking
maybe we maybe we have a reason um to
understand why Karine John Pierre can't
speak because the people she spends the
most time with would be President
Biden and vice president
Harris and I'm telling you if if
dementia can be uh caught she's probably
got a good dose of it because here's
what she said today and I quote green
John
Pier look um I what we want to make sure
and what FAA wants to make sure and it
is their priority that um we make the
safety uh obviously the the safety of uh
Americans as they fly across the country
obviously and Beyond uh is
safe end quote
you know but what I think is that sure
Americans might be able to fly safely
but are they unburdened by what has gone
before and is there a ven diagram that
could explain this
better yeah I I just feel sorry for
Garen she has to be around people are
going to give her
dementia well here's uh some more fake
news uh the hill is reporting a new
survey that if president former
president Trump is convicted on any of
the uh serious counts not counting the
the
uh the what do you call it the civil
suit that's different but if he gets
convicted on any of the criminal ones
that are
Brewing according to the hill his uh his
popularity or his poll results will
plunge compared to
Biden so does that sound like a uh
legitimate
survey so they found out that if he's
convicted people would be less likely to
vote for them does that sound like
something that they can determine with
the
poll okay let me tell you how to rig a
poll now I'm not saying this poll is
rigged uh I'm going to tell you how it's
done and then you can look for it in
this poll than any others this is how
it's done it's how you ask the question
consider these two questions to get to
the point to get to the same place
you're trying to find out what will
happen if Trump is convicted of a crime
and then how will people vote two ways
to ask the question number
one uh would you vote for a criminal for
president would you vote for a convicted
criminal do you know what's wrong with
that
question the question makes somebody
make a statement about who they are it's
really a question about the voter are
you a person who would support a
criminal
no if a live person is asking me like a
real living person would you vote for a
criminal for president no are you crazy
who's going to vote for a criminal for
president now here's another way to ask
the same
question suppose you
said uh do you prefer Biden or Trump for
president uh if Trump um if Trump had
been uh guilty of one rigged conviction
in our weaponized justice
system do you prefer Biden or Trump if
Trump is convicted by the weaponized
justice system that Biden is using to
keep Trump out of office do you think
you get the same answer as would you
support a criminal for president now I
don't think that the survey they're
mentioning ask the question either of
those
ways but they're both
valid they're both ways to get that that
question so the specific way they ask
the question but also the specific time
they asked it is going to get you
whatever answer you want you know based
on how you word
it but the other thing that uh Democrats
consistently get wrong and a lot of
other people too is they conflate the
present with the past and the
future in in the present if you're just
thinking about Trump alone do you like
him better if he's not convicted or
convicted people will say well you know
given the choice I'd rather a not
convicted person but if you said all
right the conviction is over he's not in
jail but the conviction is over and now
it's down to Biden versus Trump and you
have to vote well now it's a different
question isn't it it's not about are you
an awesome person who would never vote
for a criminal or are you going to let
Biden have four more years of this open
borders and God knows what so once it
gets down to all right are you really
going to vote for Biden a lot of people
who cared about criminal conviction are
going to say you know what it was
probably just a weaponized justice
system I'll ignore
that all right there's more uh there's a
information that uh coffee helps you
lose
weight now if there's one thing I can
teach you about interpreting science and
this is important so so if you don't
listen to this tip you will be poorly
served in the future if you see a
scientific study that agrees with what
you would like it to be that's called
valid science valid science proof really
I'd call it a fact so when there's a
study from people I don't know who use a
system I don't know for a process I
don't know in a study that probably has
no more than a 50% chance of being
reproduced when they tell me that coffee
helps me lose weight and it's good for
me I say that's science ladies and
gentlemen that's what I call Quality
science right there
yeah let's talk about Zuckerberg and
some of the other social media people
they had to appear in Congress to defend
the horrible things that their platforms
are doing to
Children which they
are and uh Josh Holly uh tried to
embarrass Mark Zuckerberg by asking him
to get up and apologize to the family
members of people who had um whose
children apparently had been victimized
because of Facebook or meta or Instagram
and he
did to his credit Zuckerberg immediately
stood up with no objection faced the uh
family members of the the tragic
children who were lost and and said that
they were sorry for their
losses now first of all it was yeah it
was purely for theater didn't make any
difference I thought it was a messed up
thing to do honestly I I I did not
appreciate Josh
Holly's show boting you know I like I
like Josh Holly on a lot of things he's
he's a pretty solid politician but uh
that wasn't
necessary yeah that that's you know I
want to be on Josh Holly's side because
I think there's a real Danger on the
platforms so I agree with him on policy
but don't do that to a
citizen don't do that to an American
citizen he he's he's not an elected
official how about treating him with a
little bit more respect than that you
know even if you disagree deeply I just
don't think that was respectful I think
that was below the below the
uh below the office frankly it was below
the the institution and the office but I
would note that uh Zuckerberg handled it
cleverly by not really offering an
apology at the same time that people
imagined it was an apology so they heard
it as an apology so it was sort one of
those uh green
needle damn it what's that audio
illusion green needle you can hear two
different things with the same audio
brainstorm and green
needle so it was one of those because if
you watched it live you said to yourself
hey there he is apologizing and then you
listen to his words and then the the
people talking about it said well there
he is apologizing and so your brain said
there he is he's apologizing because
they just said he's apologizing and
there's words coming out of his mouth so
it sounds like apologizing to me but he
didn't I'm not saying he should or
should shouldn't I'm just saying that he
said he was sorry for the loss now
here's how how you know it's not an
apology you could replace him with me
just randomly just pick a person out of
the crowd and say Zuckerberg could you
just step aside for a minute we'd like
to randomly replace you with another
citizen um Scott okay come over here now
face face the parents who' have lost
their children is there anything you'd
like to say and I would say well I
wasn't expecting this but you know doubt
that I'm here I would like to say that
I'm genuinely sorry for all of your
losses and I would be quite serious
about that so it's not really an apology
if everybody in the world could have
said the same thing and it would have
sounded the
same it's not exactly taking
responsibility which is sort of key to
an apology an apology without taking
responsibility is a nothing nobody asked
ask him if he feels bad that you know
there are victims I'm sure he does he's
not a monster it's a husband
apology so a few other people called
that out um apparently according to
Linda Yaro CEO of x uh last year X
suspended over 12 million accounts for
violating I think is something about
children policy and uh it's up from 2.3
million um that were removed in 2022 so
they've just vastly increased the amount
the removing now I don't know how much
gets
through I mean if you remove 98% of it
is that even going to make a difference
or is the 2% going to be so much there
like nothing happened I don't know don't
know but I'll tell you we don't know
exactly what's going on online except
it's bad for kids now you may say say to
yourself
Scott what did this hearing accomplish
because we have this serious problem
that is ruining the lives and literally
Killing In some cases children at an
alarming rate so did anything get done
of
course of course that's why we have a
government to get stuff done so among
the things that they got done were uh we
humiliated a citizen into a fake
apology that wasn't going to happen on
its
own um then there was a hearing there
was a hearing that's not nothing and
then the hearing with any luck might
produce a
report and then the report might be used
to craft some legislation that has a
poison pill in it you know poison pill
is something you include so that nobody
can vote for it and then there maybe
won't be a vote because somebody will
hold it up for procedural reasons but if
there is a vote it won't be approved
because of the poison pill and then when
it's not approved it will be become a
campaign issue for one of the
sides so you're thinking that nothing
happened it's like oh I don't think
anything's going to happen that's not
true you you got a fake apology a
humiliated uh person youve got a hearing
you got a report you probably have some
fake legislation with a poison pill and
you might get a campaign issue out of it
so that's not like
nothing come on stop treating it all
cynically like absolutely
nothing happened because nobody really
cares about your dead kids
because you know what the government
doesn't care about your dead
kids I learned that the hard way because
Sentinels still coming in
folks um Steve Malloy who writes and
posts a lot about climate change he's a
skeptic of the alarmist view of climate
but he says that the um that the climate
hoaxes or the yeah he calls it the
climate hoax the hockey
stick claim is being debunked he says
now you might not know that uh climate
scientist Michael man I think I have
this right but fact check me on this is
in a lawsuit against Mark Stein I think
it's happening in Canada and the issue
is that Mark Stein you know may have uh
said some things about Michael man's
sciencing that Michael man thinks is
lawsuit worthy because he would say that
his science is good and he's an honest
guy and he did good work and that
malining him in public should have
consequences however in defense of
markstein it looks like a A Wharton
statistician was brought in Dr Abraham
weiner who testified under
oath that the hockey stick is
 and that the data is
and the interpretation is
 now did it take long for other
people to weigh in on this well Dr
Jordan Peterson weighed in very quickly
and uh yeah and and he talked about how
the climate change thing is being
debunked well that caused um a science
student somebody whose profile says
they're a science student uh Dan vend
and
broke and wrote a lengthy reply to Dr
Jordan Peterson and he says that uh
although and by the way as a public
figure if you really want to annoy a
public figure start your criticism this
way we hate it well you know you do a
lot of good things in this other
field oh my God I hate
that oh do I hate that because
everything that follows that is going to
be stupid you know it is
so this guy's going to go after Jordan
Peterson for being you know an expert in
one field of
science but not climate science like he
is so he's going to point out that uh
you know although you're in science and
psychology have been invaluable to many
blah blah but you Reliance on figures
such as Steve Malloy and then he'll talk
about how Steve ly is known for his ties
to oil and tobacco Industries I don't
know if I don't know about any of that
if that's true um but I do assume that
everybody who's involved has some kind
of tie to
somebody I don't think there's anybody
who's really completely untied to
anybody who has any political or
financial interest
um and blah blah blah so he so he
minines Steve Malloy with you know
generic stuff nothing specific and
then uh let's say then he says you have
a lack of nuance on these topics and and
he complains about how Jordan Peterson
tweeted that uh there's Global Greening
because of CO2 and that therefore CO2
might be helping the planet more than
hurting because Greening is imp is
increasing but this science student
points out that Jordan Peterson and
others are leaving out that although it
is Greening that's true CO2 is going up
and the planet is Greening but it's not
because of CO2 it's because of better
Land
Management to which I
say but it's still getting
greater yeah but not because of CO2
because of better Land
Management and then I say
again but it's still getting greener
yeah yeah yeah but not because of the
CO2 no it's because of better Land
Management and then I say I accept your
frame and you're saying that those two
things together or maybe even just the
Land Management is making everything
Greener yes I am but it's not because of
climate change okay do you even hear
yourself can you even hear what you're
saying
because if if there's a problem that's
just making us happier why are we
complaining about it does it matter why
it's getting
greener it doesn't matter why it just
matter that matters that it's not
getting ungreen
that's what matters all
right anyway here's my take on this yes
Dr Jordan Peterson is not an expert on
climate science however Dr Peterson is
looking at more science than this guy
because psychology is also a science
some say you can't reproduce it but
there's still some science there
um
specifically the science of uh mass
hysterias and the science of how people
can be influenced and even more
importantly the science of how economics
is basically psychology with money right
the study of Economics so this young man
can't understand why somebody as smart
as Jordan Peterson wouldn't go with a
consensus of scientists and climate
science because I mean how can all these
people be
wrong there's actually still somebody in
the world who believes that if all the
scientists agree or 90% or 95 or
whatever it is that therefore you know
something oh my
goodness this is probably what Dr Drew
was when he was the age of this young
man still believing that if the
consensus of science was heavily
weighted in One Direction that told you
something
useful we're a long way from that world
and so my take on this is that uh the
climate alarmists are using one less
science than I
am does that make sense sort of I'm I'm
kind of copying uh uh who's it
uh Dawkins you know Dawkins says he's a
he doesn't believe in God but really
he's he's a lot like the Believers
because he disbelieves all of the other
gods that they also disbelieve and he's
just one God short of being same opinion
all right now he says it like a it's fun
here in my case I'm being more serious
if you looked at the science of climate
change and it's the only science you
looked at you'd be missing the picture
because the science of why you think
what you think psychology is at least
half of the story so you're one science
short if all you did is look at climate
science now I know climate science
you includes chemistry and physics so
it's a it's a bunch of Science in there
but you're still one science short if
you don't understand how all the
economic incentives of the entire
industry are pointing in the same
direction and therefore the psychology
of people involved would be to believe
something that the evidence doesn't
suggest because cognitive dissonance
Andor self-interest would drive them
strongly in that
direction if you don't understand how
easily that can happen I.E maybe it
happened in the
pandemic um then you're one science
short so don't tell me I'm anti-science
I'm using more science than you not less
I'm accepting everything you said about
climate change did really come from
scientists and then I'm looking what the
psychologists would say about scientists
who are in this situation and I look I
use both Sciences to come to my decision
if he only used one science you're a
science
short here's another thing I told
you I have experienced in something
called the real world where I worked at
big companies that acted like big
organizations now once you've worked at
a few different big companies you
realize there are some things that there
are just in common and has nothing to do
with which company it's just you put a
lot of people in one place no matter
what their mission is they start acting
like a group instead of an
individual so one of the things I told
you
was someday you would look back and
think it's funny that science ever told
you they can measure the temperature of
the
earth and get an average and compare it
to the past
years that's
ridiculous you don't have to know
anything about science to know that's
not doable you can't do anything of that
scale anywhere in any
time no it's not possible now I get that
you know years ago in the 60s they put a
you know a rocket ship on the moon but
that's math and
physics that's a whole you know
different constrained set of variables
right space is kind of easy compared to
weather I mean once you get into space
it's
basically what a
vacuum well vacuum so that's got to make
everything easier right so here are some
of the things we've learned about how
they measure the temperatures uh from
some critics you've heard about the heat
islands where if your thermometer um
let's say if you put your thermometer
there 50 years ago and then since that
time a parking lot got put in or it's
near a city or an airport or something
uh the temperature is warmer wherever
there's concrete so wherever there's
concrete it's just going to be warmer so
if the only thing that changed was that
there was more construction around where
the
thermometers already
were then what you would expect is that
it would look like there's global
warming but all it was is that there the
the thermometers are in the wrong place
but if you're paying attention to the
topic you know that the people who
measure the temperatures they know that
so they're aware of it so obviously what
they
did was they went out and they surveyed
all the places that the thermometers
were you know near hings and then they
replaced them or moved them does that
make sense
right so how good did they do well the
critics went out and measured and
counted all the places and then checked
to see if they were near hings
uh 89% of the thermometers were still
near a heed
Island 89% of the
thermometers still like right now are
next to a heat
island no there was never any hope that
you could measure the temperature of the
earth it ridiculous no no all in fact
it's entirely possible that all of the
warming is just that I don't
know
and then if you measure the satellites
if the satellites are done for the
temperature you don't have much history
so the satellites have only been doing
their thing since the 70s maybe so then
you would have to you'd have to splice
it together with some other way of
measuring it before that and if they
were not comparable it might look like
things have gone up lately when in fact
you're just bad at measuring stuff right
here here's another measurement problem
apparently the thermometers are looking
for the high of the day and the low of
the
day so that's all they're measuring the
high and the low do you think that gets
the job
done no because it turns out that there
are these temporary uh biases so in
other words let's say you were uh you're
not too close to an airport but there's
an airport you know down the road or
something a shift in the Wind could take
your already high temperature Zing it up
a temp a degree or two and then the wind
changes and it goes back to where it was
so what was the
temperature is did it reach a new high
or did the wind
blow see the there you're not even close
to having the right technology in the
right place long enough and and a low
enough level of you know complexity that
you can know you can do it right we're
nowhere near human beings be being able
to measure the temperature of the earth
and and do it over time and know what's
changing now to be clear I'm not saying
the the world isn't getting warmer and
I'm not saying that humans have no role
in it I'm saying that if you think you
can measure it that's crazy and
everybody who's had any experience in
big companies and doing any kind of data
related work they will all tell you the
same thing I'll bet there wasn't a
single data
budget analysis I ever did in my entire
corporate career that was accurate or
real you don't even try really because
it's not an option if doing it you know
accurately in real was an option I would
have done that you know I would have
been fired but because really you have
to do what your boss wants it to be if
you if you come up with a outcome that
makes your boss unhappy you got to go
back and do it do it a different
way
so I would say that the uh maybe The Jig
Is Almost up for the uh
science community in the climate Science
World and by the way that you know who
knows what the actual danger is but I
don't trust any of the
science all right um there's a PBS
documentary talking about the uh famed
January 6 committee that held all those
hearings and although we knew this it's
just shocking to see it put together in
a
documentary that uh the January 6
committee people hired the former
president of ABC News James Goldston to
produce it like a
miniseries so he had the idea that you
need to you know have the drama and the
pageantry and the Showmanship and you
know drag it out in the right order so
that have the maximum psychological
impact on the
public to which I say is that why you do
hearings to manipulate the public I
thought the point of the hearings was to
find out if something bad had been done
weren't we trying to look for a criminal
activity to see if there might be some
uh justice that needed to be applied
where where's the part about their main
apparently their main focus was
literally propaganda and they're so
proud of it that that they're even
talking about it on camera like oh yeah
you know we're real concerned about how
how this came across so we hired
somebody to really package it up like a
TV show uh so we could really brainwash
and propagandize the American people and
man we did a good job of it we're quite
happy about
it yeah yeah we we knew it the the part
is new is that they're bragging about it
in a
documentary like they think it's
okay this isn't okay this is so not
okay totally not okay and it's a
documentary where they're bragging about
it and then probably would do it
again all right here's a tiny story that
could be an interesting story I don't
think anything's going to come of this
but we'll see apparently before Joe
Biden um got to the uh Ukrainian
prosecutor shoken fired when he went
over there in person there were some
drafts of speeches in which he was
talking about that situation that some
people say but we don't have
confirmation his early speeches may have
been in conflict with him saying that
everybody wanted to fire this guy and
that you know he just did what everybody
wanted so I would say I wouldn't get too
excited about it but the number of
Krakens that are out there that sound
like they could be something there are a
lot of them now probably most of them
will turn into nothing but I guess the
uh White House is just refusing him to
refusing to produce
said document if said document exists
and if it does exist I'm sure they've
destroyed it by now because the penalty
for destroying it apparently is nothing
but the penalty for giving something
embarrassing to uh to the other side
would be even worse
so
[Music]
um what am I looking
at all
right
so let's talk about uh the first city on
the
moon I saw somebody tweeting uh the
question there's you know someday
there'll be a first city on the moon
what should be called if you had to name
the first city on the moon what would
you call it I have a
suggestion
Moscow yeah
Moscow
no
elonia Elon
gate yeah if it has any any kind of a
gate it would be the elong gate all
right most of you already heard the
story about musk being turned down for
his $ 55 billion pay package that he was
negotia he negotiated with the board
back in 2017 or 18 and here's what maybe
you didn't know that it was turned down
because it was seemingly unfair and he
had too many friends on the board here's
some more background to
that uh the
judge it's always exactly what you think
it is it's exactly what you think it
is there's a
judge who turned it down
um was let's see uh judge
McCormack uh who used to work with
Biden's top donors
and was uh nominated by Biden's close
friend and Hunter Biden uh claimed to
personally know every judge on the
Delaware chancell Court so that's
actually in recording when he was
threatening a Chinese partner he told
him that he would take him to court and
he knows every member personally of the
Delaware chancell Court right so
Delaware is basically owned by the
bidens
and so this is the place that they found
a weakness they could go after uh
musk so every bit of this is corrupt
it's exactly what it looks
like are corrupt owners of Delaware
Delaware is where a lot of Corporations
um put their corporate their paperwork
anyway it's a common thing and so they
found this weakness that they own
Delaware so they can make Delaware uh
cost Musk $55
billion now musk not to be defeated by
such bullshittery has decided that he's
um he did a little survey on X and uh
they suggested he move his Corporation
to
Texas now um and apparently he's going
to do
that now some have said that um there
should be an easy way to Port your
corporation to another state I think
musk May have said that but there should
be some kind of technology or service or
process where I could just call somebody
and say hey I'm Incorporated in Delaware
send me the paperwork to make it Texas
and then I just sign something and then
it's just Texas so if that
existed um and I knew the ins and outs I
would move my Corporation
immediately so and so if that if that
becomes the thing because I think
Delaware has to be
broken
I think I think Delaware has to be just
bankrupted treated treated like Gaza
basically you know if Delaware is going
to the rest of the country well
then Delaware yeah you can just
drown in the ocean you know that your
whole your whole little little
State can go to as far as I care if
you're could let your politicians or
even your appointed people do this
totally totally unacceptable And if
every corporation moved down to Delaware
and sent them back to the Stone Age I'd
be fine with it
not really I'm just a little mad about
it um what I think will happen is that
musk will
renegotiate and it will get reinstated
probably when he gets back in
Texas now what is not reported is that
when it when the initial pay package was
um was put
together it was considered by smart
people the most uh risky pay package any
CEO ever did because his odds of making
a penny were very
low his odds of making a penny a penny
literally were low very low but he
killed it you know 10 times by by now so
the odds of him doing that 10 timesing a
brand new thing that is in an industry
where almost everybody goes out of
business it was a very fair agreement
that everybody fully understood so there
I don't think the basis for overturning
it it has any basis at
all all right
um energy drinks are bad for kids says a
new study it's bad for their brains they
have more mental
disorders
and imagine you're a teenage kid now if
you have like a 15-year-old just imagine
him he's got phone in one hand with Tik
Tock destroying his brain he's got a
vape in his other hand destroying his
brain and sitting next to him is his
energy
drink destroying his
brain that would that would
describe maybe half of all the
teenagers I bet at least half of them
are doing all three every day or
something like that I don't know what
the vaping ratio is but it's it's
terrible
yeah
so we really don't give a about
kids anymore do we did we ever did we
ever care about the well-being of
children I mean we're basically ripping
their their balls off and you know
letting them vape and use their phone
all day at work we're letting them have
Tik Tock and you know we're we're we're
shipping fentel in because we can't seem
to figure out how to stop it we could
stop it
but we don't try hard
enough it it doesn't it doesn't look
like we care about children look at the
teachers union the teachers union is
basically child
abuse all the evidence suggest we don't
care all the evidence suggest as a you
know we we definitely care as
parents but as a system we definitely
don't
care all right uh Christopher Ray head
of the FBI warns us that Chinese
hackers um have a 50 to1 advantage over
our hackers just so many of them and
they've already gotten into our major
infrastructure and they could shut down
the entire country and kill us all with
a stroke of a
pen do you believe
that do you believe that they're already
in all of our systems and they can shut
down everything like critical
infrastructure basically starve the
country if they wanted
to well
maybe but did they say that about
Ukraine wasn't uh Russia going to take
down everything in Ukraine with their
great
hacking and as far as I know Ukraine had
no real
problems am I wrong so I'm not sure we
know how to predict this stuff we we
might be terrible at predicting it
because we're also terrible at knowing
in advance how we would address it you
know maybe maybe we're a little bit
better at recovering I don't
know it's scary as
hell um and then also at the same time
that the FBI was
testifying about how much uh China has
hacked the United States a Russian group
of hackers were
hacking data from the
FBI that's right while Christopher Ray
was testifying about Chinese hacking
everything uh a bunch of data was being
hacked by Russian ransomware group and
they got a bunch of data that includes
data from the
FBI and that's a lot of it I don't know
exactly what data they got from the FBI
but none of that sounds
good is this bad news or
good uh I contend that we humans can't
tell the difference between good news
and bad do you know how I read
it why would you ever use a nuclear
bomb if this is
real why would you ever use a nuclear
weapon and we have mutually assured
destruction if it's real if it's real
that China is already you know burrowed
into our system and we can't get him out
I feel like it's real that we've done
the same thing to them and Russia the
same thing so did we
somewhat um without realizing it drift
into a situation where nuclear war is
just sort of stupid because even if you
wanted a war of tremendous
destruction you wouldn't use a nuke you
just push the button on your cyber
machine and take them
down but even an EMP doesn't make sense
if you can take him down with a hack
because everybody would agree that if
you had a choice you would defeat your
enemies in ways that could be easily
recoverable for a variety of reasons
right so
you know we might be better off it's
entirely possible that this this uh
increased the ability of humankind to
survive but it could also kill us
all
um I have an idea that I just want to
put out
there why is it that the United States
doesn't have personal meetings with the
Ayatollah and the leadership of Iran
now I think you're going to say but but
we've tried and they say no or you're
going to say but but you can never meet
with terrorists or but but somebody
wouldn't like it or there's some reason
right or or or they'll refuse to talk do
you think any of that applies to
Trump I feel like Trump could say here's
the deal I think Trump could do
something that would be the greatest
thing in human
civilization he could tell pin and she
and the Ayatollah I just want to beat
with you guys and maybe you know one
European Union person or NATO or
something and just to get Europe
involved and just say look sit in the
room and you say there are four people
who can destroy the world maybe five
it's us
if the five of us decide not to destroy
the world and we decide to live in peace
we could probably work it out because we
don't really want to occupy China we
don't want to occupy Russia we sort of
want to have our own domain of influence
we know you're going to have your own
domain of influence and we should just
divide up the world now just divide it
up then you say to yourself skot you're
so naive you can't divide it up because
we don't agree who owns what what are
you going to do about Taiwan how you
going to divide that up Scott I could do
that here's how I say we all agree that
China and Taiwan should be one country
so we'll make a 100-year plan to put
them together because in a 100 years
nothing's predictable nothing's
predictable we we might have no need for
Taiwan
semiconductors China Mainland might be a
democracy by then Taiwan might have
turned into a dictatorship by then maybe
technology makes governments unnecessary
maybe the robots have changed everything
maybe AI is doing everything so you you
finesse it because you can't solve it
you just say our plan will be in a 100
years Taiwan will be all part of China
One Way or Another if a 100 years later
it's a bad idea you just don't do it
that's it you just reneg well it's been
100 years and still we think we should
be a separate company country so you
just do it but here's what I think Trump
could do than no one in history could
do he could put him in the same room and
can say we literally the people in this
room can decide the future of
humanity I think we should decide to all
live I think China could do great if you
just stop messing with us and we could
stop messing with you and you don't try
to undermine us how about we stop trying
to overthrow Putin and Putin you stop
trying to do whatever it is you're doing
to
us now I think the big complainers to
that would be
American because I think a lot of it is
about our energy companies wanting to
maximize their Global influence I don't
think it's really political so Trump is
probably the only president who could
piss off our own our own energy people
and say look we won't bug you Russia
just you know go pull your energy out of
the ground we'll compete on Level
Playing Field but we're not going to try
to take your energy or close you off
from markets we're just going to try to
oute you I think Trump could sell a
grand
bargain in a in a way that similar to
how he went to North
Korea and similar to how um his
administration got an Abraham
Accord he he's a singular creature and
when he walks into a room every
everybody else in the room becomes a
dealmaker think about that when Trump
walks in the room the other leaders turn
into
dealmakers because he's a dealmaker and
that's how you have to deal with him so
he can actually change people into
dealmakers and I think he could sell a
grand bargain where we decide uh to have
peace in the Middle East Taiwan and you
just basically settle all of it just
settle all of it and you know some of it
with the timer saying well we can't
settle Gaza but we got this 50-year plan
to do something this or that uh only
Trump could do that only Trump he he
could actually create something like
peace till the end of
time
good all right um here's my update on
national debt and my update is always
why don't I understand this why is is it
then that when we thought we'd run up
the debt to a trillion dollars one
trillion we thought we were doomed but
now that it's 35 trillion whatever it is
we're not
doomed how could we be off by a factor
of 35 now time value of money it's not
35 maybe it's more like
10 but 10 times 10 times bigger than a
catastrophic
number why are we all alive
then I hear uh uh smart people who know
more than I do say but our debt to GDP
is still lower than Japan and like way
lower and Japan's not going under so as
long as our GDP grows we can handle ever
increasing
debt now that's true if the rates are
right so in other words if the rate of
growth of our debt is slower than the
rate of growth of our GDP we'll be
fine but is that
happening I feel like our debt is
growing faster than our GDP but I
haven't looked into it I feel like
there's no chance that that works but I
saw minuchin acting like well you know
our our debt to GDP is
fine you know we can't let it get higher
but you know right we're we're in a Zone
where it's not going to kill
us so yes our debt is greater than our
GDP but Japan's debt is even greater
than our ratio of debt to GDP like a lot
it's a lot more actually so I will just
say as minutian says as long as the
United States has better currency than
the other
places uh we kind of limp along but if
anybody ever came up with a currency
that was better than the dollar we'd be
in big trouble and I do see that that's
a possibility someday maybe a digital
currency all right let's talk about
Israel um I'm not going to give you the
number because it's so unreliable but
Hamas is coming out with a new set of
numbers for what they claim are the
deaths and claim are the injured Now by
any measure it's way too many people
being killed and injured so from the
human being perspective we should all
acknowledge that you know one death is
too many and this many is just you know
alarming frightening figure but if you
don't see the play that's developing you
should because ifas can lie that number
up big enough and they're doing a good
job of it uh they've got a number that
essentially it's it's Checkmate or check
with the Holocaust narrative in other
words it's going to be tough for Israel
to be the uh the special country who
needs everybody's special attention
because the Holocaust once
happened you could say more than once
because the Jews have had kind of a
tough history
but if the if AAS can succeed in
propaganda propagandizing the rest of
the world which is not nearly as
pro-israel as you think they might be um
to believe that the death count in Gaza
is some you know ridiculously high
number that just completely kneecaps
the strongest asset in Israel which is
they have this
historical um past that in in a way it
gives them a superpower you know because
people say well I understand that given
given your history it makes sense that
you'd be you know very concerned about
security
so anyway um Hamas is very close to
winning the propaganda War simply by you
know ratcheting up the number of people
they claimed died whether that's
accurate or not so that's why I'm not
going to give you their number because
that would be helping them with their
propaganda all right um and I'll say
again the one and only way I can see
this
going is that Israel will keep the West
Bank forever they'll keep Gaza forever
they'll keep it under um Israeli
control probably with some you know
Saudi or Jordanian or inian you know to
do the picking up the garbage and the
basic stuff of government but obviously
Israel will keep military and security
control there's no way they're going to
give that up and if they get control of
the schools it probably takes them one
or two generations to brainwash the kids
to not want to destroy everything in
Israel every day so I think that's the
plan now that would require 50 years or
whatever of uh refugees basically so
what do you do with the people who are
displaced from Gaza I have no
idea you know they can't obviously they
can't kill them all they can't starve
them they're not going to go to other
countries but they're not going to go
back to Gaza and just pick up where they
left off and if they did it would take
years
so what's going to
happen I I feel like they're just going
to build a new civilization
intense and you know the the level of
the tenting will improve until somebody
builds a building and then it will just
become its own little city so I think
where wherever they're at at the moment
probably in some big desert area it's
probably where they'll be
forever we're the first Mar Mars colony
that we call Moscow all
right that's a tight hour of live
streaming uh I'm going to leave it there
go do some things um I've got uh special
guests coming in a few
hours do you all know
zubie zubie is doing a world tour
talking to people all over the world so
he'll be stopping
by and he will be the
first in-person
interview I've done in three years have
I have I done any in-person interviews
since the
pandemic I can't remember any but he'll
be here in the house and that's why he
does better than other people because he
goes to you and that's a pretty strong
model all right uh oh yes but that
wasn't an interview per
se yeah all
right ladies and gentlemen I will see
you tomorrow thanks for joining on the
platforms of YouTube and Rumble and X
been good
to