pom pom pom pom pom hey everybody come
on in here we got news this morning
it's newsy all over the place hey can
may Tyler hey Joe good to see you Jules
Andy Andrew and Robin come on in grab
your containers you know a container
such as a glass a cup mug could be a tea
cup a tankard could be a Stein the
chalice or a thermos but whatever it is
fill it with your favorite liquid I like
coffee and join me now please for the
simultaneous sip one of the best parts
of the day so good what a way to start
today how about that so let's start with
a so-called publication called Newsweek
who who printed the most despicable
headline you've ever seen maybe ever it
might be it might be the world's most
despicable headline you know what show
it's a year so if I turn my phone
sideways and it goes into landscape mode
the it's a Newsweek tweet and the
headline for the tweet says Donald Trump
jr. praises Candace Owens for her
defense of Hitler comments now if you
don't read the word comments it looks
like she's defending Hitler which did
not actually happen but here's the fun
part that's what it looks in landscape
mode turn it this way if you turn it
this way a word gets cut off and now the
tweet the tweet says I'm gonna read the
tweet exactly as it shows up now now
that I've turned it to portrait Donald
Trump jr. praises Candace Owens for her
defense of hillier that's actually what
it says if you turn at this orientation
this way its defense
Hitler comments which is just just as
bad I mean I mean that's that's as bad
as you can get for a despicable headline
if there's anybody in the world who
doesn't know Candace didn't do anything
like that she did nothing like defending
iller not she didn't defend Hitler
comments she defended her comments but
really this way she defended Hitler this
way she defended Hitler comments about
Hillary
not much better but certainly different
un-frickin'-believable a couple of
updates we'll get to Julian Assange a
moment couple updates on generation four
nuclear it is not my imagination that
people are talking about it you saw it
yesterday on Fox News the five Greg
Gutfeld did an excellent job of
summarizing generation four as being
free of risk of meltdown and eating
nuclear waste for its fuel so when do
you see an idea like that cross into
mainstream conversation and it's just on
TV then you you can feel that it's is
moved from things that geeks talk about
into things that the mainstream talks
about now I should confess that I
intentionally put some nuclear nuclear
power content in Dilbert so the Dilbert
comic I think it was last week had
Dilbert inventing a safe nuclear device
that nobody would believe was safe now I
didn't call the generation four because
it wasn't it was a little tabletop
device that Dilbert invented in the
comic now part of the reason I did that
is actually strategic for the benefit of
the world and it works like this you
probably don't know this but over the
years
Dilbert has been used in actual court
case
so did the Dilbert cartoon has been used
as evidence in court cases to show that
the public should have known about
something because it's such general
knowledge that it's in a Dilbert cartoon
for example there was a court case in
which somebody was being sued some
employer for pretending that they didn't
know that the the y2k bug needed to be
dealt with and so the whoever took them
the court said everybody should have
known that it was common knowledge so
you can't say you didn't know it was
going to be a problem everybody knew it
and part of that court case was they
presented a Dilbert comic to say it's so
it's so in the public domain that it
said that it's in the Dilbert comic
without any explanation which it was so
and that's not the only time that a
Dilbert comic has been used to convince
the jury that something should have been
understood by an average person now
nuclear is moving into the Dilbert comic
because it's part of what I want to do
which is to move the conversation into
the public domain get it out of the
wonky scientific domain get it into the
voters domain where something could
actually happen on a political level so
the fact that it's appeared down on Fox
News is important because it's and the
fact that it was just referred to as
generations or as if maybe you readers
should already know what this is you
don't not everybody but you can see that
a crossover has happened it's crossed
from wonky scientific and somebody is
saying in the comments to something that
you say to yourself huh
if that was out in Fox News and it's
being talked about in the Dilbert comic
maybe I should find out what this means
yeah maybe I should just figure out what
it's about and there was another news on
nuclear yeah so Oliver Stone more
Niner tweeted this yesterday so famous
director Oliver Stone tweeted out one
day ago and this is the important part
it's one day I go so so look at all the
stuff that's happening at the same time
you said that
hashtag nuclear energy provides the
answer
wind and solar power power simply cannot
within 20 years us can convert slashing
greenhouse gas and decarbonized blah
blah so details don't matter but Oliver
Stone is saying nuclear is a solution
and if Oliver Stone who is really quite
famous as being a lefty and but he's a
he's a pretty Providence on left if he's
going down hard on nuclear
first of all let's let's give Oliver
Stone some props whether you like his
work or you like his opinions or you
don't like what he does or doesn't do
there's one thing you can't say about
Oliver Stone you can't say he's not
brave he's better in the military he's
he's buck tradition in the number of
ways he's a brave guy so I would
consider this yet a continuation of his
service to the country I mean he was he
was literally in in the military service
and this seems at the same level it's
the same level this is a service to the
country and I would thank him for that
so nuclear seems to be catching on in
these people's minds we'll see more of
that let's talk about Julian Assange
Julian Assange has you know got picked
up at the Ecuadorian Embassy where he
had up until now had some asylum and he
will probably be turned over to American
justice system unless he can get the the
Brits do not do that now here's what's
interesting i tweeted at first when the
initial story broke they showed the
photos of you a beer didn't bedraggled
looking Assange being taken out and he
didn't look
he didn't look healthy but they didn't
mention the charge and now the charges
been mentioned and the charges that he
allegedly conspired which is an
interesting word he conspired with
Chelsea Manning to hack into a
government top-secret account and get
some information to give to WikiLeaks
about I guess Afghanistan and Iraq Wars
now here's this is an interesting
question so first of all it's not an
espionage charge which would be you know
a death sentence and it would be a
top-shelf kind of a charge and he's not
being charged for publishing the
information which is good but he is
being charged for being part of the
stealing of it which is pretty serious
stuff it could be a five-year maximum
charge I understand but I don't know the
details yet and we're all in the fog of
war so I'll just throw out some things
maybe you can fact check me in real-time
Chelsea Manning got pardoned right for
the crime that Assange is being accused
of participating in do I have that right
is it true that he's being charged with
a crime that his co-conspirator
co-conspirator was pardoned for now a
lot of people will say that pardon
shouldn't have happened they'll be
disagreement with it
but let me ask you this if you put me on
a jury trial and you say I'm not even
going to tell you the details of this
case I'm just gonna tell you one fact
his co-conspirator was pardoned and I'll
say well what's even the charge what are
you charging it with you don't even need
to know this could be my whole defense
my whole defense is that the guy you did
it with the exact same crime was
pardoned by the president
and the jury says that's it you're not
gonna tell me even what the case is
you're not even gonna tell me what the
crime is you're not even gonna tell me
what he allegedly did that's it that's
your whole defense yeah that's what
whole defense my whole defense my whole
defense is that his co-conspirator has
already been pardoned by the president
of prior present how in the world do you
find 12 people to put this guy in jail
how in the world can you get 12 citizens
to say this guy Assange needs to go to
jail and so I think I have to raise at
least the possibility that were not yet
seeing the endgame here let me draw a
picture of it there had been talk I
don't know a year ago whatever happened
there had been talk about Assange
offering to president Trump some
valuable information in return for a
pardon that offer was never taken up so
what we do know is that Julian Assange
has at least alleged that he has
valuable information that we don't yet
know about that would be so good it
would be worthy of a pardon for stealing
top-secret american information which
may have gotten somebody killed that's
how good it is it's that good now do you
think under the conditions that the
president is looking for you know the
spies who spied against him he has a
WikiLeaks leader who apparently was Pro
Trump during the election Assange was
apparently anti-clinton Pro Trump he
also has information that Trump would
probably really like to hear at exactly
the right time to hear it
could there be a better time for Assange
to have some information he wants to
trade I don't think so
so yeah the timing is interesting and
the charge is interesting and the low
level of risk is interesting in other
words it's not a conspiracy it's not a
espionage charge with a potential death
sentence sort of a small charge relative
to what it could have been now we're
still in the fog of war so anything I
say about this topic subject to being
completely wrong and you know falsified
the next five minutes but it's feeling
like the whole the whole plan is a
pardon in return probably for some
information so my guess is I'll turn
this into a prediction here's my
prediction either Assange doesn't go to
jail you know beyond the time at the
trial I assume he would not get in on
bail I don't know but I don't think
he'll be jailed for the offence you may
be jailed while he's waiting for it to
be settled but I don't think he's going
to jail or if he does it'll be some
reduced kind of you know six months or a
year or something like that but I feel
like the point of picking him up was not
to put him in jail that's what it feels
like now some of you are screaming at me
Seth rich that's rich and we might find
out something about that I wouldn't I
wouldn't count on that necessarily being
the the thing we find out I'm not on
board with the Seth rich conspiracy
theory but you know Assange might know
more than we do about that so at least
we might find out more than we don't so
yeah he's basically already been in jail
somebody said in fact the Ecuadorian
Embassy was like a jail so somebody says
maybe to protect him yeah I'm starting
to think that the endgame might be to
find out what he knows that might be the
the major thing and it might be that
Assange doesn't necessarily know what
anybody's thinking about this so you
might be genuinely afraid but it's gonna
get interesting when we find out what he
knows
so the fact that he's apparently Pro
Trump in at least in some ways I don't I
don't think Assange is completely you
know on board with all Trump policies or
anything like that but he certainly
didn't like Hillary Clinton that's for
sure all right here's some interesting
news Kim Kardashian is looking to become
a lawyer she's already been I guess
interning or something with a law firm
in San Francisco and she wants to take
her activism to a more powerful level by
actually becoming a lawyer to which I
say that is exactly why I've always been
her fan I've always been a Kim
Kardashian fan and never because of the
the show or the content the reality show
never because of you know her looks or
you know her beauty you were fashion it
was never because of a of that stuff
because I'm not really into any of that
that's not my deal I'm not disparaging
it it's good entertainment people like
it that's great it just hasn't been my
personal thing well I have always had
tremendous respect for her as a an
entrepreneur as a well-meaning
personality as a good person and
watching her take take what she's
developed you know a brand wealth there
the ability to get attention and then
watching her apply that to such
productive parts of the world you know
she's worked with Van Jones on justice
reform and she looks to probably take
that even larger and and I thought to
result thought to myself you know good
for her
like what a great role model somebody
who did her you know work hard and you
know the biggest complaint about Kim
Kardashian was always unfair the
that and it always bothered me
tremendously people would say that she
doesn't work that she doesn't work Kim
Kardashian she probably works harder
than anybody you know you probably have
never met anybody who works as hard as
her as many hours or as difficult you
just seen the fun parts on TV all you
see is yeah she's putting on clothes and
she shows up somewhere and you know
she's and she just loses her life and
they film it and she gets rich Oh trust
me you know I spend enough time as a
celebrity to know that the stuff you see
is not the work the stuff you see is
everything she did so that the two
minutes you saw her on screen look good
and you cared and you were interested it
takes a lot of work to keep that machine
running and I she never got enough
credit for that by the way I would say
the same thing because speaking of Kim
Kardashian makes me think of Kanye which
makes me think of a lot of the famous
rappers jay-z etc and one of the things
that I don't think rappers in particular
especially the most successful ones I
think the thing that they don't get
enough attention about is the level of
hard work there's probably nothing
that's more inspirational good for the
country healthy for the healthy for the
world than to see role models work hard
just put in hard hard work Kanye is a
hard worker right jay-z
is a hard worker and he's not stopping
with neither of them are stopping within
their lane they're doing hard work and
then they're expanding their hard work
and then when they're done with that
they do more hard work it's like they
can't stop working hard insanely good
role models on the hard work side of
things all right the other news is that
Bob Barr used the word spying in his
congressional testimony they said
worried about the spying he said yes
spying on the Trump campaign so he
believes that spying happened but he
doesn't know if it was quote predicated
which is a good lawyer term which means
that it might have been legal and
justified and it might been totally
appropriate if they had good reasons but
apparently he is not convinced yet he's
looking into it but he's not convinced
yet that those reasons were sufficient
and predicated to use his word and of
course the Democrats are having a little
having a little meltdown yes I think
meltdown is the right word
because things could get really
interesting and it looks like they are
gonna take seriously looking into how
all of this came about it's not going to
look good it's not gonna look good it
was but we're gonna find out some stuff
and it makes you wonder if there's
anything that Assange knows that goes do
you think there's anything that Assange
knows that is connected in any way to
what Bob Barr was saying about the spine
not not directly the spying part but
just about the the coup attempt against
the government and by the way I'm
normally I'm kind of careful to say
alleged and that's a good practice if
you talk in public you should use the
word alleged as often as possible it
keeps you from being sued but when it
comes to the allegation that there were
people trying to overthrow the
government I don't know that you need to
talk about that as an allegation anymore
now you could say you don't know exactly
who was thinking you're doing what you
know you don't know what was in their
minds you know there's a lot we don't
know but aren't we passed the question
of if it happened we're past that right
we're now at the position where we're
saying yes there was an actual attempt
to overthrow the government of the
United States an actual attempt to do it
I think that's a done deal we just don't
know exactly who did what or who's
guilty of what all right
there was a great clip of representative
Thomas Massie Republican grilling John
Kerry Democrat on the topic of climate
change
it was a cringe-worthy exchange because
I couldn't like either people
unfortunately I've learned just enough
about climate change and you know if if
the climate change topic is this big you
know III know just this a little bit a
little bit of a corner of a slice of a
grain of sand of the larger topic but
even I know that both of the people in
that conversation were seriously messed
up
alright so Massie I think he actually
understands the topic he may have some
scientific credentials yeah he's an MIT
engineer so he's a smart guy but he
wasn't so smart when he was talking
about climate change but I'm not sure
you could tell likewise Kerry's answer
was not so smart but I don't know if the
public can tell but here's my problem
so Massie was giving Kerry a hard time
because in the largest in the history of
the earth co2 had been far higher than
it is now far higher and yet the world
evolved and and humans came around etc
so Massie was challenging Kerry on
climate change by saying there was far
more co2 in our you know in our millions
of years ago past so co2 can't be that
deadly and Kerry's answer is but there
weren't any people then okay those are
the two stupidest things
you've ever heard on climate change both
of those the question and the answer are
the two stupidest things you'll ever
hear on climate change and even I know
like it again this is climate change
this
little this little speck is how much I
understand about it and even I know they
were both being frickin stupid in public
about climate change there's smart guys
you know I'm not saying that there are
unintelligent people but on this topic
oh my god it was embarrassing here's
what's wrong with it the climate change
claim from the scientists is that there
were a lot of different variables in the
distant past the Sun was not as bright
for example there were other greenhouse
gases there were volcanic activities
there were a whole lot of variables that
were distant they were different in the
distant past such that having high co2
was not the same thing as having size
high co2 with our current set of
variables now I just explained it better
than Massey or carried it which is
science has a perfectly good explanation
now it could be wrong I'm not saying the
science gets it right every time but
they do have a completely rational
detailed well studied explanation of why
it makes complete sense that there was
tons of co2 in the millions of years ago
past when a lot of other variables were
different too so that it wasn't the
dominating thing but now our variables
are largely set meaning they're not
changing that much over a hundred years
in any hundred year period
you're not that the sun's the sun's
brightness is not changing that much the
other greenhouse gases haven't changed
that much the only one that's changing
and changing a lot is co2 and since they
know that's a greenhouse gas of some of
some amount the scientists have decided
that that's clearly identified as the
current cause now here's the problem
Kerry was unable to describe what I just
described and I'm a freaking idiot on
climate change like I don't know
anything about climate change this much
and even I knew more than Kerry say at
least I could have answered that
question in public more than that I
would not have been dumb enough
to ask the question because I already
knew the answer all right now I don't
know the details of which gases and how
they interact but that's that's not for
the politicians or the citizens to
answer that is for the scientists we'll
get rid of all caps boy
goodbye caps boy now I want to introduce
you a very offensive thought to most of
you because I know there are a lot of
climate sceptics here and I had said a
while ago something that didn't sound
maybe convincing to you when I first
said it so I'm gonna introduce something
that didn't sound credible the first
time you heard it maybe it was months
ago but it might sound a little bit more
credible today and let me give you some
context you saw how Candace Owens was
taken out of context to make it sound
like she supported Hitler which of
course never happened you saw how the
president was taken out of context
talking about ms-13 until they made it
sound like he was calling all immigrants
animals and of course that didn't happen
you saw how the the words fine people
that the president used talking about
charlottesville was taken out of context
to make you sound like he was calling
neo-nazis fine people but again that
didn't actually happened and was taken
out of context now how many examples do
I have to give you where people on the
right were taken out of context before
you'll understand that that's normal
it's not the exception it's not the
exception being taken out of context in
in very you know ordinary language
animals find people you know whatever
statements about nationalism that
Candace made these are all normal words
in normal language and we're taken
completely out of context all right do
you think do you think this only happens
to people on the right
do you think that only conservatives are
taken down in context if you think that
you have a serious problem with your
worldview both sides are taken into
context all the time it's the most
normal thing happening so if you can't
identify any time that that's happened
on the Left you're missing a huge part
of reality right if you're looking at
all the things that people have said on
the other side of the political aisle
and none of it looks like it's taken out
of context you don't know what's going
on because it is I'm going to talk about
Michael Mann and the famous emails about
climate change in which somebody writing
to Michael Mann used the words I used
your trick to quote and it's a different
sentence but he was talking about hiding
the decline meaning there was something
a temperature reconstruction that for a
period of time the the tree rings were
no longer predictive or they didn't move
with temperature and they know that so
they tried to adjust for some data that
they knew to be bad and they were
confident was bad and they publicly said
why they were adjusting it and why they
didn't trust it and what they did to
adjust it now people said well there we
have the smoking gun right there we have
a climate scientist saying they're gonna
use a trick no I'll get rid of these
trolls more trolls as usual so when I
read it I said wait a minute
I'm reading the same emails you're
reading and I don't see anything you're
saying I'm looking at exactly the same
language and I see a scientist saying
that he's using a trick which I
interpret in the ordinary way language
is used trick meaning method that's
exactly why I saw a trick it's just a
casually built he means he's using a
method
and then when he said he was hiding the
decline I took that in context because
it's casual language with people who
understand what they're talking about
that there was something that they
couldn't explain and they couldn't
publish it without explaining it without
hiding it they needed to hide it now
that's not a word you would use in
public but in private its they all knew
what they were talking about they
weren't trying to there's no there's no
evidence that they were trying to fool
the public the evidence is they were
trying to inform the public as best they
understood the real situation so that
was my original interpretation is that
there was nothing to see there it was
just ordinary language in an ordinary
email that told you nothing I just saw a
video of Michael Mann for the first time
I'd never seen this before in which
Michael Mann was asked to explain those
same two terms and he explained them
just the way I did I had never seen that
before
now here's the thing if I read ordinary
language and I say yes that's just
ordinary language and then the person
who was involved with this as historian
language there's nothing there I'm
feeling pretty confident that it was
just ordinary language now if I had come
to a completely different impression and
that I heard Michael Mann come up with
some explanation that didn't in any way
map to what I thought it was well then
not have some questions - but his
explanation of it was exactly what I saw
the very first time I saw it it's like
there's nothing here are you imagining
something because there's nothing here
it's just an email
from some people working on climate
science I don't know if they're right or
wrong but there's nothing in this email
don't worry about here's what's
important those emails have been used by
many skeptics as the The Smoking Gun
aha we finally found it in their own
words in their own words they have said
that they're really trying to fool the
public it's just not there it's not true
that Candace Owens was praising Hitler
it's not true the President Trump called
regular immigrants animals it's not true
the president
Trump called neo-nazis in
charlottesville fine people and it's not
true that there's some smoking gun about
climate change in which the scientists
themselves have admitted it doesn't work
or that there's there's something
they're hiding it just isn't true
suddenly says didn't those emails cause
Judith Curie to doubt agent W narrative
I can't speak to what Judith Curie
believes or doesn't believe but I would
not say that somebody is crazy to wonder
what those emails mean it's not crazy to
ask the question but once the question
is asked and you hear the answer from
the person who knows who knows what
those meant and it's perfectly ordinary
why would you believe the extraordinary
version who would believe the
extraordinary version when there's just
a perfectly ordinary one alright what
would it be extraordinary
the Candice Owens an educated black
woman who speaks in public for a living
praise hillier now I mean you don't need
to know the details to know that didn't
happen would the president call all
immigrants animals no no he wouldn't you
don't need to know the details to know
that didn't happen would the president
go on television and say that neo-nazis
who were chanting anti-semitic things
while he has no family members were
Jewish did he go and say that they're
fine people no you don't need to hear
the truth you don't need to look at the
transcript you don't need to see the
details on the surface it couldn't have
happened it's so ridiculous
you should not believe something that
ridiculous when you hear it you should
assume there's something wrong with the
story the moment you hear it same with
the Climategate emails so if you learn
anything from this it's that the the
credibility of a message and the quality
of a message depends entirely upon the
context and the messenger if the
messenger is not reliable it doesn't
matter what you say nobody's going to
believe it
if the content
has changed your the way your mind
recognizes reality maybe it's time for a
new truth to go through the same hole
that was created by some other truth all
right so you have most of you have
gained a really completely new
understanding of how badly you've been
misled by ordinary language and watching
bad people take ordinary language and
turn it into an insane story that you
should just discount the moment you hear
it all right let me add one more topic I
think sorry my computer time down here
bear with me
speak among yourself talk among
yourselves all right you may have seen
that the jobs reports are incredible
yeah and by the way yeah let me talk
about Tony Euler because you mentioned
him so Tony Heller is the I I've
identified him as the most persuasive
skeptic of climate change but he has he
has won credibility problem - he has -
credibility problems that I can't get
past
number one he sees intention where I
don't see it so he sees intention in the
emails but I don't see it he sees
intention in the data being changed from
what they thought was less accurate to
more accurate he calls that faking it I
don't see it
because it's all public Michael Mann is
you know it's public why he did or the
other two changes are public as well
they're all documents and other
scientists get to look at it so and then
the other thing that Tony is accused of
and it's obvious that this does happen
is he cherry techs
his data so for example he's got some
data in which he shows that the sea
level has not risen since I don't know
Abe Lincoln's time or something like
that
now if you think that the biggest
problem in the world is rising sea level
and you see an accurate graph that says
the the sea level in this place hasn't
changed in a hundred years
that's pretty persuasive isn't it
but it's cherry-picking because the
climate scientists do not say that the
sea level will change everywhere in some
some some way they say that there will
be some places because the ocean will be
warmer etc and you know their
differences and how the land itself is
moving in relationship to the ocean that
there will be places where it will get
bad and there might be places where the
sea level will go down so climate change
does not say that if you pick one point
on earth and you look at a hundred year
period that it's going to that the sea
level rise it doesn't make that claim
Tony tries to invalidate the climate
change hypothesis by debunking a claim
that they don't make they don't make the
claim that every beach is going to have
rising sea level don't make that claim
all right so if you see him attacking
something that you know is not the real
claim and you see him picking a certain
location or a certain event or there's
there's one place where there's more ice
and there's this one place where the
temperature didn't go up as much and
there's this one period where it didn't
happen those should all be red flags or
at least yellow flags to say I don't
know if we're talking about the same
thing here now I would also note that
the climate skeptics do not all agree
with each other meaning that they they
seem to come at it from different angles
Tony comes at it primarily from the
angle of you
the data does not support the theory and
that and that it has been adjusted he
would say faked to tell the story that's
not true
I don't see any evidence of intention to
do that I always say intention to have
better data then you have other skeptics
have come at it by saying the satellite
data it doesn't show the troposphere
warming the way it should and by the way
that's my only open question so we have
an open question on on climate change if
the theory of of climate change by the
way did you see that Michael Mann man
was mocking me
on Twitter I say this all the time but
the weird thing about being me is that
when I talk about the news I somehow get
dragged into the news and then I become
part of the story it's the weird thing
about my life is that yeah I think I'm
just talking about stuff and then
suddenly the stuff is me like I got
dragged into the story so my command was
mocking me not not without good reason
for for misstating what a G W stands for
I called it I mistakenly called it
anthropomorphic global warming in his
anthro Jin I still can't add or that the
right name now he was mocking me from my
lack of scientific understanding which
can somebody put the whole word there
anthropogenic is it anthropogenic put
the whole word there alright by
anthropogenic now I don't mind that
anybody mocks me for my lack of
understanding of science because I'm not
making any claim I make no claim to
understanding science in fact I'd make
the opposite claim I've claimed exactly
that people like me can't understand
science so my claim actually agrees with
Michael Mann's criticism of me so in
other words Michael Mann made the same
criticism of my understanding of science
that I make which is I don't understand
science but you damn well need to
understand they'll well need to explain
the science to me if you want me to act
like a patriot and a voter and do the
right thing if he can't explain it to me
in a credible way don't expect
everything to happen right so my claims
are all around the communication part I
make no I make no claim to having
scientific understanding and I would say
the same is true for most of you so
anyway so other people criticize climate
change for the troposphere is apparently
warming or now the troposphere is not
warming according to how the theory says
it should and so I'm going to put that
out there as a fact check requests if
any of you want to tweet at me later
yeah so the claim from the skeptics is
that the satellites can measure measure
satellites can measure how warm the the
lower troposphere is I forget which
troposphere it is but that they can
measure it and it is nowhere near the
temperature that would it would need to
be to explain the theory of climate
science now I'm not claiming it's true
I'm claiming that's a claim and and
whenever I see a claim that looks like
it's easy enough for under for us to
understand and easy enough to measure it
I like to put it out there and see if it
can be debunked so far most of them most
of the skeptical claims have been
debunked all of them actually that at
least I've proposed so that's what I'm
going to say all right jobs are great
I'll just end on this one point
historically the jobs reports have been
very predictive of your president
getting reelected so typically you would
expect that with an economy this strong
I mean it's super strong economy that
you would always get that president real
that well I just don't know if any of
the old rule will supply anymore I just
don't know if any any pattern that we've
seen in the past still works it could be
that people will just assume the
economy's good and you could put in any
president and you still have a good
economy so it's possible anyway we'll
talk about that more tomorrow and I will
talk to you later