pah-pah-pah hello everybody
what a wonderful day it is wonderful day
it's a great country great year things
are going in the right direction and ooh
Lee Stranahan is doing a film road to
Charlottesville well I assume that he's
giving the real story there not the hoax
version so that will be interesting but
I got interrupted what I wanted to say
is it's time for your dopamine hit the
best part of your day the part that
makes all the rest of your day better it
starts when you grab a cup of mug or a
glass they tell us a Stein a tankard
maybe a thermos could be a flask a
vessel of any kind fill it with your
favorite liquid I like coffee enjoy me
now for the unparalleled pleasure of the
simultaneous oh that's great
let's talk about slippery slopes I have
become somewhat known for saying that
slippery slopes don't exist they are
imaginary and the reason I say that is
that whenever you have a slippery slope
and things are going in one direction
you always have a counter force that
pops up to respond so if it looks like
it's gonna be a slippery slope forever
you're always missing the most important
thing that if everybody notices it's a
slippery slope somebody and probably
lots of people will organize to create a
counter force to stop it from slipping
let me give you some examples
somebody called this the privacy stack
and the idea is that for each of these
social media platforms which you might
be concerned about in terms of your
privacy in terms of censorship you you
have an alternative
so instead of a YouTube you've got two
bit to shoot be ITB shoot instead of
Chrome you've got the brave browser
instead of Google for searches you've
got duck go instead of Gmail you've got
protonmail instead of Twitter you've got
parlor
instead of Facebook I think you have
mind's eye I haven't looked at minds
before so mi NDS so I don't know what
the deal is there now I would say that
all of the competitors are just weak
little slivers of the thing that they
hope to compete with and I would say at
this point the likely you know the
likely future is that the competitors
aren't gonna do that much oh yeah I
should have mentioned interface by one
hub my company as an alternative to
patreon I don't think a patreon is
social media but in this context that
they've they've banned some people for
their speech on the other platforms so I
think that's fair now my point is that
you see that the alternatives popped up
and the alternatives will always pop up
when the slippery slope gets sliding a
little too far and it's a little too
slippery at this point I would say that
we're in sort of a equilibrium finding
zone where we're trying to figure out if
we've already gone too far and if we
have you would expect that these
alternative platforms would get a lot of
stronger if we haven't gone too far and
the slippery slope is just going to sort
of Peter out on its own then you would
expect that the alternative platforms
would not thrive because they wouldn't
be as necessary you would stick with the
one that gets you the most traffic but
here's another here's another example
there was a festival in Detroit called
afro future it's some kind of futuristic
group about African American I don't
know culture or people
or something but the thing that guided a
lot of headlines is that they charged a
different entry fee depending on your
ethnicity so if you were a quote person
of color you paid half as much for the
festival as if you were white now some
of you would say well there it is
there's the slippery slope
I told you this would happen you know
sure it was good that we ended slavery
everybody agreed with that yes it was
good that we fought for some you know we
the people who were alive fought for
civil rights and did a great job there
that's all great but what happens when
things get equal maybe you will just
keep sliding maybe it will slide until
until only black people are in charge
and you know Obama's your president and
white people can't get jobs that's not
really likely because this this this
very event tells you what happens so the
Afro Future Festival attempted attempted
to take the slippery slope a little too
far and they actually charge a different
price based on your color and they were
going to charge white people more the
theory being that historically there
were advantages to being a white person
and you could go to any city you can go
to a festival but if you were poor and
you were a person of color maybe you
couldn't leave your cities so they had
some excuse that nobody really bought so
what happened the public the public
rebelled at least one artist pulled out
Eventbrite they handled the online
ticketing said nope not gonna we're not
going to handle you if you don't follow
the basic rules of society you can't
even sell tickets on our site and so
they reversed they reversed now they
tried to sort of get around to it by
having a a white person
voluntary contribution okay if it's
voluntary voluntary I'm not going to
worry about that but here are two good
examples of where the slippery slope
always leads to a response and you
couldn't depend on that alright it's
enough about that
so women's soccer what a good world it
is what a good country it is what we're
talking about pay equality for women's
soccer after the American women just
repeated winning the World Cup I mean
seriously how about the fact that the
most famous and celebrated member of the
women's team is a lesbian you couldn't
have a healthier country right literally
this is the best bad story you could
ever have so it's a story because
there's some bad news in it right the
bad news is that you know Megan Rapinoe
is maybe doesn't want to visit the White
House and doesn't like Trump and then
their salaries for the women's players
are far lower than for the men's so if
that's your worst story that that a a
lesbian incredible athlete just led
American women's soccer to the highest
level of success and that's our bad news
you know I get that the other issues are
fun but if that's your bad news man are
we doing well of course the issue with
women's soccer pay is that women would
like to get as much as men get but I
don't know how they're counting this
stuff most of you who are economists and
objective would say to yourself hey
shouldn't the women only make some
similar percentage of the overall money
it's produced by their sport and if men
are producing more money for their sport
and they're getting you know the same
percentage let's say if that big basket
isn't it the percentage that matters
you know if they both had let's say if
the if the players had I don't know 20
percent of the money that was coming
into their sport
wouldn't that be fair and if the women
get more viewers
then they could ask for more money now
some people would say that's fair but I
don't think you should look at this as
necessarily a an attempt to fairness
sure there are some people who are
putting it in those terms but I think
you have to see this as a negotiation I
think you have to see it as a
negotiation meaning that women can
probably get a better deal by claiming
that there is some unfairness it's a
real good negotiating strategy so if you
if you are the women who are trying to
get higher salaries you should act as
though it doesn't matter how much your
sport is making because that works
against your argument so I'm also loving
the fact that women are negotiating so
effectively that's good news women are
taking you know every every lever they
can pull every button they can push if
if women are negotiating aggressively
for greater pay and let's say they're
using a little hyperbole to get there
let's say they're using an approach that
who am I thinking of who would be who
would be a person we all know who
sometimes will stretch the facts and
maybe paint a picture that's a little
hyperbolic and maybe maybe it's not the
most logically accurate way to look at
the world but it works really well for
negotiating who is that reminding me of
oh yeah it reminds me of the person that
the women's soccer team
it's the most president Trump there
using a president Trump technique to
negotiate for better salaries to which I
say good job good job good job winning
the the World Cup good job being great
role models at least in terms of you
know being powerful women who are doing
things that change the world and in
their own little corner of the world and
good job negotiating when you're
negotiating the last thing you want to
do is be rational if I could teach you
only one thing today is this if you are
negotiating don't act entirely rational
the most rational negotiator is the one
that loses you want to be seen as
somebody who can't be reasoned with
because if you can't be reasoned with
and you just got to get past this
situation
somebody's gonna cave in because hey you
can't reason with them they they can't
see the logic of our of our argument so
the women's soccer team is doing a total
Trump on their industry by acting
irrational but very rationally
irrational meaning it's exactly the way
they should be handling this if this
were me if I were on the women's soccer
team I would not be saying hey let's
look at the percentage that men men make
for soccer and if we get the same
percentage of that total basket even
though our basket is smaller
wouldn't that be fair I might be
thinking that but I'm not gonna say it
out loud if I'm negotiating if I'm
negotiating I'm just gonna say hey why
are women getting 80 cents of the dollar
what's wrong this is this is all unfair
all right so congratulations to the
women's soccer team I would like I would
like it if they you know respected our
president more and and all that but it's
not important it's really not important
somebody says hi you like sports now I
like I like the show
I think the sports in general should be
rethought I think that we force a lot of
people into sports at the school level
who maybe that's not where they they're
they're gonna thrive so I think the
whole process the sports needs to be
rethought but you can't take anything
away from the women's soccer team
because they killed it this year they
just kill it alright let's talk about
empty five so you probably saw this
probably one of my most viral tweets the
other day was based on some mug shot
photos of an tyfa let me to lower my
screen here alright do you notice
anything about these these folks is
there anything that just jumps out what
jumps out about the anti-fog people who
were arrested you don't have to see the
details it's just anything that just
jumps right out at you there's there
there are no african-american people who
got arrested
in an tyfa and i guess was in seattle or
was it Oregon was in Portland now I
don't think they're all white by the way
I'm just guessing you know without
without knowing but I would say that a
number of them have some interesting has
some interesting ethnic backgrounds but
none of them look at african-american
and I just thought it was a little bit
funny and a little bit embarrassing that
when the masks came off when the masks
came off I guess the masks came often
thing I've been saying for a while that
it's a the anti-shah was the ones who
were putting on the masks and looking
for trouble that it's a lifestyle choice
it's not politics it's about the
excitement and stop belonging it's about
feeling important it's about the
adrenaline it's about a lot of things
and then they excuse it by saying
there's some political reason for it but
that's just an excuse if it were a
genuine political movement I'm almost
positive you'd see more
diversity wouldn't you know I don't know
that that's true but it is hilariously
embarrassing for them now one of the
things that got that tweet a lot of
attention I think it's probably
approaching nine thousand retweets now
probably will be my biggest biggest
tweet of the year but I noticed that
Devon newness retweeted it with a lol to
me and I have to tell you that the I've
said this before but I like I like to
remind you the weirdest thing in the
world this to be me hmm my technology
just decided to talk to me that was
weird
cancel so anyway I was saying that often
when I talk about the news I get drawn
into the news so I have Google Alerts
set in my phone so if anybody mentions
me in a news story it pops up in my
email so I can see it and every time
there's a biggest story that I have
commented on not every time but quite
often I end up being dragged into the
story so suddenly you know I'll be
watching television I'll see people
arguing about the fate of the United
States in the world and next thing I
know I'm interacting with them on
Twitter and it is just a weird small
world anyway here's my point on anti-fog
I believe the anti-shah has jumped the
shark I hate using that term but seems
like in defense of this case there was a
time when people didn't know what anti
file was and it looked like it was just
sort of an anti-trump movement and other
people were anti-trump too so they said
well you're anti-trump I'm anti Trump I
guess you're okay but I think the
anti-fog because of the
especially because the violent members
and largely because of the masks which
are pretty scary-looking
I think that check me on this but it
feels like this is my reading of the
zeitgeist my reading of the zeitgeist is
that from now until until Election Day
in 2020
every time the anti-shah marches in
public even if there's no violence every
time they're in public with their scary
outfits I think President Trump gets
more popular so I think that their
entire movement has now become the
opposite of its intention the more you
see of them the less credible they
become can you think of anybody else who
had that same arc you know you can
imagine the early days of the the three
lettered entity that also wear hoods
right when the Klan was you know early
on don't you think that publicity was
good for them I don't know however many
decades ago it was was it a hundred
years ago when when the when the Klan
started I don't know the exact dates but
decades ago don't you think it was good
for the Klan every time they got
publicity they like help their cause
like hey we're getting publicity more
people are joining we're doing doing
great but in time their reputation
became so toxic that would you agree
with me that every time there's some
little Klan demonstration in some Park
where 12 people show up it makes their
whole ideology look pathetic and
ridiculous
so in other words every time the Klan
organizes it works against the Klan when
you agree that at this point they're so
completely marginalized that the more
you see of them the less you like them
very much like Joe Biden the more you
see of Joe Biden the lower his poll
number
we'll go because he doesn't really match
up the energy of the younger people and
it's clear that he's out of it etc so
the more you see an tyfa and the more
you see joe biden the worst democrats
will do even if joe biden is not the
nominee because he's he becomes part of
their brand but joe biden is probably
taking the energy right out of the
democrats right now i would love to be
in the room or like to fly on the wall
to listen to democrats who absolutely
hate president Trump and are looking for
him to lose the next election and
they're looking at their standard-bearer
being Joe Biden what do the
20-somethings say when they're alone and
you know they're having a drink or doing
a couple of bongs what do they say when
they're alone you know I'm sure they
dislike the president as much as ever
you know few people may have moved over
but mostly people stay on their teams
but do they say to themselves hey
hey Ashley hey hey Kevin uh I think
Biden's gonna do it for us
I think Joe Biden is gonna gonna take it
home did they say that cuz I don't think
they say that I think they say oh we are
so screwed
we are in so much trouble if this guy is
our standard bearer we're done I think
that there must be some kind of panic
setting in there I think there will be a
point of I'll call it acceptance around
election day where I think by election
day the Democrats may have given up it
depends how close the polls are if the
polls are closed we'll have a lot of
turnout but there might be some
capitulation coming we'll say it depends
where the polls are on the final day but
I would say at this point I want to anti
fraud to be unmasked and I would like
you know the police to unmask at least a
few of them
every time it did help that the ones who
got arrested got unmasked I mean I think
that probably put a dent in their
movement to see all of their the faces
the people they got unmasked and see
that floating around social media very
popular on social media I might add so I
think that probably took a dent out of
it but I am now in favor of Anti Fog
demonstrations under the following
conditions those of you who oppose an
tyfa should leave immediately
or make sure you're in the city that has
a police department that can handle this
sort of thing now as I said before the
DC Police Department apparently and you
know you can't tell unless you're there
but based on news reports based on clips
I've seen it looks like the actual
police you know the people on the
streets did great it looks like they did
great in keeping the violence to a
minimum but they obviously were
handicapped by their management who I I
think it's obvious and this is not
confirmed but I think it's obvious that
that management told the police on the
street to not unmask people even though
the law allows them to do that there
must have been a decision about that but
still they did the best job they could
under the rules that they were operating
on there was very funny tweet from
Michael malice who often has funny
tweets you should follow him if you're
not following Michael malice you're
missing some great acerbic wit so if you
like if you like your tweets edgy you
know if you like a little if you like a
little spice on your tweets follow
Michael malice but we did yesterday I
think a picture of do you remember EG
and carroll who was accusing the
president and you remember how long ago
that was two weeks
as Michael MELAS pointed out in his
tweet it was only two weeks ago we were
talking about eg and Carol do you know
why we're not talking about her anymore
it didn't work it didn't hurt the
president so it's not news anymore
because it doesn't hurt the president
she was so non-credible in her let's say
the way the story evolved I'm not saying
anything about her personally or her
thoughts or what happened because those
are things I can't know but the way the
the public the way the public received
her was not in a way that's bad for the
president somebody's asking me if I can
talk about Epstein well there's a lot of
unknowns on Epstein and so I generally
try to avoid talking about stories the
way they do on the news where they'll
say well we don't know what's gonna
happen but if this happens and if that
happens those are the least interesting
stories I think Epstein is a
wait-and-see because there's just way
too much we don't know somebody saying
that Dershowitz has done I would bet
against that if I had to bet one thing I
would bet that Alan Dershowitz will
command this find for a variety of
reasons but you know I suppose we live
in a world where any surprise as
possible but I don't think that's going
to surprise you
meaning that I think Dershowitz will be
fine and all this stuff but there does
if it's true that Bill Clinton was on
Epstein's jet 26 times or whatever I
don't know how you explain that do you
all right we're just leaving all those
people who complain about the sound you
know so one down all right
I saw a story that the Navy is
outfitting the destroyers that the Navy
is putting lasers on
Lazer's now apparently the big problem
with a laser on the ship is having
enough power source on the ship to power
the laser and you know maybe even
nuclear isn't enough because you have to
it's not it's not enough that you
produce a lot of energy you have to
store it so that it can be released in
in its most concentrated form so they
have some technical things that are
tough but apparently they're on the way
to solving them and will actually have
lasers that can take out drones so
imagine this you're probably going to
see this in the future
imagine a fleet of hundreds of enemy
drones they could be small or they could
be big but let's say there are hundreds
of them is just blackening the sky and
it's coming toward your your carrier
group it and imagine that the destroyer
fires up its laser and of course a laser
can the advantage of a laser I think is
that it's the speed of light right if
you fire a bullet or a missile you have
to time it so that the flight of the
bullet or missile matches a flying
object which is hard but if you're
aiming a laser the laser essentially
arrives at the same time is fired speed
of light I mean there's a little delay
but the object will not have moved much
so I think you can simply light up your
screen with all your targets and I think
the laser maybe not version one but I
think the laser can just go up up up up
up and take out 300 drones in five
seconds I guess it depends how long the
pulse lasts but the other thing you
could do is sort of like Babylon 5 the
shadows where you saw that the laser
would just be continuous so instead of
firing bursts it would be like a sword
in the air and it would just be a sword
that calls you and just paints all that
the drones out of the sky
so I only point that out to say we're
definitely gonna have lasers in the
military like that's I would say at this
point you don't have to wonder if that's
gonna happen
that's happening we got lasers and the
next war is going to be small drones
versus lasers because I think lasers are
gonna be the only defense against swarms
of small things would you agree I don't
know that there's another defense unless
it's electronic
maybe jamming I suppose but certainly
war is taking an interesting direction
not a good way I saw a story that said
that the RNC the Republican National
Committee attracted quote a larger share
of donations under $200 than the
Democrat Democratic National Committee
this is according to the New York Times
so in other words if you take $200 as
your threshold and I suppose it would be
different depending on which threshold
you picked but if you say anything under
$200 is a quote small donation the
Republicans got more small donations
than the Democratic National Committee
now
could there be a better indicator of
president Trump's re-election chances
that's really really good indicator
because I believe President Trump not
only got more donations from big donors
but also more donations from small
donors I think he got more donations
from everybody now you add that so
apparently the president will have just
a tremendous amount of money for
re-election that he did not have for
election so 0.1 the president won with
very little money against what some
people thought was the strongest
candidate the Democrats have ever had
and then of course it as an in in
hindsight
Hilary Clinton look like the worst
candidate but at the time we thought she
was super strong and the president Peter
anyway but now he's the incumbent
incumbents don't often lose and if an
incumbent has a strong economy they
really don't lose and if the incumbent
has all the charisma versus the
Challenger then they really really don't
lose and if the accumbens has way more
money than the Challenger then they
really really don't lose and if there
are no wars that are a problem for the
voters well then the incumbent doesn't
lose so you have about five serious
indicators to say the Trump is gonna win
re-election and that's before you even
talk about how bad the competition is
who exactly is gonna run against him you
know I'm guessing caramel heiress will
eventually be the nominee and I think
she's got some game but she doesn't have
anything like the charisma of the
president and she's gonna have a lot to
explain by the time she gets the
nomination if she does so I would say
the slaughter meter is at 200% meaning
the odds of President Trump getting
re-elected in a landslide is so high now
that if you if you were to bet the other
way it would seem irrational now of
course it's still a long way off and of
course you know anything could happen
you know nothing is certain but if
nothing big changes
I suppose it's almost a certainty that
something big will change but if nothing
big did change its it's a lock for the
president to get reelected I think a
couple more stories I saw but I haven't
seen much follow up in the press and I
think there's a reason for that
yeah I believe the administration is
looking to
require pharmaceutical companies the
drug manufacturers who sell stuff in
this country to give us the same price
as the best price that they sell it
anywhere else in the world now here's
the catch the United States has been
subsidizing healthcare in the rest of
the world the fact that we we pay too
much for our drugs allows the
pharmaceuticals to cover their fixed
costs etc and then since poor countries
wouldn't be able to afford to pay a lot
they can charge them less and then there
was poor countries get better health
care because they're paying less for the
the drugs but it's being subsidized by
the United States now apparently the
Trump administration is going to require
and who knows if this will pass Supreme
Court who knows if there's a problem
here who knows who could suit so this is
by far not a done deal but the Trump
administration is saying to
pharmaceuticals you have to offer in
this country a price that's no worse
than the lowest price in another country
any most favored nations clause in the
contract now you know what's amazing
about this story what's the most amazing
thing about this story well I want to
see if it's obvious to you what's the
amazing thing the amazing thing about
the story is that this is the first time
anybody thought of that are you kidding
me I used to negotiate contracts for a
living
so my job for several years in my
corporate life was to deal with the
vendors and negotiate contracts with
mostly technology vendors the most
favored nations clause that says you're
not going to charge us more than you
charge other people is pretty basic
contract discussion in other words if
you're a professional negotiator of
contracts and you have not thought to
ask for that that nobody else gets a
lower price now you can't always get
that
you might not have enough power to get
that into your contract but if you're
the United States and you're the biggest
customer for these pharmaceutical
companies and you're the government so
you can just change the law you
absolutely can get that it was laying
there like free money on a table I said
that exactly the same time somebody put
in the comments free money on the table
I actually said it as the phrase was
appearing in the comments so yeah you
got ahead of me this president better
than anybody ever has done it is the
only person who will pick up free money
this laying on a table and it's
mind-boggling this this you know I don't
know what it's gonna be an executive
order or some kind of a rule change
other than what it is but if this
administration gets away with it
meaning if they can cause the
pharmaceuticals to raise their prices in
other countries if that's necessary I
don't even know if that's necessary or
to at least give us those same prices it
will be an enormous change in the cost
of your health care it will come at the
expense of the pharmaceutical companies
which are you know in many cases also
part of our economy but I'll bet there
are a lot of them that are not there
must be a lot of foreign pharmaceutical
companies that are overcharging in the
United States are you okay with that so
that they can subsidize other countries
now the cruel part of this is that it
absolutely will
I would assume have an impact on other
countries being able to afford their
health care but isn't that true for
everything we do a hundred percent of
the money that we spend in the United
States it could have been spent in
another country where they needed it
more people were more poor more
desperate have worse health care that's
true of everything every dollar we spend
on ourselves could have been spent for
somebody else so he'll so the
pharmaceutical stuff seems like it's
just more of that and so you've got
President Trump saying hey looks like
there's some money on that table why
don't we just pick it up
now if he gets this done there's a very
good chance given other free market
changes that the administration is
making for health care you know other
things about organizing across state
lines etc if this stuff gets done and
guess works into the system by Election
Day the president might be able to claim
just think about this the president
might be able to claim that he stopped
the increase of health care expenses now
that's not as good as universal health
care insurance to people who have no
insurance they still would prefer that
but that's a really strong story if
you're running for re-election and
you're the first president who made
health care costs stop in their tracks
maybe even go down maybe I don't know I
don't know how he doesn't get reelected
if somebody said is viagra cheap yet I
believe it is it's a it's a generic why
do we have to pay more because other
countries have mismanaged their money
somebody says well that's the whole
point is that we can we can do what's
good for the United States because
that's how countries are organized
they're organized to take care of
themselves and the idea is that if
everybody did that the world's a better
place then do University tuition alright
I'm just looking at your comments here
generic drug companies caught conspiring
to fix prices is that true alright
people are prompting me about a tweet in
I tweeted a story in which Bill Gates
had referred to himself as a minor
wizard and referred to the late Steve
Jobs as a as a major wizard who had a
reality distortion field and he could
make a company work even if the product
was bad which he did with next computer
he made a huge profit on something where
nobody even wanted the problem
and Bill Gates noted that Steve Jobs you
know magic reality distortion field
didn't work on jobs
I'm sorry didn't work on gates because
Gates felt he had a little immunity to
it because he was a small-time wizard
himself now there's not much to say
about that except that when Gates talks
about jobs and his power of persuasion
you're hearing it from a credible and
interesting source and somebody was
close to the source somebody who knew
him well enough to have an informed
opinion so and even though Jobs was
considered an a-hole and I think I think
Gates actually said that in the
interview nobody could argue the fact
that he could make people work harder
and do things and buy things that other
people couldn't make happen so he did
seem to have the magic all right any
other questions that's all I got today
it's another wonderful day because again
if you look at the news
hey nimble navigate
oh yeah Joe Biden is apologizing so joe
biden said he waited to apologize about
this busing thing do you all understand
the busing issue
I don't apparently apparently the issue
is Democrats think other Democrats are
racist because they agree with each
other on busing I think that's it right
did I get that wrong tell me if I got
any of the facts wrong they're Democrats
especially , Lares and Joe Biden they
are mad at each other because they agree
completely on the issue of busing that's
a 20 year old issue isn't it something
like that so it's sort of a non-issue
that highlights how well things are
going if you if the Democrats are
debating a topic from 20 years ago
you're in good shape think about it
you're in really good shape if that's
what you're doing
oh yeah so there's a story about Kelly
O'Hara picking up the flag when the
other player drops it on the ground but
I watched the video and it's obvious
that the there were three of the play
the women's soccer team players who were
going to do sort of a dance coordinated
thing you know as a celebration and one
of them had to flag in her hand and she
put it down for a minute to do the
coordinated saying I don't think she was
thinking about it as being disrespectful
I think it was just I just think she
wasn't thinking I doubt she put the
American flag on the ground to make a
statement it was just a really
thoughtless thing to do in public but
yeah she's young you know people do
thought listens so at the end of my
periscope from yesterday in which I did
I pinned yesterday's periscope to my top
of my Twitter page I'm predicting it
will be the most watched video that I
I've made so far so far maybe seventy
thousand or a hundred thousand people
have looked at it if you count all the
platforms together if you count YouTube
Plus periscope plus shoot and so
be probably around 100 thousand people
who have seen it by today I'm thinking
it might be the first video that I made
that reaches a million viewers and at
the end of the video I said something
provocative the the nature of the video
is well you can just see yourself but at
the end of it I I said something that
got a lot of reaction so a lot of people
are quoting me and reacting to it and
what I said was this sentence and listen
to it carefully because you have to
listen to it carefully to get what's
happening it's just one sentence and I
said
God is what's left over after you take
everything away God is what's left over
after you take everything away now
here's what's interesting about this and
here's why I said it every one of you
heard that you had a different opinion
of what it meant
you probably registered it as profound
without knowing what it meant all right
I'm gonna read it again and see if your
brain recognizes it as profound at the
same time you're not sure what it means
okay God is what's left after you take
everything away
it sounds profound right you register it
that way but you're not sure exactly
what it means
and what people demonstrated in the
comments is what I what I thought would
happen is that everybody had a different
interpretation of what it meant you can
interpret this as a statement that God
exists outside of the normal rules of
physics and matter you could interpret
it as saying that there's no God because
you took everything away and there
wouldn't be anything left you could
interpret it as the simulation you could
interpret it any way you want but that's
the point
so what's profound about it is that the
statement is exactly like all of your
different views of the world it is a
statement that was subjective reality
the statement is that you can all look
at exactly the same stuff you can look
at the same picture you can look at the
same words you can think of the same
idea but the way you process that will
be an entirely different world and this
sentence is one of those little little
ways where you can see that clearly so
I'll say it again God is what's left
after you take everything away so God is
what
left over after you take everything away
as you watch people completely
reinterpret that as opposites meaning
that means God doesn't exist or that
means that God does exist and he's
beyond time and space and matter you can
see the entire world everything about
your reality is in this sentence once
you understand that people are looking
at the reality and interpreting it as
their own movie and there's nothing you
can do about that and nor should you I
mean there's there's no reason to do
anything about it we're living our own
subjective reality and once you get that
you become free once you if you
understand reality to be objective then
what it feels like is that you're a
victim of reality reality is here and
it's it's imposing its will on you and
you're doing the best you can but
reality is gonna win it subjective and
it's controlling you it controlled your
DNA controls your choices it controls
what your options are it's reality is
objective and it's your it's its victim
but once you realize that we're all
living subjective realities and that
those subjective realities pretty much
all work some better than others but
they all work meaning that I you can
live your life thinking that you
reincarnated from a cow and I can live
my life believing in a Christian world
you can somebody else can live their
life believing in an Islamic
interpretation of the world and we can
all eat breathe procreate it works fine
these are completely different
worldviews once you understand that
reality is subjective here's the cool
part you can control it I just let that
there for a moment once you realize that
reality is subjective you can control it
that's how you escape the matrix is
understanding that it's under your
control and that's the first probably
the first and most important mental
shift you have to make is to understand
that you control your reality and that
your reality is complete you can
actually make things happen by focusing
by just putting your energy your
attention reinterpreting things reading
things you need to do doing what you
need to do having systems that get you
where you want there are things that you
can move and control that will change
your reality
you're you're watching me right now
having a fairly substantial impact on
the country now do you think that I
believe I live in an objective world
where the only things I can do are the
things that reality has allowed for me
it's like you only have this path it's
the only path you can get on can't get
on that path I don't live in that world
I live in a subjective reality and
because I understand it to be subjective
I don't see limitations the way I used
to I would have imagined okay I don't
have this set of skills so I can't do
that I don't have this training so I
can't do that I don't have enough time I
don't have enough money somebody's going
to dislike me I'm going to embarrass
myself it might not work out what if
what if it goes wrong that's objective
reality and it's a prison once you
realize that there are fairly ordinary
mechanisms that you can control meaning
your mind the systems you used to live
your life the things you focus
the things you care about the things you
dream of that these actually produce
different realities not you can't you
know make a car disappear you can't make
an elephant appear you can't make a bag
of money appear doesn't work like that
but you can absolutely steer you know
your reality is there's still gonna be
stuff out there that's exterior to you
but you can you can steer your way to
the movie you want have you watched me
do this by the way somebody's saying
that the proof is my girlfriend
Christina that's pretty good proof so
somebody says is this in loser think the
ideas that you're hearing now are sort
of spread across my existing books had a
failed almost everything and still win
big also in my book win big Leigh about
persuasion in general and if you really
want a total mind effing you should read
my book gods debris gods debris is
fiction but it's designed to it's
designed for you to feel for the first
time in many cases it would be the first
time that people felt it to feel that
reality could be reinterpreted in a
completely different way and still work
so that's what gods debris is about it's
fiction but as you read it it's designed
because I used hypnosis techniques as
well as writing techniques it's designed
to make most readers not everyone of you
because everybody's different but it's
designed to make most readers have the
sensation that they could understand
reality through a different filter for
the first time and that that filter
works as well as the filter they came to
it with once you realize that you can
see the world through two different
filters in other words two movies two
different realities and they both work
that's the key they both work if you
don't get that part you've missed the
secret I hate to say the secret because
that's the name of the book but if you
believe that you just went from one
filter on reality and then you've got
another one you said oh this new one is
so I'll get rid of the old one you
haven't learned the lesson the lesson is
they both work that's the lesson so
that's what God's debris tries to teach
you indirectly and they in a fictional
sense loser think is more about mental
traps than we get into and how to get
out of them and so I'll talk a lot more
about that in the coming months it's due
out in November
what about chronic health problems well
some of you may know that I had a
problem with my voice I lost my ability
to speak for three and a half years and
it was an incurable problem so I lived
in this for a while I lived in this
objective reality where some people get
this condition called spasmodic
dysphonia which is what I had which
makes your vocal cords scrunched
together when you're trying to talk and
so you can't produce intelligible noise
when I learned that it was incurable
there was no cure I would never be able
to speak again did I say to myself oh no
I am a victim of a reality that is
objective and now I know the rules and
the rules say that this is incurable I
guess that's the rest of my life imagine
going the rest of your life not being
able to speak 40 50 years of life not
being able to speak just imagine it okay
that's the reality that I was handed a
chose to violate that reality I chose to
violate it from the first day that I
found out it was incurable I told myself
that someday I would be doing this I
would be talking to a large number of
people with a perfect voice now
voice isn't perfect but if you heard my
voice before I had the voice problem
it's the best it's ever been in other
words my current speaking voice the one
you hear right now is substantially
better than the best voice I ever had
before I had a voice problem I said I'm
not gonna settle for getting my voice
back I said that every single day
everytime I got my car I repeated to
myself mentally i scott adams will have
a perfect voice every day for three and
a half years I hunted down the one
doctor in the world was experimentally
doing some surgeries on people's nerves
in their neck and he had some successes
in curing this problem I hunted him down
I went to his office I got the surgery
after a lot of research and it doesn't
work for everybody not every person who
has the research who has the surgery
gets the good result most get an
improvement but they don't all get a
full improvement
it took working on my voice every day
four years after the surgery it's been a
number of years every single day my
voice improved because I worked at it I
worked on my breathing I worked on my
tone I took everything that I learned
before the surgery about how to produce
good vocal quality and you see me doing
right now I'm speaking in what's called
the mask of my face so I said to reality
reality I reject you I reject you I'm
not going to have an incurable voice
problem I'm gonna be the first person
who cures it and then I did now I wasn't
the first person that turns out there
were some people I didn't know about but
most of the most of the world who has
this problem still has it I would say
95% of all the people who have the same
voice problem I had
still have it they still have it they
have insulting it so no I can tell you
more stories that are similar to that
somebody said did prayer play a part it
did not no I'm not a believer I'm very
Pro religion but I'm not a believer
personally I think religion is a great
filter on the world for a lot of people
and objectively speaking it's just
obvious somebody says so far I've lost
89 pounds I think you're referring to
using a system for weight loss that I
talked about in had a failed almost
everything and still win big and I a lot
of people have been writing to me and
telling me that they had lost massive
amounts of weight they got promotions
they doubled their pay and all of it is
the same phenomenon it's people who have
decided people who have decided that the
reality that they were handed they
reject they just rejected it they said
no I'm not going to take the reality I'm
handed I'm gonna make my own and there's
another 140 pounds down just look at the
comments somebody lost 89 pounds and
somebody who lost 40 pounds just
following a simple system the name of
the book is how to fail in almost
everything and still win big if you just
google my name on Amazon all the books
will pop up 50 pounds 30 pounds oh my
god look at all the people in the
comments who have lost some of the some
of the gained weight Saudi lost 20 23
pounds in 30 days holy cow another
40-pounder 42 pounds 10 pounds oh my god
abs at 33 somebody somebody got their
abs going somebody quit smoking lost 25
pounds somebody lost 80 pounds John do
you really John you lost 80 pounds it's
amazing
50 pounds look at the comments somebody
game 50 I don't think those people were
using the system somebody lost 40 pounds
are keeping it off years later the
keeping it office is the best pens 12
pounds closer to having abs and for age
48 up my pay by $50,000 these are in the
comments if you're watching this later
on YouTube you won't see the comments
somebody says there tried to lose 150
pounds parenthetically my girlfriend
somebody does 300 push-ups during my
periscope everyday that's the system
that is a heck of a good system so my
compliments so somebody hears that they
exercise during my periscopes that's a
great system because it reminds you to
do it it's like brushing your teeth at
the same time every day before you
you've got a good a bad if you can key
your your workout to an external event
it really makes it easier I do the same
thing I actually keep my workouts
depending on the time of the day if I if
it's later in the day I'll always listen
to the five so I've learned that
listening to the TV show of the five on
fox news is just really absorbing and
you know I love the show it's my
favorite show and so I matched that to
my exercise time and it makes me want to
exercise it's a great system alright
somebody else walks during my periscope
yeah have I heard of David Goggins I
have not all right
just looking at your comments and thanks
so much and I'm going to talk to all of
you later bye for now