good morning everybody and welcome to
the highlight of human civilization it's
called coffee with Scott Adams and
you've never had a better time but if
You' like to take it up to a level that
can barely be described with human
language all you need is a cup mugger
glass a tanker CH or Stein a canteen
Jugger flask a vessel of any kind
fill it with your favorite liquid I like
coffee and join me now for the
unparallel pleasure the dopam of the day
the thing that makes everything better
it's called the simultaneous siping
happens now
go so
good so good well I'm going to start
with some pallet
cleansers small little news bit bits
that are kind of interesting then we'll
get into the border and all the big big
stories and the politics and stuff uh
first two sciency things from uh Brian
relli uh he notes that scientists from
the someplace in the UK it doesn't
matter uh they found a massive Cosmic
structure that's a giant uh almost a
perfect circle of galaxies and Galaxy
clusters the spans uh 1.3 billion light
years in diameter it's bigger than any
known structure and in theory could not
exist we we don't know anything about
anything have you noticed that just when
we think we know about you know the Big
Bang or or really anything turns out
nope we don't know anything about
anything so I don't know why there would
be a gigantic 1.3 billion Lightyear
perfect circle of galaxies and Galaxy
clusters and apparently all of our
theories can't explain
that so wouldn't it be interesting if
someday we find that there are
aliens but the aliens are like the size
of
planets there's nothing that would
preclude that right could couldn't the
aliens be you know like a mile
tall or is that impossible maybe it's
impossible because of physics you yeah
there's something well but of course our
physics assumes that it's like a
humanoid body you know organic body if
it's not organic if it's something else
maybe it could be so strong that it
could be as big as King Kong wouldn't
that be cool well Brian also reports
he's working on an app store that's open
source for AI apps does that sound like
a small story or a big
story that is a gigantic potentially
story because right now the uh the apps
that you have are kind of tied to your
phone and Apple's going to take what is
what does Apple take
30% of your profit from any
app but what's going to happen to the
profitability of apps when you don't
have to pay the uh the phone provider
for it and how in the world can apple
survive as a company if there's an open
source app store for AI and the AI
prices come down to zero and you don't
need all the fancy programming CU we're
very close to the pH here here's what I
think here's what I think's going to
happen I've said this for a long time
but we finally have the technology to do
it um your phone is should turn into a
commodity right now it's a luxury good
but it should turn into a commodity that
is nothing but a screen and Wi-Fi and
you know touchcreen and maybe some
Bluetooth that's about it cameras but
basically the processing should be some
AI kind of thing where it's never the
same each time you use it you should be
able to just talk to it or type on it
and tell it what you want and it just
figures out what you want as you go so
that's the
future and it could be good all right
here's a little uh life
advice and this one this will actually
just just change some lives most of you
not most of you will just say oh That's
mildly interesting but some of you are
going to listen to this and it will
completely change your experience for
the rest of your life just a few of you
we see if it's one of you it goes like
this uh it's a reframe did you ever have
one of those days where you're not one
of those people who maybe has clinical
depression but you just one day you feel
this overwhelming sense of I know
depression and Dread and hopelessness
has anybody ever had that and you're not
you're not a clinical depression person
is just for whatever damn reason you
wake up and oh my God everything's bad
today right so I I had one of those days
the other
day but I have a reframe that I've used
several times successfully and I used it
again successfully and the reframe goes
like
this I don't have depression there's
nothing extra wrong with the world I
have a dopamine
shortage as soon as I told myself it was
dopamine shortage I knew exactly what to
do about it I was like oh dopamine if
it's a dopamine shortage and it's not
really about all the things in the world
that I think it is then I just go get
some more
dopamine so I take my dog to the park
walk around in the sun eat some food I
like make sure I'm hydrated boom problem
solved problem solved the the moment you
reframe it as a dopamine
shortage it gives you the menu of
solutions oh I know what gives me
dopamine I'll go get some sex some
exercise eat right maybe I need to take
a nap but the moment you realize there's
nothing wrong with the
world is is just a dopamine shortage
boom solution uh wh watch how that
changes your life it's such a it sounds
like a small thing I know but for maybe
10% of you
your entire world just
changed you're welcome all right um I
like to go back to this following topic
a lot but I saw Joo
willink said a quote in a podcast I look
at alcohol now I've seen it destroy so
many people that I kind of look at it
and go man I don't think people should
drink he's almost there the the number
of um let's say
influencers who are saying directly
alcohol is bad uh is really increasing
if you haven't noticed the number of
people who other people listen to who
are in the you know self-improvement or
even just in the news that say they
don't drink at all and it's not because
they were alcoholics they just kind of
woke up one day and said what the hell
am I doing
so
so I think that the reframe alcohol is
poison which I I like to like to put out
there it's sort of based on the alcohol
is sugar um theme same or I'm sorry that
sugar is poison so that came before
alcohol is poison but they both work as
a reframe because once you think of it
as poison instead of a beverage it's
pretty easy to avoid
it it's it's hard to avoid a beverage if
you're at a party and you know it'll
make you feel more social and everything
thing here's a beverage oh everybody's
drinking a beverage I'll have a beverage
nope it's poison if somebody ends you a
drink of poison you don't say well
everybody else is drinking it unless
you're in
Jonestown all right I've got a another
reframe for you this one will really
help you um you're all aware of the
reframe that says follow the money and
the idea is if you're trying to figure
out what's really going on in the world
or people you know or politics if you
just see who's making money from
whatever it is that's being proposed you
usually know exactly what's going to
happen so follow of the money tends to
be predictive if the powerful people can
make money off a thing the thing is
likely to
happen but here's a
reframe money if you have enough to pay
your Essentials let's say you have
enough to eat and survive money after
that is basically a mating strategy we
don't always think of it that way but it
is entirely true that the more money you
have the more the more more of a good
mate you look like you we evolve that
way now it's mostly women seeing men
with money but it could work the other
way I suppose um so here's the
reframe follow the money is just another
way to say Follow The Mating
Instinct because the money is really
collected
to improve your mating odds we don't
always think of it that way but I always
did but by the time I was probably five
I know at least eight years old I said
to myself wait a minute I look in the
mirror and I see what I'm working with
huh I look at my face I look at my you
body my height my probable hairline when
I get older my father was bald my
grandfather was bald you more it's more
on the woman's side but my grandfather's
bald my uncle was bald on that side so I
knew I was going to be short and Bal and
uh by fourth grade I knew I was going to
wear
glasses and so I said to myself my God I
don't have a chance of
mating I'm gonna have to get really
rich now you might say to yourself Scott
you didn't actually have that
conversation with yourself when you were
eight years old I'm going to look you in
the eye I will promise you I had that
conversation with myself when I was
eight years old I definitely looked in
the mirror and I said I'd better get
rich because I don't have a
chance that's a true story now I don't
know that everybody has that same
feeling yeah I still haven't made it um
but in the subconscious level I think
you do
so let me give you a little uh mental
experiment to see what I
mean imagine if you would that all of
our migrants who are forming this
migrant crisis the millions of M
migrants would come across the border
suppose I told you that 95% of them were
single
women and that they were all of
reproductive
age and sure I do know that some are
terrorists you know the vast majority of
them are just good people but some
percentage way too many are
terrorists now you say to me Scott would
you flow the illegal migration and I'd
say wait explain to me again who's
coming in well
95% uh youngish women who you know from
their country there's no obesity they
seem pretty healthy and they just want
to come in here and
mate but honestly 5% of them are just
maybe terrorists and criminals so so
that's bad do you know what I would say
10 million H that feels okay it's only
10 million and they're all young
reproductive age women huh that feels
pretty good to me but 5% are actually
terrorists Scot are you ignoring the 5%
are terrorists I go huh no I'm
incorporating that in my
decision yeah now am I
kidding not
really not really
because I'm just being honest a lot of
these decisions are reproductive
strategy decisions that we just don't
realize that's what they are do you
think it's a coincidence that the
Democrat Party is 68% single women or
whatever it is something like you know
mo it's not that but uh most of the
single women are
Democrats do you think do you think it's
a
coincidence that the Democrats who are
largely female and single uh want a
whole bunch of single reproductive age
men to enter the country I don't think
so and I don't think they think of it
that way I don't think anybody's saying
more people to mate with maybe some but
no I think Follow The Mating tells you
what now let's do an
experiment let's look at Democrat versus
Republican and see if Follow The Mating
predicts everything you see let's take
abortion big difference between Dem and
Republicans I say that abortion is a
female mating
strategy do I need to explain that or is
that obvious to everybody that abortion
is a female mating strategy now you say
to yourself no Scott that's the opposite
that's totally the opposite because
they're not having a baby that's the
opposite of a strategy nope no women are
not in the business of having maximum
babies they're not in that business
they're mating strategy is to have the
best babies the best babies that they
can take care of so the best babies are
not the ones that they are aboring
they're not saying oh I got a guy who's
going to stay with me he's got lots of
money he's he's attractive he's got
everything going for him H so I'm GNA
I'm not going to have his baby no it's
usually because the guy wasn't going to
support him they would weren't
interested in being with that guy it's a
filtering process so aborting the baby
is aborting the father in effect fact
you're basically rejecting the the
father of the
baby now some is economic of course but
even the economic is related to The
Mating so or give me give me another uh
give me any other topic that's different
between men and women let's take Ukraine
Ukraine um Democrats seem to be more in
favor of it than at least Republican
voters not Republican politicians
but oh oh take gun control gun control
so women want fewer guns but how is that
connected to
mating uh well
they yeah that one's a little different
because you'd expect that they'd want to
be around men who could protect them and
they might be more likely to have
guns yeah does that make sense that's
yeah I guess that would be mating
strategy to prefer to be around people
who could protect you that's kind of
obvious but women don't like
guns at least Democrat women so I'm not
sure that guns are guns are probably
just not understanding the
situation I think guns are a special
case because guns we treat it like it's
guns are good or bad but the reality is
that guns are definitely make some
people safer and they definitely make
other people less safe so imagining that
we can agree on some average is
ridiculous because the people who need
them need them and the people who are
less safe don't want them that's never
going to change it shouldn't change
people should vote their
self-interest your wife loves when
you're
packing anyway Follow The Mating all
right I believe it it is inevitable
here's a prediction that our future
humanoid um Rob robots and maybe AI in
general is going to have to come in two
different flavors you could have a a
republican
robot and a uh and a Democrat robot does
anybody disagree probably also male and
female that's true but I think they're
going to be they're going to have to be
Republican and Democrat because if I let
one of these in my
house I don't want it to be like a
blue-haired
crazy yeah I I don't want my robot to be
the very people I try to avoid in real
life you know and so and you know
likewise if you're a Democrat you don't
want any damn Republican robot in your
house so since we're going to we're
going to really really want our robots
to agree with us in let's say the big
things you know the really big stuff you
know not
everything uh but you want your robot to
be basically on your SA side for the big
life things so there will in fact have
to be an option for your robot to maybe
maybe a flip a switch would be smarter
but uh a switch to make it Republican or
Democrat so that's my prediction that
you'll have to do that because people
will just demand it or they'll hack it
themselves to make it that
way um so as I mentioned yesterday I was
trending like crazy so I was trending
between Hillary Clinton and egene
Carroll so that that wasn't the best
look but I was trending you know what's
funny about that I don't know why I was
trending I trended all day on the
xplatform in other words somebody
thought I was the big story or one of
the big stories I don't know why did
anybody else figure it out I have a
hypothesis because I I told you that the
paid trolls um got instructions to come
after me and by the way this is not a
conspiracy theory weird thing I'm coming
up with we found out after the 2016
election that there were in fact
literally paid trolls and that they
would come after Republicans and they
would get their marching orders go after
this one or go after that one and it
looks like it looks like I the order
came to go after me so I think I
actually was trending
because of the paid
trolls I think because they they tended
to mention my name when they they did
things and the way you can tell that
they're paid is they have a very very
common quality to them they're weird
little accounts they don't have a lot of
followers often they've been around for
a while because the trolls have been
using the same accounts for years but
they only emerge when it's election year
there's there's a group of people only
emerge when it's election
year by the way I believe that there's a
group of female Republicans who are also
paid to interact uh on social media
there there are a number of females that
only get really active as Republicans
when there's an election and I think to
myself huh they only really care an
election year they get really really
active I I don't think those are organic
I think those are working for somebody
um but I had so many so the thing that
the paid trolls do is they're trying to
suck my soul enemy as talker Carlson
notes they're not trying to change
everybody's mind so they don't give any
arguments they never they never uh talk
about the content to the post when they
come after you in my case it looks like
they literally had a psychologist give
them ideas of what would hurt me the
most it looks obvious that that's what's
happening so what they do is they come
after me for having been recently
divorced like that has anything to do
with what I'm posting on
X and and they they have the same little
saying which is their tell that's how
you know it's artificial is they say
that I'm proving I'm the most divorced
man in
America now that is such a specific
thing to say and it has nothing to do
with anything I'm ever talking about
that you can tell it's just organized so
today what it
disappeared so I was actually just
buried with these same looking trolls
yesterday and now they're just all
gone yeah none of it's real everything
you think about that is exactly what it
is it's people like me who are getting
getting targeted by Democrat operatives
during an election year and they're just
trying to make me spend less time online
because apparently they decided I'm
influencing people otherwise they
wouldn't care now it would bother me I
suppose if I didn't know it's artificial
but when it's artificial and you just
you can see the gears of the machine
it's so different than 2016 in 2016 we
were guessing you know in 2016 I was
guessing huh I wonder if YouTube is
suppressing me well I don't have to
guess
anymore I don't have to wonder if these
are paid
trolls right I don't have to
wonder all right
um here here's something that BAGI
swasan said if you're not following BAGI
you
should
um he's he's starts out by saying that
uh 68% of unmarried women are
Democrats and he says that the Democrats
Define themselves by their
victimization rather than their
aspirations that Republicans have
aspirations and Democrats have
complaints about their victim mood so it
is sort of the victim party I I feel
like we should start calling him the
victim
party because everything they do would
agree with that label but nobody wants
to be the victim party so the victim
party um and I think what's the real
problem with the Democrats is that men
are not good at saying no to single
women yeah you you can't say no to
single women because you get all kened
um here's what Candace Owen said on a
podcast she said recently I would be
terrified if I got into a plane and I
saw a woman flying the
plane now you're going to say to
yourself hey that's a sexist thing to
say isn't it no it
isn't it's not that is not a sexist
thing to say it's a it has it's a math
thing to say it doesn't say that women
are worse Pilots than men
she's not saying that if that's what you
see you're not you're not playing Fair
she's very clearly saying as part of the
Dei that you know the the head of United
said he was you know trying hard to get
diversity and if you try too hard to get
diversity you're going to be lowering
your
standards if it's the only way you can
get there so what you worry about as a
flyer is how much did they lower their
standards if at all if at all to get to
their uh their
quotas now uh it's terribly unfair to be
bigoted against you know woman or a
person of color if they're a pilot would
you agree that that is bigoted if you
don't know anything about them
personally but you say oh there's a
black pilot or a woman pilot it must be
a Dei thing it's very bigot it what do
you say of course it is yeah it's it's
discrimination it's bigotry however it
is completely moral and ethical to do
so because that form of bigotry in the
specific case is for self-defense so
Candice is is saying specifically I'd be
afraid of dying now if you're protecting
yourself physically or your family in
self-defense bigotry is not only allowed
it's
recommended is not just allowed it's
recommended because bigotry often will
get you a better answer than you know
wokeness when it comes to your physical
safety so bigotry uh to remind you is in
other domains when you get outside of
self-defense you know and staying alive
if you're looking at you know business
or personal life or all that then the
bigotry is immoral and often illegal and
it's not good for the world so that
should be dis disavowed entirely As
Trump like Trump likes to say but back
in
if she has a feeling that Dei has
influenced the quality of her Pilots
then bigotry is not
only um allowed it's completely moral
ethical
legal and yes she can say it right in
public that that she's using this
standard and again the bigotry is not
based on being a man or being black or
any of that it's based on the assumption
that the Dei process would drive them to
lower quality candidates not that those
people are lower quality in general all
right Vermont proved that nobody in
Vermont can do uh math and or understand
economics so they're looking at
legislation that would tax wealth uh
everything over $10 million you'd be
taxed on if it went up in value even if
you didn't realize the
value that's right listen to this if you
had uh assets over $10 million let's say
you were worth 20 million the 10 million
that's over the 10 uh if that 10
million's in stocks and the value of
your stocks go up
20% you have to pay taxes on the gain
now if next year those same stocks go
down 20% you get your money
back no I'm just kidding I'm just
kidding you don't get your money back no
no they just keep your
money yeah no it's stupid there there
there are some uh bills and plans that
you could say huh they have different
priorities no that's not what's going on
here no this is just
stupid what what rich person is going to
stay in
Vermont Vermont is not exactly the place
you just have to live in right sort of
an optional place to live the people who
are paying most most of the taxes are
the rich the high income people the rich
are going to move out of there as fast
as they can there's no way I would live
in Vermont yeah Vermont is completely
off the list places to move to I'd never
I'd never open a business there because
what if my business becomes worth more
than $10
million it would be the wrong state to
have a business and if you don't think
your business could be worth more than
$10
million well it's a small business yeah
so I would say that uh 80% of their
taxpayer base would leave under those
conditions if they could go to a state
that doesn't have
that all right in simulation news has
anybody noticed that the rate of
coincidence seems to be increasing does
anybody notice that it just just more
coincidences I don't know that's real
you know it just feels like just's more
coincidence but here's a weird one so
yesterday afternoon I spent a bunch of
time searching Toyota Tacoma trucks
specifically the
Tacoma now I'm just trying to figure out
some kind of vehicle my next vehicle by
the way what do you
think does a Toyota Tacoma makes sense
for me and my age and who I am does that
make sense for me I feel like it fits
like I'm ready for an old man truck I I
always wanted a grandpa truck you know
when when I reached a certain age so
it's you know I just feel like a truck
is exactly what I'm supposed to be in
but the but I want to be able to park it
you know I don't want the wide truck the
wide truck is pain in the ass because
you can't park it as easily in as many
places anyway but that has nothing to do
with anything so I spend the afternoon
looking at Tacoma trucks and then when
I'm done I say I think I'm going to
watch see if anything's on Netflix and I
turn on Netflix and the homepage the one
that comes up when you first open it
was for a new series called
Tacoma about some
firefighters now that was pretty weird
but just a coincidence however I
recommend the show it's actually a
really really funny
show um here's another one the leader
the new leader of Poland his name is
Donald
Tusk Donald
Tusk all day long we talk about Donald
Trump and Elon
Musk and then the head of Poland is
Donald
Tusk it's just there's just something
weird about
that all right well that's enough of
that Florida is considering a ban on
social media for people under 16 so it
hasn't passed yeah I guess it went
through the House of Representatives in
Florida but still has not been heard in
the state
senate I don't think it'll get passed
but maybe it will because Florida is
such an outlier in terms of doing
Republic Republican stuff so maybe they
will but what what would you think if
you were a parent and your child was
using something every day that the State
of Florida having seriously looked into
it and being concerned about the health
of children said it's so dangerous that
it should be
illegal and your kids using
it that that would be like you you know
all the states say cocaine is illegal
for children but your kids using cocaine
you're like ah this should work
out I don't know yeah I don't know if
it'll make any difference or if it's
going anywhere I think Tik Tok probably
has enough money to kill this we'll see
um if you didn't hear the reason that
Tim P pulled one or two shows there
might have been two of them uh he had
guests on they were making references to
killing people and that's not cool
podcasts so I kind of agree with Tim p
uh he he basically cost himself a lot of
money I would guess that Tim
pool probably makes a few thousand
dollars per video so for him to pull his
video first of all is smart because he
could lose his whole Channel but um it's
responsible that's good responsible
behavior so um yeah then it got
attention indirectly
so good work for Tim P just being a
responsible Citizen and managing his
business model correctly I think he
nailed it and you can disagree whether
you know whether he went too far but
it's not your call the only decision
it's just his call and to me it looks
like he made the right
call and it made a point it also made a
point for his future guests so all good
I think he comes out
ahead well apparently uh Christopher Ray
is being accused of hollowing out the
FBI with a bunch of Dei um hires so a
bunch of uh let's see there's a report
by an alliance of retired in active duty
agents who say basically the new
recruits are lower quality because the
uh the requirements for being in the FBI
were lowered so that they could improve
their diversity through Dei so there's a
the these critics who are current and
past FBI people uh say that Christopher
Ray has degraded the recruitment
standards in all areas including
physical fitness illicit drug use
Financial irregularities mental health
full-time work experience and
integrity so that basically the FBI is
just a a woke nightmare at this point so
if you hear that FBI is being hollowed
out by Dei do you think that V is right
you could get rid of 75% of them without
hurting your
Effectiveness I do yeah I I actually
believe you know once once I hear about
the Dei stuff I go oh yeah and anybody
who's doing massive Dei you could fire
75% of them I think that was the story
with Twitter yeah you if you find that
much wokeness you can fire 75% of them
there there should be a rule about that
if you have a Dei group you can fire 75%
of everybody and you could break even in
terms of productivity it' be about the
same just be
cheaper well the FBI is probably going
to find that out in Hunter Biden news uh
I guess hter Biden's associate Rob
walker uh has now testified under oath
that Hunter Biden's work for the Chinese
Energy company CFC began while Joe Biden
was still president and
vice president in
2015 so let's add that to the list of
everything you suspected was true was
exactly like it looked like Hunter Biden
was taking money from a Chinese Energy
company while his father was vice
president of the United
States yeah and his name is
Rob his partner's name is
Rob that is
funny
so that's exactly what it looks like
here's another exactly what it looks
like uh what were the odds that in an
election year where Biden needs to get
reelected who could have
predicted that yesterday there would be
a post by Paul Krugman famous Democrat
leading um Economist who would say this
so 2023 was a miraculous year for the
economy high growth with inflation
falling all the way back to the fed's
Target Rising real wages and here
according to yugov is how the
Republicans saw it then says the
Republicans see it as bad
news Kyle bass weighed into that and
said the great illusion of the self-
congratulatory academics is how they
chain weight inflation in other words
they're calculating it a stupid way uh
the real number is over 40% in the last
three years combined so if you took all
the inflation that's cumulatively piled
up that's what you need to look at not
what happened more
recently um so so there are a few things
to learn here number one all economic
numbers are made up add that to all war
related move all war related data is
made up and all economy related data is
made up especially in election year you
could guarantee in fact I literally had
a conversation with my stepdaughter I
said uh election year coming the
government always juices the numbers so
it looks better than it is if they want
the incumbent to get reelected and sure
enough right on time exactly when you
predicted the top Democrat name in
economics says my God it was a
miraculous year that Joe Biden really
nailed it and would you expect other
people to disagree with with his
assessment of course because all of our
data is fake and all of our pundits are
lying okay maybe not all of them most of
them how about another one for what you
suspected was exactly
true and we'll add this to the Trump was
right pile uh Joel Pollock was pointing
this out and the Trump was right so
there's a un group called unua
unrwa that stands for un relief and
works agency but basically it's
specifically to help uh refugees from
the Palestine areas as they would call
it um and Trump thinking this was a
sketchy organization pulled funding from
them Joe Biden said oh Trump pulled
their funding I'm going to give it right
back and gave them back their funding so
how did that work out once they got
funded let's see checking checking an
update for un funding oh okay here's an
update the state department has
temporarily paused additional funding
for allegations that 12 of the agency's
employees were involved in the Hamas
attack on October
7th wait
what has Trump ever been more right than
that I mean he was right on the border
he was right done a lot of stuff but I
don't think he's ever been more right
than
this so Biden gave funding back to the
people who help plan October
7th and now Biden is saying um you maybe
we
should reduce that funding a little bit
maybe a little bit less funding for the
terrorist
planners
yeah so I finally figured out
why um Trump is considered on the right
and the Democrats are considering the
left I I hadn't figured it out it's
because Trump is always
right and if you take all the opinions
that people have and you remove from
them the ones that are right you know
the Trump opinions the ones that are
right then the opinions that are
wrong would be what they would be what's
left so if you take out if you remove
from the the subset of all opinions the
the ones that are
right then the ones that you haven't
removed are the ones that are
left so that's why it's called right and
left because some are
right and the others are what's
left all right um oh here's a big
surprise um you might be surprised to
know that there's a CIA whistleblower
who alleges that uh the CIA offered to
pay off independent analysts to to
change their positions on whether the
covid-19 lab leak theory was
valid so we don't have confirmation of
that it's just a
whistleblower but a whistleblower
according to Rand Paul who's taking us
seriously and he's he's a serious person
who's a credit to the country even when
I don't agree with him he's still a
credit to the country Rand Paul because
he's consistent he's not a damn
hypocrite and he's actually trying to
help the country in everything he does
it's just obvious he's he's just trying
to make things work so I love my I love
me some Rand Paul but um yeah he's it's
a good thing he's looking into
this so Rand Paul he might have been
right about everything in the pandemic
and
fouchy because he's on the right and
when you remove those opinions well
that's what's left all right let's talk
about the Eugene Carol
uh Corruption of justice so there's a
result in the lawsuit where e Carrol was
suing Trump for defamation because Trump
called her a liar and
whatnot um so the court has decided that
uh Trump should pay her 83.3
million
so so that feel like uh justice as been
served or does it feel like the courts
are completely broken in some
jurisdictions and that as soon as
Trump's name comes up there isn't a
chance he gets a a good trial now I
don't think he's going to ever pay this
money seems like there's something you
could do to make this go away some legal
process uh but John lefave does a good
job of summarizing what you didn't know
about this trial right now I knew a few
of these things but when you see them
all in the list oh my God so let me read
what John LEF uh summarizes he says uh I
thought everyone knew the EEG Carrol
versus Trump case was bogus until I
heard my mother's uh late 60s Republican
uninformed take on the verdict after
watching ABC Nightly News oh big
surprise somebody watched ABC Nightly
News and was misinformed on a news story
well I didn't see that coming all right
so here's the better take on it uh he
says it's hard to find on Google so
here's what you need to know
um about the case most of which was
deemed inadmissible by the judge number
one uh she couldn't recall the date
month season or year the incident
happened the incident where she alleges
that Trump uh pushed her into a restroom
or a changing room I guess a changing
area and uh sexually touched
her um so she didn't even know the
season or the year she never told anyone
about it so at the time that it
allegedly happened there was
no that's the part I thought actually
did
happen so give me a fact check do I just
have a false memory because I thought in
a case like this unless they had told
somebody that they knew at the time
happened I thought that these cases
never go anywhere like if you don't have
a witness that you were talking about it
when it happened that's almost a
guarantee that nobody can do anything
with it from a legal perspective because
that is just what you said happened 100
years ago and that's not enough but
according to uh
lefave uh she never told uh she never
told anybody about it so the court case
didn't present that yeah she also
tweeted that that her favorite show was
the uh well we'll get that was The
Apprentice that's actually on the
list the dress she claims to have been
wearing didn't exist at the
time the dress she claimed to be wearing
didn't
exist her description of the dressing
room uh at bergd off Goodman was
inaccurate making her sequence of events
impossible her lawsuit was bankrolled by
Jeffrey Epstein pal and Democrat and
Nikki Hy uh Mega donor Reed
Hoffman Democrats created a law the
adult survivors act in 2022 to enable
her lawsuit to proceed because the
statute of limitations had run out and
coincidentally New York created a law
that had the effect of making this
specific
case
pursuable now do you think they made
that law just because of trump
well they would say
no but
probably um her accusation is the exact
plotline of an episode of Law and Order
one of her favorite
shows now if anybody has a link to that
that you could send me somewhere I'd
love to watch the show I I don't know I
I'd have to see it myself to say that
the plot line is exact maybe it just
reminds you of it which wouldn't be good
enough but it's certainly part of the
story uh and we're not even to the good
stuff yet uh Trump's Apprentice was her
favorite show one of her favorite shows
do you think if you get sexually abused
the abusers TV show is one of your
favorite shows is basically
impossible that that's my understanding
of human
beings my understanding of human beings
is that would be literally
impossible but who knows
um she has a history of falsely accusing
men of rape including Les moonves well I
don't think we can know that anything is
a false accusation we can know that she
didn't prove
it and I think Les mves has been accused
of quite a few
things um I don't know if he's ever been
proven but have I ever told you that
100% of public figures get accused of
things just like this I've been accused
Ed of uh I've been accused of like
massive rape by a person I never met
somebody who lives in
Canada yeah I definitely have never met
them yeah there there's somebody who
calls up the people I work with every
few years to tell them that I go to
Canada or to Raper on a regular
basis that's a real thing and by the way
not the only
one do you think it's the only one no oh
by the way while I'm
here uh let me say something uh there is
an impostor somebody pretending to be me
who is apparently getting a number of
single lonely women to believe that I am
in a relationship with them and a few of
them have showed up at my house right so
a few of them have showed up at my house
because they believed they had been in a
long-term digital relationship with me
and that I invited them to live the rest
of the life so they've showed up with
baggage like actually luggage to
actually move into my house and I open
the door and I say
hello and they say I'm here do you know
who I am and I have to say I'm sorry I
don't and then when I find out I have to
explain to them it's not the first time
so it's really tough to hear that you've
been in a romantic relationship for a
year that wasn't even
real so uh and then there are also some
number of people who who believe I'm
sending them secret
signals um through the live stream and
that it's part of our relationship you
know confirming things we talked about
and things like that that's not
happening right or let me put it this
way if if you don't know my phone
number I'm not saying secret things to
you on on my live stream but there are a
few people who know me well enough that
they know my phone number and in some
cases I do say things that are like
little little Easter eggs just for the
people I know but no there there's
nobody who I have a secret you know
going to marry them relationship that
doesn't have my phone
number yeah if you don't have my phone
number I'm not in a relationship with
you all right um just put that out there
as a public service because it's it's a
pretty big
problem um more about Eugene uh Carol
the accuser of trump
um she told Anderson Cooper most people
think of rape as being
sexy okay that's a little out of context
though
um and she made a career promoting
promise cue but I don't think that's and
her cat's name is vagina but I don't
think that's you know here I think I
would side with
egene those are not the things that you
should be bringing up in court because
everybody's you know most adults are
sexual creatures so you know I don't
really care that cat is name vagina
except that is
hilarious all
right um but I hope she doesn't let the
cat Outdoors because if she lets that
cat outoors could be a mountain
lion that would eat her vagina anyway
Mike Ben uh thinks that we need a
sanctuary state to Shield uh Republicans
from the laware he's not wrong I I feel
like there should be a state you could
move to when you're falsely accused used
by another
state like
literally literally no
hyperbole no joke we might actually need
a state that would protect people if
they move there to get away from
obviously
malignant you know prosecution I mean if
if Florida could do it I don't think
they could do it and wouldn't make sense
in his case but if they can say to Trump
look as long as you stay in the state
you're fine
you know we won't let them get to you we
need a sanctuary state for Republicans
like honest to God we need it really
really need
it all right or we should get rid of all
the sanctuary cities that would be the
other way to go
um all right keep in mind that Eugene
Carol won her civil lawsuit against
Trump after losing the criminal one the
criminal one is where you prove beyond
the shadow of a doubt that the event
even
happened she was not able to prove to a
jury that the event or a judge I don't
know that the event happened doesn't
mean it didn't happen it just means she
was unable to prove it happened so how
do you prove that Trump defamed her if
you can't prove that the event
happened than Trump calling her a liar
for saying it
happened wouldn't you have to prove
that it did happen in order to know that
Trump was defaming her versus accurately
describing her it's ridiculous so I can
I can give you 10 more minutes of why
this ruling is clearly you know nothing
even close to Justice it's just a crazy
punishment on on Trump yeah it's just
crazy you know it's
a it's a Democrat judge it's the whole
it's everything you think it is every
wrong thing you think yeah it's just
what you thought it
was but it's all right here's a
prediction
um my prediction is since Reed Hoffman
was uh backing Nikki
Haley and that makes him sort of a yeah
you could say he's an enemy to the
Republicans but Republicans do have a
little bit of Honor you know not every
one of them
but I think that as long as somebody is
transparently funding a candidate in a
open election in our you know Democratic
Republic that even if you hate it he is
an American and as an American he gets
to do American things and if they're
legal such as funding a candidate even
if it's for a sketchy reason because
he's funding the other party Etc it's
all
transparent and therefore legal
you know well not therefore but it is
also legal so I don't think that
anybody's going to try to like Target
Reed Hoffman for Destruction because
he's on the other team although we do a
lot of that too
much however he was also allegedly the
main funer behind this lawsuit which
means paying the lawyers I assume now do
you consider this a legitimate attack on
Trump well I suppose it depends if you
think that the uh the ACT actually
happened or alternately if you think
that it was proven substantially enough
that you know the legal system should
act on it here's what I see and I don't
know if anybody else sees it I want to
be really careful how I talk about it
because I don't
recommend or even approve of going after
an American in any sketchy way like I
don't think we should be at each other's
throats about stuff
however uh let me put my notes down for
a moment and speak to you as a human
adult
male as a human adult male you can sense
when the line has been
crossed adult males can you give me a
little can you confirm this EG and Carol
stuff now that we know how it turned out
this crossed the
line this is not like funding Nikki
which is kind of a clever dirty trick
but it's transparent it's legal he's an
American citizen involved in politics
perfectly legitimate even if you hate it
it's
legitimate but funding this
lawsuit now that you know the
details does that feel like that was
part of the normal process does that
does that feel like he was he was just
in the game like everybody else and he
played the rules of the game I'm going
to say that he he increased the size of
the
field and he just made it completely
acceptable for the Republicans to
destroy his
life now I don't recommend it I actually
like Reed Hoffman I've met him he's
actually he was very kind very generous
to me and I like him so I wouldn't want
to see anything bad happen to him so on
a personal level I don't want anything
think that you know don't do anything
bad to readed
Hof however it's not up to me and if I
were observing this from the outside and
predicting probably the hit has already
been
ordered at some deep level in the
Republican party where the naughtiest
members live I'm pretty sure the order
just went out to destroy his
life so my prediction is that Reed
Hoffman is going to be the subject of
maybe false
accusations but it's going to get really
dark and I also think that there is a
principle of um mutually assured
destruction which is a necessity for
civilization to
function meaning that it doesn't matter
if the law says you can't you know do
something terrible to my family if you
do I'm going to kill you right mutually
assured destruction if I can find you so
sometimes the law can handle stuff and
in this case the law was completely
incapable and made things worse it looks
like but am I wrong but let let me just
check my assumptions doesn't it seem
like he crossed the
line and again I don't want anybody to
get hurt I don't like fake rumors I
don't like fake stories about anybody I
don't like any of that but you would be
naive if you don't think The Kill Order
has already been
given I mean that there were there are
Republicans who work in the dirty tricks
domain that are already pouring through
his garbage cans right now if anybody
female or male has ever made an
accusation against them you're going to
find out in the next 30
days it's going to get really
ugly so so Reed you have opened up a new
do domain and I think that the
Republicans have a free punch so if
you're hiding anything they're
definitely going to find it and if if
you're not hiding anything they might
find that too so it doesn't mean that
they're going to play fair because keep
in mind the accusation was that he
didn't play
fair if you don't play fair and that's
what your opponent thinks they're not
going to play fair so basically all all
controls have been removed from
Republicans when it comes to this one
individual
yeah so um I hate that I hate that
that's going to happen to him but
I also like mutually assured destruction
because it does keep Society coming
along Andrew CUO has been accused of
subjecting 13 women to sexually hostile
stuff in the office uh turly gives
him I I like how turle is approaching
this so the question is not whether he
did or did not do these things because
we don't know we weren't there the
question is apparently the government
has decided that without proof you know
without a trial that really gets to the
factual part of it that they're just
going to accuse him of being this
horrible person and smear him in public
and I don't know so I guess Kristen
Clark the Assistant Attorney General in
the agency's Civil Rights division
declared that the conduct in the
executive chamber blah blah blah under
the former Governor was especially
egregious because of the Stark power
differential and the victims and blah
blah blah and
the the problem here is that he's
convicted without a
trial Yeah so basically the government
has said you did 13 horrible sex related
things and where's his
defense where's the part where he gets
to say it didn't happen or you don't
understand or it was consensual now I
don't know if it was so I can neither
defend him nor condemn him because who
knows
but yeah yeah this is
very wrong so the fact that he happens
to be a Democrat shouldn't and interally
is you know uh handling this correct way
it shouldn't matter what party he's in
if this happened to a republican you'd
be squeaking a lot you know if you're a
republican this just happened to happen
to a Democrat so did he do bad things I
don't know I don't know I just know that
the process that they put him through is
not an American process the American
process is you get to face your accusers
have your day in court or at least get
to tell your side of
things all
right uh here's some number well um how
many of you think that the January 6
committee should be arrested and
jailed yeah because again the January 6
committee did not do a government
function in a government government way
in a transparent way in an honorable and
legal way if they had done that and I
just didn't like the outcome I'd say
vote them out of office vote them out
but to me it looks like based on what we
know today especially the information
they
deleted um and and having watched the
whole thing live that it was just an op
and if it's an op in other words a uh a
managed planned
coordinated attempt to take the
president of the United States out of
office on
 then that should be some kind
of Rico or organized crime thing I would
think they should all be
jailed do you agree now obviously and we
just talked about Cuomo I don't want
them jailed just because I have
suspicions that's not good enough yeah I
don't want any kind of a you know Witch
Hunt on top of a Witch Hunt it has to be
legal process has to be transparent has
to be ethical and you know done right
but to me it's pretty obvious this was a
major criminal act uh against the United
States and against the Citizens and that
would be the first thing I would want
after the Border gets closed uh the
first thing I would want from a trump
Administration should it happen would be
to announce charges against the people
on the on the committee and at least
make them defense defend themselves you
know if they have a defense I'm willing
to listen but to me it looks like as an
American citizen what they did was a
crime um at a level that sometimes
there's execution as a you know if if it
looked like treason it would look it
would be execution would be on the uh at
least on your mind I don't think they
should be executed
but maybe they need to be in jail B
based on what we can observe it like a
horrible crime was done now the reason
I'm treating this as more worse than
other things you know because the
government does a lot of bad things it
does appear that they intentionally
created a narrative that would jail
hundreds of Americans who shouldn't have
been jailed it's one thing if the public
goes after a political person you maybe
they break the law when they're doing it
maybe they act on ethically so going
after a political person feels
completely different because I think
that in order to get this political
person they took out maybe hundreds of
American just citizens and that cannot
go
unaddressed I'm not sure I would want
them to be put in jail just for what
they did to
Trump that that doesn't feel like enough
but if they put hundreds of Americans in
jail just to get a trump they need to be
in jail they need to be in jail for that
and and I think the people who are still
rotting in jail right now from January 6
or all the it's all the argument you
need the people who put them there
unjustly are the ones who should be
there all right how many people do you
think are active military people in the
United States today it's about 1.3
million active service members of our
active service members about what
percent do you think are combat types as
opposed to support and everything else
about 20% oh you knew the number yeah
it's about 20% uh could be under and
then we've got 900,000 reserves and
probably the same ratio of combat ready
so let's see that would be uh 20% of
2.3 uh 460,000
did I do that right uh
combat people now how many of the combat
troops are already
overseas how many are
overseas half I have no idea 80%
20% maybe
half 150,000 okay if it was 150,000 that
might be like a quarter or something all
right so so that's how many people we
have in the
military um and let's compare that to
all right how many how many military
served in Vietnam War this would be the
combat people plus anybody who was over
there Vietnam War American Service was
2.7 million now that's not all at the
same time that includes the people
flowing through and flowing out but at
one point 2.7 million well not at one
point cumulatively 2.7 million Americans
of Vietnam more how many military age
men have come across the border under
Biden's
Administration probably over 10
million we don't know the exact number
because we don't know the getaways
but probably over 10
million now 10 million military age fit
people largely at least many of them
from countries that are not our best
friends what kind of a level of risk
does that look like uh C CBP says
300,000 of them came over just in
December the number of able-bodied men
that came over in December is kind of
close to the total number of combat
troops we
have let me say it again the number of
illegal migrants of military age men who
came across the border just in
December approaches the total number of
military people we have for
combat now you know to be fair you know
a small group of combat ready people
could beat a pretty big group of under
armed you know migrants who came over
and started trouble so numbers don't
tell the whole story but we're close to
the point where you could get
overwhelmed and if they did a October
7th kind of Hamas attack if they just
said look we got a thousand people now
we got a thousand people in 20 big
cities and those thousand people spread
over 20 cities are all going to activate
at the same time and I'm not going to
give them any ideas but if you told me I
had to destroy a city I could do it
myself so if you had like dozens of
people working on
it you could take down the top 20 cities
in the United States in one day you
could make them unlivable in one day I'm
not again I'm not going to give you
ideas they'll have to do that themselves
so that's a risk we have and that's what
we l into the country so I saw some
footage yesterday do you remember that
Brad Pit movie World War Z and there's a
famous scene which it's CGI but there's
like thousands of zombies trying to
climb over this high
wall well I saw that clip as a meme
yesterday and I thought oh I knew this
was going to happen you know sooner or
later somebody's going to do those World
War Z video clips and they're going to
put that in a story about immigration
and then I looked at it
closer it wasn't a world wary movie
clip it was actual
video
of swarming of this
wall it was actual video and I'm not
joking I legitimately thought it was
from the World War Z because I didn't
think in the real world we'd ever see
anything like
it yeah it was
crazy so um as Elon Musk and David sax
and everybody's smart has said it's
obvious that the policy is for an open
border you can't you can't say it's an
accident and none of this looks like an
accident but uh so what's going on with
Texas so Texas is holding tough um
there's a little bit of fog of War about
what the Biden Administration is or is
not doing about it so some say that the
border patrol decided they wouldn't cut
the wire but I don't think that's
confirmed I just know that they
haven't but they might uh I think
everybody understands now that even if
the government did cut the wire uh that
Texas said Dan Patrick said specifically
yeah we'll just put it right back and
there's nothing illegal about that so
probably the border patrol is not going
to waste their time cutting the wire if
Texas is literally standing behind them
with another bail of wire which is what
exactly they should do right if if
if if the border patrol Cuts them you
should stand right behind them and show
them that they're that all of their
energy and time is a complete waste
because as soon as you walk away I'm
going to put this back and then do it so
I don't think the border patrol has any
reason to actually remove any wire
because if they're smart they'll just
let the political legal process work its
way out and then you can decide what
wire goes
where so um but Biden also paused some
approvals on a bunch of uh you know
liquid gas um export terminals that
included Texas some say the timing
suggests they did it because they want
to punish Texas some say it affects
other states and they were going to do
it anyway it's a climate change thing in
our current situation I don't assume
coincidence possible but I I don't
assume coincidence in these cases
and I guess Biden sold a bunch of our
helium our helium reserves but I'm not
sure that's a real story we'll get back
to that
so here's what the new uh uh
border uh the Border legislation is
being considered this is what it would
do so basically it would uh make it
legal for massive amounts of
non-citizens come across the border of
5,000 a day
that's just the ones you
see so there could still be like massive
getaways and and people who you don't
see come across so that that's not part
of this but if they count to
5,000 then after that number they'd
start getting tough and trying to stop
them it's the dumbest idea I've ever
heard it's just the dumbest idea
um but uh this shutdown also takes
effect if there are more than 8,500
migrant ENC count in a single day oh so
that would count encounters but it
wouldn't count anybody who just got
through and nobody saw
them um all right so it's basically it's
a plan not to stop
immigration it's it's a plan to
guarantee there's lots of it just not
quite as much as there is now so it's a
ridiculous stupid uh plan that nobody
should
approve and it doesn't even look like
it's real I mean it looks like it was
just done for for political reasons it's
so
bad
um but there are some good points of it
you would keep which is what makes it a
good uh poison pill so the reason the
reason it's a poison pill is they'll put
a few things in there that look good
you're like oh all right here's the
thing where a migrant caught trying to C
cross twice you know during the shutdown
phase would be banned from entering for
one year and you think oh well maybe
that's good but I think some of these
things that you would agree with that
are put in there are just so it looks
like there are a few things that are not
crazy the crazy part is that we're going
to allow illegal immigration at a level
that would be a serious
problem
why yeah um and of course there's
nothing in here about Mass deportation
which I think has to be part of it at
this
point all right um there's a trucker
Convoy that's heading down to the border
and I guess it's mostly American
truckers but maybe some Canadians will
join
in um and that should be January 29th
for a few days I'm not sure I recommend
this because they're going to get
January 6th I mean their their names are
their names will be collected they will
be abused like the Canadian truckers
were and I don't think it will make a
difference if it would make a difference
I'd feel differently but I don't feel
like the truck or lack of trucks would
make a difference because I think the
trucks make sense when you're blocking
traffic and people say oh I'll do
anything to make this truck thing go
away but if you're just driving toward
the UN around the unpopulated Border
areas is that going to make a
difference to me it looks like it could
be a trick to trick a bunch of people
into you know acting out too hard and
getting arrested I don't trust any of
that
well meanwhile the US carried out
another strike in Yemen because the
hoodies were getting ready they say to
launch another
attack what the hell are we going to do
about
Yemen I feel like Yemen has no
solution yeah well but the one thing
that I would do probably uh to correct
me if I'm wrong didn't we work really
hard to stop Saudi Arabia from doing um
atrocities in
CU Saudi the Saudis wanted to attack the
the hoodis because they were being
supported by Iran right don't you think
the best thing we could do is say you
know what Saudi do whatever you
want do whatever you want why don't we
just let the Saudis take care of it I
mean they would literally be beheading
them in a Public Square it's just not
our problem our problem is we don't want
the ships to be hit with missiles the
hoodies problem is that the Saudis will
be had to every one of them if they get
a chance that's their problem let's not
make our problem you know let's not make
our problem confused with the hoodies
problem the hoodies have a problem that
they have a neighbor that is willing to
seriously kill them and I say we let the
Saudis do whatever they want free
pass one more missile and we just unload
and say look Saudi Arabia will even give
you logistical support you just kill
them all okay is at this point what the
hell are you going to do well I me
what's the option you're not going to
let him close down shipping if you let
him close down shipping somebody's going
to do more of that you have to actually
just
devastate an enemy that's doing that at
whatever the cost will there be um
civilian deaths of course because it
will be War but you have to do it anyway
so did I miss any big
stories uh my prediction on the border
was that the the federal government
would back down because we've now
assembled enough uh muscle and political
will that the federal government they
know they they've gamed it out in their
heads they know they can't win this so I
think we're seeing a reassertion of male
power and that um people are willing to
say out loud now and I think I I helped
with that that women or the wrong choice
for protecting the
Border um doesn't mean every woman of
course and it doesn't mean every man
would be good at it it does mean that
men are biologically suited for keeping
the other men away from their
women you know the the men in the United
States are looking at all these
competitors coming in you're the men and
saying I will stop that you know let's
do less of that
um so yeah I think men will eventually
get this done I don't think there will
be a shooting Civil War I see almost no
chance of that unless it's just like a
crazy person in one place or something
but not in any kind of General Civil War
way all we really needed was for men to
reassert themselves the part that was
missing is that the men were too afraid
to raise their heads and say what was
obvious and true and needed to be done
but I think men at this point have said
okay we're going to do what's obvious
and true needs to be
done what if it's really expensive and
people get mad at you doesn't matter now
you know before you could say to
yourself you know I don't like this
immigration but it's not so
bad I it like because I said something
but now people are saying oh yeah I'll
lose my job over this yeah you can
cancel me but I'm not going to let the
country be
overrun that's not going to happen so I
think men have finally reached their
limit
and some good things might happen from
it I I don't think we can ignore that
every woman on the Supreme Court voted
to let the government take down the barb
wire if that feels like a coincidence to
you and remember that included you know
one Republican woman so I don't think
that's a coincidence yeah I don't think
that's a coincidence I think that women
are just not biologically on average
again lots of exceptions but on average
I don't think they should be involved in
the defending the country decisions now
do you remember when you all got mad at
me and yelled at me and said um I said I
should stay out of abortion decisions me
personally because as a man who's not
having a child I don't have skin in the
game well the skin in the game in this
case is men because ultimately we we're
the ones who are going to have to lock
these people up protect you from them
form a big bigger military to fight
whoever we got to fight so I think women
should just stay the out of all the
National Defense questions legally of
course they're citizens so they can vote
and weigh in if they like but just as a
better process uh I'd like to not give
you my opinion about
abortion um but again other men if you
want to it's a free country you have
every right to do that and uh at least I
can be not a hypocrite all right not a
hypocrite so when I say that I'm going
to stay out of abortion because I think
women are more capable and more skin in
the game and it's more credible if
they're the ones who are the dominant
opinion uh the same with National
Defense a National Defense decision
that's um supported mostly by women
would have no credibility with me
because I don't think they have the
right biological Instinct for
this and again it's not every woman it's
not every man is just you know making
General General
truths all
right uh pipe pipe bomb story
disappeared but I think we can say
um well yeah I talked about abortion as
a mating strategy but I'm not telling
you what you should think about it you
can think about it any way you want I'm
just giving it a
reframe all right right
um abortion murders the baby I'm not
going to talk about this yeah yeah you
you can try to draw me in but it's not
going to work and and by the way I don't
disrespect your opinion on abortion I'm
not saying I even disagree I'm saying
that the less you hear from me on the
topic the better the country is because
you wouldn't want me to be
persuasive I wouldn't I I don't think
that our abortion laws should be based
on men who are really persuasive at
getting their way that would be a bad
system even if the decision is right
it's a bad system and ultimately the
system is more important because the
system will kill you if you get it wrong
it'll kill everybody but you know a bad
decision you could live
with all
right
um
and again I'm not saying that women
shouldn't be
involved because every there are lots of
individual
differences all right yeah had an idea
about making the men responsible for
life for the child and I think for the
mother's well-being as well and that men
would stop
uh you know getting with women without
protection if they knew that they would
pay for it for the rest of their life
maybe I mean I mean I would I would just
stop having sex under those
conditions if I were a young man I would
just stop having
sex there there's no way that that I
would have unprotected sex with a woman
or even even with protection that might
not work if I thought that the only
recourse is that I have to be with her
forever and you know even if I didn't
want to be
yeah I'm going to do full robot if
that's the
case we need those robots all right
ladies and gentlemen that's way too much
I'm going to say goodbye to the YouTube
Rumble and X platforms thanks for
joining I hope it was good for you too
I'll see you tomorrow morning same
place