bum bum bum bum bum ba ba ba ba ba hey
everybody come on in here
Andrew good to see you I hope you have
your containers full of beverages tray
Gary Pauly Justin hey Jen Caleb and
Carrie Ann Arlene it's wonderful to see
you on this great Monday morning and you
know why it's a great day it's because
it's gonna start with the simultaneous
it but it's gonna happen now if you've
got your bug your copier class if you
have your container you're jealous
you're tankard your service your Stein
your flask fill it with your favorite
liquid I like coffee and join me now for
the simultaneous scent so fascinating
little poll out today so Nate silver
just tweeted this round and I retweeted
it so you can see it on my Twitter feed
apparently the early states who were
going to vote in the primaries for the
Democrats so these are the this is the
states they go first in the primaries
the activists in those states when they
were polled who they support turns out
number one is Harris so Kamala Harris is
the number one pick of Democrat
activists who have already picked a
candidate in the earliest states now
remember I've been telling you for eight
months that she would likely be the
ultimate candidate and that it seemed
unlikely to me that they would pick an
old white and roe guy and so here's the
ranking from top to bottom of just early
state primary states yeah the ones who
go first and the and just the Democrat
activists they pick Harris first booker
second
Warren third booted Budaj edge then
Klobuchar then Gillibrand and then two
three four five six seventh is Bernie
Sanders so the people who were closest
to the the power the activists they pick
is Sanders seventh they pick Biden
eighth they pick O'Rourke never O'Rourke
is so far down on the rankings he
doesn't even register he does register
but he's way down so in the top six you
have women people of color a gay guy and
combinations thereof and no white males
in the top six and I think that's gonna
hold so I think that that will be
predictive of the final outcome and if
it if that turned out to be it then I
would have successfully picked the
correct Democrat candidate and if a
field of 18 that wouldn't be too bad now
I don't know if I'll be right but if it
happened it would be it would be it
would be a good prediction the other big
news today is that the administration
the administration has increased the
pressure on Iran by saying that they'll
now put sanctions on any country who
buys oil from Iran previously there had
been some exceptions so people could buy
the oil from Iran if they just had to
but now he's going to start sanctioning
companies for buying any oil from Iran
and Saudi Arabia and the United Arab
Emirates I thinks somebody else is going
to pick up the pick up the slack by
pumping more oil now remind me what
people were saying about the Iran
nuclear deal two years ago two years ago
didn't we assume that if the Iran
nuclear deal got canceled by Trump
that Iran would start doing all kinds of
terrible things including reviving their
nuclear arms but it's been a while and
the president canceled that deal a while
ago and I'm not aware of any
repercussions are you am I missing
something it seems to me that canceling
the Iran deal has been proven by time to
be exactly the right thing to do
because we don't see any kind of
response from Iran that we would be
worrying it seems like they're just
getting closer and closer to
capitulation now I'm sure they're not
thinking you got it in those terms but
capitulation could look like anything it
could look like a revolution it could
look like a peace deal it couldn't look
like anything but one of the things I
tell you about all the time you say in
terms of in terms of persuasion people
are far more influenced by the direction
of things and what Trump does really
really well is he make sure that the
direction of things is going well so
when he cancelled the Iran deal that
created a single point and not really a
direction so it was different but it
didn't suggest yet a permanent direction
it was just a decision now that he's
cancelled the deal but that he also he
put sanctions on and now he's going to
the next level of tightening them so if
you're Iran what is the direction of
things well Netanyahu got reelected so
that's not real good for Iran Israel
just keeps getting stronger
Israel's stock market in which I invest
you know the the basket of stocks that
represents Israel is doing great it's
doing great right now
so Israel just keeps getting stronger
Iran just keeps getting weaker their
economy is actually shrinking and here's
the important part there's no end in
sight
there's nothing that Iran could look at
and say okay if we just wait it out you
know if we wait this long things will be
okay again because it really doesn't
look that way
Trump has created in them a very clear
impression that every day in Iran is
going to be worse than the day before
and it's been how long has it been since
he canceled the Iran deal as a bad I've
lost all sense of time in the age of
Trump everything is compressed has it
been 18 months I don't know how long has
it been I really can't remember not even
it's been a year so for a year Iran has
seen their fortunes do nothing but get
worse so for them finding some way out
of this would seem to be pretty
important and getting more important I
tweeted around a video by John Stossel
talking about green energy and how it's
impossible to to make everything work
with just wind power and solar because
we can't make the and we won't be able
to improve the efficiency of those
things fast enough and they have their
own issues and storage and reliability
etcetera and then he went on to within
the piece that I tweeted to show that
nuclear was the only solution so we
continue to watch what looks like some
kind of a weird proxy battle in which
the media is trying to make nuclear look
dangerous by you know running specials
about Chernobyl for example now
apparently there's an anniversary
involved there so it's not completely
random but it looks like the the the
press I'm just consider this for a
moment just just hold this thought your
head
the press has just taken a really hard
body blow from the whole Trump collusion
fiasco now that has shown that for the
last two years their biggest issue
was a hoax what would be the very worst
thing that could happen to the
credibility of the the the popular press
the mainstream media the very worst
thing would for be be for their audience
to realize that nuclear was always the
only option whether climate change was a
problem or even if it isn't you would
still want to do nuclear as hard as you
could because it might be the only
solution now I've also said you should
also do Sun and wind as hard as you can
you should try to improve all of those
things as hard as you can because we're
not really running out of money for any
of that you know there there is enough
money to develop those technologies
quite rapidly and so we are but imagine
imagine the mainstream media having to
tell their public okay we've been
telling you forever that it's got to be
solar and wind and that's the only
solution to climate change but it turns
out turns out that that's now supported
by science so it turns out we were anti
science the whole time and and the pro
science group I would say would be the
people who say well I don't know whether
climate change is the predicted problem
that it looks like but I do know if
there's any risk at all and even if
there's no risk the scientific way
forward the one that makes sense the one
the math works the one the technology
works is no clear so the most Pro
science approach unfortunately is go
hard on nuclear at the same time you're
going hard in you know wind and solar
and everything else all right there was
an article I tweeted around this as
there might be a reason that older
citizens let's say the Boomers
are more skeptical about climate change
and it has something to do with the peak
oil that most of us had a certain age we
lived through now if you're young you
don't know what that means peak oil was
the idea in the 70s I guess that we were
going to literally run out of new
sources of oil and then we would sort of
have a maximum that we could pump and
from that day on there would always be
less oil in the world because we were
just using it up now as it turns out
that prediction was driving the green
the green community so because they
thought that we were gonna run an oil
they said you need solar you need to
click you need not not nuclear so much
you need solar and wind and green energy
and then as the article I tweeted which
is really worth a read notes that the
situation the base situation that was
driving green energy completely changed
so when from we don't have enough oil to
hey we figured out how to do fracking
and now we have plenty of oil we have
tons of oil so the people who were
pushing the green energy sources when it
looked like we were going to run out of
oil they said the only solution is solar
and wind and then when the situation
changed too it looks like we have tons
and tons of oil what did the Green
Energy people do they said the same
thing they said when they we thought
were running out they said oh they're
the only solution is you got to go to
green and green technologies because of
co2 so suspiciously the thing they
wanted to do their solution was
independent of the problem or so it
looks I'm of course using a little
hyperbole here now if it's true that co2
is exactly the problem that the
scientists by a large majority say it is
then that's just the truth that you have
to deal with the truth and all
that really happened is we used to be
wrong but now we're right that's
possible it's possible that in the past
we were just totally wrong about Peak
Oil being the problem that we thought it
would be and it's also possible that now
we're totally right the climate change
is exactly the problem that so many
scientists are saying it's possible but
if you lived through the peak oil phase
and you noticed that these the facts all
completely changed to their reverse
almost and yet the solutions stayed the
same
you have to ask yourself that smells
wrong it sounds like the solution was
gonna stay the solution no matter what
the facts were and to that point if
someday somebody invented let's say
let's say a fusion powered way to suck
co2 out of the air let's say tomorrow we
invented a way to remove all co2 from
the air so quickly and so efficiently
that it didn't matter how much we put
back into the air because we could just
suck it out as fast as we put it in
suppose we invented that tomorrow would
the green energy people say glad we got
that taken care of now it doesn't make
sense to use it doesn't make sense to
use some power and now it doesn't make
sense to use wind power and kill all
those birds will just use coal and oil
because there's so much of it and
because we figured out how to suck the
co2 out of the air so problem solved
right well I doubt it if you could pull
all of the co2 that's too much out of
the air leaving leaving enough leaving
enough co2 so that we have plenty for
plants you know we haven't taken too
much out if we could do that today
would it change people's recommendations
about future energy well better wouldn't
all better would have zero impact on
what people think we should do they
would still say don't do nuclear they
would still say they might want to talk
about
pollution they might talk about
something else they might talk about the
the bad working conditions of coal
miners I mean it seems like something
else would pop up that we would start to
think was just important as peak oil
when it wasn't true and has co2 when it
was more of a problem before we figured
out how to suck it out of there in this
hypothetical world we don't have to do
that economically yet alright so here's
the point the problem with being a
certain age is on one hand you have more
experiences so you know what it you know
exactly what it feels like to be
bamboozled so if you live through peak
oil you know what it's like to read the
news every day and it's just completely
wrong it's exactly opposite of what was
happening because in in fact we found
out lots of ways to get more energy
through carbon type of energy and but
the problem is it is also fairly normal
for science to be wrong in the past but
get it right in the present you know how
many examples of how many examples are
there in which we used to be wrong but
now we're right lots of them right so
you can't say that because we were wrong
last time that we'll be wrong again
there's there's just no connecting logic
to that and that's that's the Toni
Heller problem so Toni Heller famous
climate skeptic I've talked about him a
number of times he has the most
persuasive argument which is different
from being true you know persuasive is
not the same as being accurate that's a
separate question I can't judge the
accurate part but I can say it's
persuasive and one of the persuasive
things he does is he points out just
nonstop he points this out how many
times in the past we've made climate
doom predictions that were in the
headlines and they were all wrong now
that's very persuasive because if you
say look the same people who are
supposed to be our authorities have been
wrong for a hundred years and they're
always predicting doom with the climate
they've never been right yet that's very
persuasive but but it's not logical
because the other thing that's true is
that science is wrong until it's not so
there is a point in the normal you know
march of science where we were wrong
right up into the point where we start
getting right and you never know when
that is you don't know is today the day
that we started getting your right from
this day on or as today you know 20 in a
row that we got it wrong it's hard to
know
so the persuasion problem is pretty big
all right I wanted to do a want you to
do an experiment I don't know how this
is gonna work I'm gonna change my
microphone and then I'm going to take
some callers all right so I'm gonna put
on my new microphone and then I'm gonna
ask a caller to debate me on or to
anybody who disagrees with me on
anything I've said on this periscope or
any other so I'm looking for somebody
who has a different opinion on something
and here's the test I want to see if
someone who believes they disagree with
my opinion can state my opinion
accurately so it's not going to be it's
not going to be necessarily a debate on
the subject I want to see if there
exists a person who believes they
disagree with me and can also state what
I believe accurately I contend that
that's rare that people who believe they
disagree with me don't actually disagree
they can't hear it hear what I'm saying
that there they're translating what I'm
saying into something else in their mind
and they're disagreeing with these
something else so I'll do a little test
let me change my microphone
[Applause]
all right so I'm gonna take some calls
and I'll sure I'll keep the call very
short if you've called for some other
reason so I'm only looking for people
who have a specific disagreement with me
and I want to see if they can state
their disagreements all right
facts are safe I believe it is your day
all right so we have a caller fax
they're safe are you there hi good
morning
what what do you disagree with me on
what is the topic so I disagree with you
on the transgender athlete debate I know
you do I say we have interacted on
Twitter many times all right now so
don't tell me what you disagree with
tell me tell me the specific thing that
you believe is true that I believe is
not true so so tell me the specific
thing youth that you say is true just
state what you say is true that you be
you believe I don't believe go so I I
know that you believe that competitions
are in generally unfair to begin with
correct so you and you agree with that
too don't you not to the not to the
extreme that you that you believe that
to be true not to the extreme so you
don't believe that Shaquille O'Neal
plays basketball and that I also play
basketball that's pretty extreme right
because I can't really how could I play
against Shaquille O'Neal or
let's say some other player who's still
playing is that fair
but but you're not in that percentile of
competitors that's my point
that's my point alright so well hold on
but let's get back to the point where so
I don't want to argue I don't want to
debate the point I want to see if we
agree just agree on what we're both if
you can characterize my belief so I'm
saying that there's an extreme
difference in sports which is normal
that if I go into a sport that I've
never played and there's somebody who's
in the lead athlete it's like I might be
it's like I'm a chihuahua compared to a
lion there's extraordinary difference
do you actually that's true right that's
an extraordinary difference all right
and so you would you would agree that it
is common to have extraordinary
differences in capabilities in sports
for example somebody who has a physical
handicap can't play sports in high
school wouldn't you say I mean if they
if they have a bad enough handicap
depends on alright so don't you agree
with me that there is naturally an
extreme difference in capability for
every sport because people are extremely
different there there is less of a
difference between Shaquille O'Neal and
LeBron James than you and Shaquille
O'Neal and yes but it doesn't matter but
it doesn't matter my point you you might
actually be competitive in the WNBA
alright so so let's get back to what you
think that I believe that's different
than what you think see when you say
it's a matter of degree that doesn't
write us anything to work with so give
me give me a specific fact that you
think we disagree on well I I think that
that I believe that athletes who want to
compete should simply compete in the
genderless classification where all men
compete right now oh so you would like
to create a new classification well I
don't have an opinion on that there's no
new classification
the NBA is a genderless league Oh
meaning meaning that they could play if
they're good enough and he gender can
play in the NBA okay so so so far so far
we're fine so tell me something that you
disagree with what I think you something
that you think is true that I don't
think is true
you think you believe that it is okay
for an XY chromosomal person to compete
in an X X chromosomal competition hold
on you're using sloppy language when you
said you believe it's okay don't don't
say why I believe it's okay say that I
either think it's fair or economical or
tell me what I think it is it is
acceptable to have people of wildly
different capabilities in the same sport
yes no that's the normal way sports are
organized but they're not wildly
different I would not say that they are
as wildly different as their biology
would make them what like professional
athletes are not are not multiple
standards of deviations away from each
other's capabilities sure they are if
you looked at if you looked at my high
school collar or my high school
basketball team I'm five foot eight and
my coach actually tried to recruit me to
play on the team because the team had so
little capability that the guy that was
jumping Center was five or six so that
was my high school basketball team now
if Michael Jordan's family had moved
into my town
the and the actual Michael Jordan had
been on my team there is no way that
anybody in my entire school district
could have ever scored a point he the
the difference in his capability was
would be so extraordinary compared to
the person who jumped to Center Center
on my high school team was five was six
all right now you're telling me that
that five was six Center the best guy on
our team was a was roughly in the same
category as Michael Jordan that's
statement so Michaels was such an
outlier you can only go to one high
school all right but I think you just
agreed with me that it's it's rare to
have that much of a difference right
you'd agree with that it's rare to have
the situation I just described Michael
Jordan on my high school team would be
unusual by he was on somebody's team but
not okay but it will not become unusual
when X Y chromosome will people begin
setting all the high school records
across all of the states in all of the
country
alright so you're worried about the
slippery slope right okay are you aware
that the slippery slope has been sliding
since the 70s when the first transgender
athlete played women's tennis renee
richards are you familiar with that
story so so we've debated this all right
but you know but you know that I'm aware
but and you would agree that there was
no slippery slope there or not even
though she did well and proved your
point that she would play better than
the average woman it didn't cause more
transgender people to become
professional tennis players would you
agree that's true yes so would you agree
that the only case that we've seen it
the problem you you are suggesting as a
problem simply didn't happen well I
think we're seeing it now in high school
athletics right I don't know if we're
gonna see it in professional yet have we
yet seen have we yet seen even one high
school team with more than one
transgender player on the team yes that
has that ever happened yes there was a
case in Connecticut with to transgender
racers who took first and second okay
and and did the world was the world a
worse place for that because that I I
would I would ask the female athletes on
those teams how they felt about about
such competition well why does that what
hold on you and I you and I agree that
those two transgender athletes who I
will call when
you you know you may have a different
hold on let me just finish the point we
both agree that if those two
transgenders make the team and do well
that all of the women who did not win
would be less happy is that true we
agree on that knowing I would yes now
would you also agree that no matter who
won all of the people who didn't win
would be less happy than if they won
would you agree with that not not not to
the same degree no no I don't not to the
same degree and does it and doesn't
matter if they're a little less happy
because somebody else is happier because
the two transgender athletes who won
were quite happy I'm sure and their
families were happy and they they had a
good day does it matter that somebody
else on the team was a little less happy
because somebody else was happy is that
could we manage a society - well I'm
less happy that somebody else did well
there's somebody else here so let me let
me just close out my point by saying
ultimately comes down to some sense of
it's not fair wouldn't you say I think
those women I think they feel they were
cheated so that it was not right so I
but I agree with that
I agree that with that those women would
feel they were cheated I just don't
think that that matters to anything why
should I care
the two women think they were cheated
when the alternative is that
transgenders would be discriminated
against those that's the trade-off right
so I'm I'm intentionally saying that I
would rather I'd rather give the
transgenders a little extra freedom in
this world little you know little
comfort in safety and if there are a few
people who don't get to be on the team
or don't get to win doesn't really
matter it doesn't really matter
well it will in effect their life will
they will it affect their incomes won't
have any any real effect so but thank
you for playing yeah this one's a tough
one all right yeah bye for now
all right why do we have rules and
sports well for those who say we have
rules in sports I'm saying that they
should all follow the rules and if the
rule is Society has decided that a
transgender is a a woman in terms of
what teams they would compete on then
those are the rules
so everybody is agreeing with following
the rules there's nobody there's nobody
on the side of breaking rules those of
you who are saying it's not fair I agree
with you aggressively i aggressively
agree with your your play I in fact I'll
go further
it's way unfair in the sense that the
transgender athletes our argue that it's
not an advantage and I would never argue
that it's good for the other women who
are playing for some of them is clearly
bad it makes them less happy I just
don't care because sports are about
making most people unhappy because most
people lose if you go to a tournament
and they're you know 20 teams in the
tournament only one team wins every time
there's only one winner everybody else
loses sports are mostly about losing so
if you add a little bit extra losing
into a sport which is mostly losing it's
mostly about losing it's mostly about
people who didn't make the team it's
rare that anybody makes a team is it
fair that the good-looking tall person
who was born with good genes gets to be
a superstar and we and we treat them
with extra respect and they get the
extra dating capabilities no you know
what is unfair unfair is simply being
born with some you know just ordinary
advantage that's unfair is it unfair
that I'm smarter than most people most
of you are smarter than most people too
or you wouldn't be watching this this
podcast is that fair is it fair that
somebody's tall and I'm not that's not
fair we don't live in a fair world fair
is a ridiculous standard the only thing
we can do is make sure the rules are the
same
and if the rules allow a transgender
athlete to compete as a woman and I and
I think they should then that's the rule
it's not unfair if everybody follows the
same rule all right that's enough that I
think that's enough for now or Jordan
Peterson would like to is on the other
side of this debate was that true
Jordan Peterson's on the other side of
transgender athletes that would be a fun
debate he wouldn't do well in that at
all who decided on these trends under
rules doesn't matter doesn't matter who
decided on the rules it only matters
that the rules are the same all right
what brand is your headphone mmm I don't
know Joe Rogan is against it you know
it's perfectly it's perfectly acceptable
to be to be against transgender in
sports as a fan so as a fan if you say I
think that would be less entertaining
because I would already know how it's
going to work out or something like that
that's a fair opinion because that's
just an opinion of what kind of sporty
like that would be no different than
saying I like watching basketball I
don't like watching baseball so that's
nothing wrong with that but it's a
separate issue if you start treating
people unfairly because of gender all
right they can should compete or didn't
make this just reading your comments
here for a minute it's really slow news
day yeah I there's a little news
somebody's prompting me here about so
both apparently both Obama and Clinton
used the phrase Easter worshipper
talking about the sri lanka terror
attack they called it easter easter
worshippers instead of christians and
people are saying what when did we come
up with that term why don't you just
call them christians it's a good
question it's a fair question i don't
know the answer somebody saying nobody
agrees that men are women because they
say they are I do i I say transgender is
a woman so you can't say nobody because
I say that the transgender say that
probably I don't third or half of the
country says that but here's let me tell
you my my view and what informs me and
this whole transgender issue I don't
think there's any such thing as normal
when it comes to sexuality I think
there's this like huge range that
includes some gay and some bisexual and
some totally heterosexual and just all
kinds of weird things all over the place
so when it comes to sexuality I think
everybody's an outlier that's just my
personal opinion that everybody's a
little bit different something from
everybody else and a lot different from
a lot of different people so you just
have to come up with some rules and it
doesn't matter what they are for the
most part it doesn't matter what those
rules are as long as society agrees that
those are the rules
those are the rules sports are not
important in fact I think sports are
probably as negative as they are
positive but that's another for another
day all right
gender is not sexuality that is correct
but let's say let me speak clear yeah I
don't want to mix gender and sexuality
I'm saying that sexuality is a big range
but also gender is a big range and that
the sexuality and the gender age
overlap and etc so it is more
complicated you right but I favor
transgender rights because I don't think
there's a good enough reason to single
the amount when everybody is so
different on those on those scales all
right
sports keeps daughters off of drugs
maybe I'm not so sure that sports do
half the things that people say somebody
says transgenders have more suicide I
don't know if that's true but it
wouldn't surprise me I mean if you were
trying to fit into a world that that was
resisting you that would be tough all
right
men in the women's locker room know yeah
the locker room thing is a challenge I'm
not going to say that's easy but you
know everything was a challenge until it
wasn't you know giving the giving women
the vote was seem like a challenge
probably at the time but it worked out
you know ending slavery seemed like a
big challenge had lots of problems but
you sort of had to do it yeah so the
fact that it's a big challenge and that
it's a problem and the fact that people
lots of people don't like it are all
true statements there should not be
decision-making variables why is it good
to mutilate the body somebody says well
that's just a bias statement what you
call mutilating the bodies other people
would call adjusting or improving or
fixing the body that's just a point of
view to call it butylene and not a very
nice one
somebody says I disagree with your
abortion views or we should leave the
decision up to women
well the question on abortion yeah I'm
not sure I want to get into that but the
real question is who makes the decision
because somebody has to make the
decision so it kind of comes down to do
you make does the government make the
decision or do you let the the
individual and the doctor make the
decision so it's very interesting it's
interesting in a sense that
conservatives oppose abortion because
that would put conservatives on the side
of more government so it's maybe this is
the one exception where the liberals
want less government they don't want the
government to get in between their their
doctors and the and the pregnant woman's
decisions both sides lie about abortion
that is correct both sides lie about
abortions
man's voice is important in what way
somebody said the men's voice on
abortion is important to which I say is
it you would get the same result
wouldn't you if if no man was ever
allowed to vote on the topic of abortion
and I guess that's nobody gets to vote
on it but if no man ever got to weigh in
on the topic of abortion and let's not
count knock out the money stuff just
just the decision of whether it's legal
or illegal or under what conditions if
no man ever had an opinion on that or
offered an opinion would we be in a
different place I think we'd be in
exactly the same place wouldn't we
because women disagree the same as men
disgrace I think we'd be in the same
place
no government no conservative would say
they want more government well that's
what it is you want more rules over
people's private decisions
that's what abortion is it's putting a
government control over a a woman and a
doctor's decisions so I think I think
conservatives are let me break it down
this way
conservatives have by far the better
moral argument on abortion this is where
I'm gonna get in trouble because I'm
gonna I'm gonna be taken out of context
so if you take just that part out of
context then I get in trouble so this is
the part you're gonna leave out when
people take this out of context so if
you look at the positives of both sides
the conservatives by far have the more
moral moral position which is that if
there's any if there's any doubt about
where life begins and there's certainly
differences of opinion but the
conservative position that if you can't
tell if this entity is alive or not
alive if you're even talking about it
the most moral thing to do is to treat
it like it's alive so morality wise the
conservatives by far have this strong
argument which is not to say I agree all
right so you're not gonna get my opinion
in what I'm going to be saying here I'm
just laying out you know observation but
the the pro-abortion people by far have
the argument that's most compatible with
that's most compatible with freedom and
getting the government and of your
decisions so those are the problems you
get the moral argument far better in the
conservative side the freedom argument
far better on the liberal side and
morality and freedom are both absolutes
so it's hard to find a any kind of a way
to
to match up there when you're talking
absolutes freedom versus license hmm I
don't know if I put it that way yes so
the question is who gets to decide so
the liberal point of view which I never
hear the Liberals explain it as well as
I'm going to explain it the question is
who gets to decide if there's a
life-and-death decision because there
are situations where there's a severe
risk to the mother in order to produce a
healthy baby so who gets to decide does
the government decide that the mother
must take that risk does the doctor
decide that the mother must accept that
mortal risk to herself to save the baby
or does the baby decide somebody has to
decide right is that the law is it
strangers they're strangers who get to
decide whether you take a risk with your
life why do strangers get to decide that
so the freedom argument is squarely on
the side of the pro-abortion people that
that's what freedom looks like the
freedom to for the mother to protect her
own health in her own opinion nobody
else's opinion about her own baby and to
end - and to balance how much risk she's
willing to take for the benefit of her
own babies somebody has to make the
decision so the liberal point of view
isn't so much about pro-abortion or not
abortion it's really they should
concentrate on who gets to make the
decision and they should throw it right
back in the conservatives face if they
were smart if they were good at this
which they're not they would throw it
back in the face of the Conservatives
and say look be consistent with your own
stand you know you have two things
you're trying to be consistent with and
you've got to pick one one thing that
conservatives want to be consistent with
is that life innocent life there you
know there's a big difference if you're
guilty maybe some death death penalty
might apply but if you're innocent like
a fetus
the conservative view is there's there's
no wiggle room if you're innocent and
you're maybe a life or you are a life or
even we're talking about it's a life it
will be protected so that's like an
absolute but the other absolute maybe a
little less absolute is that the
government should not interfere in your
in people's lives any more than is
absolutely necessary and I would argue
that this is unnecessary
it's an option so the government doesn't
have to have a law about abortion it
could let the mother and the doctor
decide it's not it's not mandatory it's
just not mandatory it's just a strong
preference all right somebody says that
mother was not willing to save her
baby's life isn't that a mother or
deserves to be a mother well that's I
respect opinions on both sides of this
debate but you're actually not on the
right topic the question is who gets to
make the choice the question is not will
everybody make the right choice so when
you're talking about freedom you are not
limiting freedom to make the right
choice it's not freedom if the only
freedom you have is to do the right
thing according to other people that's
not freedom freedom would be you get to
decide period this is your freedom you
get to decide so if you want to take
freedom in this limited sense away from
mothers just know that that's what
you're doing you're you're you're taking
an into individuals decision and you're
giving it to the central government or
the the state if that's what you want
just call it what it is taking freedom
away from a woman for a reason that you
think is good but it is taking freedom
away so the reason they can't agree is
that they're on the wrong topic one is
arguing freedom and the other is arguing
life and they're not even the same
conversation
alright I'm not free to murder someone
that's right yeah the government has
taken away your freedom to be a murderer
but society has also decided that we all
agree with that so you can't compare
this is the problem with analogies you
can't compare the fact that the
government makes murder in general
illegal to abortion because everybody
agrees that murder should be illegal but
everybody doesn't agree that if you have
to balance the risk of the mother versus
the health of the baby not everybody
agrees that it should always go in the
same direction
that's very debatable somebody would
like to debate me on statue removal mmm
there's not much to debate there I would
now put up an offensive decoration in my
house and I think that it is bad
behavior to put up an offensive
decoration in the public square when
something like a third or a half or I
don't know what the percentages of the
public would be deeply offended by it so
we shouldn't run a society in which for
no strong reason we're deeply offending
people it just just is unnecessary what
about when is just for convenience
that's how freedom works see if you
cannot argue that people will use their
freedoms inappropriately it is not a
legitimate argument against freedom that
some people will misuse their freedom
because that argument would would
prevent every every freedom you know it
can be true that leaving it up to the
mother of the doctor as the only
decision-maker it could be completely
true and I would argue it is true that
you guarantee there will be people
misusing the system
to literally murder babies I think you
can just guarantee that somewhere and in
some number whether it's a small number
or a bigger number we don't know but you
can guarantee that there will be some
mother doctor decisions that you
wouldn't have made and that you consider
deeply wrong that's freedom if you want
freedom you put up with a little of that
all right that's the trade-off and I'm
not saying you should put up with that
you know if you think life is sacred
that's a strong moral argument all right
do you have a happy subject today yeah
why is there no happy subjects how about
that all right how about this let me
give you a little optimism to round out
all the the unhappy stuff we are
absolutely in the best time of history
it wasn't long ago and maybe it was two
years ago or a year and a half ago I
started saying that we were entering a
golden age
very few people quite agreed with that
because they would look at all the
problems in the world and say my god
this or that it's going wrong this is
that is going wrong to which I said no
the the business model of the media
makes you think things are going wrong
when they're not even if everything they
say about climate change is true in
terms of the economic dislocation even
if it's all true it's still a tiny
problem in the context of our economic
well-being will be extraordinarily
better in a hundred years no matter what
no matter what climate change does we're
gonna be five to ten times better off
just because of the normal pace of
advancement we'll figure out how to
handle climate change if it's a problem
will compensate we'll be able to move
people we'll build robots to build dikes
we'll do something it's a hundred years
we've got time to figure this out well
we've got the best economy the best the
best
health care in the world we've got fewer
Wars I don't know just about everything
is going well right now have you ever
gone completely without media influence
to test improvement of how you feel I
have not that would be an interesting
you know it'd be hard for me to do it
now because I do this every day
but I do know somebody who with doctor's
orders did him a news diet meaning it
was somebody whose doctor told them to
stop watching the news and it was the
most fascinating thing because this was
a co-worker a million years ago and I
would sometimes ask her about world
events
I mean headlining events and she would
look at me and say what I haven't heard
about that and I'm talking about like
big headline stuff like somebody got
elected president you know that sort of
level you say hey what do you think
about the new president and she'd be
like new president wasn't paying
attention what's his name it was the
most fascinating thing to see a modern
person in the modern world who had cut
news and of her life and when I asked
her like how she felt about it and how
was she said it was great because it
turns out there was nothing she ever did
differently because of the news no all
of that bad news she was consuming
didn't cause her to vote differently
didn't cause her to become an activist
didn't cause her to do anything but
worry the only thing the news did for
her is it's just it made her worry so
she got rid of it and it made her
happier somebody just said that mic
sorta released the interview
portion of me that was a small part of
that became or some part of that became
part of his movie hoaxed so I haven't
seen that tweet but if it's they are all
tweeted around oh do I have a slaughter
meter report today yes the slaughter
beater is still at a hundred and forty
percent
yeah if if nothing changes and of course
things will change so this is a
ridiculous statement but the slaughter
meter imagines in an artificial world if
nothing changed between now and 2020
what would be the election result if
nothing changes trump is good young i
hyperbolically put it above 100% where
it can't logically be to make the point
that that 100% is really safe well he
could he could have things go wrong and
still have a hundred percent chance of
winning at this point all right now much
will change and now we'll revise the
slaughter meter up till the day of the
election it could be down to zero by
Election Day so it's not a prediction
it's a it's sort of a meter to show
where you are at a snapshot in time it's
not telling you how it's going to end
it's telling you how it how it would end
if nothing changed but of course things
will change
yeah problems will happen and most of
them will be fake so the president
tweeted today how can a president be
impeached for crimes committed by the
other party how can a Republican
president be impeached for crimes
committed by Democrats and correct me if
I'm wrong about this but there's
something that's just freaky about the
fact that we still talk as though it was
Trump who did or did not do something
illegal or immoral when all of the
evidence shows clearly and unambiguously
that the Clinton campaign did all of
those things they seriously broke the
law it's it seems obvious that they
tried to overthrow the government
overthrow the government in what world
does it make sense that I can say in
casual terms oh yeah Hillary Clinton and
the Democrats they did try to stage a
coup and overthrow the government of the
United States which of course would be a
big problem for the world in general how
how weird is it that I can say those
statements which as far as I can tell
are completely true and yet the world
goes on as though none of it exists now
there are two explanations for this and
the way and then neither of them are
neither of them are anything but freaky
there are two way I can think of there
might be other explanations maybe
there's one I'm not thinking of but one
explanation is that I'm experiencing
cognitive dissonance and confirmation
bias and that many of you are too
because most of you are I think most of
you on this are having the same
experience right
you're looking at what seems obviously a
coup attempt I don't I don't know how
you could interpret it any other way
and yet it's treated like as sort of
doesn't exist in what it feels like is
Godzilla appeared on the mainland and
Godzilla is tearing through American
cities and you'll see like a weather
report and the weatherman will say well
it's a cloudy day it looks like chance
arraigned and doesn't mention that
behind him in the video an actual
Godzilla is destroying the city and I'm
watching I'm thinking well you're gonna
mention Godzilla right because
Godzilla's like right behind you
that's actually Godzilla I can see it
right there
I'm not guessing I'm watching Godzilla
right in front of you you get a mention
you're gonna turn around right you
mentioned Godzilla and then the
weatherman says and that's a wrap that's
all the weather for today and then the
weather reports over and I think what
the hell did I just watch I think I
watched Godzilla destroying the city
but the weather band talked about clouds
what's happening what's happening so
that's the feeling I'm getting when I'm
watching people talk about the
president's alleged bad behavior in the
context of the Democrats literally
trying to overthrow the country now am I
just suffering from cognitive dissonance
is there actually no real
crime by the Democrats am i imagining it
am I am I taking a bunch of coincidences
and putting them together in a way that
the the facts do not quite dictate you
know maybe I'm I'm imagining more
connection and the facts than they
really are
is that what's happening or am I
actually watching the mainstream media
ignore a coup attempt that almost worked
and took two years and all of our
attention which of those two things is
real I honestly can't tell and the fact
is you can't tell either it would look
exactly the same
if there's one thing I could teach you
with this persuasion stuff is that what
I just described should be the way you
should always look at the world which is
that I have two worlds that are
operating perfectly within the facts and
their opposites so all of the facts that
I can I I know about the world would
support the hypothesis completely that
I'm having an imaginary view of the
world it's completely consistent with
what I know about life and the world in
reality that I'm just imagining this
completely consistent the fact that I
can give you ten reasons for why I think
it in no way makes it real because we've
watched tens of millions of people show
you ten reasons why the president was
obviously colluding with Russia but that
wasn't real that wasn't real although
the other side says it was so you have
to be open to the fact that there are
two interpretations of reality and I
just hold them both as potentially true
and see which one predicts so the so
here's what I would suggest which of
these world predicts if it's true that
Hillary Clinton and Democrats etc were
part of a plot to overthrow the
government the prediction would be that
bill Barr who
is no democrat would be digging into it
and that he would eventually come up
with evidence that would prove that case
so the prediction if there was a coup is
that bill Barr would find out more about
it and there would be more meat on the
bones and that we would have something
like a conviction or at least knowledge
of what happened and under that theory
the problem is me know under that theory
I have correctly identified reality but
the other reality is that that the bar
never makes any progress against what we
imagine was a coup attempt that there
are no indictments there's just there's
just no new information and we just are
left wondering if that happens which I
don't predict then then it would just be
me imagining the situation along with
most of you most of you would literally
be imagining what's happening right now
both are possible given the current set
of facts I just look at your comments
first time a periscope is there a way to
turn off the stupid hearts I believe if
you have a mobile device and you turn it
sideways to landscape mode it'll give
you sort of a theater mode that turns
off the comments and the hearts and you
have to be hit it with your finger again
to turn them back on or turn it sideways
again I believe that's true your device
might vary all right I will talk to you
all tomorrow