hey it's a
bonus coffee with Scott
Adams I got my coffee it's the afternoon
version you might have your early uh
early evening
version but I had to come to you for
this special occasion because there's
news let's drink to news grab your mug
your cup your glass your Stein your
jealous your thermos and join me for
this simultaneous
SI delicious well if you watch the press
conference today you know that um Sarah
Sanders totally blew a chance to lock
down uh Trump's reelection in 2020 and I
mean that literally probably one of the
biggest mistakes I have ever seen live
now it's a mistake in the sense that it
was a missed
opportunity and here's what I mean the
biggest problem for this President is
the lingering accusations that he's a
big old white supremacist uh racist and
the biggest part of that story is the
Charlottesville fine people hoax now the
hoax is the
idea that CNN is trying to sell you that
Trump said in public in public they say
that he said that the neo-nazis at
Charlottesville were fine people people
that didn't
happen that never happened he was
talking about the context of the uh the
statue topic and he said there were fine
people on both sides and when asked to
clarify he clarified and said these guys
hell no those guys are all bad I condemn
them totally not talking about
them so CNN's uh Jim aasta and then
April Ryan followed up with a question
in which they stated it as fact again in
the setting up their question for the
press conference that the president had
called the neo-nazis fine people Sarah
Sanders response was a huge mistake she
said accurately that the president had
disavowed these groups and she was very
specific he has disavowed this group
this white supremacist dis out now that
part is
true and it's so misses the opportunity
because it let stand that the
possibility that he'd really said those
things she didn't even address the
question so the question with the the
premise was that he'd really said those
things her response did not attack the
fact that he had never said those things
it was the worst mistake I've ever seen
of any politician make in public
literally it's the worst mistake I've
ever seen in public
public now what should she have done
well luckily I've got a whiteboard with
two
sides and on this side here's how you
convince people that this is a
hoax people are going to say my God I
saw it with my own eyes I heard it with
my own ears it's not a hoax it's what he
actually said on television and then you
you say to them well compare that to the
hypothesis that instead of an
extraordinary
mindblowing incredible shockingly bad
thing maybe it was a completely ordinary
thing and that he was just talking about
the Statue controversy and said they're
good people on both sides which is
completely consistent with everything
he's ever said about that topic but if
you want to believe in the
extraordinary uh version the CNN is
selling as the fine people hoax you
would also necessarily have to believe
all of this let me run you through it
you would have to believe that a sitting
president who knew what the topic was
going to be so this wasn't a surprise
question he watched the news like
everybody else and when he was asked
about it obviously he'd thought about it
before he answered because it was
already in the news he knew what the
news
was do you think it's reasonable to
assume that a sitting president
president decided to throw down with the
neo-nazis after one of them had just
killed
somebody do you think that's even a
little bit credible sounding right we're
not done yet but just start there that
should be enough to dissuade any
reasonable person from thinking that he
was talking about the the neo-nazis
because nobody would do that under any
circumstance secondly do we believe that
he would publicly take sides against
aanka Jared and his own grandchildren
with them because they're all Jewish
aanka has converted and his Grand
grandchildren are are born into it do we
believe that he would do that and if he
did take sides with the neo-nazis who
were chanting anti-semitic slogans he
didn't but here here's the fantasy
version um do we believe that Israel
didn't notice
that Israel didn't
notice that according to CNN the
president of the United States threw
down with the neo-nazis who were
chanting in public anti-semitic slogans
Israel never noticed didn't bother him
didn't didn't need to condemn it or
anything they they were just okay with
it in fact This president's the most
popular president Israel has ever cared
about I
guess you would also have to believe
that tens of millions of Trump
supporters who were not the few
racists saw this or either they didn't
see it that somehow it's reported as
news and fact and it's one of the
biggest headlines it's one of the the
most repeated pieces of news in the last
two years but somehow tens of millions
of trump supporters either didn't notice
didn't hear the
news or were okay with
it now of course the some racist
themselves if they believed it really
happened they'd be okay with it but tens
of millions of trump supporters all
looked at it and said oh this is this is
true he's he's saying good things about
white supremacists and neo-nazis and I'm
fine with it that didn't happen it's
because those Trump supporters don't see
it they don't see it that's because it
doesn't
exist you'd have to also believe if you
believe the CNN version of events that
he said there were fine people among the
Nazis that the very next day when he was
asked to clarify he said clearly no no
I'm not talking about those guys I
condemn them totally and nobody nobody
doubts he said that but would this be
the one time he changed his he changed
his
opinion uh on a controversial thing is
this a President Who changes his opinion
he's not really the change your opinion
kind of president if he said it the
first time and meant to say it in public
I'm pretty sure he would have said it a
second time but he didn't he clarified
that of course that's not what he was
saying it was the ordinary
interpretation if you believed that he
praised fine people on quote both sides
you would also have to believe that in
addition to to praising neo-nazis which
didn't happen you would have to believe
that he also praised
antifa who were his sworn enemies who
wanted him deposed from Office
prematurely do you think this
President praised antifa for anything do
you think that he said there were fine
people in the group protesting to have
him removed from office because you
would have to believe that to believe
that when he said they were fine people
on both sides he was talking about
antifa and the neo-nazis as being the
two sides
and then more generally you would have
to believe the most extraordinary
version of events when right in front of
you there's an ordinary interpretation
and the ordinary interpretation is both
sides of the statue issue just like he
is consistently said all along
now here's the fun part because CNN
brought this up and they were obviously
looking for some programming they were
they were generating news I've told you
before that the news business they
stopped reporting the news and now
they're more in the business of
manufacturing it that press conference
you watched right in front of your eyes
if you saw it and if you saw the the
replay you'll know you watched CNN
attempting to manufacture
news where there was none that was the
type that was good for their ratings and
so they they created this but most of
you have already been weaponized on this
topic and you know that this is a hoax
and you know exactly what to say about
it so what's different is they managed
to raise this topic at their worst
possible time because at this point
there are thousands of trump supporters
who have been exposed to the strong
argument as opposed to Sarah Sanders
completely failed attempt of just saying
well that one time he he you know he
disavowed these groups that's not
persuasive because it still allows the
possibility that he said it in the first
place which just didn't happen and
that's the part you need to persuade
against so it may be that they've
created a monster that they didn't want
to create had this never become another
headline story people would have just
gone on believing it was true if they
believed it in the first in the first
place because there was nothing in the
headlines to say hey hey give this a
second thought hey hey hey you didn't
interpret this right but now it's a
national
story now there are thousands of people
armed with the
killshot and this is the killshot so try
that with your friends you will find
that it works almost every time uh they
will almost certainly end up changing
the topic to some other perceived evil
that they think the president did once
you have totally annihilated this
argument
so I'm going to keep it short to make
this more viral in case you want to pass
it around and that is all I have today
and I'll talk to you later