all right I'd like to describe to you
with my double whiteboards how I see the
landscape of the country in the news Etc
I'm going to take it from two
perspectives number one what is the
situation for
Republicans situation for Republicans as
I see it yeah I'll move that in your
way looks like this as you know not
everybody has good information and
sometimes we all believe things that
aren't true including me on the
Republican side this is how I see the
landscape sometimes there are rumors
that are
started uh at Grassroots level and these
rumors could come from anywhere these
are just three examples could be for an
Reddit or somewhere in X it's a bunch of
BS and sometimes that BS trickles up to
leadership and famous people and so
you'll you'll get some Republicans who
will believe some of it and they'll get
Republican voters to believe it and then
uh the Democrats will criticize them for
being uh wrong about something that's
wrong right now this looks about it does
that kind of capture the Republican side
of things I'm trying to get it out of my
own way
here
see would you say that largely captures
what happens no not saying that
everything Republicans believe is wrong
that's nothing like that I'm saying that
when they're wrong because everybody's
wrong right but when they're wrong it
usually looks like this it bubbles up
from some rumors some politicians pick
up on it Republicans say oh other people
are saying it too and next thing you
know there's some BS and then the
Democrats pounce and they fact check you
and they make you look stupid and then
they say all Republicans are dumb
because some of them believe this stuff
so that's basically the landscape all
right but what is the landscape look
like on the other side does it look like
this not as much no looks a little
different it's way more
complicated but it looks sort of like
this this would be the Democrat news um
landscape if I can get out of my own way
all right so I think most of you can see
it
now so you've got the CIA and the FBI
and various Democrat operatives who feed
their fake media these are just some of
the names we know are the illegitimate
media so these are the ones who are
being influenced by Democrat leadership
and uh various entities that they have
some control over so the media is fake
news but Democrats are not they're
completely
unaware they they think that there's the
Democrats believe that both sides have
their own fake news and that's really
the whole story oh we had a little fake
news sure but you had a little fake news
most of the news is true nothing like
that is happening no in the political
world nothing you know the news about
hurricanes is probably real but
political news is uh coming from
influencers the media is completely
corrupt and the right-wing media only is
only looked at by people on the right so
the left is completely unaware that
there's any counternarrative they never
see them so they take their fake news
and they get support from you know the
other fake entities which they support
oh the ADL says you're bad too oh the
media said you're bad but these other
people they agree these are all funded
by democrats so they're funded to look
like legitimate organizations but really
they're just um they're just Democrat
organizations to attack the other side
what about the fact Checkers also funded
mostly by democrats also fake um so once
you've got all of these other
organizations from the media to these
funded Democrat organizations you you've
got a real big ball of fake news that's
why there are over 20 hoaxes on my hoax
list that the Democrats all believe are
real at least 20 major hoaxes that went
through this
machine the outcome of this is that the
Democrats are brainwashed literally that
is not to say that Republicans have only
the truth nothing like that's happening
Republicans are also wrong about things
quite often but it it's bubbling up from
the the bottom it's not coming from the
top uh from the Democrats it's all top
down stuff and so the their poor voters
don't have any idea what's going on they
think they think that this is some kind
of a legitimate process and they don't
have any way to find out it's not they
don't have a mechanism to know that it's
not real cu the only thing that's
telling them is not real are people like
me and they've already they've already
told you I'm a disgraced cartoonist and
the ADL told you that I'm a holocaust
denier that's what the ADL said the the
leader of the ADL I'm not just saying
that somebody sent a tweet the actual
leader of the ADL labeled me a holocaust
denier now I don't have to defend that
you know I'm not a holocaust Den but it
shows you how the machine works right
when you saw the Phil bump uh interview
in which he got completely demolished
for being a fake news guy you could see
all of this finally being exposed it was
obvious he wasn't a genuine writer with
real opinions you could tell that it
came from somewhere and he was
supporting some kind of a some kind of a
machine all right so that's what happens
to the Democrat voters Democrat voters
get brainwashed and the Republican
voters get Shadow banned so they can't
uh fight back um I would be very
surprised if this gets big traffic on
YouTube if you know what I
mean what watch the traffic it gets
let's say on uh the
xplatform and compare that to the
Baseline and then watch what happens
with YouTube and compare that to my
Baseline do you think they're going to
be the
same very little chance of that because
the most of the platforms uh the media
platforms which I accidentally erased
this is this would say social media uh
they're they're going to make sure that
you that the other side that has been
brainwashed by the system they're going
to make sure they don't see
me only the people who already agree
with me are going to see me and of
course there's prosecutions going on so
the department of Justice is making sure
that if you have an opinion such as the
one I just expressed that they're coming
after
you so here's what is really really
interesting about this
week the entire Gears of the machine are
now obvious you can see the entire
Hunter Biden money-making scheme right
it's all laid out you can see every part
of it now the Phil bumps of the world
the illegitimate people are going to say
but but but you haven't made the case
that there's a direct payment from
Hunter Biden for any favors that went to
Joe Biden but we know he paid his
expenses and that's the way it works we
know that there doesn't that you know
there's not going to be a piece of paper
we know that what influence buying and
selling looks like it's all laid out but
Democrats don't know it don't know it
here's what would change everything I
don't know that happen but if you want
some optimism all it would take is to
draw this diagram into a better form and
then every time there's a story that can
be better understood by this landscape
you print it with a story and then you
highlight the parts that have been
activated for example some people say I
don't know if this is true but some say
the FBI is more influencing the New York
Times whereas the CIA is more
influencing the Washington uh post I
don't know if that's true but wouldn't
it be interesting to see a story in the
news where you could light up these
parts and show which ones were involved
so you could once you could show the
landscape and how different it is on the
Republican side you could possibly for
the first time uh release some of the
Democrats who in my opinion are just
victims I have to say that in 2016 when
I started talking about politics in
public and you know it' be a big fight
between one side versus the other side
and to me it just felt like oh we just
have different
opinions different opinions that's all
and we're fighting it out that's the way
it's supposed to work but once I learned
the entire landscape and I realize that
their opinions are assigned to them and
then they're solidified by this entire
this entire constellation of um let's
say people who are just slapping some
paint on the the turd if you know what I
mean you know that once you understand
the whole landscape you understand that
they're not legitimate actors in a
legitimate process they're actually
victims and so I've started treating my
democ Democrat brainwashed critics with
uh sympathy and I just say I'm sorry
they did this to you because that's my
actual feeling I don't feel like they're
attacking me because they had some
independent well researched
thought and and they've decided that
attacking me will help them in some way
attacking me isn't going to help anybody
I actually don't have any any incentives
other than to try to make things a
little better before I leave this weird
little ball they call the
earth I don't need your money you
know and and obviously I'm not doing it
for reputation because I've been the
most you know disgraced and malign
person in the United States probably
this year who who wasn't named Trump um
so I'm only doing it because my payoff
is if I make something better then I
feel good about
myself that's it so that makes me kind
of
dangerous anyway once you understand the
model and if you have a if we have a way
to communicate it so here here's the key
point it's not good enough that I
explained it to you that doesn't help
anybody it would only be good if this
could be operation aized turned into a
sort of a standard way of explaining
things so that whenever Democrats come
in and they're they're victims they've
been brainwashed you could show them
something now the ideal for I'll just
brainwash I'll brainstorm a little bit
an ideal form would be some kind of a
graphic that's maybe not exactly this
but something in that nature where you
could click on any part of it to
validate that it belong on here in other
words you could click on one of these
groups and you could say here's a news
story that shows you why they're not
legitimate here's a new story that shows
they get all their funding from
Democrats right so if you could do that
you know here's the the fact that Phil
bump is ever involved in the
story if you knew the landscape as soon
as you saw his name youd say ah it's a
Phil bump situation as soon as as you
turned on the news and you saw any one
of these designated Liars you know shiff
swall well uh you know you you can make
the list yourself there's some people
that the news calls in because they know
it's not true but they need people who
are willing to say literally anything in
order to get somebody on TV who will
support the narrative and that ladies
and gentlemen concludes my double white
for whiteboard
explanation of how everything works