I'm pumpin
[Music]
hola closing the curtains here so that
I've got optimal lighting hey everybody
good to see ya I didn't know if I was
gonna do a periscope today but here I am
watch my lighting improve in a moment I
didn't help much okay so you probably
are missing the simultaneous sip but you
came to the right place because I've got
a tiny hotel cup and I'm ready and you
don't need much you know what you need
cup mug stein chalice canteen thermos
vessel of any kind fill it with your
favorite liquid I like coffee and join
me now for the unparalleled pleasure the
dopamine hit of the day the simultaneous
sip well I had to wake up pretty early
this morning about 3:30 this morning
which given the time change recently is
more like 2:30 my time and I've got a
long day ahead but I'm up for it cuz I
had coffee um some on the road promoting
my new book they came out when today
it's out today so I went on Fox and
Friends this morning talking about the
book and the bad news is my book is
coming out exactly the same day as Don
Junior's book and Brian Kilmeade book
you know both of those books would be
number one bestsellers I would expect
sooo sometime today many if you will be
receiving your copy what those of you
who are who are pre-ordering it somebody
asked me on the comments if I move to a
better hotel and the answer is
yes yes I did I'm in a hotel that is so
good now that my toilet recognizes me
when I come in well like it's one of
these high-tech toilets that you you
walk in and the top opens because it's
sensed that you're nearby it still
doesn't know if I'm a boy or a girl
if you know what I mean but at least it
raises the lid and that thing according
to the instructions that thing will wash
stuff on you that you didn't even you've
never even seen so yes the shower was
good except it was cold I did expect
warm water in my shower but apparently
that wasn't going to be delivered today
so I did start my day with a cold shower
not sure what's up with that I guess I
should look into it
but let's talk about some stuff in the
news president Trump has announced that
if the President of Mexico asks him for
help he will send the military and clean
out the cartel for Mexico as long as
they asked for it now what are the odds
that the Mexican president will call
president Trump and say heck yes I never
thought of that before why don't you
help us probably low something tells me
he's not going to place that call but
then the question is what do we do then
what do we do then I think we have to
find out what's going on with the nine
Mormons who got killed today was it
yesterday and I think it was today we
probably needed to find out what's up
with that because maybe it was an
accident but if that's the kind of
accident meaning meaning they thought
they were killing somebody else but they
killed a lot of women and children and
at some point they should have figured
out hey this does not look like a rival
cartel this looks like a lot of families
so we don't know what was going on yet
probably never will because we're not
going to talk to the cartel people who
did it but haven't you
wondered haven't you wondered why we're
not already militarily attacking at
least the headquarters why we're not
sending SEAL Team six down there I guess
we have to wait for Mexico to say yes
but I have a suspicion that we can make
that happen if we need to can we make
the President of Mexico
you know indirectly through pressure or
whatever invite us and militarily so
we'll see I don't know the answer to
that question my guess is that nothing
will come with this because the most
likely outcome is that the President of
Mexico will say oh we got this and then
we don't have a justifiable reason to go
in but I suspect we're going to start
looking for reasons the murder of the
the family might give us a reason you
know if it turns out that that was
intentional there was some kind of I
don't know message to the United States
or Americans I would expect that we
would find some reason to respond watch
MSM and laugh at the pickle they are in
somebody says okay I don't know what
that's all about
yeah they they were killing children and
women point-blank some of the some of
the worst things you've ever heard about
the accident yeah I'm not sure I'm
buying the idea that it was an accident
but we can't quite rule that out yet now
one of the things that were to talk
about I thought I was going to mention
it on Fox & Friends this morning but the
questions went a different direction
here's here's how I think the president
should reframe the Ukrainian phone call
the worst the worst way to deal with it
is to accept the Democrats framing of it
which is that he was digging up dirt on
an opponent if you accept that framing
there's no place to go you end up
arguing about quid pro
are they there are they not but that's a
sort of a losing argument here's a
better argument I've tried a few
different reframes but I think this is
the best one and it goes like this the
president was the President of the
United States was asking the president
of Ukraine to investigate something that
was a great interest to every American
voter if you're a Democrat don't you
want to know if your preferred candidate
let's say you're a Biden voter don't you
want to know if there's any problem
there because there's enough of a rumor
or there's enough of a fact base to say
that there's some Biden connections
certainly hunter Biden was doing some
swampy stuff so the question is this can
the President of the United States be
impeached for asking for information
essentially asking for the investigation
about something that every American
cares about and is a pretty high
priority because if you frame it that
way the president was asking things that
he cared about for his own purposes for
reelection of course but is it not a
question that every American needs to
know before the the election itself
would you want to be a Democrat and have
Biden nominated to be or standard-bearer
and then find out in six months that
Ukraine has has some control over the
Biden's or some blackmail or anything
like that now my guess is that there's
nothing there yeah my best guess is that
if Ukraine said oh yeah we'll look into
whatever they just wouldn't find
anything the most likely outcome would
be Ukraine would say well we do
investigations when there's evidence
some crime was committed but unless you
have some evidence of a crime there's
nothing to investigate so if we need if
you want us to announce that we will now
they probably wouldn't say that in day
one they probably spend a few days
looking into and saying well we don't
investigate just to investigate but if
they were a sign of a crime
we might and we don't see a sign of a
crime with the Biden's at least I'm not
aware of one so there were two
possibilities either either the Biden's
would be cleared essentially fairly
quickly because there's no sign of a
crime or or Ukraine knows something that
we don't now that that's also something
you'd want to know right so if the
president's asking questions which are a
very high priority for not just
Democrats but also Republicans
Republicans want to know because they
want to have some some bad stuff to say
about Biden but Democrats should have
exactly the same interest because if
there's something there they need to
know it just as much as everybody else
needs to know it and if there's nothing
there they need to clear it out of the
conversation so that they can go on
without that hanging over them somebody
says Christ I'm out of here let me let
me get rid of you all right so here's
the issue could it ever be illegal and I
just asked a lawyer who was just
insulting me online so a lawyer said
that whether or not Biden was guilty or
not guilty that there's something here
that's a crime by the president and so I
asked him online
what is that crime doing if you know
what is the crime alleged with with the
president's phone call what exactly is
the crime is it is it that does anybody
know I don't even know what the alleged
crime is do you I I wasn't aware that he
was even being accused
now the emoluments would be that that
he's receiving something from another
country he's getting a quid pro quo how
could a quid pro quo be illegal if he's
asking a question that the
but the citizens who elected him want
him to ask how can that ever be illegal
wouldn't you like to be on that jury
ladies and gentlemen of the jury the
president asked for an investigation on
something you would like to know is that
the end of the jury I mean is that the
end of the trial if the president asks
something that every American does or
should want to know how in the world do
you make that illegal how in the world
now you know you could say that he was
twisting their arm in which case I would
say so if he's twisting their arm to
find out that something that every
American wants to know I don't see it as
a crime that looks like just ordinary
business to me somebody says it's the
same thing blogged of in Illinois
was convicted of no it's not what yeah I
think blog case wasn't he wasn't
he literally trading favors for I don't
know something else the president asking
questions that the public cares about it
just could never be a crime you could
put the best lawyer in the world on that
and he can show it to you in the in the
book say look here it is in the book if
you do something in return for something
that's a crime okay unless it's also his
job which it is so there's that somebody
says obstruction of justice but not
obstruction of justice has nothing to do
with the the transcript I've been
debating this quite a bit online and
there are quite a few Democrats who
believe that crime has been established
that that you can clearly see that
there's some crime that Trump committed
to which I wonder are people confused
why even the the TV lawyers or not
that I mean I don't see it maybe I'm not
watching enough of the of the news on
the left did you do oh blog of it sure
whatever his name is tried to sell Obama
seat okay yeah what's the statutory
citation to the crime well I guess it's
that emoluments thing the quid pro quo
if it could be established that the only
reason that Trump was asking for this
information was because it was a
personal benefit then I would imagine
that could be a crime but how do you
know his inner thoughts how would
anybody know that he would have that he
would have done this under any other
circumstance if it were not also a great
interest to voters in this country what
do you have done it in front of all
those witnesses probably not probably
not Dershowitz last night denied that it
was a crime well there you go
they are the the funniest thing I saw
was I think I mentioned this yesterday
they're britt hume had a comment
somebody said that the president's
ukraine phone call was subverting our
foreign policy and brit pointed out that
the president creates our foreign policy
so whatever he does the president is the
foreign policy he can subvert himself
whatever he does as president with other
countries
that's our foreign policy right there
that's it's coming from the top so
Dershowitz versus Napolitano who is
right do I even have to answer that
question who do you think is right
Dershowitz versus Napolitano the to to
I don't want to call them TV lawyers
because that minimizes them who do you
think when was the last time Dershowitz
was wrong about something like this and
when it was the last time the paula Tata
was wrong
I like Dershowitz record I like his
record I'm certainly go with that
McCarthy said the same thing Oh am i
pronouncing emoluments wrong not even
close
yeah Dershowitz is I think Dershowitz as
close to a hundred percent isn't he
somebody says Biden bragged on video of
his crime well now I have to tell you
that those of you who believe that Biden
committed a crime by asking for that
that prosecutor to be removed
you would be divorced from the facts
because although he did ask for the
prosecutor to be removed that part's no
question apparently there were enough
other people in other countries were
asking for the same thing that even if
even if Biden were wrong about it it
can't be a crime s Dershowitz
if there's any evidence that Biden
created a crime I don't have to even
wonder what he's gonna say he's gonna
say no he might say that to Hunter Biden
did some sloppy stuff by taking money
but there's no evidence of a Biden crime
I'm sorry and I'm not I'm not just you
know interpreting it that way I'm just
telling you there's there's no there's
no evidence of a crime
that we can say now what that means is
asking Ukraine to investigate Joe Biden
should have been a very short process
you should have been as easy as okay
what is it you're asking us to
investigate
and then if we say something that's not
a crime and there's no evidence of an
actual crime that's the investigation
the investigation is one day tell us
what we're investigating okay we don't
investigate non crimes if you have
evidence of a crime we might look into
that so what the president asks for if
Ukraine had said yes it should have been
over pretty quickly and I would think
that Democrats would have been happy
with that now this is sort of thing I
can anticipate what the anti-trump purse
would say that they would say oh but
Scott you're missing it you're missing
the whole point what he was really doing
is trying to get Ukraine to lie he was
trying to get them to make up some stuff
to which I say first of all you would
have to know what his inner thoughts are
and you don't and so without knowing
that that's a ridiculous thing
secondly the Ukrainian president just
got in office and he and he was the
anti-corruption guy do you think he's
gonna go in public and accuse an
American who might be the next president
Biden of a crime when there isn't one
there or at least there's no evidence
alone I don't think the Ukrainian
president there was any risk he was
gonna do that he wasn't gonna make stuff
up and and try to crucify Biden when
he's leading in the polls to be the next
president that would be a pretty bad
play no one ever gets time don't know
what that means am i doing Howard Stern
no yeah he was also asking about the
source of spying and corruption from
2016 but I don't know if there's
anything there either so I don't know if
they do investigations on non crimes but
the 2016 election probably had some kind
of a crime
[Music]
baristas lobbyists use hunter Biden's
name for access well that's the part we
know right
you don't put a hunter Biden on your
board unless you're planning to take
advantage of his connections so just the
fact that he was on the board should
have told us that
so Project Veritas has some epstein news
somebody say I don't know what that is
what is it that what is it that we found
out about Epstein no god I'm not doing
the view all right did you see the
project Veritas video today I did not
but can somebody tell me what is said
can you put that in a small comment can
I do the five well the five is usually
just five okay so that's not the show
that takes guests except for other hosts
Fox News ABC killed killed the Epstein
story three years ago is that the part
that's the news what part of this story
did they have yeah okay so what do i
well gonna be a lot of questions about
that isn't there so ABC spiked a Jeffrey
Epstein story even though they're going
to be able to say without knowing the
details I guarantee you they're going to
say that they killed it because it
wasn't solid enough so we'll see
do I enjoy a book tours they're really
hard they're really hard in fact I'm
gonna keep this short to save my energy
for today
because I need a lot yes I'm planning to
do Greg Gutfeld show and I will talk to
you later