hey it's
weekend and it's always time for coffee
with Scott Adams that's me and if you're
here early it means that you will be in
time for the simultaneous sip yes it's
your lucky day I guess all the planets
lined up this time and so if you're here
and you're ready and you're prepared
please raise your mug your cup your
glass your container your tankered your
Stein your chalice if you will fill it
with your favorite liquids I like
coffee and join me for the simultaneous
sip
oh
yeah so it looks like I'm dressed up but
I literally uh just put on a soft warm
shirt because it was
cold that's it this is like a really
soft shirt all shirts should be made out
out of whatever the hell this is made
out of you should you should throw away
all your shirts except whatever this is
made of and I don't even know what it is
so the the the most amusing story in the
news if you saw it on the CNN's website
is I'm not sure where it was but
somewhere in the United States there was
a woman who was uh accosted and almost
kidnapped by a man in a parking lot the
woman broke away from the wouldbe
kidnapper kidnapper and ran into the
closest yeah into the closest local
store that was
open which happened to be a karate
training
center the
perpetrator chased her into the karate
training center
[Laughter]
now the best part of this story is you
don't have to wonder how it
ended it's it's a it's a story where you
hear the setup and you already know how
the story went
right so she chases this guy into a
karate training center where uh as you
might imagine the students are you know
maybe not that capable yet but they did
have an
instructor and the and apparently the
instructor confronted the
perpetrator and the only pictures we
have of it are the perpetrator being
taken out on a
gurnie best advertisement for a karate
Center
ever in
fact uh when this karate instructor red
red do his marketing he should just take
the the one clip from the news of the
perpetrator's feet all you can see is
his feet sticking out under the under
the gurnie as the the ambulance is
taking him
[Laughter]
away now apparently the police got into
it too so we don't know exactly if the
you know the real damage to this guy was
done by the karate instructor or the
police I assumed that he couldn't have
fought with the police unless he was
still on his feet enough to fight with
with them after the karate instructor
was done with them but uh it doesn't
make it any less
funny because this was a guy who did not
know how to pick a fight he lost a fight
with a woman a karate instructor and the
police in one
day all right uh the funniest thing
that's happening on social media and in
the
news is an astonishing lack of awareness
the kind that just makes your head go
sorry I'm laughing too hard
here uh and it goes like this in
2015 do you remember uh people like me
and uh Mike cernovich notably were
saying things like this uh Trump
candidate guy is a lot more powerful
than you think and when he's making
claims such as he's going to deport 14
million people or he's going to cut cut
taxes and we'll make it up with our
greatest greater uh income collection
from from greater
profits people like me were saying well
none of that's
real but could get them elected you just
have to not take the extreme stuff too
seriously because that's the stuff that
gets moderated after you get
elected and of course everybody told me
I was crazy and told Mike cernovich he
was crazy I'm sure and
and then we got ourselves president
Trump because it turns out that we had
correctly identified his persuasion
skills and that they are as powerful as
you think fast forward to
2019 uh
AOC is doing exactly the Trump Playbook
she goes on 60 Minutes I think and says
hey maybe we should have a 70% tax rate
on the Super
Rich heads explode hair on fire my God
she must be stopped it's the craziest
thing how impractical is that doesn't
she know she can't do
math it is
exactly Trump 2015 it's his play it
worked in 2015 it's working now if you
go on social media and you say to me
Scott how blind can you be you idiot her
plans are bad she's she's just a a young
person who has no understanding of the
world she does doesn't know
policies you are agreeing with me you
think you're disagreeing but the more
you argue with me the more you're
agreeing my point is that she's making
you do that if she makes you do that
that's my point the more you come after
me to tell me I'm wrong the more I'm
right that's how it works the more
energy she creates in you the more I'm
right if you come and yell at me five
times and tell me that no she's not the
real thing that proves I'm right if you
come back to me and yell at me 10 times
that I'm wrong that means I'm twice as
right if you yell at me 20 times that
I'm wrong about this I'm now four times
as right as I was in the beginning every
time you tell me I'm wrong you're
proving me right cuz you can't stop
talking better and that's the point
she's all about the energy she's about
the attention and if you're talking
about her lack of understanding of how
socialism works you are missing the show
just like you you the other side missed
it in
2015 so it is hilarious to watch the low
level of awareness about exactly what
she's doing and how it's affecting
people and I don't exactly know how to
react to it because I've never seen a
case so
clear where every time the CL critics
complain they're just proving my case
all right let's enough about
that um so uh let's talk about
negotiations to the wall so do you
remember that uh it wasn't long ago the
news was reporting that Pence said maybe
offered that somewhere like 2.5 billion
might be good enough if they could reach
an
agreement and then Nancy Peli was saying
something like zero money zero money for
the wall and the high number that we'd
heard recently you the recent High had
been 5
billion what did President Trump the
master Persuader do in a situation in
which the anchors had been co-opted the
anchors in this case are the the mental
number that people have in their head
the number had started at around 5
billion but because other people were
getting more attention Pence was getting
attention at 25 Pelosi was getting
attention at
zero and and even the news was saying
well maybe it could be 1.5 maybe it
could be 1.8 what about three billion
these are all bad
anchors from the president's point of
view because if people are thinking the
smaller number then they're they're
already thinking past the you know the 5
billion and they're they're thinking
toward the low end so suddenly the
President says the number is 5.6
billion instead of negotiating toward
the middle he raised his first offer in
the past two days what number have you
heard the
most
5.6 he took their small numbers and
wiped them off of your brain he re
formatted the hard dis in your head and
said no no no you got the wrong anchor
in there we're going to put a we're
going to put even a bigger number do you
know why
5.6 is
brilliant because there's something
wrong with it that's what makes you
remember it you know what's wrong with
5.6 why is it higher than five where the
where the where in the world did 6 come
from do you think there was somebody who
did an analysis and came up with ah it's
really five
.6 these numbers are completely
arbitrary the fact that he made it 5.6
instead of let's say an even six or an
even seven is also part of the
persuasion yeah you've seen this a
million times right in your in your
normal life if somebody comes to you and
says I think it'll cost $10
million do you think they've really done
the numbers cuz 10 million is like a
suspiciously round number but if
somebody comes to you and says I think
this is going to cost
9,753
th000 immediately you say to yourself oh
well at least somebody has a spreadsheet
you know they've they've worked the
numbers it doesn't mean it's accurate
but it means they've really worked on
the numbers because they came down to
this pretty specific
number the president's the president's
counter with an higher number that
happens to be an you know a weird number
it's not a round number know it's an
even number but not a round number
5.6 it's wrong it's wrong in your head
you immediately you immediately
recognize it as moving in the wrong
direction wait a minute wasn't that 5
billion supposed to get negotiated lower
why is it why is it bigger so it's it's
wrong that it sticks in your
head it's wrong it sticks in your head
because it's a little bit wrong it
strikes you as something out the place
so the president has cleverly gained the
anchor so he's reanchored it at
5.6 which gives the other side room to
negotiate down to
five which is
hilarious now you might say to yourself
wait a minute Scott the fact that all of
this is so obvious to everybody isn't it
obvious what he's doing yeah it is it's
also obvious what Pelosi is doing it's
obvious what everybody's doing it still
works that's sort of the magic of pers
persuasion it doesn't matter that you
know the technique and you recognize it
being used against you it still works
because persuasion is operating on a
non-rational level uh and that's great
now the President also has people
debating the nature of the barrier will
it be steel slats will it be concrete if
they're talking about that they're
already thinking past the sale of some
kind of a physical border
so he's got that working for him so he's
got two little persuasion advantages
going uh so far now we've also got the
um who wins when the government is
closed I've heard some people say that
most of the government employees are
Democrats I don't know if that's
important um because they're they're
humans right the the the more important
factor here is that they're human beings
and they're Americans so I don't think
it's terribly important that maybe more
of the employees are Democrat than
Republican cuz clearly there'll be
enough Republicans in the mix that
that's not the biggest
Factor but take a look at their brands
the Republican brand is let's have less
government now this Clos down doesn't
really get you less government because
whenever it starts back up you'll be
right back where you were and they'll be
paid back back wages Etc so in any real
sense there's nothing happening that
would make the government government
smaller but when you close the
government and nobody
notices I haven't noticed most of you
haven't
noticed um doesn't that play into the
Republican brand a little bit better
it's like we could just close this thing
for a year if we want so the other thing
that President Trump has said is that
he's put the anchor at a year because
when you were thinking about this
closedown of the government weren't you
thinking in terms of a day or two maybe
a week could be two
weeks that's probably what you were
thinking about right cuz everybody's
brain was sort of in that in that period
the president just said how about a year
I could take it for a
year now I don't know if he can but I
love the fact that from a negotiating
perspective he said I can wait a year
months year absolutely we could
definitely do
that that Ely puts the Democrats at a
slight disadvantage because their brand
is being nice to people their brand is
more government so the longer the
shutdown goes the more it works against
their brand of kindness and getting the
government working and the more it works
in favor of the Republicans who are more
tough love and do we really need this
much government
anyway so that's good now the other
important factor here is that Nancy py
has uh I didn't think I wasn't sure she
was going to double down on this but she
has made one of the worst persuasion
mistakes I've ever
seen uh now I could be wrong about this
so maybe this will play out differently
than I expect but I'd be surprised so
Nancy Pelosi has talked herself into an
irrational Corner she said that walls
are immoral now the first time she said
it I thought to myself ah she's just
testing that out and when it falls flat
which I thought it did she's going to
back off of that or she'll you know
clarify it to mean something else but it
turns out she doubled down and tripled
down she's saying it clearly and
publicly walls are
immoral now what happens when somebody
asks her and it might take a while
because the mainstream media is you know
more on her side than not but what
happens when somebody asks her in an
interview can you clarify this opinion
that walls on the border are
immoral because we have lots of fence on
the border do you suggest that we take
down the borders that we have because it
wouldn't be expensive all you wouldn't
even have to take down the whole fence
right you just walk to the border and
you you know snip a hole in it and you
move this fence which by Nancy Pelosi's
view would be immoral so that whatever
Border Construction we already have
should be a moral according to this
Theory so why isn't somebody asking her
if we should get rid of the barriers we
have because that you can't answer the
question if somebody asks her that
question it it will reveal her
uh her primary rejection of the barrier
as
being purely political now I think
people get that it's purely political
but it still matters if you can
embarrass people in
public uh so I think she's talked
herself into a corner and I don't
exactly know how she gets out and the
and the way to a solution is that she's
going to have something that looks like
a win at the same time that the
president
get something that looks like a win so
how can she win if she's taken an
absolute stand against
barriers you almost have to embarrass
her off the stage in other words you
can't you can't treat it seriously and
still find a solution because if you
treat it seriously that barriers On the
Border are immoral you kind of have to
get rid of the ones you
have you kind of have to stop you know
even asking questions at at border
crossings don't
you so I think the path forward is that
she has to be humiliated and embarrassed
off of that position which is completely
unsupportable and I don't know how long
it will take the mainstream media to
realize that they have to ask that
question you know if Fox News is the
only one asking it she can just ignore
it but you kind of have to give CNN and
MSNBC
ask the question what exactly do you
mean by its immoral which isn't really
good enough cuz if you ask the question
in the in the abstract can you explain
why walls are immoral she'll say
something like well we're a country
built on
immigration that's not really the answer
is it so you can't ask the general
question because that will allow her a
general weasel answer you have to ask a
specific question Nancy do you think our
existing fences and and barriers on the
border of which there are many there are
many miles of existing fences and
borders do you think we should put a
gate in them and open them up because
they're immoral is that your position so
you've got to get her down to that level
of specificity to embarrass her off the
point because that's the only only way
you're going to be able to negotiate
something and then
secondly um somebody sooner or later is
going to suggest as I've been telling
you now for a month or so sooner or
later somebody on one of this one of the
teams it'll either be Trump or or his
team or it will be Pelosi and Schumer or
their team somebody's going to say at
least whenever they're ready to
negotiate somebody's going to say let's
let's turn it over to the
engineers and let them decide what
borders make
sense because politicians should not be
engineering soon as they do that as long
as you get rid of this immoral thing uh
so you have to embarrass that off the
stage which is easy if you ask the right
questions and then you've got a chance
so could take a while could be fast we
don't know all
right the president's also said that he
believes he has the authority to declare
a national emergency and instead of
getting funding through the normal way
he could divert funding from other
National Security
buckets and just build that border
because the crime coming through the
border and the risk of terrorists coming
through Etc even though we haven't seen
terrorists come through at least
successful ones um the argument still SS
that they could come through and
therefore it's a national
emergency he obviously doesn't want to
do that that's going to be the last
chance the last choice but he does have
the option
uh the problem with that option is that
the public doesn't see it as an
emergency and when I say the public I
mean the side who doesn't want to wall
in the first place uh half of the public
does see it and they would agree but
they also agree with him on most stuff
so I don't think that's the best plan
because it's going to play into the
dictator it would play into the whole
dictator thing it's like ah he's
ignoring the laws and declaring an
emergency that's just what dictators do
so he's wise to uh put that out there as
a possibility but without without
pushing that button too hard uh I think
he is wise to say you don't want me to
do that that's a good
play all right
um so that's the most thing most fun
that's going on um I want to mention
again that when Trump was asked about um
freshman Congress
person uh what's her last name uh TB I'm
not sure how to pronounce it but the one
who called them a uh
MF and the president's uh and the
president's response
was that she uh she embarrassed herself
and disgraced the country and uh and he
basically took the position that's
opposite of of what he normally takes
because he's usually on the the other
end of this conversation but I thought
it was um it was transparently political
and it was obviously persuasion and yet
still works because the president is
trying it looks like he's trying to
craft a reputation for being reasonable
notice that he's gone from concrete wall
to well American Steel is even better
I'm not backing down from a concrete
wall I've upgraded the plan from which
isn't that good to steal which is even
better so I think that's a good play too
uh but he's acting flexible and what he
wants to call this border he was acting
flexible and talking to people and he's
he's sort of taken this whole uh his
whole um I would say his vibe from a
Defcon 10 where he's the dangerous crazy
guy insulting people down to more like a
six it might take a while for the rest
of the world to notice cuzz he's going
to have to he's going to have to stay on
you know on this Lane for probably a
month or two before it's going to look
like a a real
change and uh if he does and he keeps
getting good material from the other
side if the other side keeps going uh
talking about impeachment and calling
him an MF and these things they're going
to look like The Crazy Ones in the
conversation If he if he turn Tunes down
his
he a crazy persuasion it looks like he
has all right so I think that's fun to
watch um now at the end of my periscopes
I like to
do um small digestible
bits of climate change discussion
because the topic is so big that if you
try to talk about it all all you get is
whack-a-mole like both sides have
infinite wack-o things so if you say
well let me debunk this point they'll
just say well what about my other point
point so nobody can ever get anywhere
cuz there's it's too big a topic but I
want to see if I could boil this down to
just a few things that are actually
objective and can be checked the just
the strongest points and I've got some
candidates here for the strongest points
and and they're two things that the
strongest points need to have they need
to be you know solid points but also
something that the other side could
check whichever the other side is
depending on the point right so it has
to be checkable and a strong
point um and let me let me give you a
few
examples so the strongest argument on
the climate alarm
side I wish there were another name for
it but let's call it that uh because
that's a bias name if you call them
climate alarmists you've already you've
already biased the label you know it
would be better to say that they're I
don't want to call call them let's just
call them the consensus let's say the
climate consensus CU it takes the bias
out of it alarmist gives too much
opinion so the the climate consensus
people say that the uh Michael man
hockey stick graph where the warming
goes like this and then suddenly it
turns up is their strongest evidence
because it's based on actual data now
here's the argument the argument is some
people say well but the temperature
measurements were were
manipulated but uh the people who
counter the Skeptics say the following
things that there were adjustments but
the adjustments actually make it look
like it's less warming not more so the
first thing you can check is these two
starkly opposites opposite statements
about objective facts these are all
facts which apparently are public so
there are public facts that that the
Tony heler side says look at these facts
they are public you can see that every
time an adjustment was made it made the
warming look like it was greater in the
current period what are the odds that
every adjustment would be in the
direction that would make it look
warmer the climate consensus people say
that Tony her is just wrong and that you
can look at exactly the same information
and you can see very clearly that it's
the opposite of what he says that those
adjustments make it look less warm than
it would have been if they had not
adjusted it now those two things are
looking at the same data and they're
saying
up and one is saying
down how in the world can we not settle
that the looking at the same data one
says it's going up in terms of how it
would change the graph one says it's
going
down that's got to be checkable now I
can't check it because I don't have the
the skill I don't have the depth
wouldn't have the context but surely
that can be checked so let's put that on
the list of things that they're Stark
disagreement with and I think it can be
checked you know and this is different
than say the climate models cu the
climate models are complicated and you
know there a lot of judgment in there
it's a little harder to
check now the other thing that the
climate consensus says is that the uh
the adjusted temperatures in the past
the ones that are taken from
thermometers and and temperature gauges
that are spread out around the
world they say that those are confirmed
by other types of measurements so ice
cores confirmed it and tree rings
confirm it Etc so they're saying we're
not just looking at this every way that
we can measure temperature and there
might be five different ways I think
satellites included every way that we do
it gives us the same answer we still get
the same graph I'm getting to the fun
part all right so the climate consensus
says no matter how you measure it you
get the same answer hockey stick things
of warming at a higher rate here's the
the fun part I just saw a skeptic who
said and they they look like they were
smart people who dug in pretty far so it
wasn't just crazy people it was you know
academics and scientists academics at
least they looked at Michael man's
method they sort of dug into his method
and here's what their claim is are you
ready for this this is the most fun
thing you've ever heard their claim is
that the way he the methodology he used
used to construct his hockey stick graph
you get the same
graph with random
data you heard that right you can take
any data just random data and put it
into his methodology and then draw a
graph and it looks like
this and they proved it by putting
random data into his methodology and
Publishing the graphs and they look just
like his
now I'm not going to say who's right all
right so um I'm already getting getting
a lot of push back on on social media
for they think I'm taking a side so they
they think I'm a denier which is not at
all what I am I'm a citizen who is not a
scientist who can't tell the difference
I can't look at climate science and
decide what's true and what isn't I can
look at the models that are projecting
80 years out and I do have the the
background and the knowledge to know
that those are not reliable but they're
also mostly in the service of persuasion
all right so the the models are used for
persuasion and for that they work so um
but when you're looking at you know the
more basic science of have you measured
this correctly and now that you've
measured it have you put it on a graph
and does it tell you you know does it at
least explain the the past and the and
the recently observed present so that
part I have no visibility on I have no
expertise I don't know if I'll ever know
what's true in that domain so I'm coming
at it as a true let's say skeptic
because um skeptical equals scientific
you know in the way I use it skeptical
and scientific are really the same thing
so I'm right in the middle I can be
convinced
either direction I could easily be
convinced that this that the scientists
are right about all of it except for the
models which are ridiculous but I could
be convinced it's a huge problem we have
to deal with I could be convinced it's
not I don't even feel like I'm leaning
in One Direction at the
moment but here's where I'm going there
are some few
things that we can just check and find
out who's right the critics or the
consensus of scientists and here's one
that can be checked can you put random
data into Michael man's methodology and
would it always give you the hockey
stick that's a very specific
claim and it seems to me that objective
people could dig into this and confirm
whether the critics who make this claim
are right or whether that's complete BS
wouldn't you like to know and again I
don't if you told me to uh you know bet
my life on who was right Michael man
that he used you know reasonable
temperature data that has you know
multiple backups meaning there are five
ways to measure the temperatures and it
all says the same thing if is that the
case is he right or are the critics that
they put random information into his
methodology and got the same curve let's
check it out let's find out I'd love to
know that the other things that are
interesting
are um when you talk about the amount of
ice on the
world you can find two opinions one
mostly coming from NASA and the ipcc
basically the the scientific consensus
is that the ice in the poles is reducing
and reducing at a fast rate faster than
could be explained by historically
normal
processes in which temperatures go up
and
down isn't that something we
can I'm sorry I wanted to swear again
but it's
frustrating
that that that's even in dispute because
when I look at the Skeptics they they
tend to be pointing to articles that
seem to be scholarly or that you know it
seems to be
credible but you know I can't tell and
when I look at the NASA stuff it looks
credible to me but so do the
Skeptics so it seems to me the question
of do we have more or less ice recently
are you telling me we can't even figure
that out in a way that the public can
can decide what's the true story you
know you're always going to have
disagreements but it seems like that
would be kind of objective I feel like
we should be able to figure that out but
maybe not and then there's the the sea
level can't we just say and I've said
this before can't the climate um
consensus say look here's the deal we're
going to make
10 I would consider this Fair we're
going to make 10 sea level predictions
meaning for 10 locations on the planet
now if you don't know this sea level
does not go up at the same amount
everywhere on the planet if the ocean is
warmer in one place it expand so it
would go up there so you don't get even
you know even um uh sea level rises so
let's say that the climate uh people say
okay we're going to pick 10 places and
tell you our best guess that these will
have higher Rises than other places and
that it'll be a fast rise compared to
what we know historically and then we
wait 5 years and if they get let's say
they get seven and a 10 right
would you consider that persuasive
because I would if the if the climate
consensus made 10 predictions about sea
level 5 years out and they got seven n a
10
right I'd kind of agree with them at
that point if they get five and of 10 I
don't know maybe that's a little little
sketchier
um yeah and so let's I tend to ignore
the anecdotal stuff somebody said the
Mel Dives meles are rising not
lowering anything about one Coastline
one Island one hurricane one storm one
year that was high or low anything that
has one in it I'm not interested all
right if you're telling me about one of
something that happened not
interested um somebody says 5 years with
somebody is questioning my wife 5 years
why not 5
years we could certainly measure it in 5
years if it's real we're going to see it
in 5
years and if it's not real I think we'd
know in five
years predict air temperature which
changes faster um yeah maybe so so the
trouble with the air temperature stuff
is that then you would have to get back
to our measuring devices accurate and
you know have they changed over the next
five years that sort of
thing all right here are the um I'm
going to add to my list of bad arguments
one I just saw
by
water so one of the worst uh not say
worst one of the weaker skeptical
arguments is that uh water vapor is the
strongest component of
warming I I would consider that one of
the weaker arguments it's one of the
most popular ones too because it seems
to me the climate consensus would have
figured that out so here's a weak
argument um let's say I'm trying to
think of well an analogy is just going
to make things worse uh it's a weak
argument because it's the most obvious
thing that the climate consensus would
look at the Skeptics act as if they're
the ones who discover that water affects
temperature I'm pretty sure that the
entire scientific Community has figured
out that water vapor is a
factor so those of you saying nope they
they hadn't figured out about water that
is so not credible as a complaint
because well let me put it this way
the the complaint that they're not
considering water vapor would be a
complaint
like um saying that they're not even
scientists like they're not even
trying now again I want to be very
careful here it could turn out that the
you know inability to calculate the
water vapor you know is true and and the
point is
valid but it is not not true that the
few the few Skeptics who say hey it's
water vapor are smarter than the
majority of scientists who say we've
we've you know we've got control of that
variable it's just not believable even
if it's right and again I always like to
remind you I'm different from everybody
else you're listening to who tells you
what is right or wrong I don't know
what's right or wrong I'm telling you
what's credible based on the way it's
presented so if you present to me that
the main scientists who were the biggest
experts in the world thousands and
thousands of them have all neglected the
biggest variable in the calculation
which is obvious to everybody including
me that's not
credible even if you're right again you
could be right but it's not it's not
believable um
there it is again water vapor is a more
important greenhouse gas than CO2
period guess what makes your argument
look
stupid if you want to look stupid with
your argument and again I'm not talking
about the truth of your argument here
I'll just talk about the way an argument
is presented your persuasive if you want
me to think you're
stupid put period in words like p e r i
o d at the end of your unsupported
statement water vapor is the most
important greenhouse gas
period or I'd like to say it this
way because there's a Dale on every side
of the political Spectrum it's water
vapor
period
period water
vapor okay and
again if if a year from now the client
the climate scientists all say oh my God
we didn't realize it's all wa water
vapor I'm going to say you're
right that when you said water vapor is
the big thing and they haven't gotten
right I'm going to say my God I was I
was wrong about that you're
right but you're still
stupid because of the way you're
presenting
it if you want to present a link to
something scientific Etc then okay but
if you say it's just water vapor period
I I don't want to hear it because you're
just acting stupid and you don't belong
in the
conversation here's another
one would you like to see another one
just like
it it's the sun Scott do you see how big
the sun is here's a picture the sun is
this big the planet is this big the sun
is a big flaming ball of heat that's
where all of our energy comes from it's
the sun it's the sun's got do you not
understand it's the Sun
period stupid opinion all right so I
would say the people saying that's the
water vapor period and the people are
saying it's the sun period have the
worst opinions at least the way they're
being
presented do you think the scientists
had not taken look at the
Sun so do you think that the best
scientists in the world have not
considered that water and Sun have
something to do with the
temperature please please stop saying
that I I I'm going to beg you to stop
saying it's the sun and the water vapor
even if you're right because you don't
know but I'm pretty sure the scientists
have looked into this let me tell you
something else is that uh makes me crazy
why do we
need climate models that go out 80
years why do we need any complexity in
climate science here's here's what would
completely convince
me what would completely convince me is
showing me the temperature for the last
100 years and to show me that the
Michael man curve really happened
because if the Michael man in hockey
step curve is real you don't have to
show me um your complete BS model of the
future I'm going to be I'm going to be
looking to change something right away
you do not have to convince me about the
future if the Michael man hockey stick
is real that's all I need just make that
real and stop talking stop degrading
your argument with these models so I
would say if I could uh make this if I
could make this recommendation to the
World on both sides if both sides stop
leading with their dumbest arguments we
might get to
something the dumbest argument on the um
on the climate consensus is that we've
run a model for 80 years and and we have
a result that's just dumb that's not
real the dumbest argument on the
uh skeptic side is that it's the Sun as
if the scientists hadn't thought of that
or it's water vapor haven't thought of
that because here's the thing if it's if
it's water
vapor the you know the temperatur is
still rising and there's still something
that's causing it and I don't think we
have that much water vapor that we
didn't have before are we getting more
water vapor than we used to
have so I I'll agree with with the
argument that says the models are
useless because you can't model water
vapor so I think that's true so I think
if if what you're saying is I don't
believe the future will models because
you can't you can't model water vapor I
would say I agree with that but if
you're saying that the water vapor
explains Michael man's hockey stick
graph of the things we can already see
then I say to you why did water vapor
become a problem suddenly didn't we
always have water vapor pretty sure we
had water vapor in the
20s all right
so stop those bad arguments all right
um that is all I have to say and I would
love to know if you can get the same
hockey stick curve with random numbers
as one skeptic claims or some some some
Skeptics claim and that's all I have for
now and I'll talk to
you I'll talk to you later there