I'm pom pom pom do you know what I
discovered the other day that you can
use your digital assistant should you
have one I will not use the name of the
digital assistant but it's al e X a I
don't want don't want to wake my it up
but apparently you can just tell it to
play the podcast by the name of this
this coffee with Scott Adams and it just
starts playing I'll tell you if it's so
much like the future I'm just standing
in my kitchen and somebody sent me a
message saying that worked and I thought
really does that work
so I said al exa play coffee with Scott
Adams on Apple podcast and boom I
started playing the the latest episode
kind of cool somebody says someone else
was killed in chopped I haven't heard
that but we're gonna do something that
will get this morning going just right
yeah it's coming up I know some of you
are prepared and all you need is a cup
of margaret glass a tanker chelators
diana canteen joker flask a puzzle of
any kind fill it with your favorite
liquid I like coffee and join me now for
the dopamine hit of the day the thing
that makes everything better
it's called the simultaneous up and it
happens now
so I keep telling you how weird it is to
be me today is one of those days you
know the the thing that specifically
makes it weird to be me is that I deal
with the news and then I wake up and
then the news is about me and like oh
crap the news is about me again so I
wake up this morning to I think
Omar was telling me hey you're Dilbert
is trending on Twitter now the first
thing you see when you wake up in the
morning if the first thing you see is
that Dilbert is trending or your own
name is trending yeah it's not
necessarily a good news so you don't you
don't automatically say hey hey this is
terrific
I'm trending the first thing you think
is oh I'm either cancelled covent
or dead as I like to play whenever I see
anybody else trending I say are they
cancelled do they have covered are they
dead
so Dilbert was trending this morning and
what happened is one of the traps that I
had set had sprung now if you're not me
you don't think in terms of setting
traps on Twitter that's probably just my
own my own sick my own sick hobby I
guess is that sometimes I like to just
put a tweet out there that just sits
there often in the comments not even a
tweet just a comment I'll put it out
there and I'll just think well this one
could come back to me so what I did was
I had seen yesterday that Lena Dunham
was trending and Lena Dunham was
trending because in our world of 20/20
she's a I guess she's not a minority
enough she she's a little too white and
a little too connected to rich people it
turns out especially Hollywood
connections that she was trending for
not deserving
her success how would you like to twerk
how would you like to trend on Twitter
and find out that the reason you're
trending is that black people don't
think you deserved your success she just
wakes up in the morning it's like oh
what's going on today check Twitter
hey I'm trending I wonder why yeah this
because nobody thinks I deserve my
success bummer so that sucks so the
thing that got me triggered yesterday
and this will dovetailed into why I'm
trending today is there was an
african-american gentleman who was based
on his profile assuming that he really
is the person in his profile and he
tweeted about essentially about Lina
dominant Dunham's white privilege and
his point was that the black people
don't have the white privilege he did
because apparently she got for her TV
deal with nothing but a one-page
write-up of a general concept and then
she had a she had a TV deal now so so
black people were weighing in and saying
things such as I studied film and you've
written many scripts I have much I have
lots of experience but I don't get to
get my own TV show because I wrote
something on the back of a napkin
basically and I was connected in
Hollywood and my relatives were rich and
and so I just walk into a TV deal I
don't get to do that now is it fair to
black people that they have to work hard
to get jobs in Hollywood but Lena Dunham
with all of her whiteness gets to just
walk right into a job doesn't even have
to try hard now she had actually done
some other things in in the business so
it wasn't like she'd never worked in the
business she had a little bit of a
resume but still their point their point
is quite clear right the point is very
clear
they're her white privilige made her
more likely more likely not necessarily
guaranteed but more likely to be related
to connected to network to somebody who
could help her with a career and that's
just what happened so that's racism
right and here's what triggered me those
of you in the comments
can you that this would be a good time
to to cover your ears of your kids if
any kids are listening kids this would
be a time to find something else to do
there may be some cursing maybe a little
bit of cursing that comes out in the
next Oh 60 seconds or so and it goes
like this as the African American folks
were criticizing Lena Dunham for
succeeding because of her whiteness
which was true by the way so that that
statement is completely true that as a
white person she was statistically far
more likely to have a connection it
would help her get something that other
people couldn't get totally true also
 you you every one of you
you because lena Dunham's connection
didn't help any one of you did it how
about the people who are not connected
to billionaires like me like most of you
how about you every one of you who
think that some other random white
person shouldn't get a leg up because
Lena Dunham had an advantage Lena Dunham
had an advantage that's not a white
 advantage except statistically
do you want to talk statistically
because I don't think anybody wants to
talk to statistically alright you want
to talk about an individual an
individual doesn't necessarily have a
billionaire for a father an
individual has a problem that is
their own problem you got your
 problems somebody else has a
 problem too your problems are
not special
your problems are not special
now it's hard to say that on Twitter
because that a lot a lot of in
it and I'd use on my character account
just with just with so instead I
put a little trap there that ended up
with me getting they've ended up with me
getting trending early still bird it and
the trap was this I put it in the
comments just for context just for
context that I had personally lost two
jobs in corporate America most of you
know this story for being a white male
they told me directly my boss told me
directly two separate times two
different companies
I can't promote you because you're white
and you're male in those direct words
the them that I threw in and by the way
the trap is that I know people don't
believe it my experience has shown that
people don't think it's true if you're
black you just don't think that's ever
happened honestly you have no idea that
reverse discrimination was pretty much
universally true I don't know how much
is true today in corporate America but
certainly to some degree and so here's
one I threw in that I knew is going to
be the red meat because it was a
conversation of film people and writers
who are my natural enemies as you know I
always joke that when somebody comes in
and says something rational to me I just
checked their profile yeah artists it's
the artist that never have the good
arguments say they're just really worked
up and they never had any kind of
analytical structure to anything they
say it's just random you know
unkindness usually so I threw in the
fact that the Dilbert TV show got
cancelled because it was a white TV show
and UPN have decided to become a an
african-american centric Network the
second season that I was on
now they and and this is the fun part I
knew that they would think that wasn't
true I knew that they would say Scott
there's no such thing as discrimination
against white people they were just
trying to let you down easily by telling
you it was because of your race now
remember I always kid that the artists
and writers people in the TV business
people in the arts they don't have even
the slightest a bit of analytical
ability to the point where it's just
funny to watch them try to think and
this was what they came up with they
decided that they decided that in three
separate times in my life that somebody
thought the easy way to break me down
too
the easy way to let me down and their
and their belief is that I'm actually
just incompetent at all those things so
that I was incompetent and at the TV
show I was incompetent at my corporate
jobs and that the the way the bosses
decide to let me down easily was by
being racists what in what world do you
let somebody down easily by telling them
their their their ethnicity and their
gender is the problem it's the one
 thing I can't fix that's the
opposite of letting me down easily do
you know what would let me down easily
you know Scott you don't have the
training for this job
or how about you've you've made some
mistakes maybe you would be more suited
in some other job maybe we could move
you to a function where you know your
skills and your interests are better
matched there are quite a few ways to
let somebody down easily one of the ways
that's not on the list to tell them that
their gender and their ethnicity is the
problem so that's what artists think
when they hear my story now the other
thing they think is that I that I'm
lying who would lie about that and so I
was just very curious like can you
develop your theory a little bit better
about how I'm lying about it for example
what would I have to gain
did was that your theory was it your
theory that my theory was that by saying
I had lost three separate jobs because
of my my ethnicity and/or gender that I
was going to come out of hand on that
does anybody think we live in a world in
which saying that in public is in any
possible way good for me no way
that's good for me and you can see it
the reason I'm trending is because I'm
being attacked by people calling me a
liar now did I know that yeah that's why
I did it
I literally put the tweet there because
I thought it would be funny to watch all
these artists attack me for for lying
and making it up and I and I thought
well that will just draw attention to me
and the more attention it draws to me
the more I can say let's have a full
discussion because I I think we should
just consider all the elements you've
watched me long enough to know that I
will go deep in listening to and taking
seriously the claims of black Americans
because they're all legitimate you know
they're all based on legitimate stuff
right so you know I'm anti statute
because I listen because I listened and
I said well you know what why is this
bother you okay that's pretty good
reason it's pretty good reason I can see
why people might want the historical
advantage well bobba bobba i can see the
other side but i think outside with the
people who say why would you have
offensive statues i've talked about how
to do reparations when most of you were
just mad at me alright so i've gone deep
i've talked to black lives matter tried
to work out i've offered help to call
him Kaepernick literally and publicly to
try to see hey you got problems how can
I help
is there anything I could do so I think
that I've done everything I can do to
understand as deeply as much you know
that the black situation in America in
every sense and if there's anything else
that I need to know open to that too
listening to all of it and take it
seriously yeah you've seen you seen me
put the work in to take it seriously
I've worked on the with a bill pulled a
we worked on the blight of removal stuff
which is primarily for the benefit of
the black community I have some other
projects that you don't know about that
are entirely for the benefit of the
black community but it is also true that
white people are widely discriminated
against now do I think you need to fix
it yes I'm not even saying that I'm not
saying you need to fix anything I'm not
saying I'm gonna protest I'm not saying
that it wasn't even a greater good to
have some discriminations in the
eighties they helped to balance things
out I don't know I don't even have an
argument about it I'm just saying that
that's the context just look at the
whole context now I read on CNN that
apparently there's some there's a little
bit of pushback against Indian Americans
and the pushback is that this is CNN's
opinion piece today so this isn't me
so don't litter via the next things to
me I'm just saying what I read on CNN
it's CNN's opinion one person on CNN
that the so-called brown people from
India should be siding more with with
the black people who were protesting but
the problem is that the brown people are
being considered the the ethnicity that
are succeeding the brown people from
India in particular they're demographic
group tends to do really well and
apparently they're not exactly siding
with the people whose skin color matches
them the most there
I think siding is too strong a word
they're not strongly identifying with
black lives matter and that's the
criticisms like hey you're brown they're
brownish shouldn't you be on the same
side to which I say that is the most
looser ish opinion I've ever
my life the most looser ish opinion in
the world is that Indians from India in
America should be siding with black
lives matter because they have similar
skin color what how could that not be
just super racist and that's just like
an opinion piece on CNN that people just
read does that looks good
and I read it I think this is literally
the most racist thing I've seen ever how
about ever the most racist thing I've
seen ever is that you should be on
somebody's side because their skin
colour literally literally that's what
they're saying
what's more racist than that here's what
I would suggest now I've said this
before and it's the sort of thing you
can't say until you're so deep into the
argument that you've given yourself a
little space so part of what I'm doing
is being provocative intentionally in in
this space where most of you would get
canceled for doing half of what I'm
doing because if I can make my freedom
of speech big enough then I can actually
say useful things at the moment the the
the field for for free speech on this
topic of black lives matter etc is so
small that the things you need to talk
about to make you better you can't talk
it out so this is like job one job one
is to expand the ability to have an
actual conversation now there are things
that you could say to any black person
in person that they would not be
offended in as long as you know you were
polite and your your intentions were
good etc but I find that there are
things you just can't say in public that
you can totally say to anybody
individually and it's not even the
slightly offensive which is where the
danger is because if you if you lose
that difference and say well I can say
this easily to my you know my coworker
or somebody I know in person it wouldn't
be a problem at all it's just when it
goes large that you know the problem
happens and here's here's the thing that
needs to be said
and I've teased it a little bit but I'm
gonna start pushing it harder why is it
that Indian Americans are far more
successful than black Americans is it
because of the legacy of slavery
I don't know beats being that's that's
got to be in there somewhere right it's
not like it has no effect but the
biggest difference among people is not
skin color its strategy and if we don't
recognize that that's the big difference
then I think we can't really fix
anything
because we're not dealing with a a true
enough picture of the world to know
where the buttons are you're dealing
with this artificial picture of the
world
and here's what I mean if you were to
take the people who had the same
strategy as the people who came from
India and as a demographic group it has
been reported they're unusually
successful compared to say other groups
in the same situation what strategy do
they use do they have a different
strategy now I don't like to use the
word - work ethic because that that
feels a little racist honestly do you
hear it - when you say oh there's a
difference in work ethic to my brain
that's just racist I think because
that's not a strategy as soon as you get
into low it's your nature to be a
certain way first of all that doesn't
apply to any individual because the
individual differences are all over the
place but I just don't think that's
where you should focus it just feels
like that's a there's nothing productive
if you're starting to think like that
but if you said to yourself the Indian
Americans came had this simple strategy
stay out of jail stay off drugs focus on
school work and that you know a few
other things but basically that's your
strategy you know no drugs no crime work
hard in school now I think that you
should only compare the people have the
same strategy to
each other because if you compare
strategy to strategy and then there's
still a big difference I would say oh I
think you found some racism like I think
we've narrowed it down now obviously
there is racism
I say racism is universal it's not
limited to anybody it's universal
because your brains are your brains our
pattern recognition machines you can't
really turn that off they're just bad at
it
confirmation bias and and in reality
look the same to us so I feel like where
the conversation needs to go is to stop
talking about statistical differences
between people with something in common
with their skin color and say how about
the difference between people who used a
strategy we know to succeed versus the
people use the strategy we know never
works why are we comparing strategies
that don't work to strategies that do
work and concluding that racism is the
problem what's up with that so I think
the fact that we're focusing so much on
race tells you that nobody wants a
solution now when I say nobody I don't
mean people because individuals of
course want solutions if you're just a
citizen minding your own business yeah
you want a solution you want a solution
people are saying strong families I
would say that that is untested I think
that there needs to be two models and we
only have one the the one model that
conservatives sort of approve of if you
will is it's got to be a nuclear family
you know a strong mother and father and
then everything goes well and I say yeah
that's great
if you're lucky enough to have two good
parents you know who love you and they
can give you a good strategy in life
that's great that is the best that
nothing would be better than that in my
opinion but it's also not realistic yeah
what what's the point of having a
strategy that you know can't work do you
think you can take all the people in the
world and say are
we've solved it you just need to find a
great mate what if there aren't any how
often do people get a great mate all
right now how often does divorce happen
a lot it's because we're not good at
picking somebody who's good for us
that's gonna last forever so there needs
to be some kind of other model where a
kid can thrive despite having one parent
now which of these three things can you
not do if you only have one parent do
you can you not study cuz you only have
one parent you could study you can pay
attention do you have no choice but to
get into crime because you only have one
parent now you still have a choice you
know do you have a choice about doing
drugs in high school because you only
have one parent is it you don't have a
choice
got it you got to do drugs I only have
one parent no it's still a choice so
there's something that tells me that
while while I completely accept that
everything's easier if you had you know
- loving qualified parents it's just not
real it's just not real it's just not
going to happen for everyone right so
it's a fairy tale to imagine that's some
kind of a solution it's a good ideal you
know if you want to push it as I like
more of this that makes sense because it
does seem to be a model that works I
would say objectively speaking all right
so just to follow up on the Dilbert TV
show story so then the the artists who
were bad at analyzing things went all
CNN on me and when I say they went all
CNN they found some information that was
not the complete story and they made
some fake news and that's how I got
trending and the fake news is that they
just discovered that when the show was
cancelled the ratings were really really
low so they say Scott you're lying it's
not because UPN decided to become a an
african-american focused network which
by the way that part nobody questions
because that's in the record you could
find them saying it it's obvious
they say no even though it is true the
UPN was becoming an african-american
focused network at the time you were
canceled the reason you were canceled is
because your ratings were low and you've
even said that true true it's true the
ratings were low and I did say that's
why I was canceled I also didn't tell
the truth about any of this stuff for a
long time so why were they why were the
ratings low this is the part that the
geniuses who are doing their their
little introduced new the sleuthing
don't get the reason the ratings were
level is that I lost my timeslot from
the season before where ratings were
good ratings were good enough to get
renewed now in the TV business that's
this sort of binary you're either good
enough to get renewed or you're not if
you can get renewed then you can build
an audience because even Seinfeld had a
small audience in the first season did
you know that the Seinfeld audience was
actually very small in the first season
but because they got renewed they found
they found their feet and their their
voice and they became big
Dilbert ooh had actually better probably
better than Seinfeld in terms of the
first season because it was you did well
in its timeslot on UPN well enough to be
renewed then it lost its timeslot and I
think it was too weird do you remember a
young teen black star named Mandy she
was on the network and I may have this
wrong I think she was the one who took
that timeslot but anyway because her
show did well at about that time they
also decided hey let's build something
around this and make it the
african-american Network so losing the
timeslot to an african-american product
which turned their focus to hey let's do
more of this because this seems to work
and that made Dilbert no longer
salvageable so while the problem the
proximate problem was losing the
timeslot
to another property the the the kill
shot is that it no longer made sense to
try to move it or promote it or or make
it work because it wasn't going to be
there next year no matter what all right
and that's the part that the geniuses
who got Dilbert trending today don't
know it's a little bit too complicated
alright that's enough about me
that's way too much about me did you all
see the video of the st. Louis gun
toting homeowners did you did you see
it's the man and the wife they're
standing in front of some high-end home
and looks like black lives matter and
maybe an T file we're starting to gather
and before the crowd got big you see the
guy out there with his big-ass gun and
what is it what was it what kind of gun
was it gun experts can tell me and and
the wife's got a pistol and she's got
her finger on the trigger which which
was not exactly ideal gun safety
situation because she probably had the
I'll bet she had the safety off and she
had her hand on the trigger and she was
pointing it at me and apparently it was
enough to make them decide that this
wasn't the house they were going to
vandalize somebody says lawyers I I
don't know if there were lawyers he had
poured poor trigger discipline this was
was somebody called it so as they are 15
somebody says that's this what it looked
like I wanted to make sure she came in
she gave without taking so here's here
was my take on that number one it worked
it worked so the fact that anything
works what does that tell you about it
when something works people do more of
it right when something works people do
more of it
somebody says is AR style and that's
what I was wondering if it's technically
an AR or are there are there other
things that look like it I'm not
enough of a gun guide you know so so
here's the thing do you think that this
is going to stop before some homeowner
guns down somebody from black lives
matter or an T file because I'm thinking
it won't I feel like there's going to
have to be some pretty serious gunfire
before it's over now just to be clear
I'm not promoting that I'm not in favor
of gunfire it's a prediction it's a
prediction that if you know you know you
always worry about the slippery slope
well I think the slippery slope will
slip until the suburbs and the suburbs
are gonna going to shut this down
because the suburbs are well armed in
the ways the cities are not and there's
no homeowner under that situation who
won't take out a gun so you should see
black lives matter and anti-fur meeting
armed resistance and it won't always be
their own house sometimes it'll be the
neighbors you know if your neighbor is
being threatened and you've got a gun
you might you might come out with your
gun so I think guns are going to be the
solution to what we're seeing and it
won't be it looks like it's not going to
be government guns because the
government has been neutered by
excellent psychological warfare the
psychological warfare meaning that if a
government gun kills a black person
during any of this then then the
violence will increase instead of
decrease if a black if a let's say a
black lives matter person or an tyfa
gets killed by a homeowner in the in the
in the act of some kind of vandalism
america is going to be kind of happy
about that
when I say America I don't mean black
lives matter I mean that all the people
who have homes that don't want them
vandalized all the people who want the
protestors to be reined in are going to
be pretty happy the first time some of
them get gunned down on somebody's lawn
now it looks like
there's nothing that would stop that
from happening at this point now these
the the story of the st. Louis people
were well-armed they had good control
they had relatively good self control
because I think I might have fired off
at least a warning shot in that
situation I don't know I think I would
have put a couple of rounds into my own
lawn just to tell them it was loaded and
I think that would have hastened their
retreat but that probably would have
been you know illegal to do so they're
smart the way they handled it I don't
know I could have had that much control
but here's the thing I'd like to add
sooner or later there's going to be a
homeowner who technically breaks the law
by exacting some violence on some
protesters you know that's coming right
there will be a homeowner who kills or
wounds a protestor a hundred percent
chance that's coming I would like to say
the following should I ever be chosen
for a jury in which a homeowner is being
charged with overreacting and it would
be the overreacting that would make it
illegal so something that is not clearly
self-defense but it's it's charged as
something more like murder because the
person wasn't threatening them but was
on their lawn with a big crowd of people
behind them shouting we're gonna kill
you so something that's a little more
gray area you know it's like it wasn't
immediate harm but on the other hand it
was an angry crowd that have killed
other people and beaten other people to
death them they're on your long and
you've got children inside and so you're
shot so you shot somebody dead on your
lawn for whatever reason you thought it
was you thought you didn't have a choice
now let's say that it is technically
completely illegal and that homeowner
under normal circumstances should go to
jail this is what I'm declaring in
public if you put me on the jury I'm not
going to convict them period
I'm not going to convict
any property owner for any violence
against any protestor regardless of the
specifics let me say that again while
this situation is ongoing that this is
not a permanent thing because if things
calm down you want you want the letter
of the law to be followed but at the
moment I'm just I'm just declaring there
for the benefit of the United States and
as a patriot that I would not be
involved in any jury in which I would
even consider a guilty a guilty verdict
for anybody who defended their property
with violence during this situation now
I don't recommend violence let me be as
clear as I can be about that don't kill
anybody don't hurt anybody
unless it's you know self-defense that
you just have no choice don't hurt
anybody I'm just saying that's the way
it's gonna go somebody's gonna get hurt
unfortunately we hope it's the fewest
number of people but should it happen
and I assume it well anybody who is on
that jury is willing to in victor for
being a little overzealous and
protecting their property it's not going
to happen with me on the jury not going
to happen not in and I don't care what
the details are I don't care if this
person opened up and just started
spraying the crowd innocent that's it I
will not convict anybody for protecting
their property and by the way it doesn't
matter what ratchet or what nationality
they are I'm not saying I'm gonna let
all white people off I don't care what
your nationality is if you're protecting
your property if you put me on the jury
it's at least a hung jury actually if
you put me on the jury it's gonna be
whatever I want it to be because you
should really shouldn't put a hypnotist
on a jury do you know one of the
questions that lawyers should ask but
never do are you a trained hypnotist
if you're trained hypnotist you
shouldn't be on a jury because the rest
of the jury is gonna just agree with you
you might as well just have one person
on the jury now I know you don't believe
that but trust me I saw on Twitter today
that Twitter has suspended the account
of Sidney Powell the attorney for
General Michael Flynn does anybody know
what that's about because when he heard
you first hear the suspension you know
it takes a while to find out what the
reason was what was it somebody says
come on man their lawyers somebody says
that the st. Louis people were lawyers I
don't know I don't know if that matters
so if your vehicle is in your driveway
that's not part of your home no I would
I would also say that if that's your
property I don't care where your
property is even if it's just your car
if if somebody in a car runs over a
protestor while other protesters are
threatening the car put me on that jury
innocent I don't know I'm not even gonna
listen to the details I don't care all
right so let's find out why Sidney
Powell got you know which is weird
because if an attorney is getting kicked
off a Twitter don't you think the
attorney would know why she was tweeting
and what was risky and what the rules
are
there's something weird about this story
and I can't wait to find out what it is
The Daily Beast decided to do a hit
piece on Van Jones isn't that weird why
would you do a hit piece on Van Jones
and here's the reason
apparently he helped with Jared Kushner
he helped advise the executive order
about that the president signed about
police and you think to yourself well
Whitman isn't that a good thing
Van Jones working with the
administration already has a track
record of successfully working with them
on prison reform something very popular
at both the left and the right
got past so isn't Van Jones a rare
free-thinking a rare non partisan well I
won't say nonpartisan everybody's
partisan say a non extremist most useful
guy in the country like actually
somebody who can make something happen
that matters that helps people
that's fan Jones right so they do a hip
piece here's why here's why they don't
like Van Jones or at least The Daily
Beast attacks him it's because he helped
advise now we don't know how much of the
final output was from Van Jones and how
much wasn't but when he went on CNN he
said that the deal was you know a step
in the right direction essentially he
did not say it's all good and we got
everything that's worth getting he said
that it's a good preliminary solid step
that people on both sides should like
basically paraphrase it he did not say
when he was talking about it publicly
while he was saying it was good he did
not say that he was one of the people
who advised on it and so and so Daily
Beast thinks that this is worth an
attack piece to ruin his reputation in
public or they're attempting to they're
failing but attempting to because he
advised on something very important
vital to the country tearing the country
apart one of the few people who is both
credible and useful and just wants based
on everything I'd seen just wants good
results all right one of the most
helpful self-sacrificing people in the
entire frickin United States and they go
after him and they attack him talk about
the enemy of the people
now let's talk about the specific
complaint so he did not he did not fully
disclose that the the executive order he
was saying has good parts wish it could
be bore but has some good parts he did
not disclose that he was one of many
people that Jared Kushner got advice
from does that fair
let me ask you this do you think
everybody who advises the White House
brags about it in public do you think
everybody who advises the White House
wants you to know that in public for
whatever the reasons are I say it is
completely fair to not disclose that do
you know anybody who has advised the
White House and did not disclose it yeah
you do probably quite a few of them it
is very routine to advise the White
House and not disclose it why well one
you're not a dick how about that because
disclosing hey I advised the White House
yesterday it's just sort of a dick thing
to do because you know what you should
let the White House present their case
any way they want to if you want to help
if you want to help the White House how
about you keep your own face out
of it
right you don't take credit for
something the president's doing because
you you gave advice for ten minutes and
a meeting you don't do that no the the
White House and the administration if
you if you consider the entire
administration they are continuously
sampling for advice I have been asked
for advice a lot of the blue check
conservatives who have something to say
have been asked for advice on different
different topics at different times do
they all talk about it no no you don't
do that that's not how it works you
don't advise somebody in the White House
and then go talk about it on TV it
doesn't work that way now if if the
story was that you were invited to the
White House the Oval Office they took a
picture then of course you say you know
that you were there and you talk to the
president and when they say what did you
say to the president what do you say
none of your business none of your
business
that's that's how it's supposed to work
so here is Van Jones not trying to you
know claim credit for anything
not talking at a school about
you-know-who he may have advised exactly
like you'd want him to exactly the way
you'd wish he would act and they write a
 hit piece on him the only guy
who's trying to do something
useful now it made it very clear that at
least The Daily Beast doesn't want a
solution I mean you don't have to read
too hard between the lines to realize
that they didn't they wanted the fight
more than they wanted any kind of
movement forward that's pretty obvious
all right there's a story about a
company named perform path Lake Mary
Florida company and they've introduced
an ultraviolet light I guess it you can
just replace your light fixtures or your
bulbs I don't know if it's a bulb or the
light fixture might be both but you can
basically put in lighting with
ultraviolet and there they're aiming at
team and venues you know places where
you have team sports and spectators and
they're looking to basically use this UV
light to disinfect the entire area all
the time does it work well hard to know
is it expensive I don't know but I'm
just telling you that that sound thinner
and I and it could be that ultraviolet
light I'm just going to give you the
most positive potential imagine it works
and I would think they need a little
more science to know for sure they do
know that the UV it has an effect on
viruses so that part is known what they
don't know is if you put it in a lot of
ceiling lights and a lot of places do
you get a different result but probably
I mean common sense tells you it's worth
trying let's say it works could it be
that we will developed a technology that
makes it safer against all viruses
forever yeah it's a it's a specific type
of UV light not generic UV light thank
you
this could be one of the biggest things
in human
development because think about all the
the damn viruses from the regular cold
too you know every other kind of flu
virus if if the UV light can kill those
things without hurting people and it can
basically flush it end of indoor spaces
if you can get rid of viruses indoors
with just light bulbs you know just make
sure you have a couple of those lights
in each room if that does it this is one
of the greatest I mean this would be as
big as when humanity learned to wash its
hands with soap this would be that big I
mean that's pretty big who knows if
it'll work we'll see anyway here's as
there's the scariest thought of the day
we've talked about the the Yanni and
Laurel audios so there's a there are
audio illusions in which you can imagine
you hear something one way and then you
can just imagine it another way and
here's the other way so given that Audio
illusions are established as a thing we
know we can make people hear different
things even sending the same sound and
it has to do with how they're primed now
imagine a bad a bad character a bad
let's say a country that wants to start
a revolution or a riot in another
country and they want to they want to do
it with misinformation one of the
technologies that apparently is
available is to send a message that half
the people will listen to and they'll
say I don't hear anything wrong with
that and the other half will say oh my
god are you listening the same thing I
am what I hear is that they're they're
math Nazis who want to take over the
world or whatever it is whatever is the
worst thing you could imagine so if
somebody created an intentional audio
illusion let's say I had somebody
somebody you thought was a good
politician but the audio illusion made
it sound like they were using the n-word
now I think of this because there's a
video of Joe Biden using the n-word that
I heard it and I said okay that didn't
happen so as soon as I heard it I was
like okay that's a picture of Joe Biden
his lips are moving and I clearly hear
that n-word coming out of his mouth but
as soon as you hear it you go now that
didn't happen that's some kind of a fake
now it turns out that the the nature of
the fakery is it was just an akan text
and he was quoting someone else while
condemning them so if you know he's
quoting someone else and condemning them
that changes the context now should he
have used the word in its natural form
walking Demming them well remember it
was pretty far back in time when it
wasn't as obvious that that would be the
worst thing in the world should he have
done it I don't know it's a small
problem
he was obviously his intentions were
right and the times were different so I
wouldn't make a big deal out of it but
it reminded me that how easy it would be
to have a piece of misinformation in
which people could clearly half of the
people would say no it's not on the
video Trump is not saying those words
and then the other would half would say
ah it's right there we listen to it
open your ears you must be lying to us
because we hear those bad words clearly
so there is a potential for really bad
Mis just the kind that would actually
destroy a country if you use that
technology what are the odds that a
pandemic would make masks mandatory at
the same time that the protests really
require masks to be successful is that
the weirdest coincidence in the world or
is it a coincidence
now the conspiracy theorists would say
that everything from the corona virus
through the Statue stuff is all planned
by some cabal of Marxist somewhere in
the sky now I don't think that's the
case I think it's an actual incidence I
think it is an actual just legitimate
coincidence but a really bad one
because if people couldn't wear masks
how large would the protests be now as
many people said the looters weren't
variant wearing masks you know a lot of
those people weren't wearing masks to
which I say they only could do what they
were doing because there were so many
people and there were only so many
people because so many of them could
wear masks if you took if you took the
masks away from the non looters there
would be no looters because there
wouldn't be many people there and then
the police would have numbers and they
would just stop the looters it's the
number of people that gives them their
power and the only way they can get the
number of people even if a third of them
are not wearing masks the only way you
can get that big number is with masks
and I would say that you can't solve
this problem as long as they're wearing
masks you can't solve it as long as it's
mandatory to wear a mask but here's what
I would suggest and I don't know you
could test this and see if it makes
things worse or better this easily could
make things worse but just test it out
suppose the police could very calmly
just detain a member of an tyfa not even
necessarily somebody who's breaking law
and let's say there's an anti mask law
which is the anti mask law of course
would be overridden by the need to wear
masks for the pandemic so you have two
conflicting laws but the pandemic one is
sort of a particular one for a
particular purpose could the police stop
somebody and say just for the purposes
of identification we have an anti mask
law but since I don't want you to be in
danger
well we'll stand six feet away I'd like
you to drop your mask and we'll just
take a picture that's all then you could
put your mask back on and you're free to
go what would happen now of course they
might resist right the obvious thing is
that they they would resist but it does
seem to me that if the rumour started
catching on that the police were take
we're asking people to pull their masts
down to take a picture and if they
refuse they would be arrested because
there's let's say there's an anti mask
law which not everybody has so it seems
to me that you could at least have a
shot at taking a lot of the energy out
of the protest by allowing the police to
take a photo of somebody with their mast
down just temporarily and the safest
possible way so that you're not putting
them at risk for the coronavirus I just
put that out there there might be
something to work with there but also
could just be a reason for a fight and
you know cause problems depends Biden
says shoot the looters and the legs and
then remove their masks yeah we had
going inside a bank with masks is kind
of scary so I used to be a bank teller
it was my first adult job and let me
tell you if I were a bank teller and all
of my customers were wearing masks I
would not be a happy camper because I
got I got robbed twice when I was they
tell her all right somebody says they
work in a bank bar said all 14 terrorist
task forces have been activated meaning
that they're going after the organizers
as Terris um somebody says it's a
brilliant idea but it will reveal that
the politicians are in the tank with
protesters so one of the things I'm
hearing from smart people is this that
the reason there doesn't seem to be as
much focus on solutions is that the
organizers don't want them they don't
want solutions I think that that's
closer to true than not true while it is
definitely true that there are plenty of
protesters who want a solution to police
violence is certainly not true that
that's what's driving the protests it
just isn't
what's driving the protests is the
organizers the TV the social media and
it's a small group of people who are
manipulating the larger group to do what
they do but the small group doesn't want
a solution they need they need infinite
conflict to take this to you know to its
broader conclusion which is power of
course and I think the as I said earlier
the only the only way that's going to
stop ah somebody says in the in the
comments a new Rasmussen poll says
nearly 40% of believe voters believe
Biden has dementia 40% of voters think
Biden has dementia now you don't have to
look at the details to know that that's
divided by largely along party lines so
you know obviously there are more
Republicans who think Biden is as
dementia than there are Democrats how
much of that is just political and how
much of that is confirmation bias and
how much of that is cognitive distance
well I think you're gonna see the
numbers somewhere in the 20% range of of
Democrats who think that Biden has
dementia yeah there it is in the
comments somebody saying that 20% of
Democrats think Biden should be checked
for dementia now I think technically
it's probably more about he should be
checked for it as opposed to he hasn't
because we're not doctors right it's
more about maybe we should check this
out I think that's always the underlying
assumption
now if 20% of Democrats think Biden has
dementia and a hundred percent of the
people watching this periscope probably
think it what's up with the other 80% of
Democrats this is an interesting
question so there are 80 percent of
Democrats who can look at Biden and
according to them according to those
eighty percent of Democrats don't see a
problem do you believe that what would
explain the gigantic difference in in
people seeing a problem obviously and
people who say no I don't see anything
well
well some of them are of course lying
wouldn't you assume don't you think some
of them are lying because they just hate
Trump more than they care about having
their president who doesn't advance
dementia that's got to be some of them
right I don't know if it's most of them
or just a little a few of them but some
of its line but I'd like to suggest that
this is the ideal setup for cognitive
dissonance now if you've ever had
trouble understanding what cognitive
dissonance is and you just wanted like a
really clean example this is it this is
the cleanest example of us of a setup
that is guaranteed to create cognitive
dissonance let me say that again the set
up that you're seeing with Biden getting
this far but yet clearly having signs of
dementia is the perfect set up to
generate cognitive dissonance in fact
you could run an experiment with just if
you could find some way to do an
experiment with a sample of people and
and give them the set up you would see
cognitive dissonance half of the time at
least at least half maybe a hundred
percent I mean it's a really strong
effect and here's the setup
people wanted to beat Trump and it's
their number number one most important
thing all right it's the most important
thing the Democrats they've gone through
this entire primary process in which the
Democrats were looking for the finest
most effective leader that they could
pick out of all Democrats they came up
with Biden and now in order to get that
thing they want most they have to back
Biden as their champion what would
happen to your brain if you found
yourself in a situation in which you had
to back a guy who obviously had dementia
because to do otherwise violates
everything you think about yourself
which is I'm pretty good at picking
picking politicians and voting and I'm a
member of the Democratic group and were
the reasonable ones so obviously we're
going to pick somebody who can
understand science and and very
importantly doesn't lie
because a big problem we have is that
Trump guy keeps lying and saying things
that are wrong and some facts are wrong
and we can't have that so we need a
person who's famous for telling the
truth oh that's a problem because what
are all these clips about Biden lying
and lying and lying about his own resume
I mean just crazy things like he's on
tape saying he had three degrees when he
has one and he said no I forgot I forgot
I only have one college degree not three
or majors I think it was was it degrees
or majors I forget but anyway it was
some wild lie and so you're a Democrat
you get caught in this trap the only way
you can get rid of Trump is to to accept
somehow that Biden is a functional
person it's the perfect setup for
cognitive dissonance so my guess is
based on my experience that most of
those people who say no I don't see it
are telling the truth
are telling the truth that most of the
people I don't know if it's fifty one
percent or ninety percent but my my
experience says that by far most of the
people actually are perceiving the world
in which biden is perfectly fine is
that's wild isn't it
it's wild to know that that the
perceptions can be modified in real time
I mean you you and they that you could
stand right next to him they could be
standing right next to you and watching
one of those compilation clips of Biden
just mentally falling apart and you
could say all right well you see it now
right right you're watching the clip
you're standing right next to me
watching this clip now you see it don't
you
right and do you know what they would
say they're say no no I see somebody
like everybody else
they sometimes fumble the word yeah he's
a certain age people of a certain age
maybe will reach for a word a little bit
longer means nothing
and it'll just freak you out and you'll
be like are you kidding me are you
kidding me we're looking at the same
video at the same time
he's not all there and the other person
just won't see it and you won't know if
they're lying that's the weird thing
you just won't know if they're lying and
you'll say I don't know if you're
telling me the truth is it just what you
want me to think is true cuz you see it
don't you don't you see it now this is
very different than when the the
anti-trump errs say to any Trump
supporter but you see he's he's not
passing the fact-checking right don't
you see that and we say the same thing
yeah yeah we see it it's hyperbole
you know he's directionally true doesn't
care too much about the details has an
effect at anything yet we still prefer
him over yeah the alternative so when
you talk when you talked to Trump
supporters they seemed to be completely
aware of what they voted for and what
they got which is not cognitive
dissonance you know but you don't see
you don't see too many Democrats if any
say you know your Biden is mentally
incompetent but I'd like a mentally
incompetent president because I think
it's a step up that's a little harder to
say all right that's all I got for you
to do today and let's go forth and have
a terrific day and I will talk to you
tomorrow