buh-buh-buh-buh bum bum bum bum bum hey
everybody get in here it's time for
Saturday morning coffee with Scott Adams
who is Scott Adams Alexa who is Scott
Adams commentary in business
his Dilbert series came to national
prominence through the downsizing period
in 1990s America and was then
distributed worldwide Adams worked in
various roles at big businesses before
he became a full-time cartoonist in 1995
so I've been living with a number of
Alexa devices which it's hard to talk
about it without triggering it so I got
several of them and put them in
different rooms and I've been trying to
live with them for a while to see what I
see what I think of having these devices
and I gotta tell you I realize
everybody's reaction is going to be
different you know there is no product
that everybody likes but I am so hooked
on this Alexa thing I use it all the
time I walk from room to room talking to
it asking it the weather the time I tell
a tab joked make it tell me jokes I ask
it questions of facts I ask it trivia
now there is one problem there is one
problem apparently it's recording you
all the time so if I commit a crime that
the police apparently can get a full
record of all my conversations in the
house wherever I was within talking
distance of it now you might say to
yourself my god how can you live with
that level of giving away your personal
information and
here's my explanation have you noticed
that there are no large crimes that go
unsolved there's no such thing as
privacy privacy is so gone yeah privacy
is so gone huh you know imagine trying
to get away with the crime they know
where your phone is they know what
you've looked up they they know
literally everywhere you've gone with
your phone they know where you've
purchased things they know who you've
talked to they know every comment and
picture you've ever published they can
get a hold of your phone and find out
everything you like you have done every
app every communication you've ever had
there are video cameras everywhere
there's an you know there's an Alexa and
about probably 10% of the homes now but
that will be climbing over time and I
don't think my phone listens to me all
the time but it can just the fact that
you know if the if the deep state or
whoever the CIA already wanted to turn
on my phone and just listen to me I
believe they have the technology to do
that I could be wrong but I think they
could just listen through my phone as
it's sitting on my desk if they want to
do so having discussions about whether
we should or should not give up our
privacy is so 2010 your privacy is gone
you know you don't have any privacy the
only privacy you have is based on being
boring being boring is the only thing
that keeps you private because if nobody
cares nobody's gonna look and buy nobody
I mean the government yeah right now we
do have at least a little bit of privacy
from our other citizens all right let's
talk about President Trump going all
bipartisan you saw the Ewan bipartisan
on the the prison reform bill and that
was a really good what I call the new
CEO move it's the first thing you do
after you take the job you saw that
Trump and pence did that when wouldn't
they first got elected before they were
even signed in they were going to
forward and carry her and trying to
convince them to bring jobs back to the
United States so on day one Trump and
pence branded themselves as the one who
were really going to fight for jobs that
was good branding and now after the
midterms so the midterms happen and
that's sort of a new day right it's a
it's a shake the box and start over
again moment and the president comes
right out of the box with prison reform
so he sets the stage for being
bipartisan and the best part is that he
just promised I guess yesterday he just
promised that if Pelosi needs more votes
to become speaker for the Democrats that
he would help her get Republican votes
because he says he likes her and she's
smart and she's tough and she's good at
her job
and it's really kind of amazing now you
know it's politics and you know that
people are saying things for effect but
did you ever think you'd see the day now
who was it who predicted to you the
president Trump would become more
effective with a split split to House
and Senate who told you he would become
more effective not less I did dana
perino did it too so I'm not the only
person in the world I'm sure other
people have said it to but remember
here's sort of a principle that you can
always take to the bank the person who
has the most power is the one who can
change sides
that's why flake has so much power at
the moment he can change sides it's one
of the reasons that Rand Paul is one of
the reasons that he's more effective
than other senators because sometimes
he'll change sides and likewise mansion
and some of the others so President
Trump is the ultimate deal maker meaning
he will go where it makes sense to go
and at the moment given the the
composition of Congress it makes sense
to make friends with Nancy Pelosi and
find out if they can get stuff done
because all of the remaining stuff is
stuff he needs some Democrat votes on
immigration health care etc now I have
an interesting thought experiment for
you what I'm going to say next is very
unlikely to happen so it's not a
prediction it's just a thought
experiment it kind of crystallizes some
of the concepts I talked about imagine
if you will this is not going to happen
this will not happen but just imagine
president Trump announcing that all of
the remaining big things we have to
solve from the budget deficit to
healthcare to immigration all of the big
stuff and even climate all of the big
stuff that's remaining has to be
bipartisan and I think most people would
say okay that's true even education etc
so everybody's going to agree with the
statement that the only way to get this
next bunch of stuff done is by
bipartisanship now we didn't need
bipartisanship to beat Isis you know to
stop them down we didn't really need it
for trade negotiations we didn't need it
for a lot of things that the president
has accomplished but for the rest of the
stuff we need it
imagine if he will and again this is not
going to happen this is just for fun
imagine if President Trump made the
following offer that if by the end of
his term he had deals signed meeting
bipartisan deals for health care
immigration and baby throws it in you
know a couple more and he says if I get
a bipartisan deal on these three or four
big things and me
the deficit has to be in there somewhere
you know that he would not run for a
second term think about it that if he
got a bipartisan deal on all of the
remaining big topics he would not run
for a second term now why is that so
powerful because the entire the entire
sort of force organized against the
right is really sort of personal it's
really more about Trump that it is about
anything else in the world so if you
were to offer to get out of the way
under the following condition that he
had accomplished more in one term that
any president has ever accomplished
because that's within grasp am I wrong
if he did get bipartisan deals in the
next two years on the big the big
remaining stuff could you not argue that
he was the most successful president of
all time I think it would be a slam dunk
yeah so somebody saying judges judges
judges but so he might he might get
maybe one more judge so I think that
would be a you know a good you know a
good head start so that people maybe
could live with the deal now now people
saying they don't want it to resign and
and I realize that so there's there's
also you know you have a personal
investment you like your president etc
but just think about just think about it
because right now what's the biggest
thing that's stopping bipartisan deals
from getting done and again I'm not
selling you this idea I'm not telling
you he should do it
or it will happen I don't think any
that's going to happen but it's fun to
imagine it because it would remove the
biggest obstacle to getting the biggest
thing solved in this country which would
also allow the Democrats to have you
know more of a clear chance that the
and say while the Republicans could
still run a strong candidate maybe win
again
and and the president would take himself
out of the picture allowing himself to
enjoy his his grandfather years as the
best president who ever lived
that would not not be a bad deal all
right I just put that out there so watch
the bipartisanship happened it's gonna
be I think it's gonna be fun to watch I
think it will be fun let's talk about
Jim Acosta so the president humorously
is talking about restoring decorum you
have to have rules and so you could say
that the president lost this round but
Danny you know the White House was
trying to stick to their guns and and
have Acosta's permanent pad permanent I
guess the hard pass revoked but did it
really matter to the White House let me
ask you yes do you think the White House
is better off winning or losing that
they're way better off losing the best
possible outcome for the White House was
to lose and I think they know it right
it's one thing to fight it because it's
always good to fight it because you
don't want to be the one who rolls over
so it's just always it's just
permanently good to be the one who
fights right just fight everything
because that establishes your brand but
this was a good one to lose because
Acosta and Trump both understand the
nature of what they're doing which is
that there's a theater on top of
government and that they both count
because the theater does inform what
you're going to be able to do as a
government acosta is a big part of the
theater he's you know I've referred to
him as a rodeo clown but you know that
the rodeo clowns the star of the rodeo
you know yeah I'm not saying bad things
about the clown the clown gets a lot of
attention people like the road
that's why you have one it's not the
only reason but how much do you want to
see President Trump call on Jim Acosta
well some of you are going to say never
never call it and again show him to
which I say I don't think that's gonna
happen can you imagine this president
not calling on Jim Acosta knowing
knowing what what it will mean in terms
of the show I think you always go with
the show you got to go with the show and
the show is calling on him and seeing
what happens now if he does call on
Acosta will it cause to be perfectly
well behaved and maybe then drift in the
future you know get a little get a
little more dangerous over time or will
Jim Acosta come right out of the chute
as aggressive as before like nothing had
happened tell me you don't want to watch
that show I would I can't imagine what I
wouldn't put down if I heard that was on
TV like if if I check my Twitter and it
said you know hurry get to the TV a cust
is gonna ask the president a question I
would walk out of a meeting I would pull
my car over there's nothing that would
stop me from watching that all right
that's not a bad thing I think people
have observed them I've observed that
citizens are more engaged in the whole
theater and and even the the the
education about how government works
than ever before we're loving this stuff
now because we have people on both in
CNN you know Fox News 2 and you know all
the big news media MSNBC and the
president all simultaneously understand
the importance of the show it's a show
and they they all do a good job at it
so people are criticizing the president
for being so hypocritical how could you
be so hypocritical to be to be the
person who never recognizes decorum and
then to insist on decorum well there's a
big difference between what the
president does and what what a Costner
was doing the president is you know
provocative etc nobody is complaining
about Jim Acosta being provocative
nobody is complaining about Jim Acosta
saying stuff that you don't like
well we complain about that but that's a
separate a separate category people are
complaining about him taking up time and
violating the unspoken rules within the
setting of the White House the decorum
is the people's decorum it's not really
about the two people it's not about the
you know it's not about Trump versus
Acosta they're in the people's house
they're in the white house in the white
house this the the voters the citizens
of this country have an expectation that
things can be done somewhat coherent ly
and in an organized fashion so you need
a little decorum it doesn't really have
anything to do with Trump it doesn't
have anything to do with Acosta it has
to do with the business of the country
so if you're saying that Trump is being
hypocritical because he says provocative
things and he's complaining about
somebody else acting provocatively
that's not really what's going on yeah
in the context of a press conference you
have to have some rules that's
completely different from saying things
that make people unhappy they're not
even slightly related let's talk about
mr. Kellyanne Conway are you watching
this drama where top adviser to the
president Kellyanne Conway's her husband
is becoming one of the most vocal anti
jumpers now I don't know if he would
have been this high-profile had he not
been married
kelly-ann so some of it is the fun of
the fact that yeah there are a couple
and it reminds me of was that the the
two people whose names I can't think of
it reminds me of them I guess I'm not
very reminded Carver no Mary Mary and
I'll come on black in names you know and
talk about Carvel yes James Carvel and
his wife were opposite of the political
spectrum and that worked but they were
also just for the most part pundits
right now that's not true Carville was
actually working for the campaign so
it's pretty pretty similar I I can't
decide if any of it matters yeah I think
the story is interesting but it does
make you curious about how they deal
with each other at home how does
Kellyanne Conway go home to her husband
and then they just you know kick back
and have dinner and talk about the day
that feels awkward to me so next topic
CNN reports that there's somebody in the
CIA and I guess I would call this a leak
they didn't call it a leak but the
reporting from a confidential source
that the CIA has determined that Prince
Salman was behind the ordering of the
murder of Joe shogi at the Turkish
embassy now you say to yourself oh
that's normal business we already
expected that that was true and the CIA
looked into it and the CIA found out
it's true it's no big deal right no big
deal we're just finding out what we
thought was true that is not the case
whoever whoever leaked that I know I
don't know if there's a legal basis for
this but just in terms of you know it
there should be a law against it if
there isn't whoever leaked that it
should be executed as for treason
whoever leaked that should be executed
for treason because this isn't a normal
link
this isn't like regular leaks regular
leaks are just embarrassing or you know
they they make some news people have to
scramble a little bit you know maybe
somebody's career it gets hurt that's a
normal leak in this case here's what
happened because of this leak until this
leak the government meaning the
President had the option of pretending
like we didn't know who did it if we
could pretend like we didn't know who
was behind it we had we had the ability
to we had the ability to work with
Prince salmon and say look we're gonna
pretend we don't know who did this but
you're gonna have to step up for some
other stuff we need to get done maybe we
need to you to make a deal in Yemen
maybe we need to you know get some help
with the larger Middle East peace so
whoever leaked this took away from the
President of the United States the
option of having leverage productive
leverage not in a bad way but a
productive working relationship with
Saudi Arabia there's somebody in our
government who took that decision that
option away from the president and may
have may have removed the best chance we
ever had for some kind of a
comprehensive Middle East peace
including maybe nuclear weapons get
created in in Iran somehow although I
think that's unlikely at this point but
at least is more of an option now I'm
not sure that you could criticize the
news organizations because they they do
sort of have a you know a special role
that if it's news and they hear they
report it so I'm not sure that I would
come down hard on CNN and this
or whoever else reported it but whoever
leaked that and took that option away
from the government when when it was so
I like literally it could have been the
difference between Middle East peace and
not now I know you're gonna say what are
the odds of Middle East peace but we've
never been closer and one of the biggest
keys to make that possible was being
able to say okay we don't really know
what happened in Saudi Arabia but let's
see if we can get some stuff done and
now that options been taken away whoever
leaked that probably not legally should
be executed but in terms of how badly it
damaged the country and how dangerous it
was and how completely inappropriate was
that's the sort of thing you have the
death penalty for you there's a reason
that treason is a death penalty because
if you're destroying the entire you know
putting the whole country at risk you
need to pay for that so that's one of
the worst things I don't know one of the
worst things I've ever seen
would you say now it could be that
whoever said it just figured well it's
going to be obvious anyway but he did
take the option away from the government
for treating it like it was no big deal
even though it was a big deal all right
some of you many of you saw a tweet by
one of my California political
representatives Eric SWA well you're all
familiar with Eric's wawel you've seen
him on TV a lot full disclosure I've met
him a few times locally
he's friends of friends and he tweeted
so apparently he's got a plan for taking
away people's ar-15s or assault rifles
so-called assault rifles and somebody
tweeted at him that they would never
they would never give up give up their
guns
you know without a fight
and then swallow well tweeted back that
the government has nuclear weapons so it
would be a short war because you know
fighting the government and their
nuclear weapons would be a short war now
a lot of people said my god my god
a congressman just threatened to nuke
citizens that's not what happened and I
felt so bad having to explain it to
people have we not just watched
President Trump use this exact same
place excessively it's the same play
that aoc Alexandria gave you cortez is
using it's the same technique the
swallow was using it's this gigantic
first ask in the context of getting
ready to run for president if you're
getting ready to run for president you
say stuff like let's build a wall let's
deport 14 million people you say stuff
like that when you're running for
president because who's he talking to
he's talking to his base when you talk
to your base the only way you can get
through the primary cut through the
noise you've got lots of people running
is you say something that's so
outrageous that you can't look away you
suck all the energy out that's what's
wawel did he said something that's so
outrageous that he sucked all the energy
away and people are arguing about
whether he really meant to nuke American
citizens let me tell you something with
complete certainty he did not mean
nuking citizens now I know what you're
saying now I'm Hadiya you're saying oh
okay I knew he didn't literally mean
nuking nobody thought that well
according to Twitter a lot of people
thought he was serious a lot of people
thought he was serious about nuking US
citizens I am so sad that anybody
thought that was serious but most of you
did not most of you said okay that's
that's just sort of a colorful way of
saying that the government would use
force in whatever form military and/or
doesn't have to be military but law
enforcement to to take away your guns
now here's the thing our laws if the if
not enforceable
the whole point of having laws is that
if you don't go along willingly the
government will send people with with
guns to make you comply with the law
that's what the law is the law is
something that the government will
enforce at the end of a gun all the laws
you know all the all the important ones
not the jaywalking laws but all of the
laws that are important are enforced by
guns so if if the country passed some
kind of a ban on ar-15s and if it passed
some kind of constitutional supreme
court test and if they were enforcing it
it would be a force like every other law
at the end of a gun it wouldn't be
different it would be just the law so so
saying that
sois well how can you say that you would
use you know the the weaponry of the
United States government against the
citizens he's just my interpretation is
that's how every law works why is this
the special one why would this be the
only law that you didn't enforce that
doesn't make sense the argument here is
not about using nukes because that was
just silly talk it's not about using
force against the citizens to to enforce
the law because that's how all laws are
enforced they're all at gunpoint
that's the point the real question is
whether or not you know that law should
exist you're already talking passed the
sale if you're talking about what to do
about it after the law has passed you've
already sort of uncritically accepted
that maybe this happens and now I'm only
dealing with the aftermath
are they gonna nuke me what happens when
they come to my door will I bury it in
the backyard have you ever seen this
play before yes it's what the president
used to become president it's exactly
the same play that AOC is using bye-bye
big asks with health care and with
education she's asking for way more than
she knows is practical do you think that
Alexandria Octavia Cortes someday I'll
learn to say this cleverly do you think
that she really doesn't know that we
don't know how to afford that stuff of
course she knows should she not say it
because she knows we can't afford it
nope
not if she's smart if she's smart she
will make sure that we can't look away
and do and the way to make sure that you
can't look away is by saying stuff
that's just a little wrong and you know
it's just a little wrong we'll figure
out a way to pay for it how hard could
it be
other countries do it and your head
spins and your hair goes on fire ah
she's crazy she's a socialist she's
saying things that can't possibly happen
she can't do bath she can do persuasion
yeah maybe she's not good at math but
she's real good at persuasion so if you
don't see this coming if you don't see
how strong the technique is from from
all of the players that I just mentioned
soir well asking way too much confiscate
the ar-15s it's not even a serious there
isn't the slightest chance that could
happen do you think there is do you
think there's a slightest chance the
ar-15s could be confiscated I don't
likewise when print when candidate Trump
said he was going to deport 14 million
people forcibly I said don't worry about
it that's not practical and he doesn't
mean it anyway and sure enough when he
got elected he said you know that that
looks pretty
why don't we deal with our other
problems instead all right it's the same
play you have to recognize it as the
same play you can hate what he's trying
to do and that's fair completely fair
you can you can hate the ideas but
please recognize the technique if you're
already saying that they're crazy if
you're already saying they don't
understand how things work if you're
saying they can't do math you're
completely missing what's happening they
can do math they are rational they're
using persuasion really well and how can
I tell they're doing it really well
because of your reaction because I'm
talking about it because you care about
it because this week you thought about
sois well and you thought about aoc and
you didn't think much about anybody else
that is a good technique so if you want
them not to get their way the very first
thing you need to do is understand what
is technique and what is real things
that might happen there because they're
very different you're projecting oh
let's talk about projecting so often on
Twitter arguments and in politics and
social media you hear people say
so-and-so is projecting now the idea
here is that people are using their own
thought process and imagining that other
people share it so there so in other
words if if you happen to be a huge liar
then you accuse other people of lying if
you know if you've if you have some bad
character flaw or opinion you imagine
that other people have it because that's
why you would have done in that
situation I guess here's my take on
projection in the rare case that you're
a trained psychologist and you've worked
with somebody and you've
you know you really know about them and
they're your patient there could be a
good chance maybe 40% that you would
accurately diagnose that a patient had
some problem with projection if you are
just a person on the internet it is far
more likely that you just don't
understand why people are saying what
they're saying so the fact that you are
accusing somebody of projection is a
completely irrational thing to say
because you don't know you can't read
minds and you would not be able to tell
the difference between somebody who just
had an opinion and something that you
think is projecting you can't do that
it's not a thing you can't read people's
mind now it is a thing according to
psychologists this something called
projection exists and that makes sense
to me because if you if your view of the
world is that you're a liar and
everybody in that is a liar then it
wouldn't matter who you're talking to
you would kind of assume well that
person's probably lying too so that's a
real thing because your worldview is
determined by your own internal thoughts
but to imagine that that's the likely
reason for why somebody has an opinion
on politics is completely irrational
because people have reasons for their
opinions lots of them why do they need
to project yeah there may be projecting
but you can't identify it all right not
in the wild anyway and then when I
pointed out that schwa well was not
being literal talking about nukes and he
really wasn't saying anything except
that if it were a law it would be
enforced like every other law that's
that's basically saying nothing and to
that nothing and when I said don't get
worked up about this it's just hyperbole
people said to me on Twitter and a lot
of people said this they said we must
hold these liberals to the same standard
that they hold us to because when
President Trump uses hyperbole they all
flip out and act like he's crazy race
or whatever so people are saying why
can't we treat them the same way yeah
yeah yeah we know he's just using
hyperbole but we have an opening here
like he left himself uh turrible so why
can't we attack this hard as well and
here's why if somebody if you see
somebody acting like a frickin do
you say to yourself hey if that person
could act like a frickin why can't
I that would be a good idea right
because I'm seeing somebody act stupid
and ineffective so we should act stupid
and ineffective
what kind of argument is that you're
watching people attacking the president
with with completely and effectively he
became president all of their attacks
did nothing but make him stronger why
would you do what doesn't work you know
it doesn't work you know it doesn't work
so the reason that you don't do what
they're doing is because you know it
doesn't work that's why that's the best
reason all right
you will be treated as he treats other
an eye-for-an-eye I don't have any
reasons you know I don't have any
reasons why he should be treated the
same it doesn't help me doesn't help the
country doesn't LPM it doesn't help my
dog there's no benefit of it whatsoever
it only makes the world a worse place
but I'm gonna do it anyway because they
did it they did it so I'll do it now
people are saying you're doing it
because it feels good the most honest
people in this conversation and a number
of people said this said okay we know
it's not rational we you know we know it
doesn't change anything but it feels
good to attack them in the same way that
you know your guy has been attacked it
does feel good I would consider that
actually the most honest and practical
thing anybody saying is that we're doing
it for fun
because what that does is it recognizes
that we're in a reality TV show if you
think you're in a reality TV show then
yeah absolutely
he said something about nukes it's an
opening your side can get him a few digs
ahead we're winning because we got in a
few digs in the reality TV show well
that's fine if you're doing it for fun I
I support that as long as you know where
you're doing if you're just doing it for
fun
his team sport go ahead but just be
aware it doesn't help anything doesn't
help your side it doesn't change
anything all right
[Music]
I'm just looking at your comments
did I hear right that there's there are
some celebrities who were organizing a
an abortion celebration party to
celebrate their abortions I thought I
saw that and I thought I don't even know
how to I don't even know how to form an
opinion on that because you know my my
take on abortion is left of Bernie and
when I say left of Bernie what I mean is
people on the right would like to limit
abortions normal liberals like Bernie
would want to allow abortion under
certain set of conditions and I'm left
that which is women need to work it out
meaning that the most credible laws are
ones that women as a majority support
and as soon as you throw in opinions
like mine you know I don't have
responsibility for having babies it's
not going to affect me the way it's
going to affect women so I recuse myself
I don't ask you to recuse yourself by
the way if you're male and you're
listening to this you can do it anything
you want no you know it's a free country
we have a constitution you can have
opinion and sudden anything you want I'm
telling you my own opinion my opinion on
abortion whether it should be legal or
not doesn't add anything to the process
but it might subtract something it could
subtract from the process but it
certainly couldn't add because I I have
a as a standard of civilization I think
the people who I think the people who
have the most responsibility for
something should have the greater say
you know in terms of the Constitution
every vote is equal but in a real real
sense if people have more responsibility
for something they should have a little
more say let me give you example if I'm
looking at let's say a police decision
let's say there's a law whether the
police should do or not do something I'm
going to look at the police opinion and
take that as more important than my
they have responsibility for this area
policing and I would like to give them a
little more a little more say than my
ignorant opinion having enough no
knowledge about the police so I just
take the same logic to the area of
abortion and you're perfectly willing to
have your own opinion and I'm not going
to talk you out of it that's the whole
point the whole point is that I'm not
going to add any opinion to something
because it doesn't help women women got
this and that would be the best somebody
says cowardly yeah have you been
watching me for three years do you think
that cowardly would describe my
personality if anything it goes the
other direction if I needed to change in
some way it would be to be more cowardly
because I get more trouble by not being
afraid of stuff than I get in trouble
for being afraid of stuff I should be I
should be more cowardly not less if I
had any sense of self-preservation do
you get death threats of course yeah all
all all people in my position get death
threats
now usually they're usually they're not
direct sometimes you know I I do get
some that are direct but usually they're
like better watch out when you go
outside Goebbels
that sort of threat
have I tried cocaine yes I tried cocaine
in college maybe three or four times and
each time I had the same reaction which
was I don't think there was anything in
that cocaine I didn't have I don't know
why I I don't know if there was a yeah I
did it wrong or I actually don't know
the answer to the mystery but it didn't
have any effect on me that I could
determine and therefore yeah I didn't I
didn't have any physical or mental
manifestations no I don't know why
because it was different times with
different people different batches it
just didn't have any effect on me
there's somebody somebody's calling me a
liar I think I would say that too
because I don't understand how that's
even possible because it went into my
body it just didn't have any
identifiable effect
none I don't know why do you do - yeah I
don't want to talk about cocaine anymore
I don't recommend it by the way I'm I'm
Pro weed if you're using it medicinally
and you might be surprised to hear that
I don't recommend marijuana for anybody
outside of medicinal use it's a terrible
party drug if you're using marijuana to
party you that's a bad choice LSD I have
not tried LSD
I've only did the only hallucinogen I've
ever done it was mushrooms and I only
did that once best day of my life now
I've never done any meth no yeah I've
never done math but I have done in
college some I guess in feta means would
be the the word for it I don't recommend
them either there are a lot of things
that people do in college that they
shouldn't do or they shouldn't continue
you left out the reason for which one do
you have a fire evacuation plan I do I
do have a fire evacuation plan it's
called my ATM card because for the most
part I wouldn't have a problem in terms
of escape routes because where I live
there just plenty of exits and town but
if you can afford to live that's sort of
your escape route let me show you the
outdoors how many days in a row have I
showed you this view I will remind you
that everything beyond the trees would
be a hundred percent visible and there
would be a ridge that's maybe five miles
away so you would see a valley Ridge and
you would see them even on foggy days
you'd have to be have a really serious
fog not to be able to see that far so
right now you can't go outside in
California where I live
schools are closed people are walking
around with masks you can drive places
in your car and sort of go from you know
car to building and close the door as
soon as you can but you can't breathe
outside now and not in a healthy sense
you can't breathe outside and I guess
seventy-one
hmm yes 71 people have been lost so far
600 people were missing although I don't
think most of them are injured yeah you
see people driving with masks right how
often does it rain where I live
rain is unusual from from around May
through November it's actually unusual
to have rain but we're expecting rain
for Thanksgiving so maybe that'll make
the difference doesn't the smoke get
drawn in through the AC it does there
there are filters in the house which are
probably completely clogged by now I
don't I don't sense much in the way of
smoke in the house but I'm also yeah
Malibu is pretty messed up do you
believe in directed energy weapons I
don't know what you mean by do believe
and the opinion on the Julian Assange
story yes I do have an opinion on the
Julian Assange story I have a feeling
that where the Julian Assange story is
going looks like this you will remember
that Assange offered that in return for
what's the right word a sudden not
asylum but what's the word when you
don't get charged for something immunity
so Assange had said that in exchange for
immunity he would give the government
information I'm I'm not sure what but
apparently he has some good information
so I have a feeling that if Assange
actually got picked up by the United
States and you know put into our legal
system that the that the net effect
might be that he would either have a
very small sentence you know almost
trivial or he would get completely out
based on the information
yes so I'm not entirely sure that
Assange doesn't want to get arrested
because in the United States
Assange might be setting up a situation
where getting picked up by the United
States is the best thing that could
happen to him
but he'd probably have to pre negotiate
you know what that looks like so that
don't assume do not assume that if
Assange gets picked up
he'll just be tried in order to go to
jail for X number of years that's
possible and obviously he would have to
worry about that but I think it's more
likely that the things he knows have
value
he's a publisher and not a hacker yeah
we don't really know any opinion you
have on Assange is going to be based on
lack of information so it's hard to have
an opinion on whether in my own in my
personal take on Assange is I have not
personally seen something that was
suggesting should go to jail but I'm not
saying it's not there I'm just saying
I'm not aware of it by the way what what
exactly Joe Rogan got schooled by wine's
Weinstein I'll watch that somebody else
told me to watch that so that must be
good
when does Muller end I don't have any
special insight into Muller except that
you know everybody who's watching seems
to think that things are winding down I
think that's probably true so D equals
Assange we don't know well I wouldn't
bet on that secret text say Julian ask
people to gather Docs well that's what
that's what they do that's just what
WikiLeaks does seems like espionage I
know so that so that the question is is
Assange a publisher because if he is
he's protected like everybody else
all right that's all I got I will talk
to you later