[Music]
good morning everybody and welcome to
the highlight of human civilization it's
called coffee with Scott Adams and if
you've never enjoyed this experience my
God I feel good for you lucky lucky you
if this is your first time here now if
you'd like to take this experience up to
levels that I know nobody can even
understand with their puny human brains
all you need for that is a cup or muggar
glass a tanker chel or Stein a canteen
Jugger flask of vessel of any kind fill
it with your favorite liqu and I like
coffee en jooy me now for the unparallel
pleasure of the dopamine hit of the day
the thing makes everything better it's
called the simultaneous hip it happens
now I hope you're prepared
go oh my God that's
good sometimes the Sip is genuinely
delightful
well 2024 is going to be the funniest
year and for some reason I think all of
the news today is more funny than
serious even though it's serious so
we'll just jump into it uh first of all
you might know there's a big rainstorm
Happening Here in California um Southern
California in the last day or so has
gotten two to four inches of
rain and checking all the details and
the rain has washed away almost uh 1 to
two inches of feal matter on the
sidewalks so rain is up 2 to 4 inches in
LA but feal matter is down 1 to two Ines
I think we're moving in the right
direction so I call that all good
news if you subscribe to the Dilbert
comic which can only be seen on X if
you're a subscriber just look at my
profile or on the locals platform Scot
items. locals.com uh you would would
know that today introduces a new
character Dilbert's company is hiring a
spokesperson but they can't afford
Tailor Swift so they did the best they
could and they're introducing a new
character today their new spokesperson
Taylor not so
Swift Taylor Noto Swift
and uh it doesn't go well I don't want
to be a spoiler but it doesn't go well
that's all I'm
saying uh there's a story in the New
York Post that covers all the big
stories you know the news you need to
know that there was a uh location in San
Diego in which a massage parlor was uh
shared a wall with a church and the
church people were being bothered by all
the alleged prostitution sex sounds
coming from the massage
parlor but this raises some
questions how can you tell the
difference between sounds of sex and
sounds of
church because a lot of it is the
same uh get on your knees and open your
mouth is that sex or is that a
Catholic
um a Catholic ritual with a
cracker you tell me how about who whoa
sex sound or possible
religious experience very much the same
I I just have some questions about the
story uh it could have been two churches
next to each other and they both thought
the other one was massage parlor but we
have to dig into this a little more now
in the fake news category how many of
you saw RFK Jr apparently pick up a
deadly snake from the ground a
rattlesnake with his bare hands did
anybody see
that did you know that it was H the
video was
revers he was actually putting a deadly
snake on the ground but but
wait but wait it's fake news because
they reversed it but then it's fake news
that it's fake news because how did he
get it in his hands in the first place
ahh it's fake news about the fake news
they did reverse the video but he got it
in his hand somehow now how many of you
knew it was a fake video the moment you
saw
it I
did and let me tell you why
because if if you ever known anybody who
picked up deadly snakes I actually have
some friends who pick up deadly snakes
when they see them yeah it's like a
thing if you know how to do it you can
do it pretty much every time without
getting
bitten now the way I would do it is I'd
use a you know maybe a stick with a
y-shaped to pin its head down and then
you grab it by its neck and it can't
really get to you cuz you're holding it
by its neck but importantly you always
pick up the neck first in other words
there's no situation in which you would
lean down which is what the video showed
when it was reversed there's no
situation in which you would try to grab
the neck and the tail
simultaneously because if you put any
attention to the tail you're going to
lose your
hand right so you put all of your
attention on getting the neck period so
when it was reversed it looked like he
had he was grabbing it with both hands
at the same time You' never do that but
you might put it down with two hands you
might say and that's what it was so yes
it's fake news but he did pick up that
snake right how else does it get in your
hand do you think somebody else picked
it up and handed it to him it's possible
but if he was that comfortable putting
it
down almost certainly he was comfortable
picking it up it's a thing people learn
how to pick up a snakes so I don't know
the details but I I imagine he did pick
it up at one
point all right here's another problem
fake news there's a story in New York
Post that Biden called Netanyahu a bad
effing guy uh because the Gaz of war is
going to cost Biden votes so that's news
right an anonymous report that Biden
said something uh terrible behind closed
doors what would I what would I say if
if Trump if this was a trump story if
there were a trump story about one
anonymous source who said that Trump did
something terrible or you know
embarrassing behind closed doors I
wouldn't believe it for one
second so in a rare moment of non
hypocrisy I'm not going to believe this
one either I do not believe that Biden
said behind closed
doors what is
reported however if he did why would I
care why would I care this is nothing
you don't think that Biden should feel
uh a bad feeling about net Yahoo right
now because it is it is going to cost
them the election probably and you don't
think that uh Nat yahu is maybe doing
things that Biden doesn't want him to do
and therefore he's got a bad feeling of
course he does why would we have any
problem with Biden having this opinion I
wouldn't no no I mean we still work with
Israel productively but it doesn't mean
we we don't carp about each other in
private you know half the time so I'd
say it's a non-story but it's also
probably the lowest level of credibility
in the news which is one anonymous
source saying something bad about a
potential president or yeah president in
an election year you cannot get to lower
level of credibility than that story
Anonymous Sour's presidential year
period it might be true I wouldn't care
about it either way uh meanwhile nuclear
power is growing everywhere except in
the United States the Czech government
uh just decided to go from building one
new reactor to four so nuclear is the
way uh to power the Czech government so
that's the good news I feel like sanity
won out and you know what's weird we
would never have all this nuclear power
if not for climate
alarmism you can never predict the
future can you if somebody had told you
20 years ago we're going to have climate
alarmism and that will be the thing that
really boosts uh the adoption of nuclear
energy that would have sounded
ridiculous because the people against
nuclear were also against you know all
forms of carbon but very slowly it took
decades uh the people who were sayane
and knew a little bit more about the
topic finally convinced people that they
were looking at the risk reward wrong
and that there was definitely ways to
handle the waste we do it now you just
keep it in barrels on the site where it
was produced and and that is safer than
the Alternatives and that there's such a
long track record we can say that with a
lot of confidence safer than the
Alternatives all right so that's just a
Victory lap because you know as you know
I spent years trying to convince people
that nuclear was a better risk reward
than the Alternatives but seems to be
worldwide recognition of
that uh so congratulations to everybody
who is sort of on the same side with
sanity in a weird little story the
Grammys were last night and uh I guess
she'd be called rapper yeah rapper
Killer Mike uh got a arrested right
after the Grammys so the police actually
handcuffed him and took him away from
the Grammys I not while he was on stage
but like right afterwards so he has this
this incredible night where he's saying
you know you know you can't tell me
you're too old or it's never too late
because I don't know what age he is but
he's not a young guy and he won uh he
won big at the
uh at the Grammys having one of the best
days of his life and the police decide
to arrest
them now did you know that he's not a
pro Biden
guy he's not pro Biden he was a pro
Birnie guy and apparently there's some
reporting today that he's been friendly
with some Republicans in his
state
so yeah we don't know what he was
arrested
for um maybe he was arrested because his
name is Killer Mike
and uh maybe that's enough maybe he
shouldn't label himself
um but I have a feeling he's getting
hunted I have a feeling that the Biden
Administration doesn't like that he's
not pro Biden and that could end up
accidentally being pro Trump even though
there's no indication he's Pro Trump I I
think they see the beginning of the
crack where the black men in particular
are making economic decisions about the
future hey I had more money under Trump
and I think the black women probably are
going to stay in the Democrat tent so
there's a I'm hearing that there's a
Schism in the black community over
Politics the men and the women going
different directions now that's
happening you know as well in other
communities but maybe not as
starkly so I guess we'll find out about
that
later um
some store owners in uh let's see where
is this in the Bronx 46 Precinct uh
they've given up on regular processes
for handling their
shoplifters and instead they have a
WhatsApp uh process where they call a
cop directly so if they're getting
shoplifted instead of calling the police
who would assign somebody if you're
lucky to go handle it they call the cop
directly on WhatsApp and they say hey
there's a shoplifter in here right now
come over here and it's working you know
it's not ending shoplifting but
apparently the police do get there in
time and you know they do uh they have
some kind of chilling effect I don't
know if they're getting arrested and
released or what's happening but they
say it's working I would say that they
should take this to a higher level I
believe that when a store is getting if
has a shoplifter there should be an app
with one button but it should not only
tell you
that uh it should not only go to the
police I think it should be available to
anybody to see I would want to know if a
shop is getting shoplifted at the moment
because I wouldn't go in it's like an
extra risk so wouldn't you like to have
the shoplifting app where you could
report one as it's happening and and not
just the police they would also be on it
but not just the police but everybody
would be
alerted now you might say to yourself
but Scott that could create a wave of
vigilant an
ism oh wouldn't that be
terrible oh no let's not have any
vigilante ISM to protect the only stores
that will give you food and Medicine in
your own town yeah you don't want any
vigilantism to protect your ability to
have a good life you certainly wouldn't
want the shoplifters to be
inconvenienced with all your vigilantism
now I'm against violence no
violence it's just be careful what
you're what you're asking for well
there's a AI brothel in
Berlin um which is a total surprised
that this would happen first in
Berlin um you know a lot of you think
that the worst thing that Germany ever
did was World War
II but that's only if you've never seen
their
porn I'll just wait a minute for the
guys who have seen German porn to be
laughing you know what I mean not that
I've ever seen it you you don't want to
see it for
long it's not as bad as Japanese
porn
but not that I've ever seen it all
right so now they've got this uh sex
doll that doesn't move but you can use
AI to have a virtual reality experience
of it talking to you and moving so I
guess I guess the model is your virtual
reality sees a virtual ual version but
then you can have sex with it in the
real world while while I think you're
Imagining the virtual one at the same
time so that's
happening um and some are saying I
wonder if this will you know be
competitive with real life humans well
I'm going to make a prediction I think
it's going to put humans on a
business because if this is totally
legal and I imagine it will be totally
legal in some places but not everywhere
if this becomes totally legal and the
the technology keeps
improving um the only fans girls are
going to have to find another job
because people might just prefer the
virtual
versions we'll see that's my prediction
is in the short run it'll be an odity in
the long run you're going to prefer the
virtual reality sex over a prostitute
you won't prefer it over real sex with
somebody you're in loveed with with or
even you know somebody who wants to have
sex with you but probably if you if you
factor in the Obesity and the bad health
and the Aging aging population I think
we're getting to the point where 80% of
adults won't have a sexual
option we might be there already I don't
know do you ever walk down the street
and look at the public and say how many
of them are going to have sex
today because who would do you ever have
that have you ever done that just look
at the public and say all right I wonder
if that one's getting laid today how in
the world could that even happen how
about that one
nope I don't think
so we might already be at the point
where 80% of adults are not having sex
because nobody wants to have sex with
them I don't see any way that this
doesn't become huge as the technology
improves might take a while but there's
no way that humans are going to be
competitive when a human doesn't want to
get anywhere near your obese
body all
right the uh mayor of Chicago was
complaining at an event he was in public
I guess the Press was talking to him and
he was uh complaining that people were
asking him why he hasn't visited the
Border because he complains about
migration but he hasn't visited the
Border I'm not sure a mayor needs to do
that you know mayor Chicago I don't know
that that's really important but he
defended himself and he said I'm doing
all this with a black wife raising three
black kids and he sort of went to that
you know he re-emphasized about his
black wife and his black kids now he's
black
but I'm a little confused is he being
racist against his own
family because what was the necessity of
mentioning I don't know three to five
times that they're
black I mean we didn't care nobody was
asking about that hey hey mayor what
what color is your family nobody cared I
I don't believe it was ever a topic so
why did he put it in there why why why
does he say that he doesn't have time
specifically because he has a black wife
and he doesn't have time because he has
three black
kids how do how do you read that other
than he's he's discriminated against his
own family for being
black I mean seriously I'm not making a
joke is he not saying that my family is
more work cuz they're black how else can
you interpret it I mean I don't care I
mean it's not like a a real issue that
he's racist against his family but what
how are we supposed to interpret it I'm
just curious is he actually being racist
against his own family because it looks
like it again it doesn't matter I mean
I'm sure he loves his family and they
love him and they would just laugh at it
and it wouldn't wouldn't be anything of
uh anything except a a joke in the
family but it is weird kind of jumps out
at you more of a funny story than
anything else all right uh let's talk
about the Apple Vision Pro so it's
getting a lot of news you maybe you saw
a video of a a guy in London walking his
robot dog while wearing his AR his uh
Vision PL Pro glasses I'm not entirely
sure that was a real video it looks
looks like the kind that would be fake
might be fake but uh Alex Finn uh showed
us some screenshots from his use of the
Apple Vision Pro in which he had a whole
bunch of different uh apps up so you can
see a whole bunch of Tik Tock and look
at other apps and you know his whole
Vision was full of
apps now here's a here's a little mental
experiment for you if the Vision Pro
experience you know the experience you
have wearing the arv or glasses from
Apple if that were a pill
you wouldn't be able to buy it because
the FDA would be requiring tests and
you'd have to do you know all these uh
you know very expensive multi-year tests
to see if it harmed
anybody but because it's an external
device they don't control that stuff you
don't think this is going to scramble
people's
brains you don't think that we don't
know what the effect of using this over
long period would
be because when I looked at it it seemed
to me that Alex Finn was showing us a
something that looked like a dopamine
overload meaning
that if it's already dangerous to spend
too much time on Tik Tok how dangerous
would it be when it's the only thing
you're seeing and you know like you're
taken out of the real world and you're
in this artificial world and it's 10
times as many screens and they're coming
at you 10 times as fast and some
Sometimes some it's three D and so the
the extra richness of this world should
based on everything we know about brains
rewire them this should fundamentally
rewire human
brains but we don't have to test
that if if Tik Tock were a pill there's
no way it would be legal you know that
right if the only difference were it
were a pill but let's say the experience
was the same you know you still had this
visual experience of Tik Tock and you
interacted with it but it was just a
pill there's no way it would be legal
because the benefits don't come anywhere
near compensating for the the
costs so I do have that question about
the arvr stuff at some point the product
itself is so good and Apple's very good
at making
products that it will rewire your brain
and you don't know what what that gets
you in the end you know certainly the
internet has rewired my brain what
wouldn't you agree that your own brain
has been rewired and your attention span
is far
less because there's just so much coming
at you yeah I mean if you could rewire
somebody's attention
span that's pretty basic wiring of your
circuitry so what will VR do well more
probably speaking of AI uh
Amar Rashi reports that 11 Labs they've
got an AI product um and they say that
with one click you could have a you know
artificial voice anybody's voice uh
creating a audio
book from Source
material well boy do I have a lot of
questions now given that AI has read all
of my books does that mean if you had 11
labs app you could have a free ebook of
mine or not ebook but audio book just by
saying read me that book which you read
the AI has studied my books so that
they're all in its database so it could
just read my book or do they have some
kind of copyright control built into it
now so it can't do copyrighted material
but how would the AI know what's
copyrighted well I guess if it's
published book that's easier um I think
this is going to open up some legal
battles that you don't see coming like
really really big ones because there
going to be a whole bunch of authors who
have their own power you know the the
richest ones who are going to say
absolutely not you know I'm going to sue
the pants off of you if you take my
intellectual property which is the right
to have this as an audiio book and turn
it into something you can all make for
nothing
yeah and then what about the voices uh
what about the fact that I can have a
celebrity voice read my book the
celebrity doesn't get any say in that
you can take the celebrity's voice and
just apply it wherever you want it could
be that as long as you're doing this
privately it's all
legal it would only be a problem if you
tried to publish it but that made sense
in the old days but in the new days if
every single person doesn't need to buy
an audio book ever again because the AI
will just make one for him this is a
gigantic industry that just
disappeared and it's my
industry yeah it's it's about half of my
entire book income is audiobooks and I
think it just disappeared but I don't
know I I suspect that lawyers will uh
lawyer up and and fight this pretty hard
if it's what it looks like but we don't
know if it's what it what it looks like
yet when I tried 11 Labs a while ago or
actually I tried a different one that
did the same thing a while ago it it
couldn't handle an entire
book so it was artificially constrained
just for resources uh but if this one's
not artificially
constrained there's a lot going on right
Michaela Peterson is saying that uh on
YouTube if you go into incognito mode
and you try to type in a search for
either Michaela Peterson or Jordan
Peterson her dad that it doesn't
autofill and it would be very unusual if
that's
accidental so she's saying it looks like
it will kill her YouTube channel because
when people search for it they'll have
to know exactly what they're searching
for it won't help them out so I went
over to um check on my own to see if
that's true for me so I went into a uh
incognito tab and I opened YouTube and I
searched for myself and did does
autofill so my show autofills exactly
like you'd want it to so if hers doesn't
what does that tell
you well if mine does clearly that's a
function you know that would be normal
for YouTube If hers doesn't and her
father's
doesn't I feel like the probable reason
for
that would be that they YouTube made a
decision not to do it and they they
removed that function what else would it
be oh a Canada setting somebody says I
wonder if it's a Canada setting huh
maybe but it be the same
problem anyway I don't know if that's
true uh but I will tell you that my
YouTube traffic for about five years has
been
flat while my ex number of followers
went from 100,000 to 1.1 million do you
think both of those things happened at
the same time
organically that my YouTube that I do
every single day
every day that's been flat for five
years does that sound
normal
no no not while my ex is going up like a
streak and my local traffic went up like
a streak and everything else did well I
publish a book you know I publish a book
that does really well no
difference
no the only time it spiked is when I got
in trouble is that a
coincidence yeah yeah that as soon as I
got cancelled traffic went through the
roof but as soon as they were done
dumping on me right back the B
Baseline does that sound
organic I doubt it I doubt
it so let me give a plug for rumble
Studio as you might know Rumble has a
product that's recent that I'm using
right now actually so so I'm um
uh in my browser and I go to rumble
studio and for free I can uh I can cast
to uh the xplatform which I'm doing
right now YouTube and Rumble at the same
time and I'm on local separately just so
I can see their comments a little faster
I could do locals at the same time but I
like to pull them out in a separate
device so I see the the comments faster
uh because they're a sub they're a
subscription site so they get a little
extra well Rumble is important because
if one of those sites pulls your content
at least you could be on two or three
other sites and you wouldn't immediately
be out of business you you'd have your
backup automatically it would just be
there at the same time so if you are
doing um YouTube only videos about
anything political you should really
really really think about using Rumble
studio so that you build up a couple of
other uh platforms at the same time
because case you get kicked off of
one that's my business advice
diversify well interesting um Bill
Mah had a pbd on the show Patrick Bet
David in his Club
random and here's a little uh snippet of
conversation that I just I was
fascinated by this because I learned
something at the same time or was
reminded of something I once
knew
so Patrick B David
said 70% of Americans took the vaccine
and they didn't want to take it and Bill
Mah said when did the vaccine come about
under Biden no under
Trump and then pbd says no it came two
days after the election was over with it
was not under Trump they intentionally
kept the vaccine until after the
election and Mars said oh yeah you're
right that's
right now that sounds like an ordinary
conversation that normal people would
have right that's why it's
extraordinary it's extraordinary because
it's a normal conversation between two
people who were just trying to figure
out what was true and what was not
true it's
extraordinary how often do you ever see
somebody make a claim and then go oh
yeah you're right yeah that does change
everything
you know every time I complain about you
know Bill Mah if I disagree with him or
something I I have to get back to the
fact that he's pretty much a national
treasure at this point because his
simple inability to be
willing if the if the information is
right to take the other side is a hell
of a thing now I think he has way too
much TDS yeah I mean he has his TDs is
through the roof
so you know as soon as you talk about
Trump more specifically it becomes you
know crazy but you know outside of a
very specific Trump context you know
this one was sort of trump adjacent um
he seems willing to actually look at the
evidence so I'm going to give him a lot
of credit for that it's hard to do in
public it's very hard to do in
public all right so this this tells me
that the Republican complaint about
Trump might be easy to get rid of
because there are a lot of Republicans
who say Trump you made this vaccination
and you said it was good and you haven't
apologize for it to which I say he
wasn't in charge when you got it and he
wasn't the one who told you it was
mandatory for traveling or whatever that
wasn't him Trump was the non-mandatory
guy so he Trump created an
option and you got to decide whether you
wanted
it now you You could argue that it'd be
better without the option but you'd have
to argue with the people over 60 who
think it improved their chances of
survival don't know you know I don't
know what's true but a lot of people who
think it helped them and then a lot of
other people the younger people would
think it was more bad than
good uh anecdotally that's what
everybody seems to see so I don't know
what the science is but because you know
you can't trust the science on any of
this if you think you saw some data you
believe
why why would you believe any data about
the
pandemic it's all motivated all of it
even the stuff that agrees with you it's
just
motivated all
right also on the same
show uh or was it uh on his Friday
show um oh no it was based on the Friday
show I think um so Bill Mar was
complaining that people were taking him
out of context a little bit because
uh he said that um Biden could have
stopped could stop the Border problem uh
with the laws that he has right so that
would be unusual for somebody who
supports Democrats to say yes it's true
Biden is lying he has all the tools he
needs to stop the the open border that's
a big deal but um Bill Mah wanted to
make sure that you knew that they took
him a little bit in a context because
the extra context which I will do him
the favor of adding is that uh he ranted
and they left that down to the video
clips he ranted where I say Republicans
are also acting acting they're just
acting when they say they want to solve
this when they really don't because they
want it as a campaign issue I agree with
that here's what Bill Mah might not be
aware
of the the people he think the
conservatives he think took him out of
context by removing the part where he
complained about Republicans also not
being serious about solving the
problem every conservative agrees with
them do you know why they took that
out because everybody
agrees everybody agrees that the
Republicans are pieces of for not
closing the Border everybody agrees that
the GOP who's not trying to close that
border and doing it without you know any
other requirements we all agree that
they're losers so I don't think he knows
that the Republicans want to close the
border and if there's a republican in
the way they will drive over his
head let me say that again Bill Mar in
case you're missing it the
conservatives everyone that I've ever
spoken to if a republican got in the way
of closing the border under the current
situation every conservative would drive
a truck over their head every
one of them so when the conservatives
leave out the part where the Republicans
are also partly the blame they leave it
out because they agree it's obvious it's
obvious that the Republicans are part of
the problem so yeah Bill not
only not only do we agree with you but
we agree with you probably more
emphatically than you agree with
yourself you couldn't get more agreement
than
this but the funny part is that he
thinks he was uh taken out of context
which is exactly how all the hoaxes
about Trump
that bill M believed at one point were
all the same trick just taking out
context so it's interesting to see him
call it out anyway watching the uh
continuing let's say evolution of Bill M
toward the light at the same the same
time as Sam Harris seems to be you know
devolving into a gollem or something I
don't know what's going on with that
situation uh is fascinating to watch but
list talk about some other public
figures who are fun so Mark Mark cubin I
don't know what's going on with Mark
cubin does is anybody watching The Mark
Cuban show where he's been really uh
public and especially on the
xplatform debating a lot of people
including me uh I'm just one of the
people he's interacted with on this
topic in which he claims well I'll just
read you what he said uh he's replying
to Elon Musk and Bill akman and some
others he says I'm sorry but I can say
with 100% confidence that anyone who
believes Equity is about providing equal
outcomes does not understand what the
equity in Dei
is I I'll give you a moment for your
heads to
explode all right put your head back
together yeah Mark Cuban said that in
public on the
xplatform he actually thinks that his
team
and and everybody else in the world only
wants Equity to be you know more like
equal
opportunity how do you not
know how do you not
know what Jordan Peterson uh is going to
correct him in and I'm going to read
every word of it so Jordan Peterson's
head exploded when he read it I just
have to read you yeah I got to read you
the entire Jordan Peterson response
because it's all just so
funny all right so Dr Jordan Peterson
says this is truly one of the most
clueless misses I have ever I've ever
seen on Twitter and that is a hard
contest to win mark cubin where the hell
have you been for the last 20 years
because the world you think you live in
Bears absolutely no resemblance to the
world that currently exists what exactly
do you think ex transpired around
Harvard and claudian gay let me guess
systemic racism poor Dr Gay do you
understand the depth of the rot her
appalling display at Congress revealed
and was echoed by the presence of MIT
and upen let me put the let me put it so
you could understand it if you had ears
to hear and eyes to see and then he
writes it in all caps so I'm going to
shout it because it's an all caps
Equity is 100% about equality of outcome
the purposeful cloud of linguistic
confusion around the term is there to
allow moralizing blind enablers such as
yourself to maintain their delusions
allyship delusional
allyship and you take the bait to aage
assuage a word I never say in public to
assuage your guilt for whatever you may
have had to do in the course of your
life
perhaps while amassing your fortune it
goes a little too far there uh that's
between you and God and right rightly so
but in the meantime the rest the rest of
us can only watch and wonder and utterly
openmouth
amazement all right so what's really
going
on do you think that Mark cubin actually
doesn't
know what Jordan Peterson just explained
him
do do you think that he's lived in the
actual world but he doesn't know
that what do you think it's sort of a
mystery I'll give you my speculation in
a moment but there's more to the
story so the libs of Tik Tock uh found a
video of the CEO of the Dallas
Mavericks who Mark Cuban hired and I'll
just I'll just read the libs of tict
Tock post here um and in the video she
boasts about being the most diverse in
the NBA and and switching up roles to
have more women and black people in
leadership
positions so she said quote you have to
have a diverse group I made some
leadership changes and now we have
almost 50% women and 47% people of color
diversity
matters um didn't she just admit
breaking the
law how do you interpret that if she
said they made some leadership changes
that would indicate that there were
white men in those positions and she
changed them out there's no mention that
they were doing a bad job and there's no
mention that there was a a
natural you know a natural order to it
as in as people
retired um they would replace them with
some diversity which I wouldn't mind at
all actually because I think diversity
has some advantages but if you do it
organically and you're getting people
who are you know know qualified for the
job and especially the most qualified
for the job and that's how you do it
sure but if the race has anything to do
with why they're getting hired and it's
even if it's just the tiebreaker that is
illegal that is unambiguously 100%
illegal and it looks to me like the CEO
of the Dallas Mavericks who Mark Cuban
hired is admitting to a
crime and and a pretty bad one now I
don't like to see people get in trouble
so I don't I don't want this CEO who
looks like a good person actually she
she has she has a good vibe you know I
kind she looks likable so I don't want
anything bad to happen to her but I
would like her to be
educated about what discrimination
really is I get that she's trying to
make the world a better place as she
sees it so may have good intentions and
Mark cubin as well may have good
intentions but you have to know this is
illegal and then it's illegal for very
good reasons smart people did a lot of
thinking about this and decided this
needs to be 100%
illegal
and here's my best
guess my best guess is that at one point
Mar cubin was just trying to do the
right thing and get some diversity in
his company
and maybe it got a little too aggressive
and as a leader of a company he's you
know supporting the people that he hired
so I feel like he's trying a little too
hard to support the people he hired but
I have another
suggestion there's something about this
that looks so stupid that it can't be
real do you know what I mean this can't
be the first time somebody explained to
Mark Cuban that they really do mean
Equity is equal outcome it can't be the
first time
I don't believe that he believes what
he's saying he
believes I would like to open up the
possibility that he's trying to break
the
system and that he knows he's doing it
now I can't read minds I can't read my
it's entirely possible it's exactly what
it looks like a guy who somehow was
blind to one of the biggest things
happening in the country for 20 years I
would say 30 years I'd say 30 years at
least so that's not impossible can we
all agree that it's within the realm of
possibility that he has this gigantic
blind spot totally
possible but I'm going to give him more
credit than that because in my opinion
he's too smart to have that blind spot
for that
long this could he could be um he could
be over complying to break the
system he could be he could be selling
it because he knows it's ridiculous and
the more he sells it the more people are
getting educated how ridiculous this is
that an
accident is is he because he's having
too much fun and he's not responding in
a way that you would respond if you knew
that all of your arguments have been
demolished in
public like his response is not matching
the activity which suggests to his
credit if this is true I'm just
speculating I can't read his mind I have
no I have no inside information nothing
like that it looks to
me like something I might have
done but if I did it it would be to
break the
system because if you take this to its
logical conclusion it's obviously
ridiculous and it looks like he's doing
that he's taking it to its logical
conclusion well you know he runs a BAS
basketball team the ultimate
discrimination um entity he he's
certainly you know not following his own
rules at least for the team
so I just it's just a question mark I I
would like to just put in a marker that
says if you think the entire explanation
is he's just defending his company and
he made gigantic mistakes and they're
they're operating in a super illegal way
maybe maybe I mean okay I've seen
stranger things but when when your
hypothesis assumes that one of the
smartest people you know is really
secretly one of the dumbest people you
know that usually is not a good sign for
your point of
view and and I'm going to say the same
thing uh Mark cubin had the same opinion
about Trump that Trump was far too
literally
stupid to
succeed
does that ever sound like that's like a
good
analysis I don't know so if you're
thinking that Mark Cuban is so dumb that
he believes all of this stuff he's
saying maybe but believing that people
that successful and that consistently
smart are really secretly dumb like he
believed of
trump I don't know I can't take that too
seriously well what about that Chinese
risk of all the Chinese Nationals
flowing through the Border there's a
report now that Tik Tock is giving them
Specific Instructions about how to find
the holes in the gate in
California so you say to yourself oh my
God China is invading with all these
Chinese Nationals and they'll activate
them to be spies and sleeper cells and
stuff like that but did you know that
completely legally there are 280,000
Chinese students in the United States in
2023
there are
280,000 Chinese students in the United
States completely
legally well why would they need to come
to the Border if they need to come to
the Border it means they couldn't get
into
college doesn't China want their their
best people here the ones who could get
into
college so if I were worried about
Chinese spies I'd be a lot more worried
about the 280,000 students than I would
be about the people coming through the
gate I assume you know there's a risk in
both cases
but well but the undocumented thing
isn't helping you as much as your
argument as much as you think I get that
we watch carefully the Chinese who come
in Legally I get that but they seem the
ones who are educated in college I feel
like they're a bigger risk than somebody
who's just walking in with the clothes
on their back you know even if they're
trained terrorists how much are they
going to do
well I suppose one good terrorist could
take down a whole state if they
tried I I I always think that terrorism
is fake because it's so poorly done have
you ever had that thought that maybe all
the terrorism is fake in the United
States because with the exception of
911 why can't they do better than
they're doing I'm not going to give
anybody any ideas but I'm almost
positive I could take down the whole
country in a weekend like actually
literally why can't they how hard would
it be I mean again I'm not going to give
you any ideas but it wouldn't be that
hard anyway so I I just wonder why it
hasn't
happened all right here's my favorite
story I often talk to you about my uh
so-called Democrat
friend I usually call him my smart
Democrat friend now he's smart because
he literally went to you know much
better school than I did and is very
successful you know professionally and
follows the news forever knows a lot
about lot of things super smart
successful guy but we sometimes
disagree so I'm going to give you an
update on the story I mentioned this in
the man cave so some of you you heard it
so I I wanted to I wanted to find out if
he had updated his opinion his
anti-trump opinions recently because of
open borders and you know Biden falling
apart Etc so I asked him if he'd uh
changed his view about uh Biden
destroying
America
and his response was uh that I should
read the New York Times to get the real
news and stop following for all the
Republican
hoes so um now the reason that I
contacted him was you know first to get
his updated opinion but then to suggest
that maybe he and I could end up on the
same page which has not happened in many
years uh if he simply use the xplatform
which he doesn't because it shows both
sides and I said if you read the New
York Times you see one
side you know likewise if you watch only
Fox News you see one side but if you're
on
X the the design of the system is that
you might get fact check by Community
notes you know like the RFK Junior video
that got F fact checked immediately as a
reverse video um but it also allows
almost every time the the Counterpoint
shows up right in the comments so every
story on X if it gets any attention at
all always has a CounterPoint in fact I
spend a lot of my time putting the
Counterpoint into other people's po
posts so you can see I did it today it's
the normal normal thing we do
so he seemed to have a an old opinion of
what Twitter twiter or X is and so
here's the update the funny
update um I couldn't really talk to him
any further because we don't have a
common assumption about what is
reality but I I tweeted this or a posted
it about how my smartest friend told me
to read the New York Times and stop
falling for the Republican hoaxes and
Elon Musk weighed in with a comment and
he said recommend that they also read x
uh worst case they'll have a better
understanding of the so-called
hoaxes uh they don't need to stop
reading the New York Times but they
probably will once they realize they've
been
had
so so my smart Democrat friend because
he's in his bubble he doesn't watch this
show and he doesn't follow me on
a so he doesn't know that I've been
using him for years as my example of you
know somebody in strong TDS now I never
use his name he's just you know my smart
Democrat friend uh so I thought it would
be funny to text him and tell him that
Elon Musk recommends that he use x and
he can still keep reading the New York
Times uh but he needs to see the full
picture so I texted him
that you know what his response
was he said would X publish a story
about SpaceX not being as profitable as
people
think that was his response to telling
that Elon Musk
personally asked him to use the
xplatform now here's the funny
part based on his response I don't think
he believes that Elon mus actually asked
him personally to use the
xplatform and here's the funnier
part I'm not going to tell
him because I think it's hilarious that
he's so disconnected from the actual
news that he doesn't know that Elon Musk
just personally invited him on the
xplatform how funny is
that come on you have to admit that's
funny that I don't tell them but it gets
better Elon musk's mother uh May musk uh
we follow each other ones uh she weighed
in too she said I had a similar
experience with an intelligent lawyer uh
who only receives her news from The New
York Times so I started sending her
screenshots of post remx surprisingly
she really appreciated them and has a
new outlook on Tesla and politics uh but
she isn't ready to subscribe to actually
had small
steps
and I think I might text my friend and
say Elon musk's mother says you should
be on X
too and he'll also think I don't mean
it come on that's
funny that is funny
the news is all funny
today and then Elon responded to his mom
he said if someone only reads the New
York Times propaganda they will not know
what is really going on in the world and
that's true of not just the New York
Times that is true to any Source on the
right it's true of any documentary it's
true of every News Channel it's true of
everything if if you don't see the
opposing sides you could not possibly
know what's happening in the world
that's just a
fact all right and X is to my knowledge
the only place you can see opposing
sides with an a filter can you think of
any other does anybody know anywhere
else you could see opposing sides with
an a filter I always like Fox news's
trick of bringing the least capable
person for the other
side now some of us because the most
capable people don't want to go on Fox
News you know that they would you know
shun it and CNN does the same thing when
CNN brings on somebody to you know argue
for the Republican side uh they don't
send their best they don't send their
best anyway um some other people weighed
in where I referenced that Biden had
destroyed the country and I think they
took that a little bit more literally
than I meant it and they said oh you
tell me how he destroyed the country
Scott you
oh how did he destroy the country so
please please give me details and
perhaps a source to suggest how Biden
had destroyed the country first of all
learn to understand
hyperbole
secondly have you heard about the Border
situation have you heard that retail is
closing in cities so they soon won't be
able to buy food or medical supplies
have you heard that you can't walk down
the street safely have you heard that
we're in a number of Wars have you heard
that Republicans are being jailed for
their political opinions have you heard
that the school system is completely uh
disintegrated largely because of the
teachers union which is just a Democrat
tool have you heard that free speech is
gone have you heard that Equity is
replacing Merit which will destroy the
whole
world the fact that it hasn't happened
completely yet is not the strongest
argument every one of these things
suggest Doom now I don't think we're
doomed because I know a republican will
fix it there's no way that this
continues uh they're going to have to do
a lot of rigging to be whoever the
Republican is I assume it'll be
Trump but are there people who don't
think that these things are
existential the equity versus Merit is
an existential risk it's the biggest one
we have it's bigger than climate change
it's bigger than nuclear war
this is the single biggest risk to the
country how do you not know that let me
explain how you don't know
it have you ever heard this before that
the progressives only do what um looks
good on
paper and Republicans do things that
look like they would be a system that
could work in the long run and that's
the entire political
difference rep the Democrats do things
that that look good on paper but can't
possibly
work and the and the Republicans will do
something that hurts like hell if it's a
good system and it'll work in the long
run yeah now I have to give credit
to just give me a moment because I
didn't make that up so there's a
book on that uh it's a book called uh
cynical
theories and it talks about the the fact
that uh yeah talks about the fact that
uh the book well the book talks about
the fact that uh Democrats do things
that look good on paper and that's
basically the whole the whole story now
I'm going to get to you to some examples
of that in a moment but first let's talk
about biomics uh uh so Biden said today
in a post on X he said experts said that
to get inflation under control we needed
to drive up unemployment we found a
better way under my plan unemployment
has been uh under 4% for two full years
and inflation has been at the
prepandemic level of 2% over the last
half a
year
so where do I
start where do I start we could start
with the fake inflation numbers uh all
all say is that none of the economic
numbers are
real it's an election year if you're a
citizen of the United States and you see
economic statistics in an election year
the first thing you should say is that's
not true and then you should just keep
it that
way nothing's true about economics in an
election year because the government
controls those numbers so of course
they're going to be friendly to the
government in power I think you'll see
that every time but uh I came here just
to mock this and so here's what I ask so
Biden says he didn't listen to the
economic experts when he concocted his
imaginary economic plan so that opens
the question who exactly did he Listen
to If when he made his economic plan for
the biggest economy in the world he
didn't listen to The Experts and he's
bragging about it who exactly did he
Listen to I have two guesses one would
be the
migrants and the other would be other
dementia
patients because I don't think you could
come up with this by talking to
experts and he's admitted that he didn't
so why are we okay that the guy in
charge of our economy isn't talking to
the experts and when they tell him to do
something he does the opposite maybe it
worked but I wouldn't brag about it you
know what I mean maybe he got exactly
what he wanted because actually this is
a good result employment you know not
being that bad and inflation coming down
that's a good result but can you tell me
which parts of his economic plan caus
that go list all of his economic
plan uh-huh nothing nothing oh wait
there was that infrastructure
Bill the infrastructure bill that's
it that's
it and are you doing better because the
INF infrastructure
Bill do you know anybody who got hired
got a job to work on the new
infrastructure I don't
never heard of it nope and and how did
the infrastructure bill which should
drive up inflation how did that lower
inflation can he connect anything he did
if he did anything I mean I remember
when he drained our uh our national
reserves of oil I remember that is that
how he helped inflation well it did help
inflation or did it make inflation worse
because then he was uh I don't know did
it make inflation worse let me think if
you drain the national reserves you're
you're decreasing the cost of oil
because you have more competition so it
should make inflation better yeah so
when he's bragging about inflation
coming down shouldn't he mention that
the way he did it was giving away our
strategic reserves and we we can't fill
it back up because it costs too much
now I think uh Trump wanted to fill it
up when gas was cheap the exact right
time to do it
all right um so I would like to see
someone do a interview on the street or
or even on TV with experts and say well
um Biden is bragging about his economic
plan can you give us the top three
things in his economic plan go let's see
you do it you're you're all well
informed so tell me the top three things
of his
plan infrastructure
Bill and then uh well so you ever ask
anybody to list three things when you
already knew one of them what do they
always
do if you said oh Bob I know you like
three kinds of foods I could remember
you love ice cream but what are the
other two what will Bob say he'll say
well I like um let's see I'm trying to
remember I like ice cream like Bob I
just said that don't say that
back to me I just said I know you like
three things the one I know is ice cream
don't start your sentence with your
answer with well there's ice cream um
can't think of uh did I say ice cream
yet so on the list we got the ice cream
we've got the uh well we're starting
with the ice cream and then the other
two that are on top of the ice
cream all
right so yeah I'd like to see somebody
ask the details of his economic plan
because as far as I know there is one
right am I wrong that there actually
isn't an economic
plan or that I've never heard
one wait I that's that's not true I'm
exaggerating a little bit there is an
economic plan if I'm being
honest there's the infrastructure
Bill and
uh let's go to the next story um as you
know we live in a hoxy and VI ramas
Swami is listing a few he says the MSM
MSM Li MSM mainstream media lies like
it's their
profession that's not true V I feel like
that's that's so wrong he's saying the
mainstream media lies like it's their
profession well I'm going to disagree
with that no they lie like it's the job
they
want
boom yeah
they lie like it's the job they
want all right and he lists some of the
uh
hoaxes now you've heard my list before
but here's his
list Russia collusion Hunter Biden
laptop Charlottesville Bubba Wallace Jo
juicy Smet comington Catholic students
Gretchen Whitmer kid M plop CO leak a
lab leak was a conspiracy theory steel
dossier do say gay was in the build
migrant kids and cages Georgia election
integrity was the new Jim Crow Duke
lacrosse January 6 video for peaceful MF
BLM Bri I is a horse stable M Trump Ed
Gest to clear a crowd from a Bible photo
the list goes
on now I usually make fun of list
persuasion because usually when you do
list persuasion it's fake you know the
things on the list are you know maybe
one of them is real and the others are
fake so looks like more but every one of
these is
real you could check for yourself you
can absolutely check to see what the
headline was in the beginning and then
you can go back and check and find out
what eventually the story became there's
no mystery to any of these every one of
these was a media
hoax we don't know the intentionality of
it but they were definitely not true all
right uh apparently Congress completely
stopped pretending to do the work of the
people Matt Gates reports that the
Senate amnesty
Bill uh would literally Force president
Trump assuming he comes into office to
let an illegals well into his term so
they're not only trying to screw us now
they're trying to put some uh mechanism
in place to prevent Trump from ever
fixing it really really that's actually
happening in the real world and uh gay
says any Republican who votes for this
is no better than the
Democrat paging bilmar paging Bill
Mah we all agree on
this you and Matt gates are on the same
page it's the GOP it's not just the
Democrats
yeah so it feels like the the Senate
just completely stopped pretending to be
on the same side as a human you know the
humans that they should represent I
don't feel like they're even trying in
fact we've become a hoax hoaxy but also
a confusopoly
you know confusopoly is a term I
invented years ago for uh like let's say
cell phone companies and insurance
companies when they compete against each
other since they're basically selling a
commodity um they just make it really
complicated so consumers can't tell
which one to buy it's like h
uh this insurance I don't know is it
better than the other insurance I'm not
even sure how do I tell so you just buy
the one that talks to you
first so that works for everybody
because it keeps everybody in business
but nobody can dominate so that's a
confusopoly but I would say the Senate
has become a confusopoly because they
spend more of their time preventing the
public from knowing what they're doing
than informing the
public
boom that's a confuse
Oly if you were to just add up the time
spent explaining uh let's say accurately
not not explaining just you know the
political spin but just accurately
explaining what's in the bill you don't
even have to tell me to vote for it or
not vote for it just describe it just
get in front of the microphone say all
right there's a bill coming up it's got
uh this and that and that and we'll talk
about which parts we like and what we
don't but I'm just describing it to you
so you are an informed voter nope
because even the Senators are not
allowed to know what's in the bill
they're only allowed to know that their
uh their Puppet Masters want them to
vote for it and if they don't they're
not going to get a committee assignment
which gets extra pay and you know all
kinds of
benefits
so Pelosi and Company and Schumer and
I'm sure the Republicans are just as
guilty um
like to make things so complicated that
they can all get their pet pork through
and the things that they're scamming
money from and they can money launder
and as long as the other team is getting
their taste both teams get a taste it's
basically how to screw the public where
they don't telling the public what
they're doing keeping us in the dark and
not even really pretending to do the
work of the people
anymore not even
pretending
um so it looks like what they did was
they're creating a
bill that allows them to keep funding
their corrupt Ukraine war so they get to
keep all the corrup corruption and the
money laundering that they like uh but
we also give our money to Israel which
has a a better debt to GDP ratio than us
so really Israel should be giving us
money um as our allies but no we're
going to reverse it and uh then we're
going to and then the deal is to also
keep our borders open far more than we
think makes sense or would be
safe you know I remember when compromise
was if I accept this thing I don't
like you know you'll let me have this
thing that's good so I'll take a little
imperfection to get you know a little
more
good but it looks like our Congress just
decided on three bad
things it shouldn't it be you know maybe
there's one good thing which
allows us to accept the bad things and
that would be like a
negotiation but in what world do you put
three bad things together that no nobody
in the public wants I mean by majority
and then sell that to us as a
compromise no that's three bad things
put together that's not a
compromise that's something nobody
wants nobody wants all right when I say
nobody wants it what I mean is um I
don't think people want this bill where
these three things are tied together I
don't think anybody wants that and I
don't think anybody wants these things
individually uh by a majority there are
individuals who want them when I say not
anybody I mean the majority of the
people that's my understanding maybe I'm
wrong about that but I don't think
anybody wants any of it meeting the
majority all right
um so apparently uh
the GOP wants to give more money to
these NOS these non-government
organizations that are part of you the
vast Network helping the migrants get
here so the GOP wants to give them
another $2
billion when Elon Musk and he said this
in a post he said NGO Personnel who
deliberately and repeatedly broke the
law to facilitate illegal immigration
should face prosecution IM immediately
but instead they're being rewarded with
a lot of extra
money does that look like the Congress
is on your side doesn't to me it doesn't
even look like a little bit they're
trying to be on America's side where
where's even the cover Story how about a
cover story that it's good for us you
can't even lie to us and tell us why
this is good for us I don't see any
explanation for why it's good I believe
these people should be in
jail why should they be in jail for
breaking our laws to encourage Mass
illegal
immigration yeah that's
jail all right here's another fun one um
I have this view about Libertarians that
goes like this you can't be a
Libertarian unless you're like uh let's
say Thomas Massie or uh ran Paul who I
appreciate when I disagree with
them because I like the fact that
there's always a strong libertarian uh
perspective on everything because you
need it but what you definitely don't
need is a Libertarian
country can can somebody do a fact check
has there ever been a Libertarian
government that
worked because it can't work right even
on paper it doesn't make sense yeah it
couldn't possibly work so when I see
Libertarians like Massie and Rand Paul I
say to myself you know what I I used to
be a little bit opposed to him because
you know maybe they were pushing back on
something I didn't want them to push on
but now I love the fact that they're
part of the
conversation because I don't think you
should ever have a conversation where
you don't have the libertarian
perspective somebody saying that
argentinia but I I wouldn't call them
libertarian that just seems like free
market that to me that just looks like
capitalism um so when you have a
Libertarian who is not in the government
you know being part of the important
conversation you can fairly easily
trigger them into cognitive dissonance
so I'm going to talk about a little uh
conversation I had online with Dave
Smith uh who goes by comic Dave Smith do
you all know him pretty pretty well
known in at least the conservative side
of the world yeah um so he do he does a
good product he's good on a lot of shows
and he's got his own podcast uh I would
recommend it he has great guests and he
has a libertar Libertarian point of view
that you should
see anyway um he he was talking on a
recent podcast that Netanyahu was aware
that supporting Hamas would basically
kill any chance of a two-state solution
and would lead
to something you know not exactly like
October 7th but that certainly it was
going to blow up and the notion is that
Netanyahu has said in public that uh he
was supporting
Hamas because you needed you needed it
to blow up worse so they could basically
get rid of this two-state solution thing
I hope I'm describing that about right I
think that's about right so the idea is
that Netanyahu always had a plan that
did include some uh death and
destruction to Israel but that his plan
would be in the longer term he wouldn't
have to have two states and they could
you know dominate the region and maybe
it would be safer or better in the long
run I guess that would be the argument
now I thought it was necessary to uh to
point out that netan if that was
netanyahu's plan which I do accept
because he said things in public
apparently that were like it and it
makes sense you know anecdotally
observationally kind of does look like
it now part of this also uh that Dave
Smith said was that Netanyahu did not
sufficiently defend Israel from the
October 7th attack and that perhaps that
was intentional as well that's too far
that's that's a little mind reading I
can't actually imagine Netanyahu
intentionally first of all knowing you
know the nature of how well it was
defended because it's not something the
prime minister is going to know in
detail so I doubt he knew that it was
that poorly defended and I definitely
doubt he gave any orders to poorly
defend it so I feel like that's a little
bit goes into the mind reading but you
you can't rule it out I can't rule it
out I just don't think it's an Evidence
however even without that part here's
the the important part is did Netanyahu
know that supporting Hamas you know
financially and politically would lead
to something so bad that it would allow
Netanyahu to
cynically uh get the control over the
region that he always wanted and I said
you know that might be a reasonable
interpretation but you have to it's
worth noting that his plan worked or
that it looks like it's working now does
anybody disagree with
that that if that was the plan we're
just taking that as our speculative
assumption the plan was to destroy the
possibility of a two-state
solution so that in the long run Israel
could control the area wouldn't you say
it's
working if that was the plan and again
you'd have to accept that as an
assumption but if that was the plan it's
working and then you would have to say
to yourself but what about the long term
you know maybe in the in the short term
there's you know lots of death and
destruction nobody likes but in the long
term do they come out ahead to which I
say you don't know you don't know I
don't know what the future looks like
like but I doubt it's giving control
back to the locals I don't think that's
going to
happen so I just wanted to put some
context there that you can say that he's
evil but you can't say that the plan
isn't working because you don't know and
you can't say that it won't work out for
the the best for Israel's perspective
not for Gaza but but that you can't say
it's not the best for Israel in the long
run because you don't know and it's
actually reasonable to assume might be
wrong but it's reasonable to assume that
there was no way to ever get peace with
a two-state solution I think that's true
I don't think there's any way to get
peace with a two-state solution but you
don't know it's an unknown so now was I
making a good point or not let let's
start with that is it a valid point that
if what he wanted to do was to kill the
two-state thing it looks like he did
it is that good so I thought that was
additive here's
uh
um and and I said I understand why you
don't like the plan obviously you don't
like the the Bloodshed and stuff like
that um so Dave Smith responded to
me um in a sarcastic way he said yes the
netanyahu's plan for supporting Hamas
worked to end the peace process risk and
only had the nasty little side effect of
107
October 7th and the current Mass
Slaughter campaign in Gaza but genius
Scott Adams sees no evidence that an
unprovable counterfactual wouldn't be
worse does that sound like word
salad let me read it again and see if
you understand what it
says but genius Scott Adams sees no
evidence that an unprovable
counterfactual wouldn't be worse so
unprovable is a negative counterfactual
is a negative and wouldn't is a so you
got three negatives and then worse is a
negative so I have four negatives in
that sentence so let's see no five
negatives I see no evidence negative
that an unprovable negative
counterfactual negative wouldn't
negative be worse negative I don't even
know what that
means all
right
uh now here's the problem did did comic
Dave Smith think that I thought that
October 7th uh wasn't
expensive does he think I missed the
news about October 7th so why did he
need to remind me that October 7th
happened as part of his point what what
did that add to the argument the one
thing that everybody
knows and everybody knows is part of the
conversation huh that seems
irrational and they talks about the
current Mass Slaughter campaign in Gaza
that's how he characterizes it am I
aware that a lot of people are dying in
Gaza and a lot of them are not
militants I think everybody
is did did he think I didn't include
that in my
calculation what are you thinking here
comic Dave
Smith so back to my point where I said
that progressives uh like plans that
look good on paper and here's coming
Dave Smith he's no Progressive he's a
more uh um what's that word
libertarian
but I had to check his uh background in
education sorry had to do it because he
was acting like an
artist you know what artists
do they they can't handle the risks and
the rewards both shortterm and long term
never can do it they they can talk about
what they see
they can talk about what looks good on
paper but you can't talk about the cost
in the Min the plus and minus near-term
and also the plus and minus longterm and
then come up with a net the only people
who can do that analysist tend to have
backgrounds in analytical stuff so if
somebody's a lawyer an engineer a
economist uh MBA probably trained to
make sure they don't leave out any
variables
if you're a if you are a uh I don't
think he has a college degree I didn't
see it uh mentioned but if you're a
comedian without that
background then you would have opinions
that look like comic Dave Smiths and
when challenged with a fairly obvious
statement that you should look at
whether the plan
succeeded before you talk about his
costs yes the costs everybody sees Gaz
is being destroyed October 7th we all
see that but what about the fact that
they did it for that Netanyahu had a
plan
allegedly and that plan seems to be
working perfectly
allegedly and that in the long run it's
probably the only thing that was
possible a one- state solution You could
argue that but at least it's co coherent
to imagine that he wanted to kill that
idea so I would say that this is another
example of
uh not just
progressives liking things that sound
good on paper here's something that
sounds good on paper you want me to
solve the problem with Gaza and Israel
it's easy you do a peace plan stop
fighting immediately then you get
together and you make a deal to rebuild
Gaza and then stop
fighting why can't we do that people why
why isn't that the easiest plan why are
we doing all these bad things when is so
simple stop shooting each other make
peace rebuild live in peace I don't
think it could be easier than
that but if you're a progressive or
apparently a Libertarian you are unable
to game out the long-term consequences
of any of your
decisions that's why there's no
libertarian
country because if you gamed it out it
would all go to there isn't a Poss
there isn't a single possibility that
libertarian system could work you know I
mean not
really so if it works on paper it only
looks good on paper it doesn't work in
the long run even on paper because it
doesn't get the uh incentives right so
comic Dave Smith is a uh I I think he's
a
plus so you know I'll have fun mocking
his opinions for being irrational which
they are but here's a plus I like that
he's part of the conversation I like
having the libertarian
point of view in everything I like the
anti-war point of view in everything and
uh so keep on pushing uh comic Dave
Smith I think you're a plus to the world
I just think you should be a little bit
more humble about your analytical
abilities that's all don't even you
don't even need to change your opinions
just be a little bit more humble about
your ability to analyze complicated
situations people without training are
not as good at it ladies and gentlemen
this concludes the best live stream
you're going to see today I got to go
off and do some other stuff I'm going to
try to say goodbye to the X and Rumble
and YouTube audience I had a little
technical difficulty yesterday but I
think I'm good now so thanks for joining
I'll see you same place
tomorrow