but um um
well well well the Summer of Love has
not been as much love as I'd hoped
but there's still a lot of it out there
I'm giving you some now comes with
coffee you know what the best kind of
love tastes like tastes like coffee and
you can have a little simultaneous sip
right now if you were smart enough
clever enough if you plan far enough in
advance if you love your coffee and
you've got it with you you know what
time it is it's time for coffee with
Scott Adams take a big breath oh exhale
now I know what you're thinking you saw
the title to this barricade periscope
and you said to yourself oh man he's
stepping in it now oh no don't talk
about cue the world is gonna fall apart
so let me frame this conversation before
I get into it number one the people who
follow cue and believe that it is
dispensed to wisdom are in my opinion
smarter than the average person so let's
just start there and I think that's true
because it tends to be people who like
to solve puzzles people who are smart
enough to be on the Internet
people are smart enough to you know what
Q is talking about smart enough to try
to put Clues together etc now I'm not
saying all the smart people are on one
side I'm just saying that in my opinion
it would be very true that if you were
to measure the IQs of the people
following Q they would probably be very
high compared to the average so that's
the first thing the second thing is you
can't prove a negative meaning that
there's nothing I could tell you
that you would say oh okay that's proof
there there's proof that there is
nothing to cue I could never do that so
what I'm going to teach you to do
instead is how to look at situations
like this so I'm going to give you a
general framework which you could apply
to the cue analysis or you could apply
it to any other situation that might
seem similar it'll be the same way of
thinking there is no certainty in this
world but I will give you a framework
for trying to decide what you think
about Q let us go to the whiteboard yeah
you didn't know there was gonna be a
whiteboard surprised its whiteboard time
alright here are the following factors
which you should consider I'll go over
them roughly in some kind of order let's
start with this I would say religion has
a lot in common with people who follow Q
and I don't mean this it is a religion I
mean there's something to learn from the
comparison for each religion you will
find lots of smart people who say the
evidence for my religion is unambiguous
here's my holy book here are the things
that predicts here are the things that's
happening there you go proof and how
could a billion people be wrong right
the problem is that there is not one
religion there are lots of religions and
each of the people in those religions is
quite convinced convinced to the point
that they would die for their religion
but their different religions and they
believe different things so even if one
of those religions have got it right
best-case scenario four out of five
people in the world have no idea what
reality is because they're they have the
wrong religion they don't even know the
big questions about
or something so best-case scenario very
smart people and and up to a billion of
them can be part of an organization that
has absolutely convinced the evidence is
incontrovertible and still be wrong
right if somebody's right it means that
all the other people who have different
religions are wrong so just keep that in
mind does that tell you anything about
QED no I'm not claiming that that by
itself tells you anything about QED it's
just a framework to keep in your mind
about how wrong smart people can be and
lots of them I mean we're talking up to
a billion could be just wrong and also
pretty smart unnamed sources whenever
you see a source that is a secret source
what are the odds that is real if you
watch fake news and I'm sure you do you
know that the unnamed source tends to be
the unreliable one now that's not true
every time for example Watergate had a
unnamed source for a long time
eventually that person was named but for
a long time it was an unnamed source and
was right but the odds are if you've
been paying attention to the world that
the unnamed source most of the time is
not true now does that mean the queue is
not true because it's an unnamed source
no it doesn't mean that it just means
that most of the time when you see a
situation like that it's not credible
one of the things that I've been asked
is to prove a negative
to prove that Q is not valid or not what
they say they are or just in some way
illegitimate you can't really do that
nobody can prove something doesn't exist
for example I could prove that a UFO was
real if it landed in my yard and I took
samples and took pictures and the news
crews came that you could prove that
something does exist because there it is
but you can't prove that there is an
alien and you just haven't seen it
nobody can prove that or nobody can
prove that they don't exist I mean right
so we have a situation where the people
who are not so sure about Q are asked to
prove it doesn't exist
well that's not a thing that's not a
thing nobody could do that one of the
things you see with things that are not
true is what I'll call the cult defense
and the cult defense goes like this for
Allah say if you're in a cult the cult
leader will say people are going to tell
you this is a cult they don't have your
best interests in mind don't believe
them when they come and tell you you
should leave the cult all cults have
that in common what are people telling
you about Jack pasaba pasaba k-- and me
and kurt Schlichter and some other
people who were saying humic you might
not be real people are saying you told
us you told us that you'd be saying this
what is that it's the cult defense where
do you see that other than in a cult
maybe you've seen this somewhere maybe
but i can't think of any place other
than a cult so this doesn't tell you
that q is not true but it does tell you
that they're using the defense that our
call to users and the cult is based on
something that's not real but that's not
proof that's just we're looking for
patterns here let's see what we can
learn let's keep going have you heard of
the Bible Code years ago and it was
quite a few years ago there was a book
called the Bible Code and the idea was
that the words as they're organized in
the Bible did did more than just tell
you what the words were saying but they
were organized in this special way
God had intended so that there were
codes embedded in the Bible and there
were many codes given as examples and it
would be stuff like this this is roughly
what it was they'd say if you go to this
page in the Bible and you look at the
first letter of each word on the and
then sometimes there were algorithms
like you first you take the first letter
of this word but the second letter of
this word and they would come up with
various ways to look at the words that
would actually come up with messages and
sure enough there would be like full
sentence fragments and I don't remember
any of them specifically but it might be
something like bridge falls down 1987
and then somebody would look in the news
and say oh my god
there was a bridge that collapsed in
1987 I'm making up the examples but the
the point is that people later found
that you could run these algorithms
against any big book like war and peace
and you get other sentence fragments
that look like they came from God so the
Bible Code taught us that you can find
amazing coincidences in things that are
just ordinary things that really are not
inspired by God they're not that that
not the truth of the world so when
people say hey look at all the things
that QED got right keep in mind that's
the same thing that people said about
the Bible code
they said it can't possibly be wrong
because look at all the things they got
right okay
last night I was with my lovely and
beautiful girlfriend Christina and we
were watching a comedian on television
you know it was a stand-up act and in
the stand-up act
the comedian did a thing where she would
use a made-up name as if she were
talking to a real person and she looks
at the screen and she goes bla bla bla
bla
Scot she's looking right at me in my
television and she uses my name and of
course Christian night laughs we go
that's funny I'm watching the TV and the
person on TV is looking at me and she
goes Scott it was just kind of funny a
few moments later the same comedian on
the same show looked at the screen again
and said a different first name for a
different male who happened to be
Kristina's ex who we would just talk to
so one of the odds that this comedian
would look at the TV and say my name
when I'm sitting next to Christina and
then say her ex's name that we had just
talked him what are the odds of that and
didn't use any other name so those were
the two names now the odds of it are in
some cases you know you'd say the oh
well the odds are very low of that very
thing happening but the odds of some
coincidence happening somewhere in my
experience was close to 100% because you
live in a world where coincidences are
happening all the time you just can't
pick the exact one so if you see a lot
of things happening that look like an
amazing coincidence is that evidence
that something is true well it wasn't
evidence that this stand-up comedian was
a psychic and was talking to me
personally what is sure a look like it I
just know that it wasn't let's talk
about the invisible elephant rule this
is something I invented on my own but I
think you'll see the truth of it if you
have two people in a little room let's
say it's a little room with no doors and
no windows smallish room there's only
two people in it one of the people says
there's an elephant in here with us look
it's right there in the little room
there it's just us doing and this giant
elephant and the other person in the
room says
I don't see an elephant and the first
one says right here right here touch it
look elephant and the other person goes
I don't see an elephant which of those
two is the crazy one
the person who positively sees the
elephant or the person who's looking at
exactly the same place at exactly the
same time and doesn't see it well pretty
much every time it's going to be the
person who thinks they see the elephant
the person who's hallucinating doesn't
not see stuff so for example you've
never heard of a hallucination of
someone who could see all the furniture
in the room except chairs have you ever
heard of that kind of illness where you
can see everything in the room but for
some reason you have chair blindness you
just can't see chairs that's not a thing
if you have two people one is seeing
something and the other is looking at
the same stuff and doesn't see it
the person who sees it is the crazy one
all right this is a really good rule
you'll see this a lot okay Q is a bunch
of evidence that a lot of people have
looked at and a lot of people see it and
say this is real I mean how could it not
be real but a lot of people look at it
and they say I'm looking right at this
and that's what that was my experience
I'm looking right at it I'm looking at
the same thing you're looking at and
there's nothing there I'm not saying
that what you're looking at is wrong I'm
saying there's nothing there
i it's an empty room I don't say
anything so you have the elephant in the
room situation with Q some people are
looking at the same evidence and see the
elephant other people who are also sane
are looking at the evidence and see no
elephant at all who is usually the the
one who's wrong in that situation I
don't want to say crazy because that's
not what we're taught
and about we're not talking about actual
craziness here but the one who doesn't
see it if they're especially if there
are lots of them is usually going to be
the one that's right okay and there's a
reason for that I'll get to it a moment
now there's a crowd effect whenever you
see other people agreeing with you are
you more likely to double down or are
you more likely to question your opinion
obviously if more people are agreeing
with you and you're part of a group you
you convince yourself because the people
close to you and and doing what you're
doing or coming to similar opinions
that's also the the cult effect you
separate people from others that's very
important to form a cult if you ever
want to form a cult I'm telling you
exactly how you want to make sure that
they lose contact with the rest of the
world and that they just communicate
with their people who agree with them
and it hardens their conviction so
people who have been following Q are
spending more time with other Q people
they're doing their own Q research and
they're hardening their opinion so even
contra I'll say evidence that would
disprove their point of view or at least
would work against it they're a little
bit more resistant because they're
they're part of the group all right
that's just a general statement that
when you're part of a group whether it's
Trump supporters or Democrats it doesn't
matter what group you're talking about
as soon as you identify with the group
you're you're very resistant to any new
information that would disprove your
opinion what's the difference between
reality and confirmation bias well they
are different one is reality and the
other one is you think something's true
but isn't because of confirmation bias
can you tell the difference at you as an
individual do you ever know if you're
seeing reality clearly or if you
personally are experiencing confirmation
bias in which you think you're seeing
reality clearly but you're not can you
tell the difference
that's what it is confirmation bias is
the inability to tell the difference
between things you think are true and
what is true who among us are subject to
confirmation bias a hundred percent of
us a hundred percent of the world all
people were all wired that way we can't
change it
you can't think past it you can't be
smart enough to see past it we're all
stuck in this world where confirmation
bias effectively is our personal
realities because that's what we think
is true the people in queue who are
believers say it must be true because I
could certainly tell the difference
between stuff that's true this stuff
it's obvious versus confirmation bias I
would never be so fooled that I would
think something is true and and be wrong
that that opinion is a failure to
understand the basic wiring of human
beings your level of certainty about
your reality is not any kind of evidence
of anything it has no evidence of
anything because certainty and
confirmation bias to us look exactly the
same all right if you have an opinion
and there are no smart people who
disagree well that's pretty good
evidence that you might be on the right
track that's not proof that you're right
but it would be good to have some smart
people on your side let's let's take
more people and experts I'm going to
lump them together there are people in
this world whose jobs are to sort out
truth from BS it's their actual
professional job they would be such as
you know FBI police reporters
investigative reporters and to a lesser
extent people like me so one of my
hobbies as you know and also I do it
professionally now it was talking about
persuasion and
people being fooled so I'm kind of an
expert you could argue my credentials I
suppose but you know I've done a lot of
writing and it's my main topic of
professional work and I'm an expert at
sorting out scams and BS from your
reality now does that make me right all
the time no it does not it doesn't mean
I'm right all the time it doesn't mean
I'm even right about anything I say
about Q but it is true that I'm an
expert at it
telling BS from reality and there are
lots of other people who have different
level different types of expertise but
they're also good at sorting out the
real from the unreal law enforcement
investigative reporters etc are there
any of those people who believe in Q
there might be but I'm not aware of any
are there any invest is there anybody at
the New York Times who's looked into and
said yeah I think this is true is there
anybody on any news channel Fox News
near Drudge Report Breitbart is there
anybody who is an expert as sorting out
BS from reality who is willing to say
that Q is real maybe but you know
because I can't prove a negative right
so if there is one I just don't know
about it that would be surprising and
interesting my guess is that there is
somebody like that
but it's probably like an 85 year old
retired service person who used to be an
Intel but maybe is losing their mind or
something you know if you have that kind
of expert you know you put your own
filter on that alright let's move on
economics I am a an economics major
I majored in economics and I one of the
reasons that I liked economics is that
it's a predictive
kind of a field it doesn't predict
long-term it's not good at that but you
can understand the world better if you
understand money and if you can imagine
that there's somebody like aq who knows
things before they happen what would
they do with that knowledge well the
first thing they'd do is they'd sell it
because in theory whatever it is that Q
knows is insanely valuable and somebody
would buy that and if they bought it
they wouldn't want you to be giving it
away for free at the same time so
somebody could make trades based on it
they could they could sell the
information to opponents political
opponents this the value of what Q
purports to know should be in the many
millions of dollars so the fact that
it's being given away for free doesn't
prove it's not real doesn't prove that
but it's very unusual in this world for
someone to have something that valuable
that they give away for free
very unusual could happen possible very
unusual we talked about no experts
agreeing look for things that are mapped
to the Past very well but not predictive
somebody mentioned earlier that Q said
something like 5 : 5 and that that's
some kind of a I don't know there's a
military background for what that means
q used it and then later the president
tweeted 5 out of 5 for the election and
so Q says aha I see there's no way that
could be a coincidence
I said 5 v : 5 the president said 505
there we go that's proof than unreal but
here's the problem real would have
looked like this on this day the
president is going to tweet the
numbers had queued on that I would say Q
knows what he's talking about
a lot and somebody's talking about also
the plus plus plus tweet there was a
time when Q put three pluses plus plus
plus and then there was a tweet where
the president had plus plus plus now
that's the Bible code folks if Q says
enough things and the president says
enough things and the world doesn't of
things you're always going to find
something this has look that's what I
said it's just like the so the point is
if you see specific and real predictions
in which when you read the prediction
you know exactly what's going to happen
that's credible so when I told you that
candidate Trump who nobody thought I had
a chance was going to get elected I told
you why because of his persuasion
talents and then you watched it happen
that was a case of a prediction ahead of
the event when I told you a year ago
that North Korea was probably closer to
peace than more and that things probably
could turn turn good there very quickly
and I described exactly what that would
look like that was a prediction and that
it happened and you could say okay
prediction occurrence I can I can put
some credibility on that yes
q says a lot of things and then later
one of them or more of them you see in
the reality that doesn't tell you
anything because the things that Q says
are not predictions per se they're just
lots of things they say and then
sometimes reality serves up those things
that's it it feels predictive but it's
not it's it's actually matching to the
past if you study magicians and fake
psychics they do something called a cold
read have you heard of a cold read it's
it's where somebody pretending to be a
psychic says general things that are
good guesses and a good guess
would be something like did you have you
have a relative I see her she's wearing
a long white dress down to the ankles
her hair is up in a bun I think her name
starts with that M is it a Mary
Magdalene and then the person they're
talking to go Meredith Meredith I have a
grandmother named Meredith and I have an
old photo of her and she had brown hair
and her hair was up in a bond all of
these things are guessable
and if and if none of them had had hit a
you know hit any kind of a note with the
person listening
the fake psychic would have said no it's
not a white dressed and it would would
have just gone onto something else to
try to get a hit q is a lot like a cold
read that doesn't mean it's a magic
trick but it's suspiciously like one and
again you have to look at all the all of
the framework together don't look at any
one thing then there's the magician's
trick and the fake psychics could use
this as well and it goes like this
if you can get a few things right people
will think the other things you say are
also right this is very important if Q
can get a few things legitimately right
people will think the other things are
also right so in order for Q to
absolutely totally sell itself it only
needed to know a few things and then you
would think the other things were true
as well now is it possible that Q could
have found out a few things that that
they knew before the public knew them
absolutely totally true does that mean
that everything that Q says is true no
there's those are different things so Q
might actually have some some sources of
information that you don't have that
doesn't mean that they are what they say
they are or that all the things they say
are true just means they might have a
few things that are true
which would totally sell you on the rest
of it being true even if it wasn't now
if Q were real if Q were what is
presented as being real would the
government number one not know who they
were
you was do you think that's even
slightly possible that the government
doesn't already know who they are of
course they do there's a hundred percent
chance just based on the way the world
works that that somebody in the
government FBI or whoever does this
stuff looked into it
knows exactly who they are and decided
it wasn't important because otherwise
they would either shut them down or they
would or they make an announcement to
say don't listen to them or they put
them in jail or something but the fact
that the government is completely
ignoring this should tell you that
they've almost certainly looked into it
and don't think it's real alright that
should tell you a lot now some of you
remember I left you a little puzzle and
I thought it would be fun to put the
answer to Q in a puzzle because the
people who follow Q or they like
researching solving puzzles and some
people accuse me of having a faith
puzzle in which there was no actual
answer and I said that I might not even
tell you the answer to the puzzle and so
you you may never know but I've decided
to tell you the answer to the puzzle and
I'll remind you what it was I gave you
three sets of initials
jpk SSA and I said find the pattern and
if you find the pattern you would know
something about the nature of Q and some
people quite cleverly said hey these are
initials of three people who have
recently come out and said that Q is not
what it presents itself to be you saw
Jack Pacific curse like Schlichter I
don't know if I'm pronouncing anybody's
names right except my own and Scott
Adams but just the fact that three
people came out
had a similar opinion is that enough to
give you any confidence on anything now
by itself
but what is there about the three of us
jack is on here he's telling me I got a
right Paso vaq what is there about the
three of us that's different from their
the the common person now I'm not
talking about oh we're all white males
blah blah nothing nothing about our
physicality nothing about our DNA
nothing about our education etc there's
something that the three of us have in
common though ordinary people don't have
do you know what it is yet I'm going to
give you a moment to see if anybody got
it because if you did it would be more
fun if one of you got it before I say it
I'm just looking at your fat gatherers
blowhards famoust we lucked we write
fiction high IQs no nope nothing experts
no information mark ah all right we have
a winner
mark you got it the three of us have
sources that you don't have and what is
the other thing about those sources that
we all have in common we can't tell you
what they are so the three people who
say that q isn't real we all have
sources that you don't have and it's
because of the nature of our work so
people are always sending me insider
information about things usually doesn't
have any any use to the outside world
often it's just my god that's true I
can't believe that so the three of us
are in the situation where we're
continually getting insider information
from all kinds of different
most of the time that doesn't make any
difference is just fascinating but my
view of the world in yours are pretty
different because I've heard things seen
things I know things that you'll never
know this is undoubtedly true of anybody
who does what any of the three of us do
we're all receiving insider information
all the time
so and the nature of that information is
I can't tell you that I know it in many
cases I couldn't even tell you what I
know but even if I did I certainly
couldn't tell you who told me and lots
of times telling you what I know would
also tell you who told me so consider
that none of the three of us think you
is real and what else did we have in
common
none of the three of us presented
information now it might be that none of
the three of us have any insider
information but you wouldn't know but
what are the chances that none of us
know who Q is if you said one of us has
insider information and doesn't think Q
is real
I'd say well that person could be wrong
but now there are three of us all three
of us have really good sources
I'm just saying I got you you know you
you will never know what we know or who
has talked to us or what we can't tell
you but you should take something from
that
all right let's wrap wrap this point all
up so my point has been that let me
summarize the people who follow Q are in
my opinion above-average intelligence
there also have the right intentions
they have good intentions that are smart
they're good Patriots they mean well I
have very high opinion of them that said
they're also people and human beings are
subject to all the same biases and
forces no matter how smart they are no
matter how well-intentioned if you look
at all of these things together you'll
see the framework that I put on it on
top of the fact that you have to wonder
why people who have really good sources
about things are all on the same page so
think about this framework it does not
mean that I have proved a negative
because I can't in this case it means I
can't prove that Q doesn't have secret
information that's predicting the future
I can't prove aliens don't exist I can't
prove Bigfoot isn't real I can't prove
the latent Loch Ness monster isn't real
I can't really prove Santa Claus isn't
real that one might be a little easier
because the physics but the point is
nobody can be certain of anything but if
you believe in Q once you have this
context I would say you're believing in
something as a very low chance of being
real but it might be you never know so
if you want to if you want to retain
your belief in Q if it's entertaining if
it helped you go down a path of research
the productive if it causes you to learn
more about your government or have a new
appreciation for something if it if it
helped you bond with other people who
are like-minded I see no harm in any of
that
the point that I did make is that when
you put on your cue hats and shirts and
attend a trump rally you're giving the
people you would consider the enemy the
press which doesn't like Trump
supporters you're giving them an easy
target that's not what you intend if if
the reason that you follow Q is because
you're pro Trump anti deep state at then
you should live that and living it would
mean doing what's good for your brand
and making sure it succeeds that's
separate from whether you spend your
time you know
consuming Q stuff and researching it and
talking with other people
I see no I see no harm from that I've
never heard of any Q supporter showing
up with a gun to kill somebody I've
never heard of anything dangerous that
came out of it and maybe you learn
something along the way
so I already gave you the answer to the
puzzle so you may be joining us late so
with all due respect to the Q followers
again I think you're well-intentioned
above average and intelligence but you
are human beings right you're not exempt
from all the forces that affect all of
us just know that and that's going to be
my topic for today I'm gonna join Bill
Mitchell later on his show so make sure
you join us on that not sure exactly
when it's airing but I'll be talking
with Bill pulled a and Bill Mitchell and
we'll give you some updates and some of
the ideas that are already coming out
for the blight Authority and helping the
urban areas I hope you all join us for
that and I'll talk to you later