buh-buh-buh-buh-buh hey everybody come
on in here this will be a quick one so
I've got something that's sort of
exciting I hope it's exciting for you
too
so as we're watching the hurricane
Florence approached the coast and hoping
everybody gets out of there if you're
anywhere near they are hurricane get out
get out run for your life or at least
make sure you're very safe but it made
me think that my startup when hub has
somewhat accidentally designed a product
that would allow anybody to be a an
instant video reporter if they happen to
be around the scene of any disaster or
major news event and I wanted to show
you how easy that would be so all you
need is the interface app that's free
it's in the Apple Store the Google store
download it it's free when you open it
up it says you can be an expert or find
an expert if you want to be an expert
let's say you want to be a reporter
who's on scene and can just point point
your phone and stuff and get paid for it
there's a place where you just play your
expertise so if it's let's let's say you
had to be on site when when Florence was
over but there's still a lot of flooding
it's safe you've got a cell connection I
hope you have a cell connection and you
you're gonna be there anyway you know
alright if you don't have to be there
don't be there and don't go there just
to take pictures but what I'm telling
you is if you happen to be there and
there's something interesting whether
it's hurricane Florence or you happen to
be at a protest or there's some
something newsworthy a big fire for
example you could just go into the
interface by one hub app it's free and
just set your price so you just type in
I will go live with you for $100 an hour
five dollars an hour whatever it is and
then your expertise just put in in this
case the Florence
hurricane reporter and you can also tap
your to update your profile and put in
some more more words about your on site
and you could take some pictures of
people wants now this product is made
for one-to-one so an individual can
contact you and say hey I'd like to I'd
like to see what it looks like from
somebody who's actually there on the
ground and yeah it would pay I paid $25
for that I'd do that maybe just 15
minutes but I'd paid $25 for that and
you hit it if the other person answers
they're making $25 for 15 minutes of
talking to you and pointing the phone
and stuff so that you can you can see
what they see now there's nothing to
prevent news organizations from also
calling you so you would imagine that a
lot of large and small news
organizations they're always starved for
new video so when there's a disaster
they have their own cameras there but
they they love it when they can get some
submissions somebody took some video etc
and instead of going through the
channels or trying to figure out well I
took a video but how would I get this to
CNN or to somebody who would would play
it instead just sign onto the interface
app but you know hurricane or Florence
or whatever the situation is as your
expertise and wait for people to call
you now if they call they've got a few
minutes of grace period before billing
starts so you could make sure that each
or there are real but then at that point
you can charge CNN for calling your
phone and pointing it in the direction
of the the fire now they'd probably want
to record it and they wouldn't get a
great picture because it would be off a
phone but they would definitely use it
or somebody would use it so and we
didn't we didn't make the
for this it's really made for any
situation where two people want to want
to talk they're not in the same place
and one of them has a good enough reason
to charge the other one so it could be
as simple as somebody charging to have
lunch with you you could just you could
just say I'm available for a
conversation let's have lunch
twenty dollars an hour just turn on the
phone and put it in front of your bowl
of soup and I'll I'll talk to you while
you're having lunch so there's no
there's no limitation on how to use it
we branded it as being for experts but
expert for us means for us expert means
whatever whatever you have that somebody
wants to see somebody wants to hear so I
think I'll keep this one short because I
just wanted to get that idea out there
that if you use the interface by when
Hub app you can set your own price and
if you happen to be near or something
that's newsworthy people will find you
if I see any any of those Florence or or
hurricane keywords I'll probably call
them myself partly because I'm you know
just testing the product and I like to
use it as much as possible so so if you
don't get a call from CNN you might get
a call from me because I'll be looking
to call in but you know make sure you're
actually unseen of something interesting
yeah it's so it's limited to one to one
but in the case of a news agency they
would know how to take the video off a
device and broadcast it you just have to
give them permission I would assume I
mean you don't have to but that would be
good good for him if he gave them
permission so someday will be one too
many but at the moment it's one to one
and the news agency would know how to
take their end and and broadcast it so
to answer your question about censorship
I'll just give you the the big picture
the interface app was built
so you can pay in crypto our own crypto
called the web which you can purchase
I'll have to talk more about that later
but some of the web comes with the
product so the moment you sign up you've
got a you've got some for free those do
not go through a bank so if you are if
you're paying with the cryptocurrency
and somebody has agreed to accept it
they have to accept either cash via a
credit card or crypto or both but if
they accept it then there was no bank in
that transaction so that that's your
general answer to the to the censorship
question otherwise it's a private call
so it's the same censorship that face
time would have it's the same censorship
as a phone call would have it's a it's a
private call between two individuals so
we would hope that people do legal
things but we're not going to be we're
not going to be watching your call
alright and I remind you that earlier
today I banned Alex Jones from the
interface app he can still use it just
don't tell me about it Alex I thought it
would be good publicity if I banned him
so I'm banning the hell out of him I'm
banning everybody I can ban if I can get
some free press alright
but Alex you could still use it if you
want all right I'll talk to you later
bye