[Music]
[Music]
good morning
everybody oh god I've got to figure out
how to stop doing
that I'll get it
together well welcome to coffee with
Scott Adams a highlight of your entire
life if you'd like to take this
experience up to Saturday weekend levels
all you need is a copper muger glass a
tanker chalice or Stein a canteen Jugger
flasa vessel of any kind fill it with
your favorite liquid many of us like
coffee join me now for the unparallel
pleasure with the dopamine head of the
day the thing that makes everything
better it's called the simultaneous Sip
and it happens now
go oh man aren't you happy it's the
weekend
audio is working thank you
Paul good to know well let's talk about
all the
things of course we will get to the big
Russian disaster and all of that stuff
but uh some warm-up first these are
warm-up stories these will just get you
going drink some coffee and feel good
about this Brian relli uh posts that
there's a uh
new study about how much energy we could
unlock underneath the Earth apparently
there are these super hot rock
geothermal structures that are all over
the world in different places and you
can just uh drill down and get into it
and it would be enough energy just
because the heat from it they could use
the heat to convert energy and uh it
would be enough to basically power the
world many times over completely clean
zero
emissions it just
underground now do any does anybody
remember it was maybe 15 years ago it
was a while ago I was blogging that the
greatest technology of the future would
be holes does everybody remember
that because I I remember that when I uh
that when I made it it sounded like the
least important prediction but at the
time I thought you know if we could ever
figure out how to really efficiently dig
holes everything would be different you
know you'd be able to build Underground
Gardens you you know just everything
just you'd get free energy water water
would be abundant you just got to be
able to make
holes yeah so musk has his whole making
company but you need you need one also
that goes just straight down you know
one that just drills like crazy mean you
could argue that
fracking is basically a whole technology
in a way drill a hole but make it better
because you Frack you know get a little
extra out of it yeah digging holes is
the most important technology of the
future it just sounds
funny anyway I was speculating the other
day after getting a lot of troll
activity that uh you ever wonder what it
would be like if Albert Einstein were
live today and had a social media
account like what would that be if
Einstein had social media I feel it
would be like that Einstein would you
know have an idea and he'd post it he'd
be like eals
mcÂ² and then the comments would come in
and the first troll they hit the
Einstein account would say I used to
think you were smart no wonder you're
divorced buy a
comb that's how I imagine it would be
for Einstein if he had social
media well Mir Miranda deine is uh
reporting that uh the
CIA stopped the feds from interviewing
Hunter Biden's uh quote sugar bro the
guy that keeps giving Hunter Biden lots
of money when he needs it why would the
CIA prevent the feds from interviewing
somebody who seems quite Central to the
understanding of the whole Hunter Biden
situation well the obvious
reason so so the mic bends the
theory that Hunter should be viewed as a
CIA asset and that while he was making
his own money over there in brisman
Ukraine and other places that he was
probably part of a larger operation in
which the CIA and the military
intelligence were trying to rest the the
uh energy resources away from from
Ukraine so that Putin wouldn't have
it so yeah it's exactly what you think
uh Biden
Hunter probably his dad or probably I
would my guess is that Joe Biden has
been a CIA asset for the longest time
because apparently he had that job you
know when he was a Senator one of his
committee jobs was the one that's sort
of the obvious CIA
asset so every everything is basically
points in the same direction 100% of
everything we see points in the
direction that the bidens are just part
of the deep State
CIA
apparatus and then maybe all of our
presidents in recent times have just
been CIA approved presidents that's my
guess there's a report that uh there's a
big increase in uh
polyamory and it's not
polygamous so it's not like marrying
more than one person they're just these
situations where you know three people
can be
married not married necessarily but
living as a thruple instead of a couple
and apparently this is on the
rise and it makes perfect sense to me I
I believe what you're going to see and
maybe I'm just predicting what's already
happening I think you're going to see
people
forming um let's say collections of
complimentary interests almost like
little
tribes so in my own life I'm I'm sort of
you know drifting into that same
situation in which um I have a smallest
group of people that you know the people
I like the most family Etc
and it's a sort of a non-traditional
collection of people who
just like being with each other
and if you're with people who like being
with each other and they have let's say
complimentary benefits that they could
you know do so for example there's some
people who know how to do one thing some
people know how to do another thing and
are willing to do it um I believe that
although I will agree with you the
traditional family
structure is the best if you can make
that
work the traditional family does seem to
be the best deal when you can make it
work I just think that the percentage of
people who will be able to make that
work is going to decrease every year and
then we need something you know some
kind of a backup plan for all the people
for whom that won't work because it's
going to be so many people because you
don't want a bunch of single men
wandering around looking for trouble you
don't want a bunch of women who would
have preferred to have children or some
kind of a structure and just couldn't
get one it's pretty unhealthy for
society so I think you get to find a
whole bunch of situations where small
groups of people get together I'll make
another prediction you know how um I
guess the cost of having a what they
call the American dream you know the
American dream is what is it two two or
three kids
and uh a nice house in the suburbs and a
job or
something apparently the cost of that is
I know three and a half million dollars
now so the the average person is going
to have a real tough
time achieving anything like the
American
dream and they'll know it so what are
you going to do well there is something
that's shaping up that in my opinion is
a natural
solution I think there's going to be a
lot of larger homes you know multiple
bedroom homes that a lot of senior
citizens are going to be leaving because
they don't need them anymore or because
they die
and so there's going to be a glut of
larger Homes at the same time there's
going to be a decrease in families that
would be the natural residence of those
homes so I think what you're going to
see is uh people organized so that they
basically are several roommates in a big
house because nobody can afford a whole
house but you'll automatically have a
babysitter uh maybe you'll have one dog
for the house so there's always somebody
to keep the dog company and vice versa
so I think you going to find that big
houses with multiple people and maybe
you might even see it happening before
the senior citizen leaves so it might be
a an 80-year-old in the master bedroom
and three college students living
downstairs you know could be something
like that you going see a lot more of
that all right Candace Owens as you know
part of Wes with the daily wire sounds
like it was the daily wire's decision
not hers it's still a little bit unclear
what the issue was is that true you know
heard it's she wasn't as supportive
about Israel I've heard it with some
specific interviews or specific points
of views um but do you I don't know if
it's one
thing does it seem like it's one thing
let me tell you what I know from being a
public figure when you see a story that
shows that Candace owens's a public
figure and the daily wire a bunch of
public figures where they're having some
kind of dispute here's the one thing I
can tell you with total certain
certainty you and I will never know the
truth you and I will never not
ever understand exactly what what went
on right because it's usually there's
usually at least one part of these
situations that nobody wants to talk
about like there might actually be
something that nobody's even mentioned
that was the really the big deal who
knows uh maybe it was opportunistic they
wanted to do it anyway but they waited
for you know waited for something that
sounded like a good reason could be
anything so if you think you understand
it almost certainly you don't almost
certainly you don't now I wish uh I wish
well to all the entities involved
here but as always I like to make the
news about
me whenever I read a news story I think
how can I twist this so the most
important person in the story is somehow
me that's just what I do I can't say
it's a good thing I'm not proud of it
but it's going to happen it's going to
happen right now so one of the things I
learned when looking into this whole
Candace situation oh by the way she's uh
going to be out in
locals so Candace is moving uh to locals
and uh one more reason for you to be a
local
subscriber um and I can tell you from my
own experience that locals has been a
lifesaver if if locals didn't exist
thank you Dave ruin um I could not have
been as outspoken as I was and certainly
would not have been I probably wouldn't
have taken the chance of getting
canceled if I knew I didn't have
something to fall back on I probably
wouldn't have been as I was
spoken so I think Dave Rubin deserves
some kind of free
speech um award I don't know if there is
such a thing but but the fact that he
cread locals with others of course but
um creating locals and giving away that
people like Candace and people like me
can you know at least have some way to
stay attached to our some part of our
career um is huge it's really gigantic
I'll give uh Dave double credit because
it was only a few days before that he
had been saying on social media that he
and Candice in his I think the way he
said it was was that they were no longer
friends
was it about Israel I forget so but but
they
were you know disagreeing on content
enough that it was
personal uh and Dave immediately said no
that you know that's that's not going to
stop her going to locals because the
whole point of locals is that people
like Candace and like me can get a voice
so congratulations again to Dave Rubin
for being completely consistent on free
speech and supporting it in a way that
is way more important than I think he
gets credit for so I'll say it again if
there's any kind of like free speech
award it probably is he's got to be in
the running just for creating one of the
greatest Free Speech tools
available anyway so one of the things I
learned to look at this was that
apparently the ADL had gone after
Candace and something in me just snapped
because I like Candace and and um you
know which is different from agreeing
with everything she says right we're all
adults we know we can disagree and still
like
somebody I'm not sure what I disagree
with I'm just I have a vague memory
there must be something I disagree with
so when the ADL went after Candace has
sort of triggered my uh my own
experience because the ADL went after me
imagine getting cancelled and having the
ADL say oh by the way he's a holocaust
denier
[Laughter]
how would you like your week to go that
way oh you've been cancelled worldwide
all of your books have been pulled
forever and you'll never appear in
another newspaper oh and by the way the
ADL says you're a you're a holocaust
dener I'm not a holocaust
denier that's crazy talk it's pure crazy
talk now so they would have to cace now
you should be aware that the ADL days
support um people who are Jewish who are
getting bad treatment that's sort of the
the dumb guy's explanation of what the
ADL is now they don't work for Israel
you all know that right like they're not
they're not an employee of Israel
they're an American entity but um
pro-israel of course because they're
pro-jewish but here's the thing Israel
could turn them off if they wanted
to would you agree if Israel said we
just of how this group they're all a
bunch of racists they couldn't really
operate now I do know that Israel is not
unified in their opinion of the ADL
there there are critics there but um I
just saw them go after Candice um I'm
sure unfairly I don't even know that I
don't even need to know the details
because I don't consider them a
legitimate entity I believe that they're
just a Democrat attack dog and that what
really mattered is that Candice was not
Pro Biden if she had been Pro Biden they
wouldn't have gone after her it's as
simple as that so they are a totally
corrupt
organization and their leader is I don't
know about anybody else they might have
a bunch of good people in the
organization let me say that it's just
their leader is corrupt uh in the sense
that he doesn't seem to be doing what he
was hired to do he seems to be some kind
of political
operative and so because of that I've
decided to remove my support for Israel
entirely uh as you know I wouldn't say
that I supported their move into uh Gaza
my take was there's nothing you can do
about it and if it happened to you you
do the same thing that's not exactly
support it's more
observation but uh not that my
supportive Israel will make any
difference to anybody but I can't in
good conscience support somebody who is
letting their attack dog attack me and
people I
like now people said to me Scot how does
this even make sense if you admit that
the ADL is a separate entity it has
nothing to do with you know Gaza or
Israel or anything you know they just
have this
connection why would why would you
remove your support from
Israel just because you think the ADL is
corrupt and the answer is in this
analogy because people said to me Scott
if you don't like cake why are you
boycotting
cupcakes no why why are you boycotting
ice cream because cake and ice cream are
not the same thing so if you're mad at
cake why are you boycotting ice cream
that's a bad analogy but people are
saying that to me here's the correct
analogy if my
pitbull uh is off leash every day and it
goes into your yard and it attacks you
and mauls
you if it does it once that's a tragic
mistake and probably I have some
liability but you blame the
dog if I let that dog off leash and
every single day it it goes onto your
yard and attacks you and mauls you by
the third time that dog has attacked you
because I leave it off leash is that the
dog's problem is the problem the dog or
is the problem of Me no your problem as
my neighbor is me cuz I let my attack
dog attack you three times in a row am I
right doeses anybody disagree with that
if I have the power to stop the dog and
I choose not
to that's on me it's not the dog the ADL
in this analogy is the attack dog they
are they are the Pitbull attack dog of
the
Democrats Israel does not directly
control them but they can turn
them off anytime they want all it would
take is for the government to say we
remove all support from this
organization we we regard them racist
and we want nothing to do with them
unless they change their leadership now
they could do
that and they don't have to I mean I
don't put any pressure on them because
I'm not important in any way to Israel
but I can't in good conscience be
supporting people who let their attack
dog into my yard every
day right so as long as your attack dog
is attacking me and you can turn it off
off I get that they don't work for you
but you can turn them off I can't be on
your side I'm sorry so no with no uh No
Malice of course to the Israeli people
who I love a
lot
um I'm out I'm just out
so um I'll give you my summation of the
situation and then I'll probably bow out
after
this summary who is right and who is
wrong in that part of the world
everybody's wrong all the
time wrong in the sense that nobody's
trying to find a peaceful way to live
together and nothing like that's
happening that is a situation where
Whoever has power is going to use it to
destroy the other side at the moment a
Ally of the United States has that power
and they're destroying the other side do
they have good reasons doesn't matter
it doesn't matter it really doesn't the
the group with the most power is going
to oppress the group that has the least
power and that's what that part of the
world is all about and always has been
and always will be if if the
Palestinians had the better
weapons they'd be doing the same thing
to the
Israelis so does that make the Israelis
Justified and moral because they know
that if the situation reversed it would
happen to them nope there are no good
there are no good guys there's no good
guys there's just people with power
power is the only story and the only
thing you can do is
watch because Israel is definitely going
to do what Israel is going to do and it
doesn't matter what you know even n
Yahoo said with or without Biden's
support we're going to do what we're
going to
do now if I were judging it from a cold
hard
immoral power
perspective is Israel doing something
that makesense
possibly nobody knows how anything turns
out but if you looked at it from a risk
reward perspective my take is that
they're spending for the first time
they're spending all of their Holocaust
Goodwill they may be spending it in an
effort to finally let's say control the
area well enough that it's not a
existential risk to
them if they get away with that mean
mean complete dominance of the area in a
way that they haven't so far then it
will look maybe 200 years from now like
one of the smartest things that anybody
ever
did right but but you have to wait 200
years to see how it turns out so there's
no way to know if this is a good idea or
the worst idea
ever um
so we'll we'll see from a cold hard uh
you know all the matters is power
perspective I I think that Netanyahu is
making what seems like a reasonable bet
but that doesn't mean it'll work out I
also don't think they'll ever have a
better
chance to completely own all that
territory in a in even more you more or
less say dramatic way um than this now
I've heard people say critics of
Netanyahu that uh he's responsible
because he said he would support Hamas
um and that he even said some people say
and by the way nobody knows if he really
said this or this is just made
up this could be totally made up but the
uh but one of the attacks on Netanyahu
is that he
allegedly believed that by supporting
Hamas he could show that the two-state
solution would never work in other words
samas would act so poorly that propping
them up would prove that there's no
point in negotiating with that part of
the world now some said but that is a
cold cynical terrible thing and you did
all the wrong things and you invited
October 7th so therefore you're kind of
responsible because you created the
situation which led to the October 7th
attack and therefore he made a
mistake did
he I don't see
that I don't see that in the story I
just told you where's the mistake
the October 7th thing is a terrible
tragedy and it is completely true that
Netanyahu could have
foreseen that propping up Hamas would
lead to Terror attacks of smaller and
larger scale so could he have known that
his support of Famas would lead them to
do something like that of course of
course there's there's no question about
that is there because he is he knew what
humas was he supported
them I thought completely publicly in
the sense that they were given their own
you know uh their own country basically
and they were left alone and not not
just left alone but in many ways
financially
supported so people say oh it was
cynical he really he really made things
worse because making things worse
allowed him to you know go to war later
to which I say how would that look
different that that explanation of
reality how does that look different
from he let uh Gaza rule itself the way
they wanted to how's that
different if the gazin wanted Hamas and
they did they seemed to be have all the
support they
needed and if Israel was giving them
money that supported Hamas how exactly
was that evil here here's the money for
the government that you support so that
you can do your own
thing how's that
evil it so what I think is that you have
a perfectly ordinary situation which is
you can twist it into looking like super
evil but you have to assume that somehow
Netanyahu knew that in October 7th was
coming which is
ridiculous to me that sounds ridiculous
so I don't think there's any difference
between he knew it was
coming and anything else we all knew it
was coming what is he the only one who
knew that Hamas might do some terrorist
stuff if they could he's not the only
one everybody knew
it but what was he supposed to do
continue to put his thumb on Gaza
militarily he withdrew and gave them a
chance to turn into something different
right but did he know all all along that
the continued settlements in the West
Bank would cause SAS to have enough
support that you know they could get a
little aggressive probably probably knew
that so I see somebody who was uh
managing a a risk reward situation that
was amazingly complex and I don't think
you can sus out the evil part there you
can certainly says out that they wanted
to not have a two-stage solution for all
the obvious reasons it' be dangerous
just it' be dangerous so of course they
didn't want
that
anyway um that's the the last I'll say
so I don't support anything Israel is
doing but I also don't not support it
because it's not up to me I don't really
have any
influencer all right um I saw a video of
a computer expert Rick weel talking
about the security problems in the
electronic voting machines and Counting
machines I guess and I think he was
looking at the voting machines it says
voting systems but I don't know if that
counts the tabulators as well as the
vote things or not I was a little
unclear on that anyway beware if you see
this beware what I call the documentary
effect which is that if you only hear
one side of it wow is it
convincing because that's the way it
works if you only hear one side of any
story it's really
convincing right
so um I did see that the uh uh who was
it uh the person in charge of the
elections uh did give a uh give some
push back which somehow didn't get into
my notes but I think I remember it oh my
god I've got notes on the back of my my
pages I wondered why there were so few
notes well that explains a
lot
um so anyway so the computer expert said
that he looked into these machines and
he found out that the passwords were all
uh
online uh and that the encryption keys
were in plain text for anybody to see
and that basically and there was no
evidence that there had been virus
protection on the machines for a few
years
and uh the bottom line is that based on
his testimony and again this would be
the documentary effect now I'm going to
give you the other side of the story in
a moment but the but the documentary
effect if you just listen to this one
guy you'd say to yourself um my
conclusion is we don't know who won the
election and there is no way to
know that's if you didn't hear the other
side and you only heard this one expert
you would very much conclude that there
was no no way to know who
won cuz the computer security was
basically zero you know I think like
some weak Windows password was
protecting the entire system which a
state actor could get through it about a
minute all right
so so the the reporting from one expert
and by the way he was showing his work
like he had his laptop there and he and
he was saying and we could get into this
blah blah blah and then he shows you see
I just got into it I just activated the
whole software so it looked really
really bad so then the guy who is in
charge of um Maricopa County because I
think that's where this reporting is
coming from Stephen RI richer mer
Maricopa County recorder and he said
from his personal account that there are
some things you need to know number one
almost all voters in the United States
use paper
ballots so I think that means that the
technical guy was looking at a voting
machine uh as opposed to a tabulator
that counts paper
Ballance uh he said most jurisdictions
do a bipartisan postelection hand count
audit of the paper ballots to make sure
it matches the tabulated count on% any
material disruption in the tabulation
programming would be
revealed he says number three most
jurisdictions do a post elction LNA test
whatever that is any material disruption
tabulation program would be
revealed okay
so it sort of generally he's
saying that if somebody tried to mess
with the machines it would be in very
few places in the country and that
number two since they do this hand count
of the of the paper stuff uh that you
would you'd be able to spot any
problems what is
missing from his explanation oh it's not
Maricopa so was the expert in a
different domain than the Maricopa
guy not Mar somebody saying not Maricopa
but I don't know if that refers to the
machines or that Maricopa uses voting
machines what are you trying to tell
me all right so let me give you my uh my
take on this the explanation from Steven
Richard does not seem to directly
address the issue do you feel that that
his
answers they sound like answers but they
it's like they don't
directly now here's the question I have
so suppose they do a hand count to make
sure that the tabulators get the right
answer who witnesses the hand
count do you notice that
missing who who who watches the hand
count if if you control who does the
hand count well you're in pretty good
shape there if you wanted to do
something Maricopa uses tabulators
somebody
saying corruption in key zones is all
they need that's correct so they would
only need to corrupt a few key precincts
they wouldn't have to do everything
everywhere you'd only need a few so
suppose and I'm not saying anything like
this happened there's no evidence of
this but how hard would it be to hack
any machines that part looks easy and
then if somebody did a hand count to
find out something had been hacked if
they were working together how hard
would it be for the hand counters to lie
and say oh yeah it looks fine we handc
counted it well do we know enough that
the hand counters are always
bipartisan does it get filmed do they do
the hand count on
film I don't know maybe if they did then
that would be pretty solid if they had
bipartisan people doing the hand count
and and they could know that that that
they would detect any problems with
hacking that would be a good
answer but we don't know that so his
answer I find
incomplete
um and it says most predict most
jurisdictions do this post elction thing
and as you were pointing out it doesn't
matter if most people do it it doesn't
matter if most people are checking it
only matters if those few important
precincts were doing everything right so
when I look for let's say evidence that
uh somebody is being misleading on
purpose I look for the obvious thing
that should be there that's
missing which is the audits are always
done and they're always
bipartisan we always audit we could
catch we could catch any problem see we
could catch any problem and they're
bipartisan Audits and it's 100% now that
would be a good answer but if you just
say that there are Audits and this uh
postelection LNA test isn't everywhere
it's only in most
places I got questions right do does it
feel to you that the
response is Raising more questions and
it's
answering and let me ask you
this why do these machines have
passwords if they're published
online were they supposed to be changed
I think they were supposed to be changed
so that every machine had a different
password eventually so that suggests if
uh even if we can't be sure that any of
these security problems led to an actual
outcome that was wrong so that we don't
know there's no evidence of that
directly
but why do they have passwords in the
first
place there must be something that you
could do if you had the password that
would be different than if you didn't
have the password there's a reason a
password
exists right
so um does this indicate that every
Precinct had the lacked the ability to
know that their machines were properly
working
I feel like if so many places didn't
even reset the password and if the
encryption keys were published
online in plain text it seems to me that
that what the expert did
prove is that whether or not any
election was rigged by the mechanisms
that he explained what he did prove is
that the people who were in charge
wouldn't know the
difference except for the hand count and
that raises another
question if you going to count by hand
all the ballots to make sure it's
right why' you mean why did you need the
machines what's the point of the
machines if you if you're not done until
you hand
counted what what don't I understand
there if if every time you're going to
hand count them and you're not going to
certify the election until you've hand
counted
them what were the machines
for like why don't I understand that
everything about this suggests that the
complexity of it is designed to hide
what's happening not display what's
happening in my opinion our elections
are designed to hide fraud not reveal
it that's what it looks like and uh
complexity can hide a lot of stuff all
right here's a thing I missed so
apparently there's an eclipse coming is
that right is the eclipse tonight
but I saw a story that uh an eclipse can
have a weird effect on your
animals and animals have been known to
have erratic Behavior around Cosmic
events so this is
true um I noticed that this morning
Snickers was acting erratic and it just
get kept getting worse and worse it was
like oh my God that's so
erratic and by like an hour into this
erratic Behavior
uh my dog had actually registered to
vote for
Biden now I didn't see that common and I
I think it's probably because the
eclipse because I did not see her
registering for Biden because she's
going to vote now you're going to say to
me but dogs can't
[Music]
vote
really because I read the
news and it seems to me that the
migrants can vote without any kind of
identification so if you don't need to
be a
citizen and you don't need to show your
ID and you don't need to show up in
person no I'm pretty sure my dog can
vote I'm positive my dog can vote Am I
Wrong what would stop my dog from
voting
seriously literally literally what would
stop my dog from voting
I can't think of anything she doesn't
have to prove who she
is and she doesn't have to show up in
person so I'm going to take a little paw
and just like put it on the ballot and
I'm going to have her vote no I'm not
I'm just making that
up but I think you should at least take
into your mental model that my dog can
vote
literally all right uh so that eclipse
is causing animals to act erratically
let's see what else well this is this
might not be related but Mark cubin
decided to endorse
uh uh Joe Biden now I can't be sure
that's because of the eclipse but Mark
cubin has been acting erratically lately
and it did get worse during the eclipse
so I
mean I can't say for sure it's because
of the eclipse I just know erratic
behavior when I see it
how many of you saw the clip of Cara
swisser talking to Bill Mah and even
Bill Mark and get over how crazy she
is just batshit crazy now it looked like
mental illness if you see it she just
looked like just had serious mental
illness and she's treated as a like a
serious commentator on important events
and the whole time I'm just thinking
this looks like it could be a commercial
for some kind of anti-depressant or
something and then I switched to another
clip of uh Morning
Joe Morning Joe just looks like he's
having a complete mental
breakdown it does not look like an
opinion it looks like mental illness now
I wonder are there people on the right
that look exactly that way to people on
the
left or do they have a different you
know filter so that everything look do
the people on the left think to people
on the right are just evil white
supremacists or
something but do they also think that
the legitimate people on the right do
they think they're
crazy you maybe a little bit in Alex
Jones case for
example because Alex Jones is actually
didn't he actually say he was bipolar or
something so they might actually be
right in that
case um but I what I see the the
TDS looks 100% real mental illness to me
no no joke no
hyperbole uh might be biased but I'm not
trying to be biased I mean I'm trying to
overcome any bias I have but they
legitimately look like they need
help like you if you tell me you if you
watch Caris Wisher for five minutes and
you told me that she's not in therapy
I'd be amazed I'd be amazed cuz she
looks like she's just got me
problems I don't know that's my
take um I can't read her mind but she
was reading Elon musk's mind which tells
me that there's something terribly wrong
going on
there all
right um the January 6
Committee just when you think it
couldn't get
worse here's what we find out this week
it is so bad it's laughable
but apparently uh Trump's uh prior
defense
secretary Chris Miller he so he says
that the january6 committee threatened
to quote make his life hell if he didn't
stop saying that Trump authorized
National Guard deployment before the
capital
Riot and then apparently uh Liz Cheney
is noted as the you know the main
Intimidator uh and additionally the
committee allegedly withheld the
transcript of a senior White House
official who who said the same thing
Miller did that Trump tried to deploy
10,000 troops to the capital before
January 6 now given that there are two
direct Witnesses of credible people who
say that Trump tried to get a military
there to prevent Trump from taking over
the country it kind of puts a little bit
of a problem into their narrative
doesn't it the whole narrative is that
Trump planned to stay and organized the
coup but that doesn't work if he had
simultaneously been organizing the
military defense against his own coup
and we have very good evidence that he
was putting a military defense against a
coup or really against the protesters
but it would turn out the same it would
turn out the same in the minds of the
January 6 people in the in the real
world there was no coup to begin with no
real coup happened it was just protest
and some violence um but now I would say
that we could confirm as a fact that the
January 6 committee was a
fraud and that every member of the
January 6 committee should be in
jail now here's a question if it's
illegal to lie to lie under oath why is
it legal for the committee that's asking
people the questions to lie in the same
venue
that's not illegal the the Congress
people can sit up there and lie to the
witness in the same event they can lie
to the witness but if the witness lies
back the Witness Goes to Jail but not
the Congress
person that I I'm guessing that's the
way it works right the Congress probably
has some kind of immunity or something
in those
situations now but what about if
somebody U goes through this whole
process and alleges ly withheld a
transcript that would have torn apart
their entire
narrative there's nothing illegal about
that are you telling me you can't go to
jail for that for throwing the entire
country into turmoil and putting people
in jail that you knew didn't belong
there and creating a narrative that
there was an
Insurrection to me this looks like a
coup I would think the death the death
penalty would be appropriate in this let
me say it again if this allegation holds
up um I don't think there's any law that
prescribes it but in my opinion the
death penalty would be
appropriate am I wrong there are not
many things that I would recommend the
death penalty for but trying to
overthrow the country is one of them
death penalty yeah I think she should be
executed if the courts could find her uh
guilty of treason because it looks like
it to me it looks like can attempt to
change the nature of the
country through
 how's that not the death
penalty so I don't think that there'll
be any legal ramifications to them
whatsoever I also think that the general
public will never know that the January
6 thing was an op and one of the worst
crimes ever perpetrated on America
they'll never know because their news
won't tell their news will tell Trump
tried to take over the
country
amazing
amazing yeah so don't do anything
individually but I'd love if Trump got
in office and all of those people ended
up in jail I'm sure there's no death
penalty potential it just seems it's
that
bad all right uh the so-called budget
passed $1.2 trillion package uh Thomas
Massie saying that the next morning what
the hell is this evil he's talking about
a specific thing a federal red flag
Center has been raised immediately after
the budget was passed we find out that
the budget included money for a bunch of
what they call Red Flag centers so that
it makes it easier for the government to
take guns away from
citizens in the
budget in the budget that just got
passed
was a mechanism for removing guns from
citizens I don't know the details but
the purpose of these so-called Federal
red flag centers that'll be around the
country is to reduce the number of guns
that people have how are they doing that
exactly I guess the red flag is for uh
people who have some shown some danger
specifically well so who got to vote on
that who decided on that as Thomas
Massie says it was just one of the
things that was in this big bill now let
me say as clearly as I can the
Republican party is
garbage
Fair the Republican party is absolute
garbage just complete garbage now the
Democrats are just as bad but how can
you possibly support the
Republicans when they do this right in
front of you the correct answer is close
the government
yeah I don't care how long it takes I
don't care what the cost is you can't do
this there's only one thing you couldn't
do this there were a thousand
right ways to do this a thousand right
ways to do
it you would look at what should be in
the budget and what shouldn't you would
cut the things you could because we
don't have infinite money and then you
would balance it no matter how painful
that was but you could balance it a
thousand different
ways there was only one thing just one
 thing you shouldn't
do pass it that's the only thing that's
wrong and every person who voted for
this knows this is the only wrong
answer they all voted for the wrong
answer and they know it because they
can't figure out how to get to a right
answer complete and total
incompetence as Absolute Total
incompetence and by the way since I like
to make fun of Dei which stands for
didn't earn it there are a bunch of uh
white men in Congress who up
pretty badly and you just the
whole country thanks white
men I can't even I can't even support
white men anymore there's like nothing I
can support but a bunch of white men in
Congress just put a spear through the
 gut of the country because it
was easy here I guess they wanted to go
to sleep they were
tired
 absolute garbage worthless
pieces of every member of Congress
should be voted down except Thomas
Massie maybe you could keep Rand
Paul except for the Tik Tock
[Laughter]
thing the only the only one I
like has a Tik Tac Tik Tock problem in
my
opinion so yes uh our govern doesn't
even work a little bit um neither
Democrats nor Republicans just all
complete
garbage well let's talk about the Russia
attack so as you know I believe there
were four uh gunmen who came in to a
mall and it was a theater or a show that
was going to happen in that same complex
they killed uh the numbers keep going up
I don't know 143 people they killed
maybe that number will go up just a
horrible horrible terrorist attack where
they're just mowing people down and
setting things on fire people died from
the smoke and the fire and the
gunfire anyway the Russian uh the
government got control of them they
caught some of them and you may have
heard that Isis took responsibility for
it and what did I tell you when the news
reported that Isis took
responsibility I said uh not so fast not
so fast it could be Isis and it still
could be Isis but just because they
claimed credit does not mean it was them
because remember the Las Vegas
shooter the the first hours of the Las
Vegas mass shooting Isis took credit do
you remember what I said I was the only
person in the country only person you
could check it yourself not not one
other person said this they're lying it
wasn't Isis and the reason I said that
was it didn't match their
pattern right there are things Isis
might do but it didn't look like that so
this new thing in my opinion doesn't
match their
pattern and so I don't believe it's
Isis oh you said it as well so there
might have been some of you who are less
less in the public eye who said it as
well I'm sure that's the
trueu so anyway the Russian are showing
these captured guys doing what looked
like um fake confessions um Putin went
on TV he said we have identified a tajik
mosad agent responsible for the tack
Israel will pay but Ukraine will suffer
more
what there's a
tajik mosad
agent and what's what's the uh argument
that Israel did it is it because Russia
is too Pro
Palestinian is that the
theory and then they did say that Putin
also said the terrorists were moving
toward Ukraine where a window was
prepared on the Ukrainian side so they
could cross the
border so he's finding a way to blame
Israel and
Ukraine so do you think it was a fake I
attack organized by either Ukraine or
mad with Israel or
both here's what I would advise you it
all looks like lies to
me so I wouldn't believe Putin and I
wouldn't believe any of these people and
I wouldn't believe whatever the
Americans say about it and I wouldn't
believe anything that Israel says about
it there's literally nothing about this
story you should
believe but I'll tell you the one thing
I don't believe for sure is the
confession Cu uh allegedly one of the
gunmen who was captured said that he
didn't know who hired him because it was
done over Telegram and it was arranged
over Telegram and then he
executed does that make sense to you do
you think that somebody was on Telegram
and got an offer to go kill a bunch of
people and then certainly die and be or
be caught and tortured and then put in
jail forever and he said that looks good
I'll probably get away with
it really did any of these did if you
saw the video did any of them look like
they thought they were going to
live they were pretty darn casual about
their work they did not act like
somebody who's in a hurry they act like
somebody who knew they were going to die
as soon as the authorities got there or
captured
so they certainly didn't look
like um people who were doing a job
because they got hired on
telegram that's not a job you take as
like a part-time work that say I'm going
to die doing this job and you know it so
that had to be somebody who's doing it
for some national interest and let you
know because four people are not insane
four people means it's not Insanity it
means it's organized and planned and
there has almost certainly some large
organization of some kind behind it it's
not just four people made up their mind
to do
this so do you think Ukraine is behind
it and if they were how would they
benefit how exactly would Ukraine
benefit if they were behind it I don't
see it exactly I don't know how it
could and
secondly um how would Israel benefit
from this
in what way would Israel benefit from
being behind this they wouldn't because
Israel and Russia actually have a
reasonably good um relationship don't
they my understanding is that Israel and
Russia have just sort of always agreed
to get
along so I don't believe it's mad I
don't believe it's
Ukraine and I don't believe it's
Isis what the hell is this
thing let let's
see let's see in the
comments uh you think the US is behind
it but why why would the US do
it why would Russ should do it to itself
so some are saying that uh Putin planned
it himself but even if Putin planned it
you'd still have to get four people who
are willing to die for it how do you get
four people who are willing to die die
for
this if it were one person you say he
crazy but
four there's something going on here
that doesn't make sense and then how in
the world did they catch them
unharmed how in the
world did they catch them
unharmed really what they
surrendered they they no longer had
their guns with them when they got
captured I could see if they got wounded
and they you know couldn't use their
weapons and they they grabbed them but
the they're not
wounded how in the world do you go from
heavily armed suicide attack to captured
unin
uninjured not n of ran out of bullets no
you use the last bullet on yourself
don't
you they save at least one bullet for
their own head because they don't want
to go to jail and get tortured
forever
anyway I'm going to say that every
theory about this doesn't sound right to
me every theory about it sounds wrong to
me so we'll wait we're still the fog of
War Anything Could
Happen um surgical team uh put a pig's
kidney into a living
human so there's a person with a pig's
kidney this raises some questions
question number one is the did the
doctors who did the
surgery what are the odds that at least
one of them had bacon for
breakfast was there anybody had bacon
for breakfast and then put a pig liver
in a human I don't know it would just
feel weird wouldn't it secondly if the
Haitian cannibals were to eat this guy
would they get to the kidney and they'd
be
like well this is
off I know I was expecting something
different from this kidney no there are
no ha there are no Haitian cannibals
that we know of there is a video of one
guy eating an arm for some reason but I
don't believe that video
either
so um maybe this pig kidney stuff will
work but uh we're in weird territory now
now we're going to be part human part
Pig and part
computer I want to I want to move
completely into the digital realm so I'm
you know just a robot I'd like to do
that without passing through the pig
part uh part of my
journey like I don't want to be three4
pig guts but everything's working it's
like ah well we get you new kidney and
that's working fine and but we notice
your your liver is slowing down a little
bit you know what you need what you need
a pig liver it's going to go good with
your pig Pig kidney so then I'd have a
pig liver a pig kidney and then you know
it be a few years later and they'd be
like your heart's slowing down well what
can we do about that I recommend a pig
heart pretty soon I'd be more Pig than
human and that would
be not awesome I want to skip the pig
part phase of life entirely and go right
to
robots because that doesn't
hurt well there was a
Berkeley Professor who's getting a lot
of heat he's in trouble Jonathan shuuk
is he's a computer science professor at
UC brookley and he was talking online I
guess to some students and somebody was
asking about dating advice and he said
and I quote if you want a girlfriend get
out of the Bay
Area I could stop right there if you
want a girlfriend get out of the Bay
Area but there's
more he says almost everywhere else on
the planet is better for
that he says I'm not kidding at all he
said you'll be shocked by the Stark
differences and behavior of women in
places where women are plentiful versus
their behavior within artillery distance
of San Jose in San
Francisco so here again he's uh you
won't be surprised to find out he's a
white
guy so the white Professor tries to
explain uh supply and demand to
Democrats what do you think happens when
Democrats find out how the real world
works because you know my my big theme
is that what we think are political
differences or philosophical differences
are not that at all it's just that
Democrats don't know how anything Works
they don't know how supply and demand
Works they don't know how a free market
Works they don't know how Free Speech
Works they actually don't know how
incentives they don't know that Dei is
guaranteed to increase the number of
incompetent employees and again not
because of anybody's genetics culture or
anything like that it's just math supply
and demand it's just simple supply and
demand if the if the demand is higher
than the supply then the natural
behavior is for people to look for
substitutes of lower quality you saw it
in the supply chain during the pandemic
when we ran out of the good stuff good
paper towels do you remember what
happened do you remember when there was
no paper you could buy no that never
happened instead they just lowered the
quality of the
paper during the pandemic I bought a a
roll of paper towels where where the
paper was more like
cardboard it was just barely paper it
was such low quality you can see like
the pieces of stick you know still in
the
paper that's the way the world works in
the real world you don't run out the
paper just somebody scrapes some bark
off a tree puts it in an Amazon package
mails to you and calls it
paper that's the real world you don't
run out you just go to a lower quality
thing now Dei is the same thing because
not everybody has a college education
and the right experience so if you can't
get enough of the ones you
want you don't stop your
business you lower your standards that's
the way the world Works in every domain
from paper TOS to employees and there's
no exceptions to that it's just the way
everything
works so here's a perfect example this
college professor is simply telling
people that if you go where there are
lots of women or at least 5050 your odds
are going to be way better than when
you're in a place where there's a whole
bunch of crypto Millionaires and not
many
women because the crypto millionaires
are going to get all the women there are
and then anybody who's left is going to
know they have lots of options and if
you give anybody power what
happens they abuse it no
exceptions what you want to talk about
Israel who has the
power the people who are being
criticized for using it right so people
who have power always use it so in the
case where the supply and demand is
imbalanced and the women know that
they're rare and that the men don't have
as many options a bunch of techies but
they got a lot of money that the women
can hold out for whatever they
want so do you think that that isn't
noticeable do you think it's not really
really noticeable that the women in some
areas act differently than the women
where their supply and demand is
different of course it's noticeable of
course it is it would have to be so
here's my real question he's a computer
science Professor so he got in a lot of
trouble what if he'd been an economics
professor if he'd been an economics
professor would everything be fine
because this would be a basic economics
lesson basic economics supply and
demand it couldn't be more basic so
would he be fired for being an economics
teacher for teaching that supply and
demand is not limited to physical
Goods it's just a universal
truth I don't know maybe it would make a
difference but he's learned learning
that maybe he should move out of the Bay
Area all right um there's a I don't know
if you're following the college
plagiarism thing but uh Christopher rufo
is all over it and there are some
entities I don't know who's funding them
or if it's volunteer or what but people
are scouring through the you know
doctoral thesis and the Papers written
by the academics and the big colleges
and turns out there's a
massive problem of plagiarism and what's
funny is that the people getting caught
are are coming up with terrible
um coming up with terrible
arguments uh about why it was okay so
some are saying well of course we just
copied and pasted it because there are
only so many ways you can say the same
point is that is that sit well with you
of course we copied and pasted it
because there's only so many ways you
can say the same point
no I'm sorry you could spend one minute
rewarding
it but apparently it's being defended
and then people are uh angry at the
right-wingers as they would say for
calling them out for all their
plagiarism so some are saying that the
real problem is the people who are
catching them not the plagiarism
itself perfectly
reasonable anyway it gets a funny are
just watching how badly they uh defend
it all right I'd like to read to you a
post that has gone viral that I did and
the reason I'm going to read it is that
it's got let's see I'll check on the
number of viewers it seem to a hit a
chord so number of uh views on it so far
are 1.4
million now a lot of people said it was
the best post I've ever made I don't
know about that but I'll I'll read it to
you and uh see if it if it hits you in
the
fields all right it's a little bit
long I said Trump's the third act has
begun and it's a beauty next week Trump
could make over four billion when his
Media company goes public removing all
doubts about his billionaire status and
you can stop asking if he would have
been better putting his inheritance in a
savings account in the
70s because I think this would put him
over the top I said I expect Trump to
leave a 15% tip for Leticia James and
the Democrats because they made his
windfall possible by hunting him and
censoring him for years you could call
it a bond not a tip if you prefer when
the Supreme Court tosses out the
unconstitutional fine Trump gets most of
his dip
back the Democrat plan to Trump
financially so he couldn't spend as much
in the campaign and Trump turned Leticia
James into his best
fundraiser he does that he grabs the gun
and he turns it
around um lots of interesting
developments lately on the topic of the
2020 election the simulation wants at
least one of these fresh allegations to
be a kraken so I don't see a kraken yet
but it just feels like it's
coming Trump's legal maneuvering is
likely to keep him eligible for the
election so they'll probably not stop
him that's what it looks like as of
today you can fantasize about a heroic
Democrat such as Nome swooping in and
replacing Biden but it's looking less
likely every day if it had always been
the plan it would have happen by now
looks like Biden has to stay on the job
to keep the Biden crime family out a
jail that's my personal belief I know
people have different opinions on that
the predictable the predictable Democrat
summer hoax we'll add some but it will
be forgotten and debunked by November
Trump's upcoming Victory is looking like
it will be as Trump says quote too big
to rig and by that I mean Democrats will
try to rig it anyway and get caught and
that will be
fun the gears of the machine have become
visible we can all see the FBI is rotten
and the dog is weaponized we know the
border is open intentionally we know the
cartels are working with the government
we know our elections are designed to
not be auditable and there's only one
reason for it we can see Biden is not in
charge we know the Ukraine war was
always about its energy resources and
who gets to own them we know our Rising
debt is ruinous we know our experts are
liars we know our farmer and Food
Industries are poisoning us we know our
government is racist we know the
corporate media is essentially owned by
democrats who are controlled by
intelligence entities and they are
actively brainwashing the population we
know that first and second amendments
and acts are under sustained government
attack because they are the Public's
last defense against the
government but we are not
quitters and the odds do not apply to
us
so on
that I uh will end Today's show I'm
going to talk to the people on locals
for a few minutes in the after show but
uh for those of you here on the combined
platforms of YouTu Rumble and x and
locals I'm going to uh be done with this
feed and uh go talk privately to the
subscribers on locals thanks for joining
have a great weekend and I'll see you
back here
tomorrow