well that didn't
work we'll make this work
yet it would be nice if I had notes for
today's
show but looks like it might not be
happening luckily I'm luckily I memorize
all of my
notes all right that's three devices
that have failed so far this morning
let's try number
four device number
four
print I know this is the fascinating
part of the show
all
right
friends all
[Music]
right do you know how close as you were
to watching me destroy a printer in
front of you
I had literally just decided to pick it
up and destroy it when it started
[Laughter]
printing I I had reached the end of my
very short fuse for technology I was
literally going to stand up grab it re
lift it above my head and destroy it on
the ground in front of you and it goes
Bing
yeah I think I think you have like four
or five technology failures in the
morning after around the fifth one you
get to destroy whatever it was that was
doing it to
you all right let me get the locals
people up here in their own special
comments because I
can so did any of you have trouble
getting on X
today my morning started with X not
working all
morning but now we're all in good shape
all right I've got a uh I've got a
recommendation for
you but uh I think there's something we
got to do
first isn't there there's something we
have to do
first good morning everybody and welcome
to the highlight of human civilization
it's called coffee with Scott Adams
you've never had a better time but if
you'd like to take this experience up to
levels that nobody can understand with
their tiny shiny human brains all you
need for that is a CER muger glass a
tankered shell or Stein a canteen Jugger
flask a vessel of any kind fill it with
your favorite liquid I like coffee join
me now for the unparallel pleasure of
the dopamine of the day the thing makes
everything better it's called the
simultaneous Sip and it happens now go
well that was so so good
anyway I have the following um
entertainment recommendation for you on
Netflix there's a series that has the
worst title you've ever seen so don't
don't be thrown off by the title the
title is W her and the cowboy
Wars w and the cowboy Wars now I thought
that was going to be really stupid and
fictional turns out it's more of a
documentary but you know sort of
stylized documentary you know so there's
an actor who plays the part but there's
lots of Ed Harris talk over but here's
what's interesting about it there
there's a story about you know some
vendettas and some law man and some
shootouts and stuff he'd expect but
here's the part that fascinated me
apparently in the early the Early part
of our country the judicial system was
completely corrupt just completely
corrupt and also the government was
completely
corrupt and you have to watch it to see
how nothing's changed so so the the
takeaway is that you're looking at
things that happened hundreds of years
ago um a couple hundred years ago
something like that 150 and uh and
nothing's changed so the the richest guy
in the world basically just switches out
the president and it has something to do
with Wyatt herp so apparently the Wyatt
herb situation rippled all around the
world I had no idea it was it was so
connected to world events and the
problem
was JP Morgan wanted to buy all the
railroads and make a lot of money
shipping um
silver from where from tomb Stone
Arizona to the rest of the country and
uh the US like sort of really needed
that level of business to
survive and uh they couldn't do it
because it was too
dangerous because of the whole Wyatt
herb situation and the bad guys the
Cowboys were the bad guys in this case
so you got to see it to look at the
Modern
parallels it's basically nothing changed
except we got smartphones everything
else was completely corrupt it's
fascinating how did we ever get to this
point well the guardian reports that in
England they did a study with 8,000
people and uh there're people who had
various you know mental health problems
and uh you know where this is going so
instead of giving them pills for their
mental health issues they organize
things like uh bunch of outdoor stuff
and things like uh nature walks and
Community gardening and tree PL in what
they call wild swimming I don't know
exactly what wild swimming is but I
assume not in a swimming pool is that
what it is that what wild means or do
you just swim in a funny fashion is it
more like instead of doing this you're
like is it the opposite of synchronized
swimming all right no synchronized
swimming people it's wild wild swimming
I don't know must be something in
England anyway guess what
they found that uh it doesn't cost as
much as therapy and and all their
feelings about everything improved
exactly like you think now you know what
I'm going to say you could have saved a
lot of time and money by asking Scott if
people would feel better if they had
purpose and something scheduled and it
caused them to be interacting with a
whole bunch of new people so they had a
social life of of course that
works yeah everything from going
Outdoors to moving your legs to being
social to having a purpose 100% of that
is already known to
help so why did they even need this I
mean maybe just to see how important was
well now this leads me to my prediction
for the computer age you
ready when people ask me Scott how
should I prepare for my career if I'm a
young person
I say I don't know what's going to
happen you know the world is a funny
place it's pretty unpredictable with AI
and robots and everything coming
online but I've got
one strong
prediction which is that people are
going to find meaning in doing things
with other people and it's the only
thing that will ever have meaning to us
I want to do things and I almost don't
care what the things are there's a
pretty wide variety things that I'd be
willing to do as long as I go there and
there are other people and we meet at a
certain time and we know the schedule
and we do a thing I I need that it's
like a basic human need just to have
some kind of interaction with other
people so I think if you become an
organizer of
events I feel like that's something that
AI will have a trouble taking over
because there's too much of a human
element to that um it might might help
you with scheduling you know some of the
boring Parts but I think if you just
simply said hey neighborhood I'm going
to start organizing a bunch of
things you know in my neighborhood uh
our one of our my neighbors is an
organizer now she's also the you know
the couple of the main real estate
people in our area so it's it's good for
them to know a lot of people but on top
of that they're just great organizers so
our our neighborhood always has block
parties and events and movie nights and
stuff like that it happens all the time
like all year all year round every month
or so there's something going on and it
completely changes your experience of
living in the
neighborhood because you know all the
neighbors wave because we've all met you
know I don't know every name but we all
know each other they all know who I
am so group activities I think that's
the
future um there's a study at the
guardian is also report rep ing uh that
uh researchers have found that how you
think is affected by your
brain yeah it turns out that according
to science your brain is the thing that
can change how you think and if your
brain is different from somebody else's
brain you might have different thoughts
and feelings than they do I know I know
it's the most surprising thing you've
heard you could have just asked me and I
would have said yes brains are the thing
that caus us to think and feel so if my
brain's different than yours we might
get a different outcome despite our Free
Will um but specifically This research
was that the that the people who
experience depression have a particular
part of their brain Network that's
bigger than other
people does that tell you that the
people with depression have no hope
because there's part of their brain
that's
different probably not because uh what
we don't know is how much you can change
it because your brains are kind of
plastic and if you for example if you
were to sell give yourself a new habit
for
example um that would re rewire your
brain so you might be able to hack
around it but uh certainly your brain is
what's causing you to think however
you're thinking there's also a study by
let's see it's written about in the
bite um that government tested AI to
find out how AI does and a bunch of work
related tasks uh or trials conducted by
Amazon web services so they wanted to
see how AI would do compared to humans
in a bunch of tasks such as summarizing
things you know stuff that humans do and
you would not be surprised that AI is
terrible uh compared to humans humans
are much better at summarizing things
and uh there's some other small tasks
here I'll
say um so it says that the uh the
possibility of using AI in the business
world
is a big problem because a lot of things
humans still do
better and I don't know that that's
going to change
so here's my prediction I think that the
large language models
given that you can't rely on them to
know what they're going to do even if
you train them and it doesn't look like
that's
solvable it's not solvable unless you
take away the AI part and just program
it to to if somebody asks this question
this will be your exact answer and then
it's not
AI
so I feel that our current technology of
AI is very limited compared to what we
think and I will go further and say if
AI is not good as replacement for an
employee are you ever going to want to
have a robot in your
house that's run on
AI I'm wondering if we'll ever be able
to trust it there's a nonzero chance
that there'll never be a robot with AI
That's you know more than a toy or a
demonstration because if you put it in
your house it had strength and muscles
and the ability to open open doors and
all that and you couldn't know for sure
what it's going to
do how long before it does something
dangerous cuz remember it's got arms and
legs and it can operate equipment it can
turn on your oven right but like what
happens if it turns on your oven it just
kills you just because it was Ai and it
wasn't smart enough to know that might
kill you I don't
know although it wouldn't know that I
think AI would know not to turn on the
oven
um rasmuson has a new poll out on the
presidential election and they've got
Trump up 47 to 46 which means a tie
statistically um and only 3% said they'd
vote for some other candidate if it's a
two person
race and raspon says that a month ago
Trump led by Five
Points um but Harris is steadily
reducing the
margin so the the polls are
narrowing that's all I'm going to say
about
that you use your imagination to imagine
the rest of the things I say about
polling can you do that can we save some
time can we all just stipulate that
every one of us is thinking exactly the
same thing about presidential polling
right
now yeah let's just s stimulate
stipulate why is my printer just
starting up and making
noise it's going through some kind of
cycle over there well as you know there
was a school shooting and that's all I'm
going to say about that because I don't
like to say the names or give any
attention to it I I hope you're on board
with that we're just not going to talk
about it it doesn't help which just
doesn't help I mean it could hurt but
there's no way it's going to help so I'm
just let the let the other news talk
about it all they want uh Laura lummer I
saw an next said uh have you noticed
there's always a school shooting in a
swing state or caucus state right before
an election
well I haven't noticed that um I've
noticed that they happen you know on a
regular basis so I feel like it's been a
long time since we had one I hate to say
it was overdue but kind of felt that
way I do not think that it is possible
to trigger people to do school shootings
on a political
schedule if that's possible we all have
a lot to learn about
brainwashing because I don't think it's
possible it's definitely possible to get
somebody to do something on their own
schedule you know if you work on
somebody for years and years you could
get them to go kill somebody you know
you'd have to work on them for years um
kind of like Thomas krooks probably
probably there was a long extended
communication with somebody that that's
my speculation there's no evidence of
that but I speculate he was dealing with
some brainwasher over a long period of
time just
speculation well according to the hill
uh we have some now some results because
the Supreme Court struck down the uh
using race to get into college
uh the
asian-americans in particular were
interested in making sure that they had
a fair shot to get into college and they
thought that the uh the Dei Etc were
causing them to be rejected from the
good colleges and uh and lesser
qualified people were getting in they
said so howd that turn out so colleges
tried to
adjust and um as people were worried the
the number of or the percentage of
applicants who are black um dropped but
not everywhere not
everywhere so M MIT said the that uh
black applicants uh went from uh 25%
down to
16% that's a big drop it's a big
drop um meanwhile but this is
interesting over at
Yale um they they got more white people
in so so Yale as a percentage accepted
more white
applicants but um it it
decreased it decreased the percentage of
asian-americans who got into
Yale now let me just say this again it
was the Asian-American population who in
my opinion I think this is true were the
driving force behind getting the Supreme
Court to say hey you don't use race and
Admissions and then it Yale
the outcome is that they they admitted
fewer
asian-americans how did that happen I do
not know I do not know how that happened
but they say it happened um but it's
Black and Hispanic enrollment held
steady so Yale
uh I don't know how to interpret this
other than Yale just found a different
way to discriminate and they just
changed who they're discriminating
against I mean I mean I don't have proof
of that but the the results kind of
suggest that they were a little bit uh
anti- asian-americans so maybe they have
to explain
that anyway so that happened um Tony
heler who is a notable uh climate change
skeptic he's mostly a skeptic I think
more than anything about the temperature
measurements but uh here's something
that Tony heler is reporting he says
apparently a lot of the
NOAA
um numbers that they have for
temperatures uh a lot of them are
estimates so I don't know if you knew
that so sometimes they have they'll use
the actual measurement but there are
some special cases just special cases
where they have to adjust it because
they know there's something wrong but
that's no big deal right I mean if most
of the temperature measurements are okay
and they then they have to do some
estimates let let's say for example
let's say for example one of the
measurement devices
broke well they wouldn't want to have
nothing so they might say all right well
let's just assume it's see average of
the last three years or something so you
put an estimate in there that wouldn't
be the worst thing in the world it
wouldn't be exactly accurate but if he
didn't do it too
much you know it might give you some
consist y that would be additive
right so what would be too much
according to Tony heler more than half
of all the data is
estimated more than
half do you think that's
true now I will tell you that Tony heler
is a fascinating commenter but I'm not a
believer in all of his comments right so
so I want you to know that uh I don't
believe that everything that Tony heler
surfaces in his skepticism will all
check out I don't believe it will all
check out but I also don't believe that
none of it will check out some of it's
going to check out but here's his claim
his claim this half of the data on
measurements from thermometers is now
estimated so I wasn't so sure that was
right but then somebody pointed me to an
article
uh in Breitbart from 2022 penny star
wrote
um this is so funny a study that
investigated the placement of the
temperature stations around the world
found out that a certain percentage of
them um didn't meet the the standard for
uncorrupted um measurements right so
apparently the uh who is it the uh
National Oceanic and Atmospheric
Administration no o AA they do have a
standard and if the measurements don't
meet that
standard then you know you've got a
problem but what percentage of all the
current thermometers do you think don't
meet their own standard now most of the
standard has to do with how close you
are to some kind of heat island you know
if if there's too much civilization
around too much concrete that will give
you a fake reading if the wind blows in
your direction so how many of them what
percentage do you think take a guess
before I tell you what what percentage
of all the temperature
measurements do you feel don't meet the
standard for
accuracy what's your
guess if you guessed
96% you would be accurate
96%
96% don't meet their own standard for
accuracy
96%
96% it could be that Tony heler is being
conservative it might be that well not
not conser it's different question one
is whether they're accurate and then the
other question is how many how many
times do they have to use an
estimate because they're aware of it not
being
accurate so do you remember when I said
to
you I'm no climate scientist but I am
the Dilbert
cartoonist and if there's one thing I
can tell you with complete certainty
complete
certainty humans can't measure the
temperature of the
earth and someday that will seem
hilarious to us someday we will learn in
school that it was hilarious that we
thought we could measure the temperature
of the earth now I'm not saying that the
thermometers are inaccurate if they're
used properly and and and I'm not saying
that you know that all the satellites
that measure things are inaccurate I'm
not saying that I'm saying that if you
add thousands of human beings who have
to do certain tasks in a certain way and
otherwise you don't get the right number
you'll never get the right number you
can't add thousands of humans to any
task and get a good outcome that's not a
thing nobody's ever done that there's no
domain in which you could add thousands
of people doing things with thousands of
devices all over the
planet and then that would all work out
no there's nothing like that in human
experience and there never will be you
know I'm not even sure robots can do
that but I guarantee you if you put
flawed thousands of flawed lying selfish
weasels humans into any process you're
not going to get anything you can use in
terms of data so I think that's where we
are
well Hunter Biden's on trial so he's on
trial for his tax
evasion and uh he he's accused of
failing to pay 1.4 million taxes well
blowing his cash on strippers and porn
they say um now you should note that he
has paid back all the back taxes so he
doesn't owe anything he's just being
accused of you know being forced to pay
it basically
not paying it voluntarily and I guess
part of it is that he was writing off as
business expenses his uh personal habits
let's say so and he has a risk of 17
years behind
borrowers wow so he's got three felony
and six misdemeanor charges well what do
you think do you think H Biden in our
current world could be
found guilty sentenced to jail and then
actually serve
time I suppose if it's 17 years nobody
really gets 17
years yeah um and then we've got Joe
Biden who can pardon
him can he he can can he pardon him or
are they not all federal charges they're
Federal
right because it's taxes yeah but what
if there are state taxes he didn't pay
is it is he only being uh penalized or
charged for State violations or also or
federal or also state so I don't know
whether it's fully
[Music]
pardonable but I would expect him to be
pardoned I wouldn't even hate it that
much you know I would think it's
obviously two tiers of Justice duh I
mean that's what a pardon does a pardon
gives somebody a special privilege that
other people don't get so if you were to
get a
pardon um I would have mixed feelings
number one I don't want to see family
members of President sent to jail just
because we
can that's that's not the world I want
to live in I don't want to live in a
world where Republicans are jailing
Democrats because they
can now that's not exactly what we're
seeing
I'm just saying that you don't want to
creep up to that line either you know I
I don't want to be associated with a
team even though I'm registered Democrat
I I caucus with the Republicans you
might
say I don't want to be associated with a
team that's going to put people's family
members so that that's my standard it's
the standard I use with Trump did Trump
ever do anything that was technically
could have been seen as illegal probably
like every other billionaire in my
opinion uh would people have been
prosecuted if they' been anybody else no
no so you don't meet my standard would
uh would Hunter be in this trouble if he
were not such high-profile I don't know
I don't know but I certainly suspect he
would have flown under the radar and
gotten away with it so even though I can
be in favor of people breaking the law
being you know getting the the justice
system treatment
I can also say this one's a mixed bag
for me because if it looks like you know
anybody was involved in taking Hunter
down for political purposes then it
gives the other team incentive to take
somebody down for political purposes I
just don't want to get close to that
line so in my opinion I would be happier
if Hunter somehow gets gets away with
the
crime gets away with the crime I think
I'd actually be happier with that
because I just don't want to get close
to that line of making this political
remember he paid back you know he did
pay back the money if he owed the money
well that' be a little different but
there's no at the moment there's no
victim to a crime as far as I can
tell anyway in exciting new news uh
there's a Department of Justice going
after a company which everybody thinks
is tenant media for being influenced by
uh
Russia is it Russia yeah and uh so tenet
media apparently
organized uh six conservative podcast
hosts and uh behind the scenes unknown
to those podcast hosts we'll name in a
minute uh the organization that was
paying them may have been getting his
money from Russia that's the allegation
and so they alleged receive $10 million
from Russian sources
now um the founders of tenant medium are
Liam Donovan and his wife who you might
know a conservative influencer named
Lauren
Chen uh I should mention so you don't
make the mistake I did of thinking
Lauren Chen and then I was thinking of
Melissa Chen who's a totally different
person so don't make that mistake if
you're on if you're on X you might see
both of their names fly by they are not
the same people and they're not related
anyway so Lauren Chen will have some
explaining to do but the the farri uh
well they call them farri that's not
right
 I I didn't even notice this when
I wrote it down but they're calling the
following people far
right um Tim P Benny Johnson Dave Rubin
and then two somebody I don't know
Taylor Hansen Lauren Southern and Matt
Christensen now I don't know if any of
them are far right but I wouldn't call
Tim P Benny Johnson or Dave Rubin far
right would
you does that does that fit your sense
of any of those three people Dave Rubin
far right he was just barely you know a
republican I don't I don't see how the
people who read this stuff understand
anything about their world if these guys
are far right these guys and
gals so anyway what we don't see is any
indication that the personalities
involved the podcasters were aware of
where the funding was coming from there
is there is some hint in the story that
they were suspiciously overpaid meaning
that they're there may have been you
know healthy cash payments for being
part of this organization on you YouTube
so YouTube would have like a channel
that would have all these people on it I
guess and uh there are people who said H
I am not so surprised that there's
external influence on the podcasting
world
uh Mike cernovich was saying uh he's
been saying for a while assume all
division grifters in other words people
who are uh trying to stoke division in
the country are paid up or under Federal
control and he's been saying that for a
long
time now my problem with the division
grifters as a descriptor is I feel like
that's what you call the people you
don't
like and if you like the people they're
not division grifters they're just
telling the truth so I've got a little
problem knowing if I'm a division
grifter by this
definition let me ask you am I a
division grifter am I making money by
causing division in the country yes or
no I actually don't know what you're
going to
say in your opinion do I make money by
creating division in the
country or or do I even make division do
I do I cause any
Division I think I do don't
I I'm pretty sure if you have a strong
opinion on anything that has anything to
do with side
it looks like more
division
um now do I do it for
money yes yes I do I mean in the sense
that I monetize my
streams so am I a division
grifter
maybe I mean it's not how I think of it
you know in my head I'm not thinking oh
I'll go I'll go create some division
today so I'll make some money I don't
think of it that way but if you were to
look at just the
outcome maybe yes maybe I have said a
few things that might have created some
Division I don't know um David saaks
asked this question he says hell uh when
do we get to see who's on Ukraine's
payroll I bet there's much bigger names
than
podcasters
well that would be interesting do you
think that there are big enti ities or
big names that are somehow directly
benefiting from Ukrainian funding
directly or
indirectly I wouldn't be surprised I
don't have anybody in mind who I would
accuse of that but I wouldn't be
surprised now does it seem to you that
this Department of Justice um thing was
going to happen anyway or does it look
like it might have been something that
uh is another way to hunt Republic
an was this just a convenient way to
smear some um
popular podcast
types do you think this would have
happened just on its own because you
know it came up and they had some
information so they naturally pursued it
and here we are and it's just a just a
few months before the election but
that's just a coincidence it's just a
coincidence right a few months before
the election it could be it could be
totally a coincidence
but I don't
know uh America First legal is doing
great work again so they they had tried
to get from Judge Maran one of the Trump
judges
um they tried to get his uh Records so
they could see if he made any Financial
connections to I guess his daughter's
business I think that's what it is um
and they didn't get a response so
they're they're suing again so they're
they're taking a second run at it
because they're getting
stonewalled now why do you
think they would get stonewalled on
Judge M's Financial connections well you
know if he has no sketchy connections at
all nobody wants you to see their
finances you know very few people would
be
okay publicly disclosing their finances
with you're a judge or anybody else so I
don't know if there's like bad reason
that they don't want to release them but
they are stonewalling and that would be
illegal under this
situation well here's an update on the
Harris tax plan so part of it is this
$50,000 tax benefit for new small
businesses so as I understand it the
small business could save $50,000 on
taxes uh but it could be spread over
multip mple years and it's only it's
only against their profits so they're
not giving them
$50,000 they're saying if you earn
$50,000 instead of paying taxes on it
you don't have to pay taxes on it the
first
50,000 now that would be and and then
the uh the reasoning is that new
businesses often cost up to
$4,000 and then I said to myself if I
could ever open a business for $40,000
wow do you know what it cost to open
let's say a small
restaurant one to $2
million you have to build out and and
have a restaurant and pay the taxes
until you make money and stuff yeah it's
like it's well over a million dollars so
I'm not sure what kind of a business you
start from 40 I'm guessing maybe
something like a you know hair and
nails massage business maybe so maybe
some little business where you're doing
a little bit of marketing and building a
website or something maybe maybe you
want to be a podcaster and you need some
setup costs build a studio so that would
be uh kind of interesting idea I know I
hate it um Harris is
apparently dropping her long-term
capital gains tax from what Biden would
want which would be over 39% down to
28 uh that would be higher than it is
now at is it
20 what is it now 20 long-term capital
gains
tax give me a fact check on that is it
currently 20 and they want to make it 28
right all right
um but that would be uh 28% for only
people making a million dollars a year
or
more um and uh but we don't know what
Trump
wants he might yeah so I think Trump's
tax plan is a little unclear at this
point um the house education and
Workforce committees this is members of
the the house have uh subpoenaed Tim
wals for records re related to I guess
there was a 250 million dollar covid
relief fraud just in the state so they
want to find out I guess if he had any
connection to $250 million going to the
wrong people um I thought I saw a post
by Elon Musk he was boosting somebody's
post that said something like over $200
billion a year in a government spended
is totally wasted through corruption
over 200 billion a year is wasted of
government spending on corruption here's
the biggest thing we need to
do I don't
think politicians should ever be allowed
to decide where money is
spent it's the one thing that guarantees
corruption as long as Government
entities especially in smaller you know
towns and stuff if they're the ones who
decide where you spend the money and
what vendor you hire you have a corrupt
system there's no way around that you
just can't let you can't let the
politicians decide it should be some
kind kind of a transparent bidding
process where the public can watch every
step of it and know if something sketchy
happened anyway
um I do wonder if this is a fishing
Expedition that's just purely political
if they have some reason to legitimately
believe that Tim wals is connected to
some bad behavior then makes sense but
if they're just saying hey it's a you
know it's a political year so why don't
we go fish around in this guy's
backyard that's a lot less cool you know
there are a lot of other states I'll bet
they all had problems but you're just
going to bug this
one I would say I'm tentatively
uncomfortable with the idea that he may
be getting singled out because I'm
pretty sure all the states had some kind
of big massive corruption problem from
the pandemic
anyway Baron Baron Trump is going to
college he's going to NYU the NYU Stern
School of Business first
day and uh here's the here's the part
that caught my attention um apparently
he'll be living in Trump
Tower so because he's going to school in
New York City just makes sense he lives
at Trump Tower can you imagine being 18
years
old and living in a city
I don't know who's with him I mean I'm
sure he has security and you know
there's probably some Livin help and
stuff um but where's
Melania is Melania going to be living in
New York
City with
Baron something tells me she'll spend
you know maybe two-thirds of her time up
there just so she's with
Baron no I think it's fascinating though
that uh he he's 18 and he's going to be
living in the Trump Tower with his at
least without his dad except when he's
in
town all right here's the fun part so uh
Trump did his town hall and
PolitiFact who I believe you would say
leans left did some fact
checking so would you like to hear this
is something I don't normally do I don't
normally read all the left leaning fact
checking because I think they're just
lies so let's have some fun and see what
P effect which I do not consider the
last word in facts let's see what they
said now here's what we'd expect what I
expect is that Trump would be
directionally correct but
exaggerate so that's different I think
than what we see from Democrats
Democrats will literally just make up a
hoax that just came out of nowhere it's
not directionally correct it's just just
made up whereas Trump has a a long
history of EX exaggeration so let's see
if all the things that they fact check
him on would fit into the category of
well he's exaggerating but you know you
can see the point all right so the first
one
is he said in Pennsylvania to the
pennsylvanians uh fracking is your
biggest business and you get a big
majority of your income from
fracking is that
true uh not very true um apparently it's
actually a very small percentage of
their total
income uh and it represents less and he
said you have half a million jobs from
fracking in Pennsylvania the real number
is closer to
22,000 less than 1% of the state's
overall
employment now um so is that an
exaggeration or is that just a
lie well I would say it's an
exaggeration and it's directionally
correct if you were
Pennsylvania and you knew that you could
approve this thing and your State's
overall employment would improve by just
1% wouldn't that be a great
idea there's there's no state that won't
take 1% extra employment 1% extra
employment is a really big deal if you
ask me that's a pretty big deal
so yes fracking would be good for them
they would make more money but it's not
their big
business and it's fewer people but it
absolutely makes a difference to the
state yeah it's not nothing so
exaggeration
um Trump said that under Biden 20
million people have poured into our
country being you know undocumented
illegal types according to
him what do you think is the real number
by the way I've seen Trump say might be
as high as 30 million we can't tell but
let's say he's 20 million well the fact
check says this um that Biden uh LED in
3.4 million
people who were um at least they were
brought in for Asylum purposes and they
have a hearing so there's 3.4 million
that came in through what you could call
a legal process but they are not legal
citizens it's just that they were they
met somebody at the gate somebody took
down their name and said you got to
appear at a hearing someday in the
future so 3.4 million of
those and then other numbers we have are
how many people were uh stopped and then
how many Goda aways we have so there
were around 10 million times that uh
immigrants were encountered 10 million
times
um and then there's the Goda
ways of maybe you know 10 or 11 million
ion or
something what no so but uh as
PolitiFact correctly says there are some
people who get uh caught multiple times
so some sometimes you get caught send
back and you just try again you get
caught so of the 10 million
encounters it might be far fewer people
let's say 20% less you know maybe 20% of
the people just tried again and got
caught
again do you see what's missing in this
data so remember this is a fact Jack on
whether 20 million people come
in there's no
check they simply mentioned the numbers
that we can know and if he if the only
thing you look at are the numbers that
we can know because that's what's
tracked then it's not 20 million but
Trump is not making the claim that we
can track everybody and that it's 20
million he's making claim that we can't
track how many people got in and if you
don't know how many people got in you
can't tell by the number you
encountered and you can't really tell
the Goda aways can you can you really
tell how many got
away I feel like we can't tell how many
came through a tunnel how many came
through a passage that nobody was
guarding and no drone had a video of
it so um it's entirely possible that
Trump is exaggerating
it's not our it's not our imagination
that cities are being impacted and that
we're spending billions hundreds of
billions Nationwide to accommodate him
so I would say that's you know he's
directionally correct directionally
correct
um let's see uh he also said Harris was
the first to leave the 2020 Democratic
race the
primary I didn't remember this but
apparently there were 10 can
Cates um who left before her because
apparently there's just a whole bunch of
Nob buies in the race so when Trump says
she was the first one to leave it was
sort of the first one of the the real
group of people who might have been
become president so is that a
lie well it's not technically correct
but is it directionally correct that of
the final handful of people that were
ever seriously consider for being
president the others were never really
serious at least in the minds of the
public um but she was the first of that
final
batch so not technically correct but
again directionally correct she was not
she was not the Democrats First Choice
second choice third voice fourth fifth
she just wasn't she was not their fifth
Choice
um Trump says I call her a comrade kamla
because that's what her ideology is her
father is a Marxist so they checked
whether her father is a Marxist he said
uh first it said that he was a economics
professor at Stanford I'd heard he was
an economics professor at Berkeley so I
have a question on the Berkeley versus
Stanford thing but uh don't know that um
but they do say that in July The
Economist magazine wrote that the
father's work quote is more unashamedly
Marxist than anything in modern American
politics so to their credit
PolitiFact called it false that the
father's
Marxist so they call the false studies
of marxist but they did put in the
opinion from The Economist magazine and
you'd think The Economist magazine would
have a good idea who's a Marxist and who
isn't because it's the economist that's
what economists do so The Economist
magazine says it's more unashamedly
Marxist than anything in modern American
politics so is he a
Marxist well probably he's like KY
Harris in the sense that he still like
some
capitalism um but is Trump wrong that
he's a Marxist or is an
exaggeration I would say it's probably a
mild
exaggeration and that he simply has a
bunch of marxist ideas on top of
capitalism but probably isn't 100%
against capitalism like KL Harris so is
Trump directionally correct yes
directionally
correct here's another one that's funny
um they went to Biden and they said we
want you out this is what Trump said
you're not going to win and it was
really a coup when you think about it
they fact checked whether it was a
coup I'm not making this up he called it
a coup and they fact jacked whether it
was a coup here's the fact this is
misleading coupa is a French term that
means the overthrow of a government
usually by illegal means and with a
threat of
violence
okay okay we all knew
that when he said it was a coup I think
we all understood what he
meant was he directionally correct when
he said it was a coup yes was it
technically a coup matching the the the
technical definition no does anybody
care no everybody knows what it was he
just uses colorful
language um then Trump said I had
interest rates at 2% now they're
10% this is so
trumpian it's so trumpian you think that
people would get used to it when he says
he had it down at 2% it was really 2.7
so he exaggerated how low it was but
also it was low because it was the
pandemic right so the pandemic lowered
things but is it directionally true is
2% directionally true yeah yeah ish it's
in the right
direction I mean in the sense least
comparing it to the much higher rates
now he says now they're
10% are interest rates
10% no
no they're like seven you if you want to
get a mortgage but is he directionally
correct from he said from 2 to 10 it
might have been
2.7 with the
pandemic to
7ish is he lying or directionally
correct well he's not technically
correct but directionally of course
interest rates are much higher and that
matters to us and so he said it
directionally correct
um he said I shut down the biggest
pipeline in the world talking about
nordstream that Russia was building it
was 100% shut down uh political fact
says that's mostly false it says more
than uh he did uh he did put sanctions
on it but the um the people building it
worked around the sanctions so he did
have sanctions that if the sanctions
held would have 100% stopped it but the
reality is the sanctions weren't
holding so is that
a u is that in the right direction well
it's the right direction in terms of
showing his policy was correct meaning
that he thought stopping that pipeline
was important for
America and so he did things which were
real and certainly slowed it down but
maybe wasn't enough
so I'm going to say that one's the
closest one to a failed fact
check but even then directionally it
shows that he was he was being a
hardnose about the pipeline and if you
want somebody who's going to be
hard-nosed about the pipeline or that
sort of thing in the
future
directionally he leans in that
direction so it's a little bit
directionally true but I'm going to say
that one's closer to a you know problem
with the fact check
all right so if those were the worst
things that they had on Trump are you
afraid do do you fear the second Trump
administration because the monster
that's coming in and all these terrible
lies he's
telling every one of them are in the
direction of something I really want
lower interest rates you know fewer
fewer illegal people coming in I want
all of the things he's he's
influencing anyway uh the Dallas Police
have now confirmed that there's a
Venezuelan gang problem in uh at least
one Texas City probably more according
to the Daily Mail I don't know I'm just
having a hard time believing any of the
news about the Venezuelan gangs I
definitely don't believe there's no
problem at all which some people are
trying to sell and I definitely don't
believe that uh they've you know taken
too much
territory they may
have too much control over some
buildings and some maybe
streets uh and that's a big problem so
again
directionally directionally the news is
accurate that we've got some gang
problems but one of the things that uh
Trump got fact checked on was that
they're emptying their they're entering
their jails now the fact Checkers say
there's no evidence
that Venezuela has let anybody on a jail
for the purpose of coming to
America as anybody ever seen evidence of
that because I haven't have you have you
seen a report about the vacancies in
Venezuelan
jails have have we interviewed specific
people who say oh yeah I was in jail
they let me out because they said as
long as you go to the United States you
can get out of
jail now I haven't seen it
so if you've seen it could you send it
to
me um and I'll give you my opinion of
whether it looks
credible anyway Elon Musk got a win his
a for a uh California had this content
moderation law that got challenged by X
and successfully so far um and it was
that uh the X and other social media
would have to to detail their um
definitions of what was you know hate
speech and basically what would not be
allowed on the
platform uh let's see they would want to
knowah
blah yeah so so X said that they
shouldn't have to do
that
and you can see why because the minute
they say this is our
standard somebody else is going to say I
just found something that's still on the
platform and you violated your own
standard so it's a
trap because so much of speech is
subjective that the moment you say I
have the subjective standard and you
know this is what we're using then it
gives everybody a million pieces of
artillery to say well what about this
one well what about this one in my
opinion this is beyond your standard why
didn't you do something about this one
so challenging in a court is a smart
thing to do and at least
so far it looks like it's
working um Politico is saying that if KL
Harris becomes president she'll get rid
of Garland as attorney general because
he's too soft and that she would get
somebody who is more aggressive going
after the January 6ers and
hunting political
opponents now they don't say that last
part but that's pretty
obvious there's new hoax according to
the National pulse William Upton um so
the new hoax is that Trump once took
cash from
Egypt have you ever seen anything more
consistent by the way this hoax is from
2016 it was already investigated and
debunked no evidence
whatsoever can you
imagine that when tuer Carlson said
years ago when he started saying this
that the Democrats accuse you of
whatever they're doing they literally
have a senator like one of their major
Senators who took $10 million or
something from
Egypt uh or whatever the number was took
money from Egypt and and now they just
make up a story that Trump is taking
money from
Egypt I mean it's so consistent whatever
they're doing the specific thing they're
doing that the thing is it's not even
they're not even accusing him of taking
it from a different Middle Eastern
country it's like that it both has to be
Egypt I mean so on the nose oh you guys
do whatever we
do
anyway well the uh war in Ukraine is
taking an interesting uh turn I watched
a video that I'm pretty sure is real
looked real to me nobody was calling it
out of a Ukrainian
drone that has a flamethrower attached
that's not like any flamethrower I've
ever seen before so when you think
flamethrower you think oh so it's going
to shoot what 20
ft
no and it's going to be you know a
little you know maybe a maybe 4 feet
wide and it'll shoot 20 feet and you
know you have to be right there to make
it no apparently this is using some
serious Fire Technology some thermite
type of stuff and there's a picture of
it flying over some uh positions that
Russians were hiding in and basically it
looked like a flame-throwing dragon from
the sky the the distance it was throwing
that
flame was holy
cow what is this if they have more of
those I don't know how they can lose my
God it is the scariest looking weapon
you'll ever see in your life and it was
going down a a row of uh trees where
allegedly the Russians were hiding and
the flame was just
basically just destroying the entire row
of forest as it went and any people in
it that's the scariest thing I've seen
now I've seen Game of Thrones so I know
that the
dragons you know when the dragons enter
the fight then you can tell which way
the fight's going to go because the
dragons never
lose if they've got dragons they got
robot dragons
dragons flying with flamethrower
mouths Anything could
happen all
right uh Netanyahu made me laugh he said
the Israel would not leave Gaza border
Corridor until it is
secure according to
Reuters uh so that's the uh the space
little strip of land between Egypt and
Gaza now the problem is that the gazans
were
uh through tunnels and probably tunnels
mostly they were getting stuff from
outside of Gaza like weapons and and
things so then Yahoo says Israeli won't
leave that Corridor until it is
secure do you know what that
means it's never going to be
secure they'll just say it's not secure
no they're not going anywhere Israel is
not going to give Gaza back to the Hamas
like anybody who thinks that's even even
within the realm of distant possibility
it's not they're just going to stay
there because it would be crazy not to
until all of himas is
destroyed so I think that's pretty
predictable all right ladies and
gentlemen those are my prepared
comments and if you didn't know already
the 2025 Dilbert calendar is available
for pre-sale you'd have to find the link
to buy it at dilbert.com it's not on
Amazon and it won't be there uh in order
to make it an America 100% which is what
it is now um I had to get rid of the
Publishers cut and also the Amazon and
bookstore cut because together they take
90% of the retail price and if I had
those cuts in there and also made it in
America it would be a really expensive
calendar so uh but it's still EXP still
a little high because of shipping
because shipping's crazy these days so
um in order to make it up to you there's
a comic on both sides of each page now
twice the comics yeah twice the comics
uh and it's a dilber reborn is on the
backs of each side those are the newer
ones that are edgier that you might get
in trouble if your boss sees it so be
careful about that you might want to use
it in your home office sales are brisk
so make sure you get yours early so that
we don't run out there is some
risk that if you wait to mid December we
might not be able to keep up with it
before Christmas so is very important
that you order early and it's good for
me so if you want to do me a favor and
keep me in business uh a pre-order is
good and if you want to lower your um
lower
your cost for shipping uh they make
great gifts so if you get more than one
your shipping won't look so bad all
right that's all I got for today I'm
going to go talk to the locals people
privately because they're special in so
many ways thanks for joining on YouTube
and x and Rumble I will see you tomorrow
same time same place bye for
now
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e e