hey everybody it's time for another
exciting episode of coffee with Scott
Adams
best part of the day is the parts that
gets your dopamine pumping coursing
through your veins making you feel alive
live I say it's gonna get better every
time and today all you need to enjoy
this perfect moment all you need is a
cup or a mug or glass it could be
Steiner a chalice or a tankard might be
a thermos a flask a canteen might be a
vessel of any kind but you want to fill
it with your favorite liquid and what
you want to do then is join me for the
simultaneous sip an unparalleled
pleasure oh I feel sorry for anybody who
didn't experience that so we've got an
exciting show I've got a special guest
who's gonna be probably more interesting
than just about anything you've heard
this week give you a little break from
the news if I could summarize all of the
news allow me to summarize every piece
of news on every website everywhere so
and so it was a racist that's it pretty
much that's the whole story
so and so it was racist so that's all
the news in a moment I will be inviting
my special guest and I say that he's
already here so let me bring him on
Steve Schuh it will give you a proper
introduction in a moment
as soon as you're here Steve can you
hear me whoops hold on let's try that
again Steve can you hear me
yes Scott can you I care you yes so for
the aliens this is Steve Schuh
co-founder of and Steve correct me if I
get any of this wrong co-founder of
genomic prediction is that correct that
is correct you have an impressive resume
which I want to tell to give all the
details but you've been to see your vice
president for research and professor of
theoretical physics Michigan State
University educated at Cal Tech in
Berkeley you are a Harvard junior fellow
held faculty positions at Yale in the
University of Oregon
you co-founded safe web they used Souls
for a whole bunch of money and your
scientific advisor at BG I and basically
all that is saying Steve is a very smart
guy and the topic today which is your
your startup is involved with startup it
that's the correct name right genomic
prediction is the whole name that is the
whole name okay and so you're using AI
and genomics to predict disease tell us
about that well this is a kind of
typical AI story that your listeners may
already be familiar with so as we
develop better algorithms and really
importantly as we get access to
sufficiently large datasets we suddenly
be able we are suddenly able to build
predictors for all kinds of complex
genetic traits and so what's happened in
the last year or two is that new
predictors for about 15 or 20 common
disease conditions have appeared in the
scientific literature including from my
research group and what that means is
that from an inexpensive genotype the
same kind of genotype that you would get
from 23andme or ancestry.com we can
predict or we can find individuals that
are outliers so what we're predicting
this into ordinary people language
you're saying that the the test itself
is inexpensive and easy
yeah the readout of your genotype so the
measurement of what exactly you have as
the
in specific locations on your genome is
now inexpensive in fact the cost to
23andme or to an actual lab to do it is
below $50 now Wow and how complete is
that in terms of what we can do and what
we do do for under $50 do we have the do
you map the entire genome or just the
good parts so this is an interesting
thing so we there are about three
billion locations in your genome and we
only differ you and I for example just
to take two random people we only differ
at about one in a thousand places so in
most places we're actually very similar
to each other are identical to each
other on our genome so one out of a
thousand out of three billion positions
is a few million differences typically
between two people and the inexpensive
technology called a gene array measures
your genetic code at about a million
positions of a million places where two
people are most likely to differ from
each other that's where there's the s
genomicists would say the most variation
in those locations yeah so it won't pick
up every single you know thing that
might make a difference but it
statistically it gets all the ones that
matter basically so places where there's
very rare variation like almost
everybody is the same at this location
but one in 10,000 people has a mutation
there the array won't pick that up but
the places where like 10% of the people
are a and 90% of the people are B or
even 98% of the people are a and two
percent of the people are beat it picks
up that kind of variation all right now
what it what are the practical things
you can do give us give us some nuts and
bolts you've got this technology who's
using it and for what so the the
practical thing that's become possible
just in the last year or so is you
genotype a population of people and you
say hey I can identify the outliers
let's say breast cancer risk I can find
the 1% of women that have the highest
breast cancer risk based on their
genotype and I can identify
by them inexpensively and I could for
example alter the way that they're
screened for breast cancer I could for
example screen them more frequently or
screen them earlier in life than would
be the case for a typical person as
they're not been screening for breast
cancer risk for a while or was that just
a one-off test whereas you can test for
an array of things all at the same time
so yes we can now test for a bunch of
things all at the same time using the
same sort of $50.00 genotype but what
the reason I chose the example of breast
cancer is that there are very rare
breast cancer variants called BRCA or
brick' variants that only about one in a
thousand people have and in that case
we've been aware of those dangerous
mutations for a long time and we have a
well-established way to treat women who
have that variant but what I'm saying
now is that there are 10 times as many
people who because of risks that are
spread out more evenly over their genome
but which we can now detect that larger
group of women can be identified using
inexpensive genotyping now so so there's
the the simple the simple things you can
look for that we always used to know but
then there's the spread out more
complicated situation which you can now
detect with the AI so that's exactly
about it
so who's using it and well let me give
you what would happen if you could
detect it does that tell you if you have
let's say breast cancer risk is that
telling you to go get a double
mastectomy if you've got the highest of
the high risk What's it telling you to
do in a practical sense sorry I am NOT a
medical doctor so this is not medical
advice but the American Cancer Society
recommends in the case of the bric of
variants that if you have one of the
variants you may for example start
getting mammograms or screening earlier
and more frequently than a typical woman
and
rising from many different individual
genetic variants that we measure through
the G array and with this would the main
benefit of this be given that the world
has limited resources for essentially
everything would that mean that we would
put our testing and you know mostly our
screening resources toward these people
who have the biggest risk so would that
make a big difference in how many people
are picked up early yes so I think
health systems are going to eventually
it may happen sooner in some systems
which are for example single-payer
systems that like the UK or Taiwan or
something like this they may screen the
whole population and then they may be
able to tell based on the genotype who
should be monitored more closely for
diabetes or heart disease or breast
cancer risk and then who for example at
the other end of the spectrum we can
identify people that are abnormally low
risk and usually low risk those people
maybe have you know one tenth or one
twentieth the chance of getting a
particular common disease as a typical
person and fold it go ahead and what
happens so trying to think through I
know you've had to wrestle with all the
social and ethical and moral dilemmas
that just naturally fall out of this
technology what would happen to health
care insurance if we could tell who's
going to be expensive from the first
place before anybody's even sick yeah
and then to tell who's gonna be
expensive right yes in a system like
ours this is gonna cause a huge problem
because you can have what's caught by
the economist called asymmetric
information so someone like you might
buy your genotype from a company and
find out what your risks are and then
you might then turn around and purchase
an insurance policy without letting the
insurer know that you're high-risk or
you know maybe you're definitely gonna
get Alzheimer's later in life or
something and you might that that one
policy if
you actually calculate an expected value
of it might cost the insurance company a
million dollars because miss price given
your risk right ensures are eventually
gonna be driven either to ask for your
janay rice policy for you or maybe
forces us to go to a kind of
single-payer system where all risks are
pong so interestingly this technology
might guarantee that we have a
single-payer insurance situation because
though because it seems to me that it
would be fair to charge somebody more if
they had not tested for their their
genome risk and just make that as the
only divider
if you've tested we don't care what the
result is you're okay you get the you
get the low price or or or if it's a
single payer I guess there's no price at
all because the government's paying it
but they're probably at some point I
think we'll see a distinction between
people who have submitted to the test
and people who haven't because the
people who have at least I've given more
visibility and more more chance of
chasing down a disease and preventing it
so if I'm an insurance company I want
all things be equal I want the people
who have tested right your description
is accurate however the issue is that
we'll never know who has already
secretly tested themselves using say
some commercial genomics company and is
therefore aware of some hidden risk
about themselves that they're not
disclosing and then his person's trying
to purchase a low-cost policy so it will
become very tricky to deal with people
who are not submitting a DA's DNA sample
when they ask for a price
well you're blowing my mind a little bit
here because I don't see any way around
the government being the only health
care insurer once this information is
widely available and there's a hundred
percent chance that this will be more
widely available because it's already
here and the price is affordable
am i characterizing that correctly yes I
agree with you a hundred percent and
what's happen is that health systems
will want to screen everyone at a
population level anyway because doctors
actually most of them do
to give the best possible care so if
you're a doctor and there's a very
useful test available you're gonna want
it for any patient that comes in for
physical right so eventually it'll you
know this this is so interesting because
it makes every conversation about health
care a sort of a moot point because
because we know where it has to go there
is easily another way to do it if you
look in the scientific literature at the
number of papers published on polygenic
but these are called the technical term
is polygenic risk score or polygenic
predictor the number of papers has
skyrocketed just in the last year or two
and so in this small scientific
community of computational genomics it's
well known what's happening however
policymakers most medical doctors most
people out in the world are not aware
that we've passed through this amazing
transition in our ability to predict
risk using genes now I'm trying to get
his size on this so let's say we let's
say we did everybody's genome just
hypothetically we had every adults
genome so we could tell who exactly are
the big risks for cancer if we had all
of that information and then people
acted upon it meaning they got more
frequent screening they were more
aggressive and looking for it maybe some
lifestyle changes as well if cancer at
the moment is a ten out of ten you know
I know I realize cancer treatments have
improved a great deal but let's just say
it's current state is a 10 and a 10 bad
let's say we started genome testing
everybody universally tomorrow from a
from a 10 and a 10 where would that get
us in terms of curing treating
remediating cancer well this specific
set of discoveries isn't necessarily
telling us anything about how to cure
cancer but it will improve our ability
to detect it early and to focus the
detection resource well I'm yeah I'm
conflating things not talking in the
medical sense but the ones that can be
detected early are effectively you know
treatable in a way that late detection
is not so
if you could imagine that 10 and a 10
where you start can you bring that down
to an eight or are you talking about
bringing it down to a a three in terms
of how big a deal cancer is to an adult
you know I think it is not gonna well as
so I'm not I'm not a medical doctor or
even a medical policy researcher all I
will say is that for a certain segment
of the populations of the people who are
say top 1% risk for a particular
condition the chances that their cancer
is detected early will increase
dramatically based on this genetics okay
yeah this is so there's no way to know
until it plays out will you also be able
to detect people who have unique
immunity to certain things in a way that
you could let's say capitalize on that
and turn it into a cure is that a thing
yes so for example one of the better
predictors that currently exists
although again this is only in this in
the scientific research literature none
of this has been deployed at scale
anywhere is for heart disease so we're
actually able to detect people who are
almost certainly going to have heart
disease and have high risk of a heart
attack later in life and people who are
almost certainly not going to have heart
disease and there are some protective
mutations associated with for example
being able to eat whatever you want and
never art and some researchers are
actually looking at the ability to
genetically engineer people like mod
modify you know and what is the
modification process I know I realize
this is a little bit saying science
fictiony but it's not really that
science fictiony because we're just
about there is that the CRISPR
technology is that stem cells what what
are the words that describe what you
would do if you wanted to modify an
adult so we're talking about using
CRISPR technology and actually injecting
it to treat the cells in the appropriate
part of your body that are involved with
for example the plaque buildup or
metabolizing cholesterol things like
this this is still speculative because
currently using CRISPR
an adult has only been looked at in a
very narrow set of cases because you
have to inject the CRISPR vector in and
effect a very large number of billions
at least of cells the other alternative
is to genetically and your engineer
someone when they're still in embryo and
then you're only trying to alter a few
cells and that that obviously has its
own other controversies yeah and we
probably don't want to bring talked
about that today that's just gonna take
us down a different path so what are the
one of the other benefits for adults to
have this information what what else
could you know about yourself besides
disease there would be functional and
useful for your life make your life
better the other aspect this is maybe
not necessarily well it'll make all our
lives better in a certain way but one
thing that all of this technology is
gonna change is law enforcement so it's
very difficult for a criminal not to
leave some DNA at the scene of the crime
like you're shooting DNA all the time
like individual cells off your skin or
your hair etc I'm not I'm not I'm not
sure together do they that's always I
have no hair okay Steve I'm having some
sound issues I can't tell if the
audience is having it - yeah there it's
getting a little garbled are you in a
bad cell phone place do you know
I think I lost a lost Steve let's see if
Steve comes back on connection dropped
due to too well wait a second and up
there he's back let's try this again yes
you're back in here you're clear again
we missed we missed the last 15 seconds
while you were just saying oh so from
the genotype that we can easily derive
crime scene DNA we can predict traits of
an individual like what they look like
what their ethnic background is but we
can also match them and find relatives
so typically in an investigation you'll
be able to find a second cousin of
someone right away please really want to
solve a crime if you know a second
cousin the person you've now narrowed it
down to so so so in other words if you
find some DNA in Denver of at a crime
scene you can run it against you know
known public records or not or even
private records I suppose of known DNA
and if you find a second cousin you can
go to the second cousin and say hey do
you know anybody in your family who's
from Denver and if they say yes you got
a good chance of finding the guy is that
about it that's about it and we
currently have hundreds of thousands of
untested rape kits in this country which
if the authorities were serious about
solving those crimes in many cases
there's gonna be DNA from the rapist in
the rape kit and they could narrow it
down to a hundred people almost
immediately so it's just a question of
how serious they are catching this
person wait what did your company do any
of the rape kit testing so I'm a founder
of another company called Ostrom which
is 100% devoted to law enforcement and
military applications of DNA forensics
and that company does does work with law
enforcement to catch criminals it could
be how many how many untested rape kits
are there it's hundreds of thousands
Oh oh my god are you telling me that if
Trump could somehow get all of these
rape kits tested I supposed to see state
authority probably not federal but if
they were all tested which is probably
just a matter of money is that yeah is
that the only thing so it's only a
matter of money you could probably solve
or at least narrow down more than a
hundred thousand rape yes there were
there was a great paper written by a
Stanford economist where he estimated
the ROI from processing all these this
backlog of rape kits and when you you
know it cost about a thousand dollars to
run the kit then of course you have to
you have to track down the killer so
there's still some gumshoe detective
work involved but he calculated that you
know when you when you catch someone
often these people are serial rapist so
you're often reducing the overall
population of rapists that are out
roaming around substantially and so he
calculates one of these like society
fails an IQ test
now what what do you think is preventing
you from happening is it knowledge that
it's now inexpensive or is it still
budget even though it's inexpensive they
still don't want to spend the money at
the local level what's what's the holdup
well everything has changed so the
technologies I'm talking about have only
existed for the last year too and so
well yeah so it's just ketchup time
older system of our enforcement which
you may remember from the OJ trial it's
at all only captures a limited number of
markers from you genome and therefore
it's not reusable so so the old
technology of the OJ technology would
match the criminal to the you know the
crime to the suspect if you had the
suspect in hand yes but if you don't
have the suspect in hand you're not
going to be able to find it from
relatives or anything else but the new
technology does that yes yeah you you
caught on extremely quickly yeah that's
exactly the issue is in the old days
it's like got the guy in the
in the cell you can say was this the guy
who left this DNA that's about all you
could do with it and sometimes no I was
her was the Golden State killer caught
with any of this technology somebody's
asking that in the comments that's
probably the best-known example of this
new use of a technology so so he was
actually Cobb based on identifying the
relatives
yes Wow and that's that's a serial
killer that's pretty good stuff so who
who in the world who would be the most
important person in the United States
government wise or otherwise who upon
hearing this could act upon it in a way
that would get these these kits tested
is it is it a federal thing there's at
all just a bunch of state or even worse
a bunch of local city decisions it's all
three so whoever you know depending on
who who has custody of that rape kits
they would determine at what pace these
things are tested now if one person say
Donald Trump became aware that there was
this huge benefit that could be had just
from processing his backlog of rape kits
with the newer technology he could
probably get it going because at least
some of this stuff is in federal hands
or he could push the money out to local
Wow and what do you think would be the
budget to get rid of that backlog of
rape kits well if you say I have a
hundred thousand kits and it costs a
thousand dollars to process a kid that's
about a hundred million dollars but you
know if you think about what we spend on
prisons and law enforcement it's it's
not a lot of money oh it's so it would
be a thousand dollars to test the kid
not fifty dollars so the extra expense
here is that typically you're dealing
with a very dirty sample here you've got
to do all kinds of chemical prep
biochemical processes before you can run
the you may ultimately be running a
50-dollar genotype or a hundred dollar
process at the end but you've got to
prep it and clean it and do all these
other things it's difficult and dollars
would it make more sense for the federal
government to send up a lab where
everybody sends it in for testing or
would it make more sense for every
individual latinum State or something to
just sort of
do it on their own there are great
advantages to scale which is why at a
tharam which has a 4,000 square foot
special lab with air handling and all
kinds of cleanroom characteristics you
know there are reasons why to have
specialists in this kind of DNA
processing forensic work all in one
place and who can operate at scale and
so that's what we did when we invested
in this company can you spell the name
of a tharam yes its oth our a.m. and a
tharam in the Lord of the Rings was the
wall that protected ministereth from the
orcs and Sauron well you you have
demonstrated your geek credentials very
well I think I think my audience will
appreciate yes so you know you've
probably been watching the news and you
know that President Trump authorized the
big expenses for AIDS drugs to keep
people from spreading it I guess and if
you spent enough on on those AIDS drugs
you could almost eradicate it in the
United States just by by making a
prophylactic that worked and the the
thought that we could take a huge bite
ant of cancer and and other disease what
are some of the other diseases that
would be caught early that you could
treat early there are other diseases
like type 1 and type 2 diabetes heart
disease hypothyroidism all kinds of
common diseases generally have some
complex genetic architecture and now the
AI type work is able to identify people
at high risk just from their genotype
Wow
so if we had a hundred million dollars
at the federal level in a lab and would
author and be able to do all the work
you'd have to you'd have to gear up
tremendously to handle big volume right
to handle the national volume you need
even bigger lab but you know these
things people know how to do right I
mean all now pretty mature technology
that we're talking about and scaling it
relatively
so it's something that could get done we
can be at processing everything
efficiently within a couple years if
government were serious Wow and if you
talk to any any billionaires to fund
this sort of thing because that well so
autumn is a venture back startup and
among the investors are some billionaire
type people of course you know it it is
getting a fair amount of traction with
law enforcement I think it's bigger
obviously it seems like the kind of you
have it's very unique because it's the
sort of thing where if you're in the
police department and you find out that
the city next door is using this and
you're not you kind of have to use it
don't you I mean you can't really hear
about it and know that somebody else is
using it and yeah you're is it you're
bringing public attention to it will put
pressure on law enforcement to actually
use the best technology to catch people
we're talking about here are killers and
rapists I mean if there's anything that
every American can agree on is that
people who commit crimes like that
should be caught right whoa yes what
what if one of the individuals who are
let's say associated with the victim
wanted to self-fund the testing with
local law enforcement allow that well we
have actually thought about creating a
GoFundMe or kind of you know patreon
campaign where people can donate money
to get rape kits or kits taken from
Killers process because oftentimes the
issue is money law local law enforcement
doesn't have the budget to actually do
it or maybe that they're allocating the
budget differently because they
themselves don't understand the new
technology and don't realize how
powerful it is Wow well this is this is
really amazing so you know the the the
three big takeaways here that are just
sort of blowing my mind
what what is that knowing people's
genome and their risk is likely to push
us toward a single-payer health care
system no matter what your no matter
what your philosophical or political
leanings are there's going to end up
being only one feasible way to have it
that's that's a mind-blowing thought of
course you know that the future is not
predictable in such a straight line but
just the fact that that's out there and
I don't think anybody outside of you
know your industry sees this coming it's
it's almost going to guarantee enormous
changes in our healthcare situation but
it also might lower the cost of some of
these bigger problems by catching them
early or whatever it would would a raise
or lower the cost of health care because
on one hand we would be doing massive
screening and then massive prevention
but when you save people as opposed to
waiting too long and then they they die
tragically
unfortunately people dying tragically
from things they didn't know they had is
probably less expensive than treating
them isn't it or do we even know that a
trade-off there at fixed outcome so say
you say you don't wanna you're not
really trying to change the death rate
or incidence of these diseases if you if
you're at that fixed outcome you can
save a ton of money right so you can
catch things earlier and treat them much
earlier you get better outcomes at lower
cost so it's net beneficial of course
you can always spend an arbitrary amount
on your healthcare system that's a
overall decision that you want to make
like you because you could drive down
the rate of incidence or the that
treatment the cure rate you could
increase that by just spending more
money but but basically if we wanted
health care as good is what we currently
have now you can get it more cheaply by
catching all these diseases earlier Wow
all right and then it would have a huge
impact on on crime so is there anything
else that we should know anything I
forgot to ask you well the other
mind-blowing aspect of this technology
is that for people undergoing in vitro
fertilization today they can screen
their embryos using these genetic
technologies and they can make sure that
like if they're if they have a family
history of type 1 diabetes or breast
cancer they can pick the embryo that is
a low risk rather than a high risk
embryo they can kind of break that chain
of inheritance in their family where the
different genetic variants that are
predisposed
the people in the family to breast
cancer are not passed on to their their
next generation
would it be fair to say that those are
also the expensive things in the
healthcare system yes so the things you
could prevent by choosing the the embryo
is that what you're testing the embryo
so the embryo is external to the human
being you've got a few embryos and test
tubes essentially I'm simplifying and
you could test them to say oh of these
embryos this one is unlikely to get
these horrible diseases and over time if
everybody did that you would effectively
eliminate those diseases would you not
maybe not fully eliminate but you would
drive down the rate of incidence in the
overall population which would drive
down the cost of healthcare overall
which could make a single payer quite
inexpensive relatively speaking
given that the the horrible diseases are
also the expensive ones yes you know I
mentioned the ROI from testing a rape
kit and locking up a rapist in here we
were talking about a genetic test that
at the embryo level only costs a few
thousand dollars say to test ten embryos
or five embryos the ROI from that to
society if you if you end up say
preventing having a kid with type 1
diabetes the the ROI there is phenomenal
and it's something government's will
eventually figure out I hope so I'm
seeing people of freaking out in the
comments they're saying eugenics
eugenics and what is the my take on all
of this is that it wouldn't matter what
you thought of it ethically or morally
because it's going to happen would you
say that's true yes because well let me
give your listeners a statistic so
currently in the world today
1 million embryos are genetically screen
each year worldwide and currently what
they're screening against typically is
Down syndrome or well-known single gene
variants like this brick'
breast cancer thing rare variants that
the family is known to be carriers for
but because the genetic technology is
improved everybody can screen and
eliminate some amount of risk for
themselves so it's going to become not 1
million a year but 10 million a year or
or our screen and maybe people even
choose to do IVF even if they don't have
fertility problems so in a sense we're
already you know people like to use the
scariest word for it because it you know
has connotations for every worst thing
you can think about but in the sense it
would just be doing better what we're
already doing because we're already
screening for these few things but now
we could just screen for more things so
exactly I mean down syndrome is about a
1% risk and so people still people
already sort of routinely screen against
it and so now we're just expanding the
set of things you could screen against
so what happens when somebody starts
screening for height well that's the
real slippery slope so the technology
currently exists although we don't offer
it to rank order your embryos for height
because we think that's you know that
society's not ready for that kind of
thing but for disease risk everybody
kind of agrees like nobody wants to have
a child that is gonna have you know a
short or unhealthy life and so almost
everybody agrees it's very analogous to
Down syndrome we're screening against
some cystic fibrosis or some rare
genetic disease everybody agrees we
don't we it's it's reasonably defensible
for the parents to just say well if I
have 10 embryos don't implant the one
that is definitely going to have early
risk of breast cancer let can we have
nine healthy ones can we just implant
one of the others well it's gonna be a
whole lot of questions to be answered in
the future and thank you so much Steve
issue could you tell us how how most
easily people can connect to your
company or your Twitter feed or website
where where would they find more about
what you're doing there are two
companies here one is awesome so if you
google oh thr a.m. you'll find it and
the other one is genomic prediction and
you can type in genomic prediction all
one word.com and you'll find it great
and are you on twitter i am on twitter
my handle is my last name underscore
steve so it's shoe underscore steve but
you can just google
to type in my name to twitter steve hsu
and you'll find me right away
okay so last name shoes spelled hsu
thank you
Steve this was incredibly enlightening
it's been a pleasure I and I'll talk to
you again soon and have a great day have
a great day bye I Wow how about that huh
that was interesting
let's talk about the news so as I said
it turns out everybody's racist my
favorite news story from yesterday was
President Trump was doing a little press
conference thing and somebody asked him
about Nancy Pelosi's comment where Nancy
Pelosi said that President Trump is not
trying to make America great again but
rather she said he's trying to make
America white again and he was president
was asked about that and what did the
president say he said that's racist
that's a very racist thing to say now I
don't know if you could be a racist if
you're a white person talking to another
white person I don't know but apparently
we've reached a new level where
everybody is a racist and I think that
Trump whether he's thinking of it
expressly this way or he's just sort of
feels it instinctively the whole racism
claim has become so ridiculous
that I think has lost its power or it
might be heading in that direction in
the sense that so so think about the
people who have been called racist just
in the past month
Joe Biden I mean not technically called
racist but Carla Harris questioned his
past opinions on busing for example
Nancy Pelosi president Trump my favorite
is Steve Cortes who's a trump supporter
who appears on CNN was accusing let's
see what's the name of this guy he just
did an interview on CNN with
was a hot Ally oh I think he writes for
The New York Times and and Ally actually
suggested that Steve Cortez he actually
said this to Steve Cortes and repeated a
few times he goes quote no matter how
hard you tried to beat the Latin face of
Trump they'll never love you and they
kept repeating that they'll never love
you it was like super racist but it was
to people of color one calling the other
racist and again the whole everybody's a
racist thing has so jumped the shark
I'd be weird we're so in the territory
of it's just ridiculous and remember I
always tell you that the the slippery
slope always has always has something
that then forms as a counterforce
there's always something that changes to
make you not slip forever and I I think
you probably will be back and forth on
this but it feels like we here some kind
of a weird racist wall where it all just
looks stupid it all just looks
ridiculous I think the credibility of
any of these claims is zero now part of
the reason the credibility of claims of
racism have approached zero is that it
gets more and more obvious than it's
sort of everybody you could find a
reason to call absolutely everybody a
racist for example a popular thing that
the Democrats are saying now is they're
saying the Democrats are saying well
President Trump is definitely a racist
now because of that tweet which of
course didn't mention race yeah that's
their usual thing he mentions countries
and then people say you're really
talking about race and I forgot my whole
point there I was going for something
very clever
it'll come back to me
that are just looking at your other so
the other thing they're doing is they're
trying to say that everybody's
xenophobic how many people in the United
States had to look up xenophobic I think
they're using xenophobic because racist
wasn't quite landing what do you
remember the story of President Trump
taking the British diplomat diplomat out
of the country he called him he called
the diplomat basically stupid and
worthless and he kicked him out he
didn't actually kick him out but he made
it impossible for the guy to keep his
job and and sure enough he quit or got
fired I forget but that guy was British
here's a white guy did anybody say that
that was racist no they didn't but if he
had been a person of color they would
have right so I think we've got to the
point where everybody is calling
everybody racist just all the time and
it's completely lost it's starting to
completely lose its power now here's the
math the the racism math that the Left
got wrong for three years they've been
adding example to example of all the
reasons President Trump is allegedly a
racist individually every one of those
reasons is either weirdly off point or
literally fake news for example a
birtherism is about a birth certificate
not really about race it's the same play
that the president used when Ted Cruz
you know was rumored to have some
Canadian roots so so we know it uses it
for that
and we're watching uh I'm just reading
your comments was totally taking me off
my game today so we're watching people
of color calling other people of color
racists we're watching AOC call Pelosi
racist
we're watching everybody be called a
racist but because the president has
been called a racist for a hundred
different reasons right that you know
I'm exaggerating but the the left have a
hundred different stories which they say
all oh he's a racist because of this and
this and this and this and this and
because of this and this and this so
what the president knows math wise is
that this latest provocation in his
tweet added one percent it added one
percent to this mountain of imaginary
information that they have to call him a
racist adding one percent to it almost
certainly is not going to change any
votes because the argument only changed
by one percent and it wasn't very
persuasive to begin with but what the
president got for this in return and all
the smart people are weighing in today
you know Newt Gingrich is saying it you
can see it in a bunch of people are
saying that the president has
successfully put all the energy on the
the squad as they like to call
themselves and cause them to be the face
of the Democrats that's the last thing
that Pelosi wants it's a total losing
position because they're so unpopular
even the squad is unpopular very
unpopular even within the Democratic
Party so the president's play seems to
be completely successful he put all the
pressure on the squad made them the
story which makes them the face of the
Democrats which makes the Democrats
really have no chance of winning and why
he traded for that was he added one
percent to a thing that was already
ineffective all the complaints about the
the racism
so I would say that was a pretty pretty
good play and what I'd love to see is
Trump taking this further because he has
he you know he's always a be testing
things even though if he even if he
doesn't think of it that way
he throws stuff out and then he sees
what the reaction is and if it worked he
does more of it so he's testing about
this about that one of the things he
tested and again this was probably just
spontaneous but now it's out there is
when he accused Pelosi of being a racist
he can kind of watch and see what
happens okay was was that good was it
bad and I'm kind of loving this I'm kind
of loving it because you saw that Steve
Cortes was also accusing his accuser of
being a racist
obviously aoc and the squad or racist I
think that's fair to say and what would
happen if the Democrat message turned
entirely on that what if Trump started
calling them racist all the time
remember when the fake news was first a
phrase you you almost forget that it was
used against Republicans and against the
president so the two words fake news
originally were born as an attack on
Republicans and on the president what is
it now well now it's the opposite now
fake news means mainstream media it
means see and that means MSNBC it means
all the illegitimate people who are
attacking the president the president
rebranded that so thoroughly and
effectively then it took their little
attack and turned it into a land mine
that kills them every day I think he may
have sniffed the opportunity to start
flipping the racist thing around because
the thing about the racism allegation is
it's the allegation that matters the one
thing that was proven in the last three
years is that as I say often the facts
don't matter at all
what matters is
if you can get your if you can cause
your opponent to defend against the
accusation you win even if they do a
good job if you if they can spend all
their time saying I'm not a racist you
win it was the position they tried to
push Trump into but it just it just
flows off him he doesn't for he's Teflon
that way as long as his supporters are
out under ninety four percent in his
corner I think he's in good shape David
Axelrod said of the president's tweet
and his strategy
he said now David Axelrod of course is
has been a campaign strategist expert
for the Democrats so he'd be one of the
smartest people in in politics I would
say one of the smartest people about how
to do it you know how to win an election
that that would be his expertise and he
says above Trump with his deliberate a
racist outburst real downer Trump wants
to raise the profile of his targets
meaning the squad drive Dems to defend
them and make them emblematic of the
entire party it's a cold hard strategy
yeah it's a cold hard strategy that
works
that works because he wouldn't be
talking about it if it didn't and I
think there might be a new a new feeling
of panic setting in because the
president has really tied up 2020 with
this stuff I mean it really makes a huge
difference all right
so everybody's crying wolf about racism
until it means absolutely nothing to
anybody and then Oh dr. drew somebody's
asking me about dr. drew
he is scheduled for I think Friday let
me check my calendar yeah I'm gonna talk
to dr. drew on Friday about the what's
called the homeless situation in LA but
I think we're gonna learn that
homelessness is the easy part to solve
the real parts are the the mental
illness and the drugs and and diseased
everything else so we'll talk about that
see if there's a smarter way to think
about that we'll do that Friday all
right so it turns out the North Korean
envoy who was rumored to have been
executed by Kim jong-un for doing a bad
job negotiating is alive and he'll be
negotiating it looks like so that whole
rumor that I guess came out of South
Korea was completely nothing completely
nothing all right I think those are the
main things I wanted to talk about today
is there anything else on your mind
I'm just oh yeah
so I almost missed the story there was
some anti fuh bomber who tried to attack
some Border Patrol's facility and it
didn't get as much attention as I
thought I should it's not in the
headlines it just sort of came and went
is that because it's anti far
now and I'm wondering if that's an
anti-fraud thing so we've got a whole
bunch of interesting things going on
here and I saw some videos today on
Twitter of Obama talking about
immigrants and children and cages and
stuff and Obama sounded actually worse
then Trump does you know if you hear an
out-of-context you say to yourself man
that guy's a badass on immigration but
we'll see what happened to Kamala Harris
well I think you have to wait for the
next debate see if she can make another
another move I keep expecting Biden to
be taken out by the other Democrats it
seems like that's where things are going
so we'll see
Peter Thiel versus Google I didn't see
Tucker Carlson's interview with Peter
Thiel I haven't recorded I'll probably
watch it today but my my understanding
is that the gist of it is that he'll
thinks Google is I hate to use the word
traitorous because there's a specific
meaning but maybe not not sufficiently
in the United States corner with this
working with China versus the United
States so I think there's some
definitely something there there's
something to that
all right I think that's all we need to
talk about today make sure you're
following bill Polti he continues to
give away money to people who have made
a good case that they need it on Twitter
so follow him at at cult a pul te and
you're gonna see a fun show because he
spent he's been contacting people who
don't know they're gonna get money and
then you can get to see their reaction
which is very touching and it's
spreading people are talking about it
all over looking at ways to directly
give and so follow that and that's all I
got for now I will talk to you all later