have I soall long enough I think I
have good morning everybody and welcome
to the highlight of human
civilization it's called coffee with
Scott Adams and happy 420 we're going to
have quite the show today oh my God if
you'd like to take this up to levels
that you can't even believe with your
small human brain well all you need for
that
is a copper mugger glass a tanker cheler
Stein a Cen Jugger flask a vessel of any
kind fill it with your favorite liquid I
like coffee and join me now for the
unparallel pleasure of the dopamine of
the day thing makes everything better
it's called the simultaneous SI happens
now oh
well we do have to mention that it's 420
day and today you can do the fun
exercise of trying to decide if I wak
and baked before the
show now I'm not going to give you any
hints you have to use your own
judgment did I wake and bake or did I
stick with coffee today no hints we're
just going to do the show
all
right I just saw a quote by uh Elon Musk
I guess he was at some event and Cano
the great had a clip on it and uh Elon
said the history is written by The
Victors well yes but not if your enemies
are still alive and have a lot of time
in their hands to edit
Wikipedia
so history is written by the
losers now I think I told you that a
while ago and I think uh maybe
everybody's
noticed it's literally true that the
losers are writing the history because
the people who are doing the you know
the academics the the you know the
textbook writers they all seem to be a
certain kind
of people and they're they're not the
people who crushed it so I think the
losers are rewriting history to uh maybe
try to
win which would be a good strategy
I wouldn't mind I would do the same
thing all right U Sports Arenas
according to axios they're seeing a uh
increased demand for non-alcoholic
drinks because apparently there are more
people embracing the the dry or they
call it damp lifestyle where they cut
down or quit drinking
alcohol now what do you think caused a
decrease in alcohol
use because you would think that the
pandemic would have increased
it and you wouldn't really expect it to
go down all the way you know especially
if people got used to it what what
exactly would
cause people to drink less part of it
might be the the availability of weed
some people may have just gone to weed
but we can't say that because that would
encourage people to do drugs so I think
one of the things that the news can't
report because they don't feel
comfortable reporting it they say
probably there's an alternative that's
legal that wasn't legal before it may
just be a alternative thing the other
possibility is that more people have
heard that alcohol is poison and that
that reframe is having some impact maybe
could be just that people come to the
same realizations at the same point
could be just a whole bunch of people
saying hey why is everybody obese maybe
alcohol is part of it you know it could
be just something in the air everybody
comes to the same same idea at the same
time but alcohol is uh decreasing in
popularity I I believe it's also
decreasing in popularity among the young
I I think high school kids are drinking
way less I I've heard that anecdotally
I'm not sure if it's
true well how about the other things
that are killing us Wall Street Journal
is uh is reporting today that your food
is killing you and that uh if you eat
wrong it affects your ability to think
how many of you already knew that if you
have a bad diet it makes you stupid and
not just in the long run it it'll
actually make you stupid for that
afternoon how many of you knew
that now I knew it from my own
experience I didn't know it was
necessarily scientifically true but I
knew beyond a doubt that if I eat the
wrong kind of food for breakfast my
afternoon was done now we used to think
that's some kind of oh your your uh
stomach is diverting energy from your
brain to digest your
food did do you remember being told that
when you were a kid that that morning
that afternoon slump was only because it
was food it's just food or no food if
you eat food you get a slump and you get
a brain F well it turns out that it
depends what food you eat if you ate a
big breakfast with saturated fats and
sugar you know you had a you had your
dut and cereal and that sort of thing uh
that by the afternoon you'd be stupid
basically I'm sort of summarizing the
science but basically it makes you
stupid now how many of you noticed that
in your own life is there anybody who
said oh yeah that's I've I've I've seen
that in myself I've definitely seen it
in myself yeah that and that's why I
take such caution to make sure that
breakfast doesn't ruin my day breakfast
is the worst meal of the day and will
ruin your entire day if you overdo it h
whenever I see somebody healthy if you
ask them what they eat for breakfast
it's usually
minimal or something pretty pretty
protein
filled so here's the important part
about this
um is that the Wall Street Journal has
elevated it to you know a national story
so it's like a story written in the
front of the Wall Street Journal that
our processed food is killing
us and uh there's somebody named
Gearhart who is doing some research I
guess and gearheart and colleagues are
saying that uh there should be a new
mental health disorder called ultr
processed food use
disorder or High highly processed food
use disorder and it should actually be
included in the psychiatrist and
psychologist um manuals do you think
that that's appropriate do you think
that
that a food I don't know food preference
disorder should be part of the
psychological
literature I'm going to say yes that
that actually seems completely
appropriate to me so once again um I'm
finding that the world is going in my
direction if they're drinking less
alcohol and they're realizing their
processed foods are killing them then
they're definitely on my team and
they're at least they at least agree
with me I can't say I'm influencing it
but on the other hand I do I do think I
work in a I live in a simulation and I
do think I can influence it so the fact
that it's all going my way I don't know
maybe that means something maybe it
doesn't Thomas Massie is talking about
speaker Johnson who is a republican like
Massie but not one that he is liking too
much so uh Thomas Massi says the swamp
tasked Mike Johnson with three betrayals
of America number one pass an omnius
that spends more than Pelosi's omnius
done number two reauthorized domestic
spying without
warrants
done and number three uh send 100
billion to Wars around the world now he
hasn't done that yet but he's trying to
do that today so this afternoon they'll
have a vote to send your money to other
places here's my
prediction The Tick Tock ban got stuffed
into that
package so if they vote for the bill it
bans Tik Tock after six months if they
don't sell
it um in my opinion the Tik Tock part
will kill it meaning that uh I think Tik
tock is worth too much money to too many
people for a senate to have a majority
against it so I think the Tik Tock Bill
might have been a clever poison pill it
might have been a way to kill the whole
bill if you put the Tik Tock thing in
here people people can't handle that so
so my prediction is that I don't think
Tik Tock can be banned because I don't
think our politicians are operating
independently
if we had an independent body of
politicians doing whatever they thought
was right in a
republic probably yes because that would
be the right thing and it would
represent the the smartest decision but
given that we don't have anything like
that and our government appears to be
totally rigged um I'm saying that that's
probably a poison pill so I'm going to
vote that the the bill gets rejected
they may not say it's because of the
poison pill to but I don't see a world
in which Tik Tock gets
approved now there is one
possibility in which it could be the ban
could be approved you know that Steve
minuchin and some other people are
looking at trying to buy whatever assets
Tik Tok would sell them to reproduce it
with an American
flavor if the CIA is beond that and they
might be then the CIA would be happy if
it became an American entity that they
had a back door
to so it could be that the CIA wants the
Tik Tock uh ban because that would give
them more leverage and more spying
ability in the United States than Tik
Tock necessarily would because Chinese
uh controlled company doesn't want to
give the CIA a back door but an American
controlled company might have no
choice so if you assume that the CIA is
behind the ticktock part of the uh bill
then it probably indicates it will be
passed so actually if it gets passed I
would say that's a pretty good
indication that the CIA said yes to
selling Tik Tok to get a control of
it so it could go either
way all right um Elon Musk said that the
ban on Tik Tock would conflict with the
First Amendment and it is not what
America stands for well here's the
problem with uh reasoning from analogy
which I never expect to see um Elon mus
do except you have to respect that he's
running a major Free Speech
platform if it were my job to run a
major Free Speech platform I would be
against Banning Tik Tock because that
would sort of be my fiduciary
responsibility to the company you know
to to make it clear that Free Speech has
got to be the higher you know the higher
standard however
um analogies never really work and Tik
Tock is not like any other American
entity and we have plenty of history of
banning things from children if it's
dangerous so this isn't a free speech
issue it's a child protection issue if
you see it as free speech then
absolutely it should be allowed if you
see it as something damaging to Children
such as porn or excessive violence or
something hypnotizing them to kill their
parents right there there'd be lots of
things you wouldn't want children to see
but you would never call them Free
Speech would
you if you were Banning hardcore porn
from a
six-year-old would you say oh you're
taking away the six-year-old's Free
Speech no of course not of course not
you would say it's about the
endangerment of a
child so I think that the Free Speech uh
frame is the wrong one for analyzing Tik
tock I think that it should be uh legal
for adults everywhere no matter who owns
it and it should be illegal for anybody
under
25 now you're going to argue with me
whether that should be
18 and that's the argument I
want right if I say 25 and we compromise
on 21 or 18 I'm still happier than if I
hadn't been banned at
18 and some people say but Scott kids
can just have access to it anyway and
they say Scott it's up to the parents to
ban it not the government to which I say
have you ever been a parent let let me
if if you're not a parent maybe that
makes sense but let me explain to you
what every parent in modern America
knows now if your kids are already grown
you don't know this so so just stay out
of the conversation if your kids are
already fully grown if you have kids
today you can't get them off of social
media unless it's
illegal good
luck it it has to be illegal and then
you've got a chance I mean you can't
really stop teenagers from smoking
cigarettes but the fact that it's
illegal helps a lot it helps a lot right
and it's probably one of the reasons
that marijuana is being used more by
teenagers is that it's not as illegal as
it was it's still illegal it's still
illegal for kids but once it got moved
into the it's sort of like alcohol
category you should naturally expect the
kids would do more of it so yes it's up
to the parents but the parents need a
little help and that little help is if
the government could say it's illegal at
your age that would go a long way to
helping the
parents so I'm going to disagree with
musk but I'm going to respect his stand
for free speech because if I ran a free
speech platform I think I'd say the same
thing he's saying is that fair is it
fair to say if I were in his position I
would say the same thing he's saying
because I think he has a bigger sort of
a bigger role in the Free Speech debate
but I don't I mean I can just look at
all the variables so I I can disagree
with him while completely respecting his
position on that but I don't know that
he would disagree about banning it for
children at some age I mean I don't know
what he his position is but if I said
what about children under 12
I think he'd say
yes to Banning it for children under 12
and then it gets dicey you know once you
get to the teenage
years all
right so Tucker was on Joe Rogan made
some uh news it's both things you've
heard but every time he says it it's
just mind-blowing so according to Tucker
he's had people who really know how the
government works actually elected
officials at high levels tell him that
they are frightened to death of the
intelligence agencies in our own country
and that basically the intelligence
agencies are running the
country now that that comes from Tucker
who tells us he's not guessing he
personally knows the people who are in
this situation and they will tell you
privately yeah we're scared to death of
the CIA and uh we think they're in all
our business and they could put us in
jail for anything they wanted and they
could block anything they could fund
anything block anything
basically we're afraid of them now if
you're afraid of them it means they're
in
charge so if you believe you were living
in some kind of a democracy
Republic you haven't been for a long
time now here's something I said in the
man cave last
night but I'm going to say it again
suppose you've been around when the
founders were designing this system and
they were saying all right we we need
something like a democracy
but we can't really trust all the
uneducated people to vote so it's not
going to be a real democracy it'll be
something we call a
republic then the people will vote for
their Champions you know to represent
them and but then you'll get the smart
Champions who will be the ones in charge
now what else would we like well we like
some free speech oh got to have that
because without Free Speech the whole
thing falls apart I think you'd all
agree right so you want your free speech
and then you want your um free markets
so you want capitalism and free markets
now you've got a really good system that
will last forever right well here's what
if you would put me in charge of it as
one of the founders you said here's the
system we're going to
build if I thought that technology would
never
improve I would say huh that looks like
that could be a good system because Free
Speech can't really hurt anybody
Free Speech meant I could talk to the
people who were within shouting
distance right Free Speech meant I could
talk to people who are within shouting
distance that's it how much damage could
I do if I can only talk to people who
are within shouting distance that that's
the limit of my technology oh yeah I
could write a letter and have a guy on a
horse deliver it yeah but if I owned a
newspaper suppose I owned a newspaper
well now my free speech is sort of a
powerful tool of
influence who owns
newspapers rich
people so even if I
were a uh you know a young person
designing the Constitution with the
founders here's what I would have said
all right hold on a second you got your
free speech which basically is going to
give all the power of influence to the
newspapers because newspapers existed
so I would say and newspapers are owned
by rich people and the the poor
uneducated only know what they're told
so it looks like you're designing a
system that will concentrate all the
power in the in the rich because the
rich can not only contribute to
campaigns and get people elected but
they can control the means of
communication now let's uh fast forward
a little bit and you've got the internet
now you're Free Speech isn't just a
question of the people in shouting
distance now if you're influential you
could have a million followers on X you
could start your own podcast suddenly
free speech is a super super powerful
and dangerous thing but what happened to
the
newspapers are they controlled by rich
people
yep do you think that do you think that
Jeff Bezos wanted to own the Washington
Post
think of everything that Jeff Bezos
cares about and does you know he's
building Hightech he's he's making a
rocket to go into space he he's
redesigning Commerce itself and he
wanted to own a
newspaper no there's no chance he wanted
to own a newspaper do you know who
wanted him to own a
newspaper I assume our intelligence
agencies I assume they went to him and
as they can to every rich person in
America America they said some version
of
this uh do you know how big the big the
uh business is that you do with the
government you know the government puts
a lot of money into your AWS service you
know your your servers and stuff
billions of
dollars and you know they're only doing
that because we put a good word in their
in congress's ears so or the military
whoever so we could probably make you
billions of dollars poorer and we could
even pass some legislation that's bad
for Amazon oh there's a million ways we
could destroy Amazon and nobody would
even know we did it it would all just be
like background noise the public would
never even be aware just your company
would go out of business or you could
buy The Washington Post and then we
continue controlling the coverage but
you're going to pay for all their
losses so if you lose few $ million per
year on the Washington Post because you
know you can never make it make money
and and by the way do you see Jeff Bezos
with all of his entrepreneurial Powers
trying to make the Washington Post
profitable I don't see it no don't you
think if he was really like that was his
baby like he really wanted to make news
work it would look completely different
by now CU he's an inventor he's an
entrepreneur he would have changed it
completely but sort of the same which
deeply suggests he didn't buy it for his
own
purposes it looks like he bought it to
keep Amazon alive because if he doesn't
buy it and control it for the benefit of
the people who do control the
country he can't run Amazon anymore
something bad will happen something bad
will happen of many many things as
Schumer says they have they
have six ways from Sunday or something
like that
so here's what I think I think that our
system as it was designed the design
guaranteed that we would become a
fascist company country and that we are
indeed a fascist
system and let me Define Fascist my
understanding of fascist is that the
country is not a democracy or anything
like it not a republic but rather the
only Power is the government which is
sort of a permanent government
and the big
companies that's our current system our
current system is that the intelligence
people help our big companies operate
overseas you know they say hey you can't
do that to our big company overseas
because we have a military and we have a
government and we're backing this big
company so if you mess with this big
company we're going to come at you with
all of our other tools so now we can
operate in other countries so the
government and the big corporations have
always wored work together and they they
have a symbiotic relationship so the big
companies can fund the government and
you know their their lobbyists can give
money to people and stuff and then the
government needs that
money and they and the the Intel
agencies can make the government do
whatever they want so you basically have
a have a system in which by its design
there was only one way it could
go it if if you knew that the internet
would
happen you could have easily predicted
that rich people the elites the elites
who own companies plus the elites are in
office are all working together and that
we don't have anything like a democracy
Republic then none of that is actually
real and that all of it has been
artificial theater for the benefit of
the public now it does appear especially
with all the bush Dynasty and Clinton
Dynasty stuff I mean it looks like our
presidents have been selected by the
intelligence agencies for decades yeah
because everybody's either an ex CIA
head or they're CIA adjacent or they're
related to somebody who's in the CIA a
lot of coincidences a lot of
coincidences there so now it looks to me
like the government has been a a fascist
entity but it couldn't have been
anything else if you looked at the
original design if you add free markets
that lets the rich people get richer if
you add freedom of
speech it means that you and I can talk
to each other and it makes no difference
but if you want to talk on the internet
the rich people will make sure that you
don't say anything they don't like
you'll get banned you'll be suppressed
on the internet so the Free Speech was a
power that the rich could exploit that
the poor could not so the the the
non-rich people would just get kicked
off of social media and you could be
pretty rich and still get kicked off of
social media see Alex Jones he was
pretty rich before he got kicked off but
he wasn't he wasn't Oil Company Rich he
wasn't bankr he was just Rich for like a
person so there we are if you had free
speech and free markets to something
like a republic and wait it guarantees
you'll end up with a fascist system but
here's the interesting part it might be
the best
system I hate to tell you no obviously
the system would be deeply rigged for
the elites but the Alternatives might be
worse because the Alternatives give you
stuff like you know everything you don't
like basically you don't want the uh
uneducated population to be in
charge because you wouldn't be a
powerful country so it might be that the
combination of the fascist combination
of big companies and big government at
least protects you from other countries
pretty well and that your biggest risk
is another country dominates you and
that if you only solve that one
problem that you keep other countries
from messing with you because you're
more powerful than them it might be
that's the only lasting system there is
it might be that every other system ends
in conquest by the bad guys so so if you
tell me it's necessarily the worst
system we could have I don't know it
might be good for some things and
terrible for others but I don't know if
there's a better
one so that's where I see things uh the
other thing that uh so Tucker basically
confirmed that we have a blackmail
accuracy and that the government is not
in charge it's the the intelligence
agencies just what you thought but then
Tucker also said that
uh that there's some kind of uh not UFOs
so Tucker doesn't believe that something
is coming from another planet but he
does believe the
phenomenon of whatever these
unidentified things are is real now he
believes the US servicemen have died as
a result of contact with
them and that it might be some kind of
spiritual
thing uh I think none of that could
possibly be true I don't think any US
service people died because of a UFO
whether the UFO came from another planet
or was spiritual I don't believe any of
the spiritual stuff or any of the UFO
stuff I do think there's a good chance
that Tucker got um Sydney
pow remember I told you that the whole
Kraken thing with Sydney Powell sounded
like somebody told her a story so
ridiculous about the Venezuelan General
getting into the machines that it would
guarantee to ruin her forever and it
did so from the first moment I thought
why is this reasonable attorney person
saying something so obviously outrageous
that if this doesn't turn out to be true
her entire life is ruined didn't turn
out to be true entire life was ruined
and then we have Tucker who has secret
information he can't tell you about from
Secret people saying that there's some
phenomenon that's real and then he goes
on television
it tells you the phenomenon is
real do you think that that makes his
credibility greater that he believes in
demons and
angels
nope it it pretty much makes a guarantee
that half of the country will never
listen to anything he ever says
so there's that so I wonder where he got
that information but I don't think any
of it true that's my
take um there's a
Bill to
uh to hold the Supreme Court
accountable so it's a representative
Schiff oh Schiff and Rasin the two
people most associated with the uh
intelligence agencies the two most
corrupt Republicans famously the most
too corrupt they're both trying to uh
establish an office of the Inspector
General within the judicial branch to
ensure that there's ethical standards
and that they're protected from undue
influence now you can see right away
that that's an attempt to create a
legislative entity that can control the
Supreme Court and remove the separation
of
powers this is exactly what it looks
like this is a fascist country that sent
out their two lead fascists Rasin and
chiff neither of these people are
legitimate they are they're just oper
they're just Ops right it it's fairly
obvious if you've been watching them
over the years they're not just
politicians they're working for
somebody probably our country but
they're working for somebody that's
probably not just in politics it's
probably the intelligence agencies it
looks like it because they seem to be
deeply uh they're up there their
eyeballs in every hoax it can't be that
it's always the same two people who are
in every hoax like the the the leaders
of it yeah it's not an accident so this
would be an attempt by the intelligence
people to take out the only remaining
source of checks and balances which is
there are more conservatives on the
court thanks to
Trump it's exactly what it looks like
it's an attempt to take out the Supreme
Court as a powerful entity in this
country right in front of us and by the
way there's not really a second way to
interpret
this there really isn't this is exactly
what it looks
like exactly what it looks
like meanwhile there was a guy that set
himself on fire in front of the Trump
trial you probably heard about that and
he was a of course people are trying to
say he was a trump supporter but no a
trump supporter did not set himself on
fire in front of the Trump trial it was
somebody who donated to Democrats every
year there's a photo of him with Bill
Clinton he's as Democrat as you could
possibly get and he lived by the way the
other way you know he's a Democrat as he
set himself on fire and
lived that's pretty much the entire
Democrat policies let's see if we can
set the country on fire but critically
we want to survive it you know with
major Burns we'll never be the same and
it'll be the worst experience we've ever
had but that's a good idea
do you think this guy who set himself on
fire burned for two minutes and lived oh
somebody says he died he live he lived
for a day I
guess if you're saying he died that
means he died recently because he
because he was alive when they took him
to the
hospital but anyway he seems to
represent the entire Democrat policies
so he had a rambling Manifesto which was
clearly crazy but not crazier than the
people who have not yet set themselves
up on fire let me say it again he was
clearly insane you could tell by the
manifesto but his Manifesto was no more
insane than every single night on MSNBC
and no I'm not joking that's not
hyperbole that's not a clever little
humorous thing I threw in there his
Manifesto was not that far from what you
watch every night on regular television
so the television he watched was just
like him
uh the world is ending you know
everything's so bad better set myself on
fire well I saw some new polls saying
that RFK Jr's uh numbers are starting to
decline so he's around 7% he's been high
as as high as almost 20% at one point
um but I think the polls don't tell you
his chances because his chances depend
on neither Biden nor Trump making it to
the starting line of the
election and that is much greater than
7% I put it at 30% just my own personal
estimate based on what I know about the
world I would say there's a 30% chance
that neither Biden nor Trump are viable
candidates by Election Day by viable I
mean that Trump could be in jail or
indicted for something worse and Biden
could be a vegetable
if Biden is a vegetable and it should it
probably won't make a difference unless
it happens by the summer before the
convention
but I'd say there's at least a 30%
chance that neither Biden or Trump make
it to the start
line so don't look at polls RFK junr has
an absolute path that's every every bit
as good as the other two I think it's a
three-way
tie not by votes but by the likely
outcome of what's happening to the other
people you don't think
so well do you know that Benny Thompson
he's a Democrat he's introduced a
legislation uh on Friday that you would
lose your secret service protection if
you are convicted of a federal or state
offense do you know who Benny Johnson is
or Benny Thompson Benny Thompson he was
the head of the January 6 committee the
corrupt January 6 committee Benny
Johnson would be at the top of the list
of people who will go to jail if Trump
becomes president in my opinion I I
think he would certainly go to jail
because the January 6 committee all
belong in jail and at this point we have
pretty good information that that it was
a rigged uh process and that they hid
exculpatory evidence and if that's not
Insurrection or a big crime I don't know
what it is
so so Benny Thompson probably knows that
if Trump gets in office um the entire
power of the presidency will be focused
on destroying him and should be that
would be the correct the correct
response would be to completely destroy
Benny Thompson and everybody who was on
the corrupt January 6 committee the
January 6 committee was an
Insurrection they they tried to control
the country through a a corrupt process
so yeah I
mean it's about as illegal as you can
get so yes he's trying to get Trump
killed literally right in front of you
by seeing if they can convict him on
trumped up charges pass a law that
removes his secret security secret
service and then hope that something
happens that naturally would happen
after
that they're trying to kill the
president to cover up their
crimes right in front of you Benny
Thompson is trying to kill the president
the ex-president and maybe the next
president so that he can stay in a jail
right in front of you there there's
nothing hidden here it's right in front
of us now do you think that we have a
republic or a democracy when they can do
this right in front of you with no
there's no push back no you don't live
in any kind of a country where the
public has a say at
all all right um a story that
uh that Biden is using losing young
people you've heard this story before
but when you look at the data he's not
losing young people he's using he's
losing young men so young men are just
totally abandoning
Biden young men did not fall for
wokeness at
all the the men see it for what it is
apparently even the young men so you
don't have to be old and experienced to
see what it is you just have to be male
apparently and you can see the
 so the the Democrats have
become the party of uh Basia crazy women
and men who are so crazy that they're
becoming
women and beta men who are some in
between men and
women so politics is entirely a gender
thing now and everything we think about
the
policies it's not really about the
policies it's just men versus women at
this
point all right well over at the mental
health Channel that I call
MSNBC um one of their hosts Stephanie
rule uh she was she was saying that uh
the reason that gas pric are high has
nothing to do with Joe Biden uh guess
what it has to do
with let's see there's a political
season there's a trump running for
president what would have caused the
high gas prices definitely not Biden I
mean certainly not him what could have
caused it how about Russia how about
Russia wanting to get Trump
elected can you believe that
msnbc's audience are so
stupid that they would tune in to see
one of their hosts saying that gas
prices are high because they threw in
the Saudis too they because the Russians
and the Saudis want Donald Trump to be
elected they're actually hearing that on
their
Network yeah that's another example of
losers writing history right there
literally the losers writing
history yep batshit crazy women Network
well um FBI director Christopher Ray he
told us something alarming apparently
China has developed the capability to
get into uh our critical infrastructure
whatever they choose to which I think
means that they already have right if
you say that China can get into our
critical infrastructure at a time of
their
choosing that would suggest there's no
doubt they can do it which suggests
they've already done it and they just
have to activate the bad behavior so I
think he's telling us they're already
inside our
infrastructure am I
wrong so and he he thinks we're um you
know maybe in our all kinds of stuff it
might be in our uh water our water
services our transportation could be our
electrical could be our
internet could be the 911 system all
those systems
very very scary could be in so many
systems wow well this suggests uh an
easy fix you know there are a lot of
troubles we have in this country where
we where you look at it and you go I
don't even know what to do about that
but this one thankfully there's an easy
fix so the problem is Chinese hackers
are in all of our
systems but
one there's one they can't get into so
let me show
you so let's say this is a uh map of all
of our
systems and there's China trying to get
in them so you've got our you know water
electrical transport you got the 911
system the internet all of our critical
systems except this
one there's one system that nobody can
get into it's uh it's our election
systems and our election systems are
secure in all 50 states and in every
Precinct so in order to fix all this
vulnerability of our in infrastructure
it's a fairly easy thing all you have to
do is get the election people the people
who work on the technology for the
elections to tell the other
infrastructure people who apparently
maybe didn't go to school for technical
things like I don't know too much about
the people who run the the water systems
but I'm guessing maybe they were uh
possibly English Majors or our history
so what they need is the real technical
Geniuses that work on our election
systems which have never been hacked and
which are 100% secure from China and as
well as any inter internal Bad
actors and likewise our transfer
electrical but what's what's the
weirdest is that the people in Silicon
Valley who manage the
internet people run the 91 911
services that even they don't know how
to secure a
network so there's something they could
learn from their betters the the better
people who work on the elections because
I don't know if you know this but when
uh companies are recruiting to get their
best technical people if you're working
for let's say the you know the critical
infrastructure structure like the water
911 or the internet Transportation
something like that you can get away
with you know B minus
talent but that's what it cost you you
those B minus technical people all the
hackers got in they couldn't stop the
hackers but the election
systems the election systems thank God
thank God when they hire the people for
the election systems they only get
Patriots first of all so there's nobody
who works on the election systems who
could be bought off you know or coerced
by blackmail they're not even influenced
by blackmail and that that's really you
know
admirable so black male can't get to
them and there's no way you could ever
hack them because they're they're
brilliant they're smarter than the
Chinese smarter than even our own CIA I
mean even Europe can't get in this is
like so
secure that China doesn't even bother
probably they probably look at it and
they go there is no way we can get into
the election systems but thank goodness
we can get into their water and all of
their other critical infrastructures but
never never could they ever get into our
election systems
so thank goodness for that am I
right and uh the aliens are uh demons
and they're here it's all true the the
demons are in
spaceships
yeah so things that we
know uh tick tocks no risk
whatsoever uh aliens and demons have
spaceships and they're here and they're
killing American Service people we've
got a warehouse full of them and uh the
election systems are the only ones that
can't be
hacked so these are the truths that we
know for sure a lot of things you don't
know for
sure but this we know for sure am I
right well um so if China is hacking
everything here's a related story that
China's given some pandas to San
Francisco Zoo so they got some giant
pandas now my recommendation would be to
uh check the pandas for listening
devices I think the pandas are wired
do you think do you think China is going
to hack into every single one of our
infrastructure except the elections
obviously uh and then give us pandas
that are not wired no no if you say
anything near a panda that goes straight
to
China the pandas are wired be
careful don't say anything in front of a
panda that you wouldn't say in front of
President she that's my
advice well Riley gains a female athlete
who's active in the trans aete uh space
trying to encourage people to stop doing
that um tells us that you probably heard
this the Biden
Administration uh just tweaked Title
Nine so that it allows um that your sex
is whatever your gender identity is so
the the upside of that or the upshot of
it not the upside but the upshot is uh
that people who were born biological
males but have transitioned would be um
welcome to play on all the women's
sporting
teams
so if you're worried about the
capability of the Democrats who are
behind most of these
things this is one of those stories that
should give you some
confidence because in other areas you're
seeing them do some things that seem
almost irrational don't
you but
i' I'd love to know the meeting where
they came to this decision so the
Democrats decided they looked at that
women's sports and they decided they had
basically one problem that they could
solve and and the Democrats decided that
the big problem with women's
sports not enough
 not enough
 and so it looks like they're
they're going to plug that uh
problem uh I won't tell you how they're
going to plug it or what kind of plug it
is but they're going to plug it and um
and now women sports will have way more
 uh in in the locker room so they're
going to have locker room but also
on the field just just lots more
now if you think Scott that's
ridiculous de Democrats don't make
decisions based on the amount of
that's crazy have you seen immigration
lately
yeah do you see a lot of ladies coming
across the border no it's mostly
and the transportation unit for the
which is the rest of the the man the men
that are coming across so pretty
much uh the Democrats who are a party of
women they largely get together and they
say we're looking around at our men
bunch of beta
men we really need more
everywhere so you'll probably see a lot
more decisions like that Jeff Bezos
building a big old rocket yeah it's all
really the same thing they're just
trying to get more
 um Bill
Maher makes more news as he does every
Friday night on his show and he does say
that Tik Tock is a entrapment now he
doesn't like to use the correct words
which are hypnosis and
brainwashing but he does say that the
kids are
entrapped um in a sense that they're
sort of encouraged to question their
own sexual
identification so sure enough um even
Bill M says that uh Tik tok's a mess and
he and Bill Moore also says he's now
buying into the fact that there is a gay
agenda and that the quote gay agenda is
being implemented on minors and he
showed some videos of some
uh lgbtq instructors saying exactly that
that they were pushing the gay agenda
every way they could into their
classrooms
so Bill Mah is uh now pretty black
bu and uh I think he can see it but I
would ask him to do a little tweak in
his language
entrapment feels like using the wrong
domain you are brainwashing the children
that's what Tik Tok does it's a
brainwashing
device and uh sure
enough he also talked about uh NPR CEO
who shares the last name with him her
name is Katherine Mah no
relation
um and uh he he says
uh she he quoted a bunch of crazy Lefty
things she says such as sure looting is
counterproductive but is founded on
treating people's ancestors as private
property
um she said she's sumon with CIS white
Mobility
privilege um Mar said that that she's
the kind of woman who says she's Beyonce
spirit
animal and even bill marah says this is
the type of person who Rises to the
ranks of corporate
America yes the the people who say the
right things especially if they're women
um Can rise to the ranks because they're
they're filtering for this stuff not
capability and he says that Liberals are
destroying meritocracy so they can
create a fantasy
land uh but attempt to apply the rules
to
reality and he says in other words the
behavior of someone
insane there it
is Bill Maher just went
totally Democrats are batshit crazy
women
he doesn't use the words but he's saying
it that the the his party the Democrats
are dominated by batshit crazy women uh
he couldn't say it more clearly without
saying it exactly the way I said it but
he's on the same page I am and that is
the correct page and I think he sees
that he doesn't have a place there
because he's not a beta male he's not
badshit crazy he's he not black he's not
person of color he doesn't have a role
in the Democrat Party that I'm surprised
he has men totally canceled yet he
probably will
be meanwhile over on the Trump jury for
the Stormy Daniels uh Trump lawfare
trial uh they've got 12 jurors and five
alternates U by my count that's uh no in
six alternates so by my count that's 12
plus six that's 18
Liars that's 18
Liars now you know they're Liars because
at some point in the questioning
somebody said do you think you could be
unbiased about
Trump uh yeah totally Trump who uh
president ex-president Trump Donald
Trump Donald Trump never heard of him I
think I could be totally
totally
unbiased have you
voted voting well yes I do vote but I do
it
randomly I I don't even decide who the
people are I just live a
court yeah I I could totally be
unbiased in fact I I I don't even think
about him I've never even had a thought
about President Trump it's my first
thought now here's the fun part
this might be more fun than you
think I'm going to tell you something
that probably shouldn't tell you but I
may have told you before I was once on a
trial in which um 11 people said the the
accused was
[Music]
guilty and I had a problem with it so I
hung the
jury it only takes one person
but that one person who hangs the
jury has to be a real
 I mean you have to be a real
 well fortunately I was up to
it I was totally up to the job now why
did they why did I hang the jury I won't
give you the details but I thought it
was in the interest of
Justice right it was wasn't for a
personal interest I had no personal
stake in it whatsoever in my
opinion hanging the jury and letting
this person off was the correct answer
you you should have seen the defense
attorney when he talked to the jurors
after because the defense can interview
you later to find out why why' you do
that I thought I had such a good case
you know how how how could you possibly
not find him
guilty and uh couldn't tell him the
truth it was just something I saw that I
didn't like about the case now
um Trump is in a Democrat country and
there are plenty of
Democrats one assumes that almost the
entire jury is
Democrats but here's the fun part
they're all liars we know that for sure
they're all liars there's nothing I'm
more sure of than they're all
liars but did they all lie in the same
direction we don't know that it'll only
takes one out of 12 to be the
 and Trump
walks they only need one person to stand
up for the
country they only need one person to say
I've had
enough they need one person to say this
is law fair it's not Justice we're done
here you can't change my mind one person
now what are the
odds that not even one person snuck
through not even
one CU he only needs one but that one
person needs to have balls of
steel or ovaries of Steel if you
prefer you need one person to set this
right just
one so if you think that those lawyers
are smart enough to vet all of them and
know how they'll vote it doesn't really
work that way
they really are not smart enough to know
how everyone will vote because there
could have even been a Democrat who
snuck
through like me I'm a registered
Democrat if I were not you know well
known for talking in in public if I if I
were asked to be in that
trial do you know what I would
say e actually even me even if it were
actually me with my current job and my
public profile if I were the jury and
they said do you think you could be
objective about this knowing that I
spent years talking about Trump should
be your president do you know what I
would say I would look him right in the
eye and I would say yes our system
requires us to be objective and although
like most people I've had preferences
for politics I would never never bring
that into this situation because the
justice system needs to be pristine it
cannot be influenced by politics I very
very much do not want any bias to be
part of this I will look at the evidence
subjectively and I will rule in this
case as I would rule with anybody else
in any other case because nobody is
above the
law and then I'm on the
jury and then when I get in the Jury
Room I'm going to say all of you
 you're never going to change my
mind we might as well stop right now
because I'm going to stop it because
it's lawfare and I don't even want to
talk about the evidence
yeah you could you could be fine with
your you know I'll just look at the
evidence I'll do my job as a juror you
can do that it's a free country you
could choose to do that I'm not even
going to talk you out of it but here's
the thing you're never going to change
my mind because I will never let this
Injustice happen in your country I would
never let this happen to you you and you
you of the jury if I'm on your jury and
you get accused of some bull like
this I'm going to I'm going to hang
strong for you I'm going to save your
life if I get the chance and I'm going
to do it here too and you're going to
have to physically kill me to stop me
from doing it so you could talk all day
I don't want to hear it it's not about
the evidence and it's not about loving
Trump it's about I can't live in this
country under this set of
corruption so they made a mistake and
put me on the jury
and now I'm going to fix it and there's
nothing you can do about
it and then I would fix
it just like I did once
before so it's it would take a special
person to be able to put up with that Al
love I mean they would get death threats
they would get death threats and
everything else so you'd need somebody
who's really willing to take it all the
way you know you need you need the
bravest person you've ever seen to do
that but maybe
maybe all right uh oh my God here's a
Laticia James update so attorney general
Laticia James one of the Dei hires who's
trying to take Trump down um is now
asking a judge to
block the 175 million
Bond and she wants to block it the
payment of it because um president Trump
has not proved that he could pay
it
now that's a story that could only exist
because the public doesn't know how
stuff
works does she know what a bond is the
point of the bond is that the state
doesn't have to worry if he can pay the
bond issuer pays if Trump decides to
walk and doesn't pay for whatever reason
whoever issued the bond pays the entire
thing to the state it is not the state's
problem that that Trump can't pay it is
none of the business it is a risk that
the bond holder took because the bond
holder operating in a free market looked
at it and said I can make some money on
this because it would be a good business
in fact I I have to tell you A friend of
mine actually bid on it so a personal
friend of mine bid on that Bond and was
absolutely happy to do the business
because it would have been super
profitable it would have been a really
profitable business so if if this Bond
issuer doesn't want to do it I'll call
my friend and say
hey because he he has the network he has
the ability he's in that business he he
he can Bond
it so what do I make of the fact that
Leticia James either doesn't know what a
bond is which seems deeply unlikely or
she's hoping that you don't know what a
bond is or that somebody else doesn't
know what it is so that she can make
stop this thing so she can seize his
assets this is happening again right in
front of us this is not hidden this is
right in front of
you so I think Leticia James should be
in
jail
literally but how how in the world is
this allowed she should be in
jail with uh all the other Dei hires
that are going after
Trump not because of the Dei part but
because of the going after the Trump
part
anyway um the uh Baltimore
mayor um he wants to take the covid
funds that they got for the city and
distribute it to Art groups as long as
they aren't
white so so they've got a Dei
mayor um who says that uh wants to take
that money and make sure it doesn't go
to white
people to balance things out for
something in the
past how is that not blatantly illegal
and
racist it's
[Music]
like yeah I I feel
like it's all right in front of us it's
just completely racist completely
corrupt
but fear
not well well obviously you know so many
so many of our systems are
corrupt we do have one thing going for
us and that one thing can save
us nobody can get into our election
systems all right ladies and gentlemen
this concludes my show for the day uh
let's take a vote how many of you think
that I was celebrating 420 before I got
on here I'll tell you the truth by the
way I want to see your vote
how many of you said oh you look a
little bit like you celebrated a little
early this morning go ahead tell me how
many of you think
that I 420 celebrated before I did the
show most of you say
no few yeses the answer is no no I did
not have I ever done it before the show
yes many times could you tell the
difference you never mentioned
it I don't know you never mentioned it
but it's not something I'm doing at the
moment it was more of a pandemic
thing pandemic was very boring but I
don't like to do it if you know if if I
can go outdoors and you know have a life
and stuff I don't like to do it in the
morning so that's where we are thanks
for joining on the platforms of YouTube
in Rumble and X I'm going to keep the uh
locals people on here but for the rest
of you thanks for joining and see you
tomorrow for another amazing
show locals people you're
up
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e e