hey everybody come on in here yeah it's
time to talk about all the stuff in the
news while having coffee with Scott
Adams and as luck would have it I'm
Scott Adams and if you'd like to enjoy
simultaneously sipping it's one of the
great bonding experience of your life
all you need me as a cup or a mug or a
glass a tanker challenger stein the
canteen jug or flask a vessel of any
kind filling with your favorite liquid I
like coffee enjoyed me now for the
unparalleled pleasure the dopamine for
the day thing makes everything better
the simultaneous hip go oh yeah oh yeah
yeah so here's a weird thing last night
I had yesterday I had decided to rewatch
the original Star Trek series do you
remember the original Star Trek with
William Shatner from the 60s or whatever
it is and I haven't seen it in so many
decades that it was like watching it
brand new and I was really enjoying it
because it's it's sort of a Eclipse a
glimpse into the past of how society was
and you know on board the Starship
Enterprise if you don't remember the
original series I'm watching the first
several episodes rewatching them and it
was just me too all over the place the
entire Starship Enterprise was just
everybody be chewing each other so that
part was hilarious but here's the funny
part
so I'm watching I've never done this
before my entire life I have never sat
down to rewatch all of the original Star
Trek's since I saw them when I was a kid
and I wake up this morning and there's a
message on Twitter from William Shatner
my life is so weird because I guess it
was yesterday he had asked on Twitter
and I follow him on Twitter and he had
asked if people had seen the new Picard
TV show it's a series and it's on I
think it's only on Amazon you know it's
on CBS all access which you can see
through Amazon and probably directly and
I think I was probably the first person
to responded and aside that I watched it
I liked it it was actually really well
done better than I thought actually and
this morning I wake up to see a tweet
from William Shatner saying that Dilbert
likes it
I mean referring to me of course the
Dilbert likes it with a smiley face and
I'm thinking William Shatner knows who I
am and I thought that might be the
coolest thing that ever happened to me
in my entire life and I've had a pretty
cool life but anyway I'm just I'm just
being a fanboy here and enjoying that a
little bit all right everybody's here
let's talk about the news I'm not going
to talk about the COBE stuff I think day
two should be just about the family I
just want to point out one just one
positive thing about that you know
everybody feels the same it was like a
it was quite a punch in the gut for the
entire country but I was watching one
replay of where he had said that when he
was 15 years old he made a promise to
himself that someday he would be
remembered as a talented overachiever
now what he meant was that he would work
hard so that whatever talent he had he
would take it to its you know maximum
overachieving level and I thought that's
that's very much what I talk about when
I talk about the differences between
wanting something and deciding because
when I got my original contract to be a
syndicated cartoonist there was a long
long path from getting a contract
to actually succeeding and I made myself
a similar promise I promised myself that
I would never be able to look back and
say that I didn't I didn't succeed
because I didn't work hard enough and I
think Kobe made the same promise that he
would never look back and say I didn't
work hard enough and it looks like he
and I both kept our promises to
ourselves so I point that out because
it's the difference between wanting
something in which you don't dedicate
your life to getting it you just want it
versus deciding Kobe decided that's if
you could take away one story from Kobe
it's not about wanting all the things he
got it was about deciding it's a big
difference and once you get that
difference suddenly life is more
approachable alright that's enough about
that sad topic today we have a Bolton
bombshell it's a bombshell I tell you
and I feel as though the world had to
wait for me to wake up to put this in
perspective so the alleged bombshell is
that Bolton's book manuscript was
floating around and got leaked seems to
indicate that Bolton had conversations
with the president in which the
president said he had you know great
concerns about Ukraine and thought they
interfered in the election in 2016 and
that he wanted to withhold the aid until
they agreed or until they did that until
they looked into the Biden burr yzma
election stuff now the way it was being
reported until I woke up was that this
is bad for the president and I kept
reading it and thinking well what am I
not understanding here this isn't bad
for the president why is everybody
saying it's bad for the president way am
I missing something two things number
one have I not been telling you from day
one that the president's lawyers are
making a mistake
and engaging on the details because if
you're going to be arguing the quid pro
quo you're in the weeds and there might
be something that comes out that makes
your argument a little less strong over
time and there it is all right so the
very reason that I said it was a mistake
to get into the weeds just happened this
is exactly what you didn't want to
happen arguing that there was no quid
pro quo and then the most credible
person with the most information comes
out toward the end of the process and
says oh yeah there was plenty of it
worse you know I'm no legal expert but
to me that looked like the trap all
along and it looked like the worst
strategy to depend on that no quid pro
quo thing as that being at the key to
your defense now of course that's not
the only key to their defense because
Dershowitz is going to come on today I
think or tomorrow I'm not sure the
schedule but Dershowitz will argue we
believe that it doesn't matter if any of
its true doesn't matter what the
President did or did not do even if you
stipulated it's all true it doesn't rise
to impeachable that's the argument that
I've been making since day one but it's
even better I woke up this morning and
realized that Bolton had proven the
president's case why if it's not or if
it's not obvious to you then you've
really been bamboozled if you will and
let me tell ya you've been bamboozled
Jonathan Turley made this observation
though you'll notice that this is
similar to things I've said which is of
course why I think it's genius and he
was talking about Stephanopoulos was
interviewing senator Lankford and this
is what totally tweeted he said st√©fano
Stephanopoulos just asked the senator
Lankford if he thinks it is okay to
solicit the foreign government to
interfere in our elections see where I'm
going with this
much like CNN's bias question on Sanders
the question assumed the Trump was
asking for election interference in
asking for a corruption investigation
that's right
Jonathan Turley has accurately because I
said the same thing so I I think is
accurate said that they're using a magic
trick and the magic trick is to keep
presenting things as though the question
of why the president was acting the way
he was acting is settled and and the
trick is to make you think well there
was only one reason only one reason only
one possible reason the president could
be doing what he was doing visiter
Ukraine and that was for his own
political gain and / and totally points
out that's not in evidence
it's an assumption not in evidence John
Bolton just filled in the Assumption
John Bolton if the if the manuscript is
accurate and if what Biden says as
reported in the manuscript is accurate
he's reporting that the president really
believed that Ukraine had interfered in
the election in 2016 now if that is
established and we and we take that as
true then according to Bolton it was
very clear that the president was
genuinely concerned because he said it
you know have to read his mind he
actually said in words that he was
concerned about that he thought to
Ukraine screwed up in 2016 or whatever
so now that we have an evidence that the
president had a genuine concern about
Ukraine we're done we're done because
that's all you needed to know that the
magic trick was to make you not think
about that question but the question is
was there any legitimate presidential
reason good for the country good for the
nation for Trump to press Ukraine and
the answer is yes and Bolton just
confirmed it yet least indirectly
through the bandage script so given that
I think the defense just got a lot
easier
now that we know the president had a
genuine concern that was outside of his
own political advantage that's the end
of the story as long as he had a
politically as long as he had a national
interest there's nothing else to ask so
I think that we know where that's all
heading now is it my imagination or as
Adam Schiff putting the entire country
in danger Adam Schiff and Pelosi and
Nadler and all the people pushing the
impeachment because correct me if I'm
wrong but our government is failing us
right now for this coronavirus they are
not doing what we know has to be done
the you know you and I are not experts
but even we know all travel has to be
shut down which I know even we know that
now as as the government done that I've
not heard that is the government
checking people coming from those
destinations that are problem yes though
they say they are and that's very good
but we also know according to today's
reporting there might be as many as
44,000 people who are carrying the virus
who have not yet shown symptoms let me
say that again there might be as many as
44,000 people who don't have symptoms
which means screening won't catch them
shut down the travel if our government
is not shutting it down and as far as I
can tell they're not and they're not
telling you why they're doing what
they're doing because it could be they
have good reasons and we just haven't
heard them but if they're not doing one
of those two things shutting over the
shutting everything down or explaining
to us why they're not there is no
argument can be made that the government
is doing the work of the people none now
I don't know you play is that just Trump
is that Congress I don't know
shouldn't Congress be you know beyond
the president every day to close the
airports shouldn't they be you know
stepping up
I always see it I don't even see them
talking about it and so I think we have
a genuine example and I don't know if
anybody could argue this is already
counter-argument to this I'm open to it
but I'd like to hear the
counter-argument what is the argument
that says that the Schiff and closely
and Adler have not put this country at
tremendous risk by taking our entire
government off off the field during a
crisis this is one of the this is one of
the worst things I've ever seen
it's one of the worst things I've ever
seen any government do they they have
made themselves irrelevant by
concentrating on this one political
thing while leaving the country exposed
it's complete food Uschi air
irresponsibility collapse complete
collapse at the moment we barely have a
government at least this week until this
this stuff is over all right but so
let's and of course we we have to
imagine that whatever is being reported
about the severity of this kurodo virus
outbreak it's probably a lot worse it's
probably worse one expert says that it
could be doubling every six days
doubling every six days it doesn't take
many days of doubling to to get to
global pandemic and I would argue we're
already there actually all right let's
talk about let's talk about Trump's
tweet that is being considered
threatening Trump tweeted that shifty
Adam Schiff is a corrupt politician and
probably a very sick man he likes to
throw that in there and then he said he
has not paid the price yet for what he
has done to our country and of course
you know he is not paid the price makes
it look like
he's threatening him from the office of
the president so it looks ominous and
he's a dictator and you know that but
isn't that the right question you know
if you sue somebody and you lose you
have to pay the legal fees right
there's always an expense of attacking
somebody and being wrong if you kill
somebody because you thought they were
robbing your house and they weren't well
you're still in trouble right so going
after somebody and being wrong
which is what impeachment looks like at
this point because we know how it all
ends yeah it looks like something that
needs to be punished in other words
there has to be repercussions now that
doesn't mean you know you put him in
jail but there needs to be represents I
mean there ought to be big ones I mean
the Russian a collusion thing alone
given that Schiff was telling us he's
seen evidence that we haven't seen and
the president's guilty I mean that
should be automatic removed from office
for that performance and then he just
does it again he just does it a second
time he does something that anybody
should be fired for the Russian
collusion thing and yet he just gets to
do it again what kind of system do we
have where the guy who made the biggest
mistake in American politics that wasn't
let's say attacking or a iraq for
weapons of mass destruction probably
shift has made the biggest you know
collectively the biggest set of mistakes
any politicians made and muttered
history except for that one the Iraq one
and and he got promoted for it maybe
that actually happened right I mean in a
sense he got promoted because he's now
the star of the the new Ukraine thing in
what world does complete failure and
lying and damaging the country gets you
promoted well I guess that's the
democratic model he gets a participation
trophy no matter how well he does
all right yes so the system seems
totally corrupt and let's let's hope
that things get cleaned up a little bit
today now here's here's some extra
questions about this Bolton manuscript
how reliable is it now I'm saying that
if it is reliable that's the end of the
case because the president's cleared it
would clear him but can you believe
what's in the transcript let me give you
a little context cuz you know I'm an
author so I see enough of the industry
that I have a sense of what's going on
now I have not had the experience that
Bolton probably had because I don't
write that kind of book that's a
tell-all but probably there was some
point at which Bolton and his publisher
had a conversation like this hey there
are a lot of books about Trump you need
to stand out like what's what's your
claim that's really gonna make your book
get a lot of attention and stand out and
of course the obvious thing would be
something around the Ukrainian situation
that would be the the thing that would
sell this book now I'm guessing that
Bolton is not the only author of the
book this is just a guess probably
there's a ghostwriter because unless
Bolton has a background as an author
probably it's hard to sit down and write
a whole book he'd probably get a
ghostwriter
now the ghostwriter would be working
with an editor or two at the publisher
so there would be at least three authors
involved there there's the editors the
ghost writers and then there's Bolton
himself is one of the odds that the way
the the current draft is written is
exactly what Boldwood have written if
nobody else had been involved one of the
odds that the way it's presented is just
exactly the way Bolton would have done
it on his own
lo ya the odds are low because there are
two other people involved who are going
to want this to be a big book now of
course he wants it to be a big big book
too or else he wouldn't be doing it
probably but the publisher really wants
it to be a big book and those
conversations go like this alright do
you remember exactly what the president
said in that meeting no I don't remember
exact words because I don't remember
exact words who does really so now now
Bolton has to write about an event in
which in all likelihood he would not
remember exact wording yeah he has a
memory of basically the idea that
happened so he words it one way and then
the editor looks at it or maybe the
ghost writer writes at first then the
editor looks at it they say you know if
you change the sentence a little bit I
really it would sell more books now
would that change to the sentence this
is all speculative hypothetical I'm not
saying that this happened I'm saying
that it would be normal in this process
that there's a bit of a committee
approach to every sentence if the
sentence is the bomb the bombshell
sentence so I would say that that little
bit of writing that gets to the point of
what the president was talking about
with Ukraine and withholding the money
etc is probably a combination of one
person's faulty memory plus two other
people trying to shade it a little bit
so it was the most provocative is this
still accurate is it could be you can't
rule it out it's it's totally possible
that it's a it's a perfectly clear and
accurate explanation of what happened
that's possible you know the other
possibility it's not there's not an
accurate explanation of what happened
how would you know will you and I ever
know the answer is no what have I told
you about situations where we have a lot
of money at stake and here's the key
part
no way to get caught what do I tell you
always happens when there's a lot of
money at stake if somebody does
something sneaky or illegal in this case
just sneaky and there's no chance of
being punished for it none no chance
suppose it was just a private
conversation between Bolton and the
president and it wasn't recorded and
maybe he didn't talk about it directly
afterwards and there's no way to prove
it happened or didn't happen Bolton
would have the opportunity to make a
gigantic amount of money by wording the
meeting which cannot be verified in just
the way that makes that book sell now do
I think that Bolton is the kind of guy
who would sell out his integrity to sell
a few extra books actually no I have no
I have no reason to believe that he's
that kind of guy do you uh-huh
have you ever heard anything in his
entire history that would suggest he
would just make some crap up to sell
some extra books it doesn't really sound
like him does it I mean there's one
thing you know being wrong there's one
you know you can criticize him for being
a hawk but I don't know that anybody's
ever called him a liar it feels like you
would have heard that by now right so
he's probably quite credible but I don't
know if he would back the version in the
book if you put him under oath would he
say that exactly the way it's written in
the in that draft manuscript which my
dad might not even be the final thing
would he say that's exactly what
happened don't know because two other
people were probably involved in writing
those sentences so we have a mystery
will any of this cause more people to be
called as witnesses I say no because I
think whenever Dershowitz talks he is
going to basically say it doesn't matter
what the details are even if everything
that is alleged even if everything
Bolton said is true
completely irrelevant because first of
all it was within the job description of
the president given that we have
evidence he really believed Ukraine was
a risk to our elections and and that's
all the evidence that's what it says and
that it wouldn't matter because it's
it's not impeachable anyway so I don't
think yours there's any chance of
calling witnesses yeah you know although
the Republicans might even want it more
because if all Bolton has is this what
if this is all Bolton has and it
completely clears the president that's
it wouldn't you be willing to trade more
of that you know because presumably if
Bolton were called the worst case
scenario is that he says the same thing
that's in the book because if there were
even worse things in the book you'd
already know about it so that's got to
be the worst thing because that's why it
leaked if that's the worst thing it
basically totally clears the president
because it says the president's clearly
was indicating that he actually cared
about Ukraine not just the political
fallout from it that's what we know so
far do you have the quote from the book
I do not I do not have the actual quote
and I don't know that there is an actual
quote maybe somebody can find that when
I was looking quickly before I got on
live here I was looking for the actual
quote and I only saw paraphrases of it
so I don't know if we even have the
right quote so that's the other
possibility is that it's simply being
misquoted and if you looked at the
manuscript yourself you might say to
yourself that's not what it says because
we've seen this happen over and over we
saw people look at the transcript of the
Ukraine call and people had different
opinions we know that shift looked at
the stuff in this gif and at a different
opinion than newness and they were
looking at the same documents so it's a
hundred percent unbelievable that the
quote doesn't sound exactly the way
people are saying it sounds totally
possible at least fifty percent possible
so this is the least bombshell thing
I've ever seen but it's all they got
yeah so the I understand there was a
least one rocket attack on the embassy
in Iraq I don't know if we know where it
came from I did predict the even if
things settled down a great deal after
the killing of generals how many the
even if things settled down a great deal
that there was a hundred percent chance
you're still going to see random rocket
attacks because I don't think that Iran
necessarily has a hundred percent
control over every rocket that gets
fired by every proxy group you know some
some groups may be more loosely attached
to the government some more so there was
no chance that would drop to zero but
you know if it doesn't get much worse I
think we're in good shape
I'm still predicting that there will be
a Middle East peace plan because we've
never had this situation before we've
never had the people who need to agree
so weak compared to the people who want
them to agree who are very strong you
know where we're energy independent we
have really strong leaders from you know
Israel to the United States to Saudi
Arabia say what you will about if you
like how they act but there's strong
decisive deal-making leaders and if they
can't get this done it's not doable
because it's a strongest team that's
ever been involved so I think there's
entirely a good chance that by the end
of this year you're going to see a
Middle East peace plan mostly involving
the palestinian situation that it looks
pretty good then you might say to
yourself that looks surprisingly good
and we're down to one person who has to
agree just the Ayatollah just one person
and you have Middle East peace that's it
just one have we ever been at a point
where only one person has to decide for
peace instead of war and war is
disastrous how hard would it be to
decide you want peace when the
alternative is complete destruct
it's the hard and I think we're right
there all right Scott a Middle East
peace plan will never happen come on
stuff the BS stranger says in all caps
you know you might not know this but
screaming at me in all caps did not make
your point more believable now I'm
completely open to the possibility that
there could never be a Middle East peace
yeah if you're saying you believe that
based on all the history you've seen it
can just never happen yeah you might not
be wrong you might not be wrong in fact
the odds probably are in your favor but
what's what's different is we've never
had this set of variables all in place
we've never been this close and we've
never had this strong a team team
meeting all the different leaders
they're all strong leaders it's just
never been this close we're the team
that's strong who could push it over the
line if they wanted to I think it comes
down to whether they want to honestly I
think if everybody in this story wants
peace they're gonna get it alright
that's all for now I will talk to you
later