uncle papa
hey everybody come on in here well it
turns out that 2020 is starting off with
a bang we got a lot to talk about
do you know do you remember impeachment
impeachment is so last year what was
that all about
I'm having trouble remembering it what
was it in Pietschmann again and why was
it was it about some paperwork or
something don't even remember but today
we'll have a very special simultaneous
up no today will not be a normal
simultaneous simple it's a special one
so today we're going to have a
simultaneous it for our men and women in
uniform who have protected us so well so
far and we're active in Iran
well actually active in Iraq and this
time we're going to drink to them so
this will be your very special
simultaneous tip for the military as a
thank you and show respect
get ready 1 2 3
uh-huh special military simultaneous up
it was as good as I thought it would be
quite good quite good
all right well apparently it was an
amazing military operation we're gonna
hear a lot more about it probably in the
coming days and weeks but so
congratulations to our military I'm
amazed how well that went
now we might find out later it was
messier than we think but at the moment
it looks like we could follow a specific
individual we could target him from a
drone and we could take out his car from
the air and you know of course we've
been able to do that for a while but
every time we do it I say to myself is
is ground war just obsolete I'm starting
to think ground wars just don't make any
sense anymore we can do stuff like that
is it my imagination of course we're
gonna be talking about the killing of
Solomon Solomon II Ptolemy I don't know
how to pronounce his name but I don't
feel like I have to try too hard either
is it my imagination or does he have
evil eyes now when I say he has evil
eyes I think his eyes are actually
spread across you know about an acre but
before he was killed did he see the
pictures of him he had the most evil
looking eyes I've ever seen on a human
being part of his because he had that
sort of salt and pepper of gray hair but
those eyebrows were black so he had like
these dark flower evil terrorist eyes
now if you don't think that matters
you're wrong because if he looked like a
nice guy I think it would could make a
little bit of difference I'm not a big
difference but it make a difference
so Trump tweeted a American flag last
night was which was kind of perfect
because he was just reminding the
country they were all on the same team
and things could get a little ugly I
will remind you that we're in the fog of
war
so the first first two days you're
likely to hear incorrect reporting now
we're probably it's probably true that
we killed Solomon II the general but
don't be surprised if we find out new
facts about the whole situation that
completely changes how you think about
it
so if it's like every other situation
you're gonna have some surprises in the
next few days but before we get to my my
own theories about this I would like to
read for you some celebrity tweets on
the topic now a lot of you said to
yourselves hey there's a big
international story I better turn on CNN
and I've got a listen to Fox News
I'd better catch up but you're not
really fully caught up until you've
heard the drunk tweets of celebrities on
this topic and so I'd like to read two
tweets one from actor John Cusack and
one from actress Rose McGowan now I'm
reading the tweet and it's got
punctuation that's all over the place
and he spelled the word until with two
L's at the end and I'm feeling like
maybe he had a drink
but this is the way I read his tweet
Trump in full fashion mode 101 mode
steal and lie until there's nothing left
and started war
he's so hideous he doesn't know he just
attacked around that's not like anywhere
else and then Rose McGowan dear hashtag
around the USA has disrespected your
country your flag our ball 52% of us
humbly apologize we walk is with
irritation we are being held hostage by
a terrorist we do not know how to escape
please please do not kill us hashtag
solemn Eddie see now I feel like you're
up to date a lot of people a lot of
people haven't caught up with the drunk
tweets yet but now you have
so I'm looking at some of the complaints
and the funniest complaints are the ones
that go like this if somebody is a
terrorist and he's killing your people
you really don't want to piss him off
that that's actually the argument
against what Trump did the argument
against it is like whoa I know he's an
international terrorist and I know he's
killing Americans by the hundreds and
he's trying to kill more but if you
attack
you're really gonna piss him off that's
the other that's the counter-argument
you're gonna piss off a terrorist
cuz I'm almost positive that guy had a
reason to kill people anyway all right
let me let me put my spin on it are you
ready I always talk about with filters I
will now give you the Dilbert filter on
this Iranian situation now the Dilbert a
filter goes like this everyone has a
boss that's pretty much a summary of it
everyone has a boss and there's not that
much difference from one situation to
another where you have a boss and a
subordinate there are there a number of
universal truths that just simply happen
out of a boss the subordinate situation
and let me ask you this do you think
Salamone was a very loyal general and he
supported his supreme leader in all
things and all he wanted to do was serve
his leader do you think that's does that
accurately describe general Soleimani
do you think he was totally just a loyal
subordinate well maybe can't rule it out
but let me put the Dilbert filter on
this everybody hates their boss
everybody thinks they could do a better
job
imagine you're come any you're the
supreme leader and one of your
subordinates
who happens to be this general is
becoming more popular every year while
you are becoming less popular every year
you see where I'm going
do you see it yet so commedy
the supreme leader is getting blamed for
the economy and getting blamed for
whatever bad stuffs happening in Iran
his own population is is protesting the
general is just getting more popular
every day because he's doing things that
seem to be popular in Iran and seems to
me like he's he was winning what would
you think if you were the supreme leader
and you were getting less popular every
day and there was one of your
subordinates who was getting more
popular every day what would that make
you feel like now do you think there's
Saleh many based on what you know about
him so far somebody says Big Time
mind-reading this is speculation right
if I said it's true that would be
mind-reading but we're in purely
speculative territory here do you think
this although many was the kind of guy
who was going to be happy being the
number two guy forever
did he seem like he was sort of a alpha
personality but not totally oh yeah I'm
like the baddest-ass general there's
ever been but I'm gonna do whatever the
bearded guy with the holy book tells me
to do maybe maybe he wants he might have
been a dedicated you know servant of the
Republic and he may have actually wanted
to be number two forever but is it
likely is it likely he wanted to be the
number two guy
so let me ask you this what would you do
if you were the supreme leader or part
of his inner circle and you had a threat
from within at the same time you had a
threat from without let's say
hypothetically just speculating here all
right there's just speculation folks
thought experiment let's say
hypothetically that the Supreme Leader
of Iran actually kind of wanted peace
what if he wanted peace do you think
that the supreme leader could have made
peace as long as this general was still
alive maybe probably not so here's
here's the thing you have to ask
yourself all right let me put this in
the form of a thought experiment all
right I'm gonna simplify this for you
there are two people in a room doors
closed so they're just sealed in a room
all right just two people one of them
has a Koran that's all he has he has his
clothes and he has a Koran the other one
has his clothes and a gun all right one
has a Koran one has a gun they're the
only ones in the room who's in charge
who's the supreme leader of the room the
one with the Bible or the Koran or the
one with the gun there's nobody else in
there the answer is whoever the guy with
the gun wants to be in charge so if the
guy with the gun wants the guy with the
Quran to be in charge well then the guy
with the Koran is in charge if the guy
with the gun wants to be in charge
himself he's in charge he's got the gun
so let me ask you this who was in charge
of her and do you think that the supreme
leader could have overruled Salah many
on a let's say there was an internal
coup which way with the the troops go
here's my guess
my guess is this although many was smart
everybody says he was smart and capable
so we'll we'll start with the assumption
he was very capable and smart Eve Oba
smart do you think that for years
Sala many has been making sure that the
troops that are closest to the capital
the ones that are physically around you
on Turan do you think that he's made
sure that they got better treatment than
other people even when the economy was
going down I don't know but I'll bet he
did I'll bet he did a good job for his
troops do you think they're loyal to him
or were I'll bet they were so there is
here's my conspiracies there are you
ready there is a nonzero chance I'm not
saying this is true I'm just saying
there's a nonzero chance that I haven't
seen anybody bring it up that come any
the supreme leader or somebody in his
closest circle drop the dime on him it
could be so remember there's a there's a
part of the story that we don't
understand which is how did we know
which of the three convoys was the real
one now it could be we just have good
Intel you know it might be nothing more
than that
maybe we got Intel from somebody on the
ground could be that it could be just
that most likely it's just that but
there's at least one possibility that
the Iranian government itself wanted
this guy dead for their own purposes so
so just I'm just putting that in the mix
President Trump tweeted a two-parter
tweet and the second part he said while
Iran will never be able to properly
admit it Salah many was both hated and
feared within the country do you hear
that that's what President Trump decided
to tweet in one of his first you know it
was among the first things he said on
the topic and he said they Solomon he
was both hated and feared within the
country you feel the little bit of a
hint a suggestion
that may be feared within the country
might not be just the public he might
have been feared by the government
itself and if they weren't afraid of him
what was wrong with him if you were if
you were the supreme leader wouldn't you
be afraid of this guy I'd be very afraid
of this guy didn't look like he had any
limitations on what he was willing to do
then look at what President rouhani of
Iran said and let me ask you does this
seem like Iran is phoning in the
response so what you should look for is
if Iran is is genuinely offended to the
point of war or you know Jen they're
having a genuine reaction to it you
would expect to see something unusual
you know really really hyper what's the
best word you expect to see a big
reaction here's President rouhani's
reaction to the United States killing
the top General into their country the
great nation of Iran will take revenge
that's it
I could have written this tweet a week
before the event yeah you know Iran we
don't like it we're gonna take some
revenge is this the most generic and
emotion free response you've ever seen
we just killed their top General and the
president of Rann says the great nation
of Iran will take revenge it's
completely empty he phoned it in so
you've got two hints here that are
hinting in the same direction
Trump is hinting when he says Solomon he
was both hated and feared within the
country that this isn't as obvious the
situation as you thought it was the
Solomon he might not have a lot of love
and we don't know who it is who doesn't
love him but we have to ask is it the
public or is it the leadership if it's
like every other big
corporation in the world there were
factions we should assume that there was
somebody yeah don't don't you think
there's a hundred percent chance that
within the Iranian you know inner circle
at the top don't you think there's a
hundred percent chance that somebody in
that circle we're saying maybe we got to
get rid of this guy let me ask you this
if if we tried to make a peace agreement
with Iran could we do it while Solomon
he was still alive all betting no
because what would solve any you know
his interest seems to be war and
expansion and you know taking over the
whole region or controlling it or
dominating it or something but I can't
imagine the Supreme Leader even being
able to have a serious conversation
about peace while that general was still
alive so think about it it might be that
Iran Israel and the United States are
all on the same page but what President
Trump said and I quote while Iran will
never be able to properly admit it
that's the actual language from the
president while Iran will never be able
to properly admit it so many was both
hated and feared within the country he's
signaling that the Iranian reaction to
it might not be exactly on the surface
what it looks like
it's just thing now I've told you before
that there's an interesting thing about
being close to war so all the smart
people are saying that we're a closer to
war with Iran or or that were actually
at war because it's an act of war but
remember being close to war and being
close to peace look exactly the same
when things are the darkest that's when
you can get something done because
nobody wants to go into the darkness if
you're right on that if you're both
right in the edge of darkness
that's when you get serious about okay
we don't
really want to get into this darkness
Iran doesn't really want a shooting war
we definitely don't want to shoot
anymore so if nobody wants a war and
you're on their precipice of war well
it's a very focusing situation so I'm
gonna say something that nobody I don't
think anybody said yet we're closer to
peace with Iran than we've ever been
we're also closer to war than we've ever
been which is a weird situation so
there's no doubt that this makes things
more dangerous certainly in the short
run maybe even the long run but it also
shipped the box because remember our the
last condition the situation that
existed a week ago was impossible to get
peace would you agree with the following
proposition a week ago the way the
variables were were holding up there was
no way to get a peace deal with those
variables true or false
would you not agree there really wasn't
any path to just talking it out there
wasn't now this guy's gone is there
still zero chance of being able to talk
it out I don't know
I don't know this might have shaken the
box enough so it depends what people are
thinking in Iran what they're thinking
in Iraq and we don't know that we know
it's going to be all over the board
there's gonna be people on every side of
everything but it's possible that we're
closer to peace and here's here's what I
say in all these situations if the
variables that you used to have can't
get you there what do you do
Trump always does the same thing it's
the same move in every situation when
the variables are not conducive to
victory he shakes the box and he makes
sure that the variables change and then
when he's done shaking he looks at him
again he says all right how about now
and if that still isn't good enough he's
gonna shake the box again so you might
see some more shaken but so one of the
questions that people are asking all
all the smart people is what's his
strategy what is Trump's strategy now I
am somewhat famous for writing the
strategy is what you say when you don't
know anything so or let me put it a
different way
the people who are crying there's no
strategy to this what's our strategy
they're the weakest thinkers in the game
strategy isn't really a thing all right
people like to think that there's a
strategy but it has more to do with
their their mental comfort of why things
are the way they are the truth is that
every day we make a decision today that
is independent of anything you've done
before in other words everything that
you've thought about or decided
yesterday is always a sunk cost every
day you wake up and you say based on the
variables today what should we do today
for our greater good and because the
variables every day are changing it
wouldn't make a lot of sense to have
some overall strategy that was immune to
the situation changing in the real world
people do what they can do as the
situation presents itself and then after
the fact
smart people say well it look like a
strategy you know strategy is often a
high insight where you know you go into
the future and you look back and you go
well I guess the strategy was to you
know do this or that the truth is we
make decisions as we go and that's the
only way to do it it wouldn't it
wouldn't make sense to have some kind of
strategy that isn't going to change if
the variables are changing and the
variables are changing I mean this
change is a big variable but let me tell
you a few of the things this
accomplishes so this is different than
saying it's a strategy I'm going to say
there are several things several things
this accomplishes and that they're good
so if you do something that accomplishes
several good things is that a strategy
well you don't need to put a word on it
it's just we saw an opportunity to do
several good things
here's some of them one of them is it
reinforces Trump's unpredictability
you've heard Trump talk about it all the
time I'm going to be unpredictable
I am intentionally unpredictable I'm
using unpredictability as a tool
watch me be unpredictable and watch how
well this works I mean Trump has told
this as directly as you can say anything
and now we're watching the situation and
we saw that he didn't he didn't attack
at least in a kinetic way after Saudi
Arabia's oil refiners would take it out
he did not attack and kill a lot of
people when Iran took out a drone so so
then Iran is thinking oh he's not going
to get tough then he kills their top
General what does what does Iran think
about their ability to predict Trump now
I guarantee that Iran is saying we have
no frickin idea what this guy's gonna do
next that's exactly what Trump wants
wants them to feel like right so the
first thing he accomplished was he
reinforced unpredictability as an asset
that we have in other words Iran you
cannot depend on us reacting in a in a
way that you think will react our our
range of reactions is infinite so you
have to take your chances and that's
scarier for them so that's good here's
the other thing it reinforces however
far Iran is willing to go we will go
further how important is that we so
Trump is beginning to establish the
principle that no matter what they do
we're gonna take it a little further
yeah and I would imagine that if they
respond so most people are thinking that
Iran just sort of has to respond so
listen I and by the way I disagree with
that I think it's more likely they'll
respond then not respond especially
since all of the the surrogates are sort
of sie autonomous but
they don't have to respond they really
don't I mean they do have a choice but
most of the experts are saying they will
what will happen when they respond well
Lindsey Graham has made a pretty clear
indication of what will happen so
Lindsey Graham has said you know their
oil refineries are basically next other
people have said you know if they if
they were to mine the you know mine the
waters around Iran if they were to
interfere with international shipping
other people have said yes in the
comments here sink the Navy we could
sink the entire Iranian Navy and what
would it take an afternoon so I think
that Lindsey Graham and others have
created the expectation that we will
always go further and that the next
thing you do to us is at the expense of
your entire economy and all of your oil
refineries and or maybe both the loss of
your entire Navy so that's productive
isn't it productive to set the pattern
that whatever you do we're gonna do more
of course this another thing it does is
that it pecks away at Iran we're in a
war we're sort of in this long-term war
of attrition with Iran so Iran is trying
to make it harder and harder for us and
and more painful for us to stay in the
region meanwhile President Trump has
been pecking away at Iran's economy and
ability to do things so this is one more
Peck in a strategy of infinite pecking
and it's a really big Peck so this
perfectly fits our strategy of putting
more pressure on them over time it puts
this certainly tells that story it also
might slow down the slow picking away
that Iran is doing on us and that's good
right so we've just said yeah you can
you can cause some pain and death to our
people or contractors or military in the
area but if you do it's gonna hurt you
more than it hurts us
so that's productive to put that sign in
that line in the sand now the
administration is saying that the
purpose of this was to deter future
attacks does Solomon he was planning
future attacks well I'm pretty sure the
number two guy could play on a future
attack
you know I doubt I kind of doubt that
they don't have the ability and will to
do future attacks but maybe you know I I
certainly wouldn't Bank on deterring
anything but it's not impossible
all right the other thing that this did
is it puts Iranian influence in Iraq on
trial remember I told you that what
Trump is really good at is focusing
attention where it helps him the most in
this case where helps the country the
most don't you think that Iraq should be
having a much bigger let's say that they
should be a lot more concerned about
Iranian influence in their country what
do the the typical Iraqi citizens think
of Iran dominating their country what it
let me put you in the head of an Iraqi
you're an Iraqi citizen you're not in
the government you're just a citizen of
Iraq and you heard that Arab landed
their top General in your country to
cause some trouble what imagine that
you're an Iraqi citizen and you found
out that that the top General of Iran a
country that you have no love for you
know remember it wasn't that long ago
that Iraq and ran well that war and it
was a bad war you have no love for them
and they could land their top General at
your main airport your own government
now let me get this straight I'm an
Iraqi citizen and I'm watching the news
or like wait a minute let me get this
straight
are you saying that my own government
the Iraqi government is letting the
general from an enemy country you know
trying to
friends but sort of enemies and they can
just land in our country so he can
organize criminal activity in our
country and somebody and another country
killed him when he came here do I mind
do I mind so I think the other thing
that this does is it it focuses the
question for the Iraqi citizens what the
hell is Iran doing in your country
because a lot of this has been like a
slow progress of Iran gaining influence
over time but I think this calls it to
the question Iraq you know what was I do
you want to be on do you want to be
dominated by the Iranians if not maybe
you're happy about this I've said before
that this might have removed the primary
obstacle to peace I don't have a way of
knowing this but this is just an
understanding of big organizations in a
big organization it is not uncommon that
the top people disagree in fact I would
say it's pretty common right it's very
common for the top inner circle to have
some you know factions and disagreement
could it be the Salah many was one of
the main obstacles to Iran getting
serious about some kind of a lasting
peace deal totally possible would it be
possible that the United States is aware
of the internal thoughts and Iran and
within the leadership totally possible
you know who you don't have the smartest
comment about this every time sleepy Joe
does something good I'm gonna mention it
I don't think he should be President but
I don't think you can ignore when when
somebody you know on the team you don't
want to win
you can't ignore when they do good stuff
they make a good play they they play
things right so Biden actually and
button actually did a pretty pretty good
job and responding to this and here's
what he said so Biden said you're
basically complained that the president
didn't get enough I don't buy in or it
made things more dangerous so there's a
generic complaints that the
something bad might happen and remember
the Democrats mostly focus on imaginary
problems and imaginary future problems
so Biden takes the Democrat view oh this
will create unspecified future imaginary
problems that sort of their entire
attack is future imaginary problems so
he does that but here's the small thing
he did he says directly I'm not privy to
the intelligence but you know here's
what I think now the statement I'm not
privy to the intelligence tells you what
it tells you that Joe Biden has been on
the other side of the curtain and Joe
Biden knows what a lot of people don't
know which is that the story of the
theme that the public hears and even the
other candidates hear is not necessarily
the full story Biden is signaling by
saying I'm not privy to the intelligence
that he believes there's enough of a
chance that it was worth mentioning that
there's something going on that we don't
fully understand one of those things
that could be going on that we don't
fully understand this Solomon II was as
big a problem to the Iranian leadership
as he was to us I'm not saying that's
true I'm just saying that the
possibility fits the evidence says we've
seen it all right the the other thing
that this does is it's a momentum
changer it seemed to me that the
momentum in Iraq was that Iran was was
pecking at us and and there hadn't been
much response so the way the human mind
works is that were far more influenced
by the direction of things than where
things are where things are just wasn't
as important as the fact that things
were getting worse and it looked like
Iran was winning if you can call it that
this changed the momentum this
completely eliminates whatever that they
whatever they think they've accomplished
and reverses it they are now clearly
behind and
and in reversing direction is the
important thing not even where you are
all right so that's good now I'm still
talking about all the things that were
benefited by this without calling it a
strategy it's just a bunch of benefit
you get there are risks as well of
course risk of greater violence but
there are benefits all right here's
another Tinker Bell just tweeted this
and I thought it was a great point you
can lose sometimes you can lose sight of
context when you're looking at the
details how how awesome is it that we
just we just entered a war and that's
not the awesome part entering wars not
awesome how awesome is it that the first
casualty of the war was a senior citizen
now I don't know how old Salome was but
it was at least over 50 so you've got a
senior citizen Trump killing another
senior citizen and we call that a war
somebody's saying this uh lament it was
61 senior citizen traditionally you're
used to war being something where the
senior citizens send the 20-somethings
off to die that's what we've always
called war before in the age of Trump
war is economic war and I'm gonna kill
your senior citizens who caused this
problem I'm not going to send my 20 year
olds unless I have to if I have to I'm
going to send them but let's let's
handle this senior citizens the senior
citizen now I don't know that this is a
trend or anything but isn't it kind of
refreshing that the senior citizens who
are in charge are just killing each
other
you know in this case it's good that you
know we did the killer
so that's some context all right let's
talk about how effective we think this
will be now one of the things people are
saying is that this character so many
was unique
so was Salomon e unique was he unique in
the sense that he can't be replaced do
you think that have you ever had
experience in a big company in which
there was somebody you thought couldn't
be replaced and then they quit what
happened when the person who couldn't be
replaced quit
nothing nothing you've had that
experience right
the irreplaceable person leaves and it
didn't make as much difference as you
thought didn't make much difference so
will the quality of work go down in the
the terrorists uranium troublemaking
world maybe but probably not I don't
think you could depend on it but it is
true that there are people who are
singularly capable he might have been
one of those you know it's not like it's
not like working for IBM where you know
the the irreplaceable person is a
second-line manager you know it's a lot
easier to find a second-line manager but
this guy might have been special he
might have been special in a few
different ways one of them might be his
connections so he might have good
relationships with a lot of people if
you replace him with somebody who
doesn't have those same relationships
and I would think relationships are you
know 80% of the game over there if he
doesn't have those relationships maybe
that person is less effective I've
always thought that killing the killing
terrorist leaders starting from the top
and working your way down as they as
they replace the leader it has to lower
the average IQ and the leader doesn't it
doesn't seem likely that if the top guys
are genius well maybe the first one who
replaces them is pretty bright too
but what about the fourth
the fifth one do you know do they do all
these terrorist organizations do they
have a fifth guy who's as good as the
top guy because you know the first one
or two maybe the first three are gonna
be really good but you very quickly
leaves the talent zone and get into the
average soon it's possible this guy was
special and taking him out makes a
difference I like also that this sends a
message that you can't make us leave
anywhere by by picking at us this sends
a very clear message that the decision
to be in Iraq or not be in Iraq it's
gonna be made by Trump there's nobody
else who gets to say in the decision
this this reinforces that mess right
because before you can send you said to
yourself well you know they're gonna
cause so much pain that I guess Trump
will be sort of forced to leave because
we don't want to you know lose a service
person every every few weeks it's going
to be unbearable but I think you just
change that and you just said all right
let's let's at least establish whose
decision it is it's mine I'm gonna kill
your general so it's my decision if I
leave one of the things you're going to
see is Tulsi Gabbard getting a lot of
attention you've already seen her
probably on the news so Tulsi gabbard's
message fits perfectly with you know
what's happening in the world
so she's famous for the don't get
involved don't escalate and she's
pointing out that this escalation could
be dangerous she is right it could be
dangerous
Dilbert great analysis yeah you know
ninety-nine point nine percent of all
the people who are going to be talking
about this Iranian situation are
unqualified to do so and I'm certainly
no exception but the one there are some
Universal things that I think are worth
considering and and one is that this guy
was as much a problem to Iran as he was
to us so I think you have to at least
put that in the mix
as a good possibility Tucker Carlson
doesn't like it somebody says well I
don't think we've heard from him yet
he's probably still on vacation but I
think you're probably right does it feel
like you don't want to talk about any
other topic have you noticed that this
topic just wiped it wipes the board
clear of other topics I mean I don't
care about the presidential raise I
don't care about the impeachment kind of
suddenly I don't care about any of it it
just focuses cuz this is such a big deal
but I'm gonna talk about a few other
things anyway did you see the photo I
had tweeted around of Mike Bloomberg
standing on a subway and he's reading a
paper he's just standing there and he
tweets that he stands on the subway like
it's it's gonna be some I'm a man of the
people thing similar to his tweet about
the cubicles and there were so many
persuasion mistakes in that I tweeted it
and ask people to spot them all and that
people spotted even more than I saw but
here's the thing you don't want pictures
of your leaders looking not like leaders
if you're running for president I just
think he's completely misreading the
mood of the public you know we don't
mind if our mayor is casual you might
even you might even be okay with your
governor being a little casual but I
think it's a complete misreading of the
American mind and also a misreading of
what's important I think is I think we
want a president who looks like a
president I think we wanted Trump
because he wore a suit every day and he
arrived even as a candidate he arrived
on a jet with it looked like Air Force
One Trump played the part of a president
from day one my Bloomberg is trying to
do this man of the people stuff and I'm
thinking well that's great you know we
love that you're a man of the people you
know in fact by the way
I have positive feelings about Mike
Bloomberg he's brilliant I think he
means well I think he wants what's best
for the country
I very positive thoughts about him but
he's so completely wrong about what I
think my opinion about what the citizens
want from a president the president is a
is not just an employee's also a style
preference he is he's our you know the
mascot he's the he's the face he's the
brand and I don't think people want that
casual so there's a cult expert named
Steven Hassan who has been writing books
and doing interviews and stuff talking
about how Trump supporters are a cult
now he used to be in a cult and he
escaped the cult and now he writes about
people who have been brainwashed by
cults and so he says based on his
expertise and research that Trump
supporters are like a cult and and he
tweeted this in support of that theory
he says when you look at every
characteristic on this chart so it was a
chart of cult behaviors and then add
that Trump thinks he's above the law
very cult leader like and then he lies
and Cecily also very cult leader like
the answer is clear
Trump is acting like a cult leader
Americans are being manipulated so
here's the central claim I'll read it
again he says Trump thinks he's above
the law
so it's a cult expert telling you that
he can read Trump's mind and that when
he reads Trump's mind inside there
there's something that says he's above
the law based on what have we seen any
evidence that he thinks he's above the
law now now you've seen evidence of
every human you've ever met that they'd
like to maybe you know weasel around the
law you've seen people who wish they
didn't get caught
you've seen people do all kinds of stuff
but in the entire history of people
unless somebody is actually claiming to
be descended from a god is there anybody
who's a leader who's claiming they're
above the law it's not even a thing
it's just not even a thing so cult
expert mm-hmm I would say that the cult
expert is in a cult and that he left one
cult and went into another and it could
be and the new cult is the anti cult so
it's a cult expert who escaped a cult
became an expert on cults and joined
another cult doesn't know it and he's
writing publicly that other people are
in the cult because they're not in the
same group he's in and doesn't realize
he's in a cult so that's ironic New York
Times had an article about how there's
more depression and suicide since Trump
came into office many problems with this
one is that how do you know how much
depression and suicide there would have
been if somebody else had one I mean I'm
willing to believe it's more likely that
the Trump administration has caused more
depression and suicide than normal I'm
totally willing to believe that's I mean
that's it passes the sniff test you know
you you can observe people very upset
about his administration so what
surprised me if it's true that there's
more depression in suicide than there's
some Trump related thing but here's the
problem
the New York Times assigns the blame if
you will to Trump and his supporters I
don't know if they say it directly but
that's the implication if it's true that
the Trump administration is is a cause
we'll say it's one of the variables as
part of the cause of people's greater
depression and anxiety and suicide is
that the whole story because the way I
see the word
it's the press's treatment of the
administration that's causing the mental
illness and that's a big difference and
here's the here's the thought experiment
I use all the time and it works well
imagine if you will if the press simply
reported what Trump says and does
without any opinion and let the public
form their own opinions based on just
well here's what he does here's what he
said would there be massive depression
and suicide I believe not there would
not be a chance of that there isn't the
slightest chance that if the news simply
said what he does and what he says
here's the tweet make up your own mind I
don't think the public would even be a
little bit concerned almost close to a
hundred percent I would say of how we
feel about it is opinions that have been
assigned to us by our preferred media
silos and the press has decided to
assign an opinion of great risk and harm
and and fear and the Republic is about
to end
none of that comes from Trump if you
simply reported what Trump says it does
it would be trouble saying you know the
economy is great what would be your
opinion to that suppose you're a person
who doesn't know much about the economy
and the news simply reports that Trump
tweeted that unemployment's a new record
and the stock market's up and wages are
up what would be your opinion well I
think it would just be positive right
but what is your current opinion if you
watch CNN or MSNBC
they say well you know these things
would have happened anyway we're
probably at the edge of a depression and
then suddenly you think maybe the
economy is not so good what would you
think about you know the the
Charlottesville hoax if the media had
simply reported what Trump said in
Charlottesville with no opinion that a
dog what would the public think about it
well they would have looked at what he
said and what he said was I
condemned totally the racists the white
nationalist and the neo-nazi he's in
trouble that's what he said he said it
in those direct words would the public
have interpreted the statement I condemn
them totally as being supportive of them
would that have been lean the public's
reaction to that I don't think so
I think they only have that that reason
that impression because the news
hypnotized them into it all right so we
will keep looking at the at the Iranian
situation the only thing I had to add
today if anybody's coming in late is
that don't be surprised if Solomon II
was the variable that was preventing
peace and now he's been removed and
don't be surprised if the Supreme Leader
of Iran is not so sad that his greatest
domestic rival is gone so this might
turn out this might turn out positively
but I don't want to get too optimistic
about this begins the there's a high
likelihood they'll be more danger before
things improve all right yeah why was he
in Baghdad I think everybody believes he
was in Baghdad to cause trouble so I
would also suggest that the president's
timing on this because there's gonna be
a lot of questions about you know why
now etc well I think that why now is
that we had a good shot so that's the
first part of why now so you can't you
can't kill somebody until you have an
opportunity to kill them and they
obviously had an opportunity secondly
it's sort of a perfect time to do it
because of the embassy thing etc and and
domestically it's kind of perfect too
now I hate to you and say that because
it's so icky but you know the Democrats
are gonna say that Trump is only doing
this because of the impeachment I don't
think he's only doing this because of
impeachment but it's really good timing
so I don't think that the impeachment
talked him out of it it may have talked
him into it
yeah so in my book and my book loser
think I have a section which I talk
about anybody who says why didn't you do
it sooner is an unproductive participant
because everything could be done sooner
and nobody really can answer that well
sometimes there's something specific but
most of the time there was something you
could have done to do it sooner so that
that's the the people were bad at
analyzing always say that well why
didn't you do it sooner that's the
lowest level of commentary Iran may be
related to Strock page so people think
that Iran might have some relationship
to our domestic situation I don't know
probably not
somebody says we've killed every
dictator we made a deal with in the past
well yeah so some of you were asking
about how this will affect in North
Korea the Kim definitely has something
to worry about but I also think that
North Korea is a completely different
situation because they're not actively
killing Americans if North Korea doesn't
kill Americans we're not going to kill
him I just don't think there's any
chance I mean you could argue that
warmbier was an American who got killed
but my take on that is that that to do
with the local jailers I mean I doubt
Kim jong-un ordered him to be killed or
beaten to death I just it just seems
unlikely not impossible but unlikely do
I have a long-term prediction on North
Korea yes I believe that they will morph
into an ally now it might be a weird
kind of frenemy Ally the you don't trust
doesn't join NATO but I think we're
going
to convert Nate North Korea into our
side here's why I say that we live in a
time where the strongest players we
should recruit to our side North Korea
is a strong player militarily
and when there are strong players
military militarily wouldn't you rather
have money your side we can't get China
on our side apparently but we can
certainly you know move North Korea
closer to our realm and that would be
enough so my guess is that North Korea
will not denuclearize but I think
there's a high likelihood I'll put it in
the 80% range a high likelihood that
someday within the next 10 or 20 years
North Korea will be is so non interested
in the United States and we would be non
interested in them because that's the
best place to get right where you want
to get with North Korea is mutual
non-interest that they're not interested
in attacking us we're not interested in
attacking that but it's not interested
so I think that's where we'll get to and
maybe some investment all right
that's all for now I will talk to you
all later