bum-bum-bum-bum-bum hey everybody
as we bring the curtain down on another
day in the era of coronavirus I have
nothing but good news for you today
Utz
that's good news wait too much light
let's get rid of some of that hold on oh
yeah that's way better so I take it
that's my solemn responsibility to make
you all happier
we don't have Snickers in the chair boo
on the ground boo
say hi to the audience not interested
okay fine fine fine well apparently she
wants to be on camera here so you'll be
seeing her do a walk-by there we go
here's what I wanted to tell you tonight
I feel like we want and I'm talking
about the virus have you been watching
the pictures of people going out and
just having a good time outside it feels
like we won and here's what I mean in
two weeks if our hospitals are not
crashed no we won
meaning that nothing's going to stop us
from reopening because if what we did
this weekend doesn't cause a massive
spike that crashes our hospitals I mean
it might it might cause a little spike
in some places but if it doesn't crash
the hospitals we're back or are back and
I don't want to get ahead of it because
of course there there will still be lots
of people dying there's plenty of
tragedies lots of work a lot of people
been financially devastated and there's
gonna be a lot to do to clean this mess
up but it's starting to look like 2021
this is gonna be like the best year of
all time and some of the things that are
going to happen or directly because of
the corona
there are things that it shook up that
just needed to be shook up for example I
would be amazed if a healthcare costs
don't plummet now that we can have
doctors and telehealth across the state
lines I mean that little bit of change
probably is going to open up competition
like crazy so healthcare will clearly
change to a more digital model I don't
think there's any any way that we're
going to go back to full commuting so
traffic might become less of a problem
people will be spending less to commute
so that'll be less of an expense quality
of life will go up I honestly think also
that the lifestyle changes that people
took just to boost their immune system I
asked that this morning turns out almost
everyone of you did something to boost
your immunity there's no way that
doesn't pay dividends because a lot of
this becomes habit over time so we'll be
healthier will probably pay less for it
will be driving less we'll be less
stressed about all that and the home
delivery business will be better than
ever
stock mark is looking strong and weirdly
even property values didn't seem to
change too much so I want to tell you
one specific piece of good news that I
see coming which is the future of
education and a few people asked me to
map out what I think is gonna happen and
because of the coronavirus and everybody
rethinking the whole idea of do I need
to be on campus do I need to be in a
classroom is there a better way and
here's where I think it needs to go now
will it go this way I would say the
biggest wildcard and I'll tell you what
I'm talking about a minute
but the biggest wildcard is probably the
big tech companies because if they
decide to try to control education the
way let's say Apple tries to control
iTunes with that sort of thing if it
becomes a sort of walled off and
somebody's product well
might not be so cheap in the future but
in a perfect world it'd be more open and
competitive I saw an interview with
Scott Galloway professor Galloway who
wrote this book the four and he's a
really good interview if you get if you
get a chance to Google it Google Scott
Galloway and Anderson Cooper he did his
interview on CNN and it was excellent
he's really good TV but he also had some
good thoughts so you tell you the
thought that I thought was really
insightful it goes like this the big
tech companies are so large they're for
somebody like Apple or Google to have a
let's say a 10% growth they would have
to eat entire industries they can't just
launch a new product and grow 10%
because they're already so big they need
to devour industries but not every
industry is right for devouring some of
them have low margins some of them
they're already in and lots of people
are in like healthcare and what Scott
pointed out is that education is a super
high margin business and when I thought
about that I thought well that can't be
right because colleges don't make that
much money right there always fund
raising they're barely making ends meet
is in college sort of the opposite of a
high margin business and then this
little thing clicked in my brain which
was oh not if you do it the old way if
you do it the new way digitally you
could drive out what 98% of the cost
think of another industry where you
could take out 98% of the cost now I
don't know if that's possible but I
would say easily 90% because you're
gonna get rid of some room and board and
you know the classrooms and the you know
most of the professor is the
administration I think 90% so if you've
got an enormous industry the education
industry it's also a mess I mean there's
nobody who thinks it's good the way it
is right so it's a mess it's enormous
there are only a few big
there are big opportunities that have
high margins to disrupt and that the
tech companies are going to come for it
as I was
Scott Gollum Galloway's gallo Scott
Galloway insight is that there's no way
they're gonna be able to stay away from
it it's too big and it's too juicy and
especially now that everything got
disrupted the way we're thinking about
College has changed and that's probably
the key because until people started
really thinking about it differently it
was just too easy to do it the old way
let's do it the way we did it before so
let me tell you and and once the big
companies get in here and the innovation
starts it's gonna happen really fast and
then we're gonna be on the way to the
golden age let me tell you what I think
it should look like in the perfect world
if I could design the future of it
it would look like this the first thing
you would need is I would start with
some kind of a a comprehensive major a
college major they would teach you all
the things that are useful and none of
the things that are not if you take a
regular college and major today you're
gonna get some useful stuff but you
can't get a lot of stuff there's not
that useful why not have a college major
that's just a uniform major for the
digital world that's let's call it life
strategy and it's only the good stuff
they would teach you persuasion selling
you would teach you a little bit about
money you know managing money so you can
understand that world and it would teach
you to write to communicate to speak
basically all the stuff that makes
anybody successful including the
strategy of how to succeed how to build
systems that of goals how to increase
your talent stack so those are the types
of classes and now the what I'm adding
to this is the idea that they would be
broken into chunks and each of these
chunks would be like a marketable
product just like a book would be on
Amazon so that anybody could produce any
of these chunks and just
to the marketplace and if these if these
boxes from left to right represent the
entire course then each of these chunks
could be classes they could be parts
within a class within a topic but they
would have to be defined by somebody so
that anybody who's making content would
know that this is exactly the content
for this box no more no less
so everybody is it's apples and apples
once you have apples to apples and all
the courses are are kind of lined up and
and let's say a federal body or just
somebody credible has created this this
degree then let's say the federal
government blesses it and says yes we
can certify that if you finish these
classes you get the degree in life
strategy major now if you need a skill
on top of that and it's now something
like lawyer engineer or doctor you know
very specific stuff your big companies
will teach you the extra skills but they
want to know that they've got a good
base and that's what the life strategy
major would give you you still need more
on top of that but that gets you started
now once you've got a competitive market
where anybody can have a best-seller
there are a number of things you want to
make sure that you're accomplishing so
that this is a good robust market number
one each of these things should have no
introductions when you click on it it
should be a lesson not let me tell you
about how I became a teacher not giving
you the history of people who have given
classes and tell you why they used to be
bad but now they're gonna just start
teaching and that even within the chunks
there should be some easy indexed
cliques so that you could find the
places within the chunks easily
identified boom go right to it next you
need to be able to track performance you
want to be able to keep track of
students you so you know which of the
classes they took on their journey and
then you could measure how they did on
tests so that you would be able to say
oh this whoever took this class almost
always did better on
so that would get a higher ranking maybe
they could charge more in the future of
course eventually there will be
augmented reality and virtual reality
this is you know it's guaranteed because
what would be a better way to teach
history for example than putting you in
the middle of it having you actually
there in some historical event you
wouldn't forget that because your visual
creature if they plop you right in the
middle of history you're gonna remember
history you were there
you remember your own life when you're
there it will feel it'll be just like
that now imagine teaching somebody to be
a mechanic of some type or anything that
you work with your hands now nobody
needs parts nobody needs a an engine to
work on nobody needs a physical thing
you could just manipulate them in the
virtual virtual reality world until you
learn them and of course that assumes it
to be sort of Hollywood models for these
these chunks these classes there will be
teams of people just like a Hollywood
film would bring a team of people
together you would have bestsellers
you'd have reviews of course you know
which ones are the good ones yeah now
here's the interesting part these chunks
these classes could live anywhere so one
of them might be on the who to me one
might be uncon one might be on your
website that you made all by yourself
one might be on YouTube so as long as
you've got pointers to them it doesn't
matter where they live and if you wanted
what are the good one let's say well
maybe you need a subscription to you
know who Demi or one of the other online
sites you might need not need to take
every one of their classes but because
that one class is so highly rated and
that's a chunk you want well you don't
have to pay the premium you could get
the less expensive version but if you
want you might have to go to unit you
did me or someplace else and sign up
together but we're not talking big money
we're still talking in the range of you
know a hundred dollars a month to get a
college education and of course you need
to solve for testing and grading of
papers and such I'm pretty sure that you
could find a way to distribute all that
maybe you can have somebody who actually
watches people take a test
digitally it'd be easy to achieve unless
somebody's in the room but between
facial recognition monitoring what's on
your keyboard checking to see if you
stole your paper from some other
document because it's pretty easy to
check now if you plagiarize
and and some kind of monitoring while
you're taking a test might be enough I
don't know the exact system that would
work but you would have to solve for
testing I think we could do it and
grading and then I can imagine an app
that would let people who were on the
same path get together locally in little
pods let's say a dozen people doesn't
matter what the number is but let's say
a dozen people they just look at their
app and they say yeah I want to take
chunk number three of this class see
who's taking it looks like there's
somebody a few miles away they're gonna
have a watchin party
I'll go me some people who are doing the
same thing I'm doing get my networking
and what's the worst thing about not
going to a physical college you don't
meet anybody
so with this model you're still watching
it on a screen but you have the option
of a meet up with a dozen other people
who are watching it at the same time and
you can talk about it and help each
other and network so you meet people so
this is how I see the future it's got to
be broken up into little competitive
chunks and once this happens anybody can
learn anything and then you're going to
start then you're going to start
unlocking the potential of the people
who had been underserved because think
about how many people in this in this
country have not had the benefit of the
right kind of education and are not
going to get it partly because of
finance partly because they don't know
how it's hard they can't find it
they'd have to travel there's just a lot
there's a lot going on in getting a
college education not everybody can do
it
but everybody with a phone and a TV can
kind of do this
so that that is the suggestion I want
you to I'm gonna end on this because I
want you to just have a a positive
thought about the future education is
going to change and it's going to change
quickly
I think Scott Galloway is exactly right
about that and I think the big companies
are going to make a huge impact really
soon
somebody says mentors are important and
I would agree and it's easy to imagine
that you could work that into this
system so you would have tutors and
mentors would be associated with each
chunk of information all right that's it
for today somebody's asking about
Snickers she's doing pretty well thanks
for asking and I will talk to you
tomorrow