[Music]
bump bump bump bump you know you know
yeah I've been studying the
International sign language I don't have
all of the language yet I'm so I keep I
can't sign as well as I'd like to I've
only got some of the basics for example
this is International Sign Language for
would you like to have coffee with me
I think I'm sort of guessing I didn't
really read that anywhere but it seems
like this would be it
so if we'd like to have coffee with me
if you'd like to enjoy the unparalleled
pleasure of the simultaneous sip which
comes with dopamine you'll be providing
that yourself with my help if you'd like
to participate grab your copy of glossy
mug could be a Steiner chalice or a
tankard maybe a thermos maybe a flask
filling with your favorite liquid I like
coffee and join me now for the
unparalleled pleasure of the
simultaneous simple goes well with
gratitude and optimism two things that I
have plenty of today let's talk about
all the fun things in the news number
one I love it when this president goes
goes to Great Britain first Great
Britain of course has the quote special
relationship with the United States and
we do we certainly have a special
relationship but part of that special
relationship is that the the Brits have
a certain sense of humor that I really
enjoy and the United States has a
certain sense of humor that I also
really enjoy so when the funniest person
in the United States president Trump
takes a visit to probably the funniest
country that isn't the United States in
terms of a sense of humor it gets fun
now I remember when everybody was
complaining
oh I hate it you know we don't want to
be in a situation where the president's
rhetoric becomes normalized
let's not normalize the way he insults
people well few years later here we are
totally normalized are you worse off you
are not worse off you are not worse off
you can't tell me that you did not have
fun listening to President Trump trash
talk Sadiq Khan the Mayor of London
after the Mayor of London had trashed
trash talk to the president you can't
tell me you didn't enjoy that now you
might have enjoyed what he said maybe
you enjoyed more on what Trump said
maybe you enjoyed the interplay but it's
totally normalized didn't change
anything nobody nobody nobody died
nobody lost any money it was nothing but
entertaining I'm glad it's normalized
when did Trump called the the Mayor of
London stone-cold loser
now I don't want to live in a world
where my president can't call a major
leader of another country who's an ally
a stone-cold loser I don't ever want to
go back to those days yeah he he said he
was like as dumb is building he was as
dumb as Bill DeBlasio
and half is a half install come on if
you don't think that's funny
just the fact that you're saying it I'm
not I'm not saying that as a punchline
it's the funniest joke or anything but
just the fact that it's happening at all
nobody's getting hurt nobody's getting
hurt it's just fun and if you can't see
that well you're missing a great show
there was an article I was alerted to
you today by J Frank bullet in the
issues of insights online publication
and he asks the question why are
Democrats and liberals and and
journalists who were largely the same
group why are they so angry and I wonder
the same thing but I also wonder if it's
imagination would you say it's true that
the people on the left are angry and the
people on the right are sort of upbeat
sort of optimistic and is that is that
only because Trump is in power or is
that sort of a permanent situation I
actually don't know it feels like it's
because who's in power but does it seem
true to you that people on the right are
kind of apt too optimistic kind of happy
things go and well I can't wait for
tomorrow people on the Left are well if
you don't get killed by a racist today
you just wait because climate change is
gonna fry your brains so the people on
the Left are living in this world of
doom and gloom and you know tragedy and
unfairness that I just don't experience
I'm sort of living in the other world
where people are doing well and making
progress and sure there's a lot of
things we need to do a lot of people
that need to get helped well we're
making progress that's my world so but I
also don't know if this is just a
perceptual thing and everybody's just as
happy I did a little experiment
yesterday you know which I was trying to
see if the title I gave these periscopes
which will be translated over to YouTube
after this is downloaded later so you
can see the replay on YouTube or here on
periscope but on YouTube I was
experimenting to see if the title I gave
it would change the traffic now I don't
mean in a clickbait way but rather in a
pro-trump
or anti-trump way and so the experiment
was and this is totally non-scientific
so I'm not sure you can well I'm sure
you can't make any definitive conclusion
from this I'll tell you what happened
so I experimented with a title this
seemed to be anti true
because the words Trump and impeach were
in the title and it seemed to me if
somebody somebody somewhere if they were
trying to influence things they would
give more traffic to things to say
impeach and Trump and less traffic to
things that say something that might be
more positive to Trump on average so I
put impeachment and Trump in my title
last time and what do you think happened
to my traffic up 22% so compared to my
average video when I put impeachment and
Trump in the title it was up 22% now I
had to do the counter experiment which
I'm doing right now so I put Trump will
win in a landslide in the title and you
can see that the the native traffic on
Twitter is off the chart so notice
notice that the apparent
yeah the periscope slash Twitter traffic
is much higher so keep that data point
mind because in a few hours this will be
downloaded and put on YouTube YouTube
has an entirely different algorithm will
the high traffic that you're clearly
seeing it's way above average right now
will this high traffic also be
duplicated because it's the same content
same content will it be duplicated on
YouTube or will YouTube do the reverse
will the traffic and YouTube be below
average even though it's clearly above
average here and you know you would
expect that they have different
algorithms so that's so I would suggest
that this might be one way that you
could test for bias because you could do
the same message on two platforms and
there there are mechanisms for you know
hypothetically if there were any shadow
banning hypothetically if there were any
throttling you might see it in the
differences between platforms wouldn't
be conclusive but it would tell you if
you saw a pattern there that's like that
it was always better on one than the
other
would certainly raise a question here's
another data point you all know
Anthony's garelu Chi right you had a
very short short career with the White
House uh Anthony's gurgler Chi I noticed
today followed me on Twitter why is that
no worthy well it's noteworthy because
it's Anthony's Guruji and if he followed
you on Twitter you'd be very happy but
here's why it's noteworthy he followed
me years ago you see where I'm going in
this Anthony scare Lucci had to I think
reef ah lo me it looks like and I don't
have confirmation maybe maybe he can
confirm it later if he sees this but do
you think they Anthony's Guerra Moochie
intentionally unfollowed me after he'd
been following me for a few years years
right so that's not there's certainly
not any any chance that it was a system
error because sometimes there's not a
handshake when you first follow somebody
so so you think you follow them but it
didn't didn't follow through what are
the odds the Anthony scare Moochie
looked at his God knows how many
followers and said you know I think I'm
gonna unfollow that Adams guy and then
some for whatever reason months later
decided to follow me again I don't think
that happened no I don't know what
happened
so without confirmation you cannot make
a conclusion but what are the odds the
Anthony's care about you who by the way
I know right we've we've talked so I've
we have had a long conversation with
Anthony's scared Buchi on the phone but
he knows me I know him
at least you know as as acquaintances on
the phone he record by the way he
recommends my book fairly often in
public what are the odds is someone who
recommends my book fairly often wind
Bigley in public would unfollow me
pretty low pretty low
so that's just something to watch for
here's another one again these are all
everything I'm going to mention is not
confirmation of any kind of mischief
they're just things which could
certainly be confirmation by us they all
fit into that category of well just
because I don't know why it happened
doesn't mean there's only one way it
could have happened right so my my
ignorance of why I'm saying this is not
proof of something just keep that clear
but they're questions it raises
questions there's another one I don't
know this for sure but it seems to me
that I'm gaining about the same number
of followers that I've gained since
maybe 2016 so I'm getting the same
number of new followers as I have since
2016 why is that noteworthy well back in
2016 I had about a total of I know
50,000 followers now I have a total of
three hundred and seventeen thousand if
317 a thousand people are following me
and retweeting and interacting with me
is it likely that the number of new
people I get would be the same every
every day roughly as when I had only
50,000 followers is that likely it's
possible it's possible but is it likely
I don't know
again doesn't prove anything I just
wonder it's a lot of questions so here's
the thing that you should be wary of if
in fact social media platforms we're
trying to put their finger on the scale
I wish there were some better metaphor
or analogy for that but I'll use that
one if they were trying to influence
2020 when would they start right now
because if they start too late they
don't have enough influence and it would
be too obvious it would be too much of a
big change in 2020 around the election
it would just be too noticeable but if
they start now and they just start
tuning it a little bit
just a little bit of tuning little
beater tuning by the time you reach 2020
the lobster is boiled and lobster never
knew that the Watergate had gotten
harder so don't have any idea if any of
this alleged shadow bearing or
throttling is real but the fact that we
can't tell eliminates your confidence in
the system and a system let's say the
system is the United States and the
Republic and our Democratic / Republic
system can the system survive if you
can't tell what's running the system I
can't tell I literally I can't tell I
don't even have I don't even have a
confident guess if our votes are what in
our own opinions and the citizens are we
even running the country anymore
I cannot tell legitimately I can't tell
who's running in the country is that a
good system no it's not a good system
talk about some bills
Kamla Harris
I've said for over a year has the best
natural advantages for becoming the
candidate to run against Trump I don't
think she can win but I said she had the
most natural advantages now what I meant
was she would start with the advantage
of being a woman and by the way let me
ask you this again I got to give credit
to Hillary Clinton you no matter what
you say about her I just have to go back
to what an amazing accomplishment it was
of how she broke the glass ceiling even
though she didn't become president she
got the most votes and I think she
forever changed what you think about the
possibility of a woman for president let
me ask you this so all of this annoy is
about all the candidates running for
president etc have you heard one person
in your private life not not in public
in your private life have you heard one
person say I don't think a woman can be
President
have you heard one person say that
opinion I haven't and I've heard every
bad opinion you could possibly hear
think about that that's that's Hillary
Clinton's accomplishment you should
never take that away from her she you
know I'm I'm I have a let's say a system
that I like to use and I would like to
suggest you use it too and the system
goes like this if there's somebody that
you really dislike in terms of their
politics try to find something you do
like and call it out all right take
somebody that you're not a fan of and
you don't agree with them and you
wouldn't want the season in office find
something you do like and call it in why
do you do that because it keeps you
unbiased if you can't say something good
about somebody you don't want to be
president you should check your own
thinking because there's probably
something wrong with you right and in my
opinion Hillary Clinton changed forever
how we see female candidates for
president and she eliminated from the
conversation woman can't be present it
never made sense in the first place but
she eliminated even even the stray
thought it just doesn't even happen so
let's get back to calm Alerus fuse she's
a woman so she had that advantage
because nobody talks about being a woman
in any way except that it might be an
advantage all right think about that
whatever you hear a woman is running for
president it's always couched as a
positive like oh there's an advantage
she's got that lock down likewise if you
hear that somebody is a person of color
and they're running for president what
is the first thing that people say about
that is the first thing that people say
about Cory Booker well uh no he's black
so I don't think his chances are good no
nobody says that even even racist don't
say that everybody says
being black well that's a plus think
about that think about the fact that you
live in a country where if somebody's
running for president and they're either
a woman or a person of color the first
thing you think and the thing you think
all the way through is well that's an
unfair advantage that just sort of snow
comma snuck up on us didn't it just
totally snuck up on you there's suddenly
suddenly we don't live in that old world
where that's just automatically a
disadvantage anyway back to Kabul Harris
there was a story I think was on CNN
which makes me think they're trying to
take her out of the race but I'll ask
you for your opinion so I'm going to ask
you for your opinion
the story on CNN about camel heiress was
about her husband and I thought to
myself huh I've not heard one thing
about her husband and that's good right
how good is it how positive is that that
Camel Harris is one of the top people
running for president he hadn't even
heard of her husband wasn't even part of
the conversation great right that's sort
of the way you'd want to be you know
unless it was some problem
you you know just it's just not relevant
in the case of peed Buddha jej hear more
about his spouse because that's just
more of an interesting story
it's course I'm a special case but
here's what I found out about coming up
Kamala Harris Camila Harris's husband he
is a he's an old white guy lawyer here's
my question if you're a member of the of
any person of color community would you
think less of Carla Harris for being
married to a white guy I actually don't
know the answer to that question I
wonder if that's ever been studied
because on paper it should be a plus so
if you were looking at this as a logical
person you'd say oh she's a person of
color so she has all that appreciation
of what that's like at the same time the
ideal situation is she's married to a
white guy so that she's got you know she
she's certified open mind
she's certified you know good with all
kinds of people that should be nothing
but good but is it so that's my question
if you if you could get an honest poll
on that sense and that sort of thing
would would people who are black would
they say oh who cares you know
the spouse isn't the president anyway
why do I care or do they say I don't
know that's not quite as genuine as I
might want it to be might be you know so
that's a question is that a plus or
minus I leave that to you there's a very
funny story about the Philippines
president do tarty I can never pronounce
that right do charity duty
he's got one of those names that you
should change his name you should just
make call him you know Duke or something
but dude it's out of the-- i can't
pronounce that you know you should
change his name so i can pronounce it
better that's the standard i give to
everybody for their name but apparently
he's going public with the bizarre claim
that he used to be and i'm quoting
talking about himself a little bit gay
that's right
so duarte somebody's helping me there
with a phonetic spelling so Duarte has
said in public that he used to be a
little bit gay but he cured himself by
meeting a beautiful woman okay this is
one of those stories where I'm tempted
to add a joke to it it's like well watch
me add my clever little thing to it to
to put a funny spin on this but there's
nothing you can really do with it you
just have to just let it lay there do
you say used to be a little bit gay but
now he's not attracted to good-looking
guys he says that's you know that's his
that's why he says so now he is he's all
Heward because he's not he met a woman
so beautiful that it cured him of being
a little bit gay okay let's
assume that's a real thing alright
here's my favorite story of the day do
you remember my prediction about the so
called alleged execution of Kim
jong-un's nuclear negotiator so there
was a story that said unconfirmed report
of a unreliable source so it was an
unreliable source with an unconfirmed
source saying that that North Korea had
the kim jog that had executed his
nuclear negotiating team but then today
we see a picture of that guy he should
have been who was allegedly executed
sitting in the same room with Kim
jong-un and all the special people at an
event so let us check the fake news
filter that I suggested the fake news
filter I suggested was that it was too
on-the-nose it's a Hollywood script
writer term and it means that if you
were going to write write this as a
story it would be a little too perfect
it's like well that just fits a little
too well doesn't it so when I heard the
story the first thing I heard was
unreliable source and how would you even
know write unreliable source too
on-the-nose
I predicted it was fake news today we
have a confirmation with fake news so
keep track keep track of my predictions
I've been making predictions in public
for three years or so and so people keep
bringing up when I talk about my
predictions they talk about how I was
wrong about the Covington boys let me
say this about that if any of you are
ever fooled by a fake photograph or a
fake video I think they were both in
this case a fake video and a fake
photograph you should not feel
embarrassed about that never feel
embarrassed that you were fooled by a
good fake that was a good fake fooled a
lot of people you should be judged by
what how you respond
in my case I immediately said oh I'm
completely wrong I apologize in public
that's it
quick clean unambiguous I was totally
wrong I apologize in public done this so
if you judge me by how I handled it I
would prefer that but you should also be
keeping track of the accuracy of my
predictions I did not make a prediction
about the Covington kids I simply said I
had a reaction to it now if you recall
my reaction was not ever that they were
being racist all right so I never fell
into the I never fell into the trap that
the left it wishes to say hey what's
going on here is racist dear do you all
agree I never said the kids were acting
racist to me that was fake news so did I
correctly say ok this is being
interpreted incorrectly because this is
not racist I did say that so when I took
when I took full responsibility for
being wrong about it I took
responsibility for saying the kid was
being a jerk I never said he was being
racist I said he was being a teenage kid
and teenage kids could be jerks now when
he saw the full video in the picture it
was obvious that he was not being a jerk
he was actually sort of not sure what to
do and that's all it was they were
smiling sort of uncomfortably so I yeah
that was my exact word so I apologized
for thinking that the kid was being a
jerk and that the other kids were being
jerks when is clearly not not true but I
was not one of the people who thought he
was being a racist so not one time did
that ever enter into my mind as even a
possibility so I was half hoaxed and
apologized for it but I would put that a
slightly different category than a
prediction right all right let's move on
independent journalist Tim Poole
announced he's going to be setting up a
fact-checker slash database database of
journalists and news organizations and
that a semi will randomly sample a
hundred articles and give a score of you
know however many are good out of 100
and any violation of journalistic ethics
will result in a strike the scores will
look like for example 73 n of a hundred
articles are credible and ethical how
would you like to be a journalist and
know that somebody is going to give you
a percentage of your articles that are
credible and ethical what do you think
Maggie Haberman would get under this
under this standard would Maggie
Haberman have a score maybe 10% I don't
know I have no idea because there's a
lot of subjectivity at this and but even
before Tim decided to do this I thought
to myself is there a conservative
fact-checking organization because
factcheck.org or comm I forget what it
is and Snopes
the fact checkers I've now all lean
heavily heavily left and you could argue
that Wikipedia is a fact-checking
organization and they they leave left as
well is there a right-leaning
fact-checking organization and if not
why not
that would be weird so somebody knows
one let me know on Twitter and if not
well maybe Tim Poole will be the one who
creates that but you could have a real
question about you know who it is who's
scoring these things
president Trump made news by arguing
that can you hear my cat my cats out the
door I'm gonna let my catheter the door
will I continue talking so President
Trump decided to call on CNN as a
potential problem over in Great Britain
and his point was that
that apparently Great Britain doesn't
get Fox News I'm guessing somebody'll
have to confirm that all right letting a
cat in I couldn't think when she was
yelling here we'll let you look at the
cat yeah boo she comes in the Ellesmere
just like this until she gets some
playtime yeah well she have to wait so
back to my story so president Trump's
that go into London he was talking about
how CNN is over there and apparently CNN
is the primary news source for for
people in Great Britain understand the
United States and the president called
that out as a problem and I thought to
myself my god that is a problem
think think about the fact I mean just
just for a moment think about this if
you live in Great Britain what you know
about the United States is largely
influenced by CNN and CNN hates the
United States there are exaggerating CNN
doesn't hate the United States
then certainly hates the Conservative
government of the United States and
that's the part that interfaces most
with Great Britain so isn't that a
serious
that's a serious problem isn't it I
don't know what I have a label that
problem but if the primary news source
that are our allies are seeing are is
CNN that's very damaging for the country
because they're not saying any counter
point and they're not seeing anything
like news or balanced balanced news
certainly so see you then has I know it
if somebody's watching this who doesn't
the news and and isn't really sort of
steeped in the media as I am you
probably would hear me say the CNN is
biased and say to yourself right leaving
cartoonists blah blah blah the other
side's biased but I think I think we've
moved way beyond the question of whether
or not they're biased haven't we haven't
we left that way back in history and now
it's just obvious this CNN is is
essentially attacking the president and
all he does because it's good for a
business and has nothing to do with what
the news is right I mean we are well
past the point where that's a question
anymore just as it is equally true the
Fox News caters to an audience on the
right and that they're friendly with the
president those are not opinions right
would you say it's a fact the Fox News
leans right and it's a fact the CNN
leans left imagine your Great Britain
all you see is CNN saying that our
president is a psycho racist misogynist
how does that help us overseas that's a
big problem I mean really politics aside
you know not not taking sides wouldn't
it be just as big a problem if they only
saw Fox News right if I'm being fair it
would be just as big a problem if all
they ever saw was Fox News because they
wouldn't understand the United States
because they would have missed this
whole other half of the country's point
of view so the president suggests this
since 18 t home CNN that maybe people
should boycott a TMT now I'm almost
never in favor of boycotts I just as
soon as you enter that world of boycotts
are okay and everybody's boycotted and
I've been boycotted however many times
for however many things I've ever said
that people didn't
so boycotts is not the greatest idea but
this is a unique case this is a case
where our actual foreign policy is being
hurt by CNN and there's no doubt about
it our foreign policy is being hurt by
CNN would you agree that that's a an
objective statement would you now I
think you could have said the same thing
when Obama was president I would have
said you know if the only news that that
that the UK was seeing was from Fox News
and Obama was president I would say
exactly the same thing I would say Fox
News is giving you a damaging view of
our president when our president is
trying to work with the UK it would be
very damaging so the president has
accurately called out I mean it's
political but it's also accurate that
att a major u.s. corporation is very
deliberately and I'm going to be very
let me be clear on this this is
deliberate they know what they're doing
there's no ambiguity here AT&T and major
US company is working very hard against
the interests of the United States it's
all legal you know free speech they own
a company everything's everything's out
in the open completely legal
so I don't know if there's any recourse
certainly there's no government recourse
because free speech but the president is
suggesting that AT&T should pay for it
in other words they should lose business
because they're operating against the
interests of the American public in
intentionally they are intentionally
acting against the interests of the
United States think about that now and
again I would say the same thing when
Fox News was beating up Obama every
single day I would have said the same
thing about that we just happen to not
be in that era right now
so how could we be ok with that so I'm
not I'm not going to go so far as to say
you should not give your business to
AT&T but I will tell you that I wouldn't
I would I would not I'm not recommending
you do anything differently
well I wouldn't give my money to someone
who's damaging of the United States
intentionally the intentional part is
the part that puts me over the edge if
somebody was just you know doing
business and maybe you had some effect
on the United States then I didn't love
but they were just sort of doing their
business and there was some side effect
it was just really the side effect that
was bad I'd say well maybe I live with
that free world nothing's perfect
everything's got a little rough edges
I'll live with that but when you know
people are sitting around the room and
saying well should we continue doing
things bad for the United States yeah
it's good for our business that's not
cool
I'm not cool with that anyway here's
great news Oh before I get to that let's
talk about aoc retweeted a little
whiteboard chat from representative
Pramila jeyapaul I don't know if I'm
pronouncing it right Ramallah
jeyapaul Democrat she was doing a
whiteboard talk about the cost of
Medicare for all versus current costs
now before you before you jump in and
the comments and say it I'll say it
first I have no reason to believe that
her facts and her interpretation of
things is accurate I also don't have any
reason to believe it or not I can't tell
I can't judge so I'm only going to judge
the quality of the presentation
the quality of the presentation a plus
right so here is a smart Congress person
who seems to have dug into the details
enough to present to the public in a
very simplified
whiteboard presentation with a few with
a few images just what the situation was
like how big of a problem is it is it a
solvable one as small as a big just sort
of sizing the problem of universal
health care I don't believe that she
gave us a an objective down the middle
approach I'm sure it was you know shaded
or bias toward you know the aoc version
of the world so I don't tell you that it
was accurate but in terms of how well it
was explained extrordinary there should
be way more of that I would love to see
members of my government sort of like
you saw dr. Shiva do some whiteboard
takes they are really effective in fact
I'd love to see some Republicans do it
I'd like to see other people do it on
these big issues that are complicated
just have a smart person who can
simplify put it in a two minute or a
five minute presentation show us some
pictures give us the big picture here's
why this was important do you remember I
did a periscope a while ago
right where I I looked at some big
numbers about health care and I saw that
or 18% of people don't have health care
insurance I think and I went through
some big number of conceptual thoughts
in which I said with my current
knowledge I don't understand why it
would be so why it would be unaffordable
right so I gave a whole presentation in
which I said based on what I know I
don't understand the point that this
that this is unaffordable because as far
as I can tell it's very affordable based
on what I know but what I know is I
don't know how much how much do I know
about health care this much how much do
I know about the budget of the United
States this much and so the reason I did
that was to show how uninformed the
public are because you've heard I've
heard variously than it will cost 32
trillion dollars on one side and I've
heard that it will save money what's the
difference between 32 trillion dollars
and negative dollars well that's at
least a thirty two trillion dollar
difference in in what the estimates are
we are seriously being lied to by I
think both sides I'm not positive but it
seems to me that let me just say
something you're not gonna like my
current hunch based on very limited
information that I see from both sides
that's also unreliable so I'm getting
limited and unreliable information about
health care and what it would cost from
both sides I think the information on
the right is 90% lie I think the
information on the left is 70% lie
something like that in other words
they're both mostly lies both both the
way they're presented on both sides but
it feels like the right is almost
entirely lying whereas the left has a
few things right but not a not a clean
story that I could believe now that's
just my hunch and I'd be happy to revise
that I'd be happy to completely change
it with any new information I'm not
locked into that at all that's just my
current feeling so don't believe
anything you see about health care
expenses I'd love to see to people know
if they're talking about talk at the
same time
here's another here's a fake news filter
for you if you see a person from one
side present one side on a whiteboard
it's fake news if it's a if it's an
elected Democrat or it's an elected
Republican or somebody who wants to be
elected and they give you a whiteboard
presentation or something like it don't
believe it it's probably a lie but if
you see two people and they spend some
time do it a little back and forth and
somebody makes a claim somebody says
this is why I challenge it well you
might be seeing something like news in
that case but the the one person talking
is not anything you should pay
here's big news I've been telling you
for a long time that we'll never be able
to tax our way to something like a world
where everybody could have a good
lifestyle can't tax our way to it just
can't get there and I've been saying
that the future is reducing the cost of
a good life
what's it cost to have a home What's it
cost to eat What's it cost to you know
have transportation etc and Amazon just
started selling $20,000 homes online so
you can go online and there are several
models of these little tiny homes that
they'll deliver to you as basically a
kit and yes snap it together and you got
yourself a home for twenty thousand now
before you start that doesn't include
the land it doesn't include any prep
doesn't include sewage or you know any
of the site prep stuff or permits or
whatever but it does tell you that
there's a movement in that direction and
that there's probably a market and
there's probably something there and
that are giant corporations such as
Amazon we're probably going to be a big
part of solving this so I would expect I
would expect that you'll see kit homes
and here's the key I think there's one
thing more that they need to do to make
this a big deal and that is you should
be able to add on to it easily give me
that one change get home pretty good
pretty good idea it's more like the the
Model T of cars that's sort of where we
are with kit homes we're still at sort
of the Model T model a you know it's
gonna get a lot better but right now
it's Model T one thing I want I want to
be able to build a tiny little home with
a bathroom in one room maybe something
like a kitchen and then I want to easily
add on another bedroom with another kit
and then add on another bedroom another
you know whatever you give me that and
you've got everything that's that would
change the world is just that one change
all right so that's very very big
bill pulled a tweeted that and if his
account and of course bill Polti being
the blight Authority probably thought
leader in this country I would say and
we've got all this land in urban areas
that people people don't want because
it's a bad area so essentially you've
got lots of low-cost free land even in
Central City places plus a lot in rural
places so could these get homes be the
thing I predict it will be the thing
that's my prediction
kit homes will be a much much much
bigger thing might be one of the biggest
industries in the next twenty years
there's my prediction kit homes will be
one of the biggest industries growth
wise in the next twenty years
alright I want to make a climate change
prediction I'll try to keep this short
and it's gonna start with me buying a
new car recently I bought a new new
automobile and all I got was I just got
the newer version of my seven year old
car I think it was nine years old so I
like to keep a car for a long time
because unless there's something really
different coming out I you know I'm just
not interested so I had an old BMW x5
2011 and I just upgraded it to the new
version oh my god what a difference that
many years make it's in seven years or
whatever it is the eight years of work
the technology is just so different but
here's what's the reason I'm telling you
about this this car has human
characteristics and is slowly phasing me
out of the decision-making so the first
of all as I walk near the car they've
got my key in my pocket the some of the
the accent lights turn on my car
acknowledges my presence when I enter it
and enter the area that makes me feel
like it knows me my car will adjust its
settings to be just for me which makes
me think my car really knows me my car
listens to me talk understands it
changes things you know the heat that
radio whatever by talking I can also use
gestures so there's a place I can do a
gesture so I fall want to turn up the
radio I just go like this with my hands
under the under the rearview mirror and
the radio goes up in volume my car
understands language and sign language
when I start my car and I start driving
the the seatbelt tightens it literally
hugs me it hugs me you feel like a
tightening and you feel actually your
car hugging you
it pays attention to me it seems to be
like I'm special and it hugged me
literally it hugged me and throughout
all of the you know the user interface
elements of this car you see something
that is getting more and more human and
is sort of merging with you
what well one of those aspects is that
the car will keep you from doing
something stupid so if you are if you're
going to drive into something the car
will actually stop you from doing it
every once in a while I'll feel the car
take control and put me back in the
light and sometimes when I didn't want
to so I don't know if it's safe because
the car seems to take the steering wheel
every once a while and get you off like
a white line if you're on it or
something you can correct pretty easily
but it's disturbing when you see the car
make a decision for you so the car
decides the route that I'm going to take
through the GPS and make sure that I
turn when I'm supposed to turn and it
basically is this symbiotic
part in which I'm essentially a cyborg
went on
of the car so me plus my car is sort of
an entity a cyborg symbiotic entity in
the way that it used to be just a
machine and now it's not alright so
that's my first point that we're
becoming cyborgs this is important to my
discussion of of my prediction for
climate change because our cell our
smartphones have also made us cyborgs we
we as long as you have your phone with
you you have a brain augmentation you
know communication augmentation all
kinds of augmentation to your natural
abilities we are now inseparable from
our smartphones so it's it's like we're
one entity from plus persons sort of the
entity and here's where I'm going to
take my prediction for climate change
let's say climate change for whatever
reason doesn't even matter the reason
but let's say the temperature is going
up within some range at the bottom of
the range we'll don't have too much to
worry about at the top of the range we
do you don't have to worry too much
about the range but when the IPCC makes
a prediction they're making something
like an 80 year prediction here's what's
gonna happen in those 80 years that is
not part of the prediction first thing
you have to ask yourself is what are the
problems associated with climate risk so
let's say the temperature goes up more
than we want and again it doesn't matter
why
could be natural could be son could be
co2 scientists say it's co2 but for now
that doesn't matter let's just say that
temperature's going up and bad stuffs
happen what is the bad stuff could we
find ways to deal with all the bad stuff
in such an efficient way that we don't
care how warm it is let me ask you this
what just to blow your mind a little bit
the the current way that we eat as human
beings is that we we grow food in dirt
and we wait for months and months for
food to turn into something and that'll
be packaged in ship it in process and
chemicals - that's the way we currently
eat - sassy like the best way to grow
food do you think in 80 years food will
come from dirt do you maybe I would say
the the odds of food growing in dirt
outdoors might approach zero in 80 years
in ten years of course is still gonna be
Farms in 20 you probably in 30 probably
still just growing outdoors but by then
there will be indoor farms they'll be
underground farms there'll be all kinds
of different ways to make food there may
be a chemical process for making food
that tastes better than any food you've
ever had we might be just making it an
of I don't printers and stuff right now
we slay living creatures and chop them
up and turn them into burgers and steaks
and stuff and to eat them do you think
that in 80 years a primary way the human
beings get protein is by slaughtering
other living creatures maybe I would say
unlikely because it's inefficient the
odds of science coming up with something
that tastes better is easier to make
easier to produce and way more
satisfying as well as nutritious is a
hundred percent remember 80 years 80
years I don't think you're gonna have to
worry about what happens to your farm
because nobody's gonna get food from a
farm in 80 years maybe but I think not
here's another problem maybe it's just
too hot outside and people are gonna die
because they live in places they're just
too hot well in 80 years do you think
people will be dying from the heat no
matter how warm it is do you think more
people will be dying from the heat or
fewer almost certainly fewer because
first of all we'll have more air
conditioning we'll have you know more
ways to deal with things we'll have more
ways to get energy if you've got energy
you've got air conditioning
probably
the number of people dying because it's
too hot outside will approach zero in 80
years and we'll just have ways to deal
with it we could get to the point where
you can genetically modify people to be
better at taking Heat oh yeah
that's possible we're already right at
the point of technology where we could
find people who have genes they make
them more resistant to hot weather take
me for example I don't do well in hot
weather could you find a human being who
does better in hot weather and give me
some of those gene qualities or if you
have a baby can you introduce it into
the baby so the baby can just take a lot
of heat or even a lot of cold absolutely
do you think there's any chance we won't
be able to do that in 80 years do you
think there's any chance we won't be
able to engineer people to just be able
to handle the heat pretty well and not
get in and maybe not even get sunburns
in 80 years will we have clothing that
keeps us cool and a hat that is
basically like a permanent little air
conditioning in 80 years you might be
able to buy for $20 something like a you
know clothing that just completely keeps
you cool so you can't predict that all
right in 80 years we'll have Amazon
delivering $20,000 homes nobody has to
live outdoors because they got their
inexpensive home they built it
themselves you can have nuclear power
everywhere you might have fusion maybe
you don't but you don't need it because
generation 4 and Beyond will be clean
enough and good enough so it when you've
got all kinds of power because nuclear
will get us there and maybe solar and
other batteries and wind will keep
getting better too when we've got plenty
of energy then we can do desalinization
because the big expensive desalinization
is the energy but we'll also have
cheaper easier lower energy ways to
desalinate so once you have water is
climate change a big deal
well one of the biggest problems with
climate change is people might have too
much water or too little water so the
people at too little water
desalinization might solve it Reverend
say two years from now
what about the death deserts you know
becoming more deserts well we now know
how to reforest deserts some of it is
just introducing livestock and they just
poop on it and carry seeds and stuff and
you can redo a desert so we might be
geoengineering the planet to actually
get rid of major storms I'll give you
one example my understanding is that the
major hurricanes that we see in the
Atlantic that affect the United States
they form because of the northern
African deserts that that heat is what
gets the ball rolling that turns into a
hurricane if you were to cause that
desert to be cooler you would reduce it
Americans could we do that within 80
years totally totally feasible to make
the desert less of the desert and and
green it up a little bit how about about
one of the problems with climate changes
that species become extinct will it be
possible for species to become extinct
eighty years from now or even twenty
years or even thirty years
no there will be no extinct species
because we'll just grab their DNA and if
the living ones die off we can just
clone them back to life but here's a
better question how many species have
become extinct in our lifetime like a
million I don't know it's a big number
right the number of species if you count
plants and insects and animals how many
of them have become extinct in our
lifetime a million we can lose we can
lose we can lose another gazillion
species I don't think God I couldn't
tell the difference do I care not really
so we could save them if we want to
somebody's saying it's billions we could
save as many species as you want we just
saved their DNA we have
but technology we own them back if we
want to but the fact is we just don't
miss them we just don't miss them there
might be some point when we do miss
stuff but I don't know where that is
take the littoral so we're losing corals
in some places and that can be a big
issue for the Barrier Reef etc but we
also know there are some types of corals
that are resistant to heat how hard will
it be in the future to say well these
corals seem to be dying let's let's dump
a bunch of these heat resistant corals
in the same place they're not exactly
same but they're just as good for the
fish those corals grow up in 80 years do
you think we'll be able to do that yeah
we could do that kind of now I think we
can do that now so the and then then the
other problem is that coastlines and
water rises and you have to relocate
things not the biggest problem in the
world because it will happen slowly
enough and the people with all the money
seem to be living near the coast they'll
just move a little bit in inland over
time they'll move to better places
they'll move to places that are hardened
against hurricanes better than move to
places that are better protected it will
create a lot of jobs because people will
have to do the work of relocating people
here's my prediction even if everything
that is said about climate change is
true so much will be different about how
we can handle those problems plus we'll
be building the scrubbers to take co2
out of the atmosphere should we decide
that's necessary you don't want to take
too much and because then the plants
don't grow but will certainly have that
ability so the odds that climate change
will kill you approach is zero in my
opinion that's my prediction the odds
that things will be better eighty years
from now in every possible way close to
100 percent so that's my prediction 80
years from now everything important will
be better than it is now not worse there
may be new problems introduced into the
world that I haven't
foreseen but all the ones that exist
will be far far less fewer people dying
of heat fewer problems from hurricanes
fewer problems from not enough food not
enough water all of that will be better
in 80 years all right that's about all I
wanted to say for now if you want to
check this out on YouTube please do that
just search for the phrase real coffee
real coffee with Scott Adams real coffee
with Scott Adams and then you can see
that we play on YouTube if you prefer
that that interface and I will talk to
you later