oh hey how's it goin I was just reading
my book upside down I know a lot of you
when you read a book you'll you'll do it
this way what kind of challenge is that
if you have to read a book right-side up
yeah I don't think you've brought the
right spirited energy that you need to
that book read it upside down darn it oh
it's time let's bring it let's bring it
and you know what I'm talking about it's
called the simultaneous sip and you are
about to be part of it yes you and you
and you I see each and every one of you
I know you can't tell but I can actually
see you running to get your beverages
putting them on the table
preparing your hand do you have your mmm
copper mug arugula snifter Stein Chaves
tankard thermos flask ante and Grail
goblet vessel of any kind is it filled
with your favorite liquid - it's a
little thing called coffee and join me
now for the unparalleled pleasure the
dopamine hit of the day the thing that
makes everything better the simultaneous
simp huh uh huh
just as good as I thought never
disappoints kudos to whoever said in the
comments that you listen to my audio
book of loser to think upside down I
almost spent my coffee but I was in the
middle of the simultaneous Septon I
didn't want to lose my rhythm if you
know what I mean alright so let's talk
about things I tweeted around a picture
from GQ GQ has I think an article in
which they're promoting a new kind of
fashion for men now features a codpiece
and short shorts I don't know if you'll
be able to see this but I'm gonna try to
blow it up here
can you see that it's a codpiece that GQ
of the magazine fashion magazine would
like men to wear with a suit top and
then sort of hot pants short shorts with
with sort of V legs and then a codpiece
now you might not be able to see it
clearly on your screen so I'll tell you
what I'm gonna do I'm gonna bring down
my light and then you're gonna see it in
all its glory there we go you see a
better nail now the reason I'm showing
it to you up close
is that correct me if I'm wrong but that
codpiece is sort of in the shape of a
vagina if you could tell how the
material is let's say there's a seam
there's a identifiable seam that's only
at the bottom of the codpiece now if you
needed to any more evidence that the
testosterone level of men in the United
States has been dropping for decades I
give you exhibit a not judging I also
like to imagine that when my Twitter
trolls come after me you know the the
badly bearded ones I always imagined
they're wearing that when they're typing
the--this got ya stupid cartoonist why
are we listening to the creator of
Garfield haha did you see what I did
there I called you Garfield oh I always
imagined that they're wearing those fat
codpiece all right Kimberly strosahl
stressfull tweeted provocatively in
response to a Hillary Clinton tweet in
which Hillary Clinton was telling
everybody to make sure that their
friends and family read the IG reports
Kimberly replies in her own tweet make
sure family and friends see the IG
report Clinton didn't just invite for it
influence
20:16 she paid for it her team funneled
Russian dossier lies to the FBI for her
political gain Americans deserve freedom
fair elections if only press would hold
her accountable so Kimberly's wording is
a play on Clinton's own tweet so the
actual sentence structure is she's just
mirroring Clinton's tweet and there's
something handshaking Lee amazing about
this little situation from a
psychological standpoint and here it is
you've got two narratives Trump blah
blah blah with foreign countries whether
it's the Ukraine whether it's the
Russian collusion hoax whatever it is
and then you've got Hillary Clinton paid
for the dossier and you know Great
Britain's Christopher steel got it from
Russians follow-up why is it that we
tree one of them so differently why why
is one of them so different and it's
it's an interesting question now of
course they're different on in a number
of ways certainly a sitting president
asking a foreign leader to do something
is different than a candidate hiring
somebody to do what you'd call what he
call opposition research but it is
nonetheless true it's just a factual
statement that Hillary Clinton's
campaign paid foreign entities for
information that they then fed to the
FBI etc and probably they knew it wasn't
true so that's probably not too
different than opposition research in
general but how is it that we got duped
we the entire public how did we get
duped into thinking that wasn't
important because people will read this
tweet and they'll read things they
already knew all right so what Kimberly
Russell is saying is not anything that
we don't already know but for reasons
that are hard to understand except the
'we are weird brains work and the
psychology of it all and how we've all
been brainwashed we've been led to
believe that one of these things is bad
and one of them is it's just a weird
thing and I'm not gonna say anything
other than completely irrationally we
believe they even though everything
about this is true
Clinton paid for this research were from
other company countries it was fake gave
it to the FBI work their work the press
one of the worst things that's ever
happened in the history of the United
States
well yeah let me say that let me say
that with more confidence because I'm
thinking about it as I'm saying it at
the same time I would say that what
Hillary Clinton's team did with the
dossier and if you count working the
press to get them on her side and and to
create the story in a certain way and
then to corrupt the FBI in the process
isn't that the worst thing you've ever
seen in the political United States it
would be hard to think of what was worse
because other things were I would say
mistakes
for example the weapons of mass
destruction that was a gigantic mistake
and it was worse because people died but
I think I think we believe that was just
a mistake right when when the United
States did the the Gulf of Tonkin you
know BS to get us into the war with
Vietnam I don't think that anybody had
bad intentions it was a bad thing but I
don't know that that we were trying to
do something bad for the United States I
think it was a convenience to do what
the leaders believe that the time was
good for the United States it wasn't
good politically it was just good for
the United States so well either the JFK
assassination
yeah that was pretty bad good point but
you don't really think of an
assassination as a political event in
the same way that you think of these
other things but point taken
assassinating the president
would be worse except that assassinating
the president actually brought the
country together if you think about it
as bad as if assassination is when
Kennedy was assassinated my sketchy
memory of the event
maybe the historians can fact check me
on this did it not bring the country
together so I would argue that while
that was clearly bad for the Kennedys in
the worst possible way
therefore the country's health I don't
know might have brought us together
because we do tend to clump together
with that sort of risk so my only point
is that we are psychologically have been
biased to think that what Clinton did
wasn't the worst thing we've ever seen
in all of American politics but I think
it was can if you were to make a list
let's say that if you were a historian
and you were going to make a list of all
the worst things that somebody did
intentionally now I'm going to put the
word intentionally meaning that they
were not intending to pursue the greater
good now when a candidate is trying to
get elected well in some way they might
think that their election might be the
greater good but that's not really why
you do it you do it to get elected you
do it for power so what Clinton did was
for power it seems like the worst thing
I've ever seen by far because it caused
the entire Russia collusion thing which
was deeply destabilizing for the country
divided us greatly
whereas president Trump's phone call
that said you should look into burry
smih is something that even Democrats
agree needed to be looked into they're
making great great hay out of the way it
was done but even his evident Amis say
well okay it had to be done but we don't
like the way you did it I mean that's
not really the biggest problem in the
world
here's the idiot of the day in my book
loser think I teach how different people
think in different disciplines they're
gonna give you some stark examples of
how if you do not have expose you to
different disciplines you know whether
it's psychology history economics math
whatever then you might have a blind
spot in your thinking that is not
obvious to you but it would be obvious
to someone who was in that field I'm
gonna give you an example Senator Chris
Murphy I assume he's a Democrat based on
the context here
he said he tweeted this he goes here's
some back of the napkin math on the
China deal so he's gonna criticize the
president who announced that he has the
first part of a China deal I'm skeptical
about that will talk about that minute
but Chris Murphy wants to take the steam
out of that you know take that take the
political positive out of it because
he's on the other team so he says here's
some back to the math or back of the
napkin math on the China deal all right
so now senator Murphy is going to
educate us with his math all right so
this is math from a senator I don't know
the Senators background and I'm hoping
somebody can Wikipedia that and let me
know tell me his college major and maybe
his background all right so it's Chris
Murphy senator just put it in the
comments so he can see and you know I'll
tell you why this is important in a bit
so here's his math he says China agrees
to buy fifty billion dollars worth of
agricultural products next year and
that's an increase of twenty-nine
billion so he's pointing out in his math
that our benefit is the twenty-nine
billion will get extra in terms of
agricultural products and then he goes
on to say why that's now such a great
deal that we gained twenty nine billion
because he said the tariffs cost the US
farmers 11 million which is you know
less than we got the twenty nine billion
but
taxpayers put up an extra 28 billion in
emergency AG payoffs so the the farmers
were compensated now he adds together
the 11 billion and the 28 billion and
says that together they're 39 billion so
it cost us 39 billion but we only gained
29 billion
this idiot is a senator of the greatest
country on Earth
let me tell you a few things that are
wrong with us I'm just going to come
right off the top if the farmers lost 11
billion but taxpayers put up 28 billion
to compensate them you don't add those
numbers together you don't if if
somebody paid 11 billion but then the
taxpayers compensated them with twice as
much you don't add the numbers together
you subtract you subtract the 11 billion
from the 28 billion now the real problem
is that the people getting money and
losing money are not all the same people
so you're not you're not exactly
compensating them but my point is you
don't add those numbers you subtract one
from the other now again remember this
is back in the napkin so it's neither
correct to add them because it's not
it's not really giving you a clear
picture so it's not correct to add them
or subtract them it's not that simple
but if you're gonna do a back of the
napkin you got to get at least the
addition or subtraction part right all
right that's sort of minimum if you add
something that should be subtracted
you're moving in the wrong direction but
it gets worse
he does his calculation based on one
year so if you look at one year it costs
us according to his napkin the 39
billion and for the 39 billion that it
costs us this first year all we're
getting back is 29 billion per year
for ever
you don't compare the first year and
walk away do you know how many
investments would look good if you only
looked at the first year none of them
none of them none zero there's no
investment that looks good in the first
year
that's what investments are you pay a
bunch of money in the first year so that
every year after that you'll make more
money oh my god this man makes decisions
on behalf of the United States he's one
of the top 50 you know senators that
didn't make sense he's a senator oh my
god oh my god I don't even know if I can
stop saying oh my god all morning oh my
god oh my god oh my god all right now
has anybody looked up his background yet
because I'll tell you what it's not
alright I don't know what his background
is I'm gonna look him up right now
because I didn't see your answer in the
comments yet maybe it's there alright
he's Chris Murphy's in it or Chris
Murphy what do you think his background
is we'll check Wikipedia and he is a
politician obviously he was a
representative before that he was a
politician before that and the
politician before that let's go all the
way back to his education lawyer lawyer
there you go so I don't think when he
was doing his law degree he studied much
economics or he's just lying to you and
hoping that you're dumb enough to think
that 39 million billion spent once which
isn't even thirty nine billion is not
worth it to get twenty nine billion a
year which none of these numbers are
real by the way
the back of the napkin is is is too
complementary to this no there's just so
much more going on here that none of
these numbers are really useful but what
a ballsy thing to tweet amazing how many
people in the United States let me ask
you this how many people in the United
States do you think could read Chris
Murphy's tweet and know what was wrong
with it what percentage of the public
could do what I just did just look at
this tweet and say oh my god you
subtracted when you added when you
should subtract and you forgot about
future years
what percentage twenty at tops probably
80% of the people reading this say hey
Trump just made a bad trade deal because
trade deals don't work and by the way do
you remember when all the smart people
said trade deals don't work think back
to let's say what two years ago whatever
what did a hundred percent of the smart
people say about starting trade wars not
trade deals but trade wars what did all
of the smart people say about trade wars
they all said they're a bad idea they
don't work am i right use your memory
think back did not a hundred percent of
all the smart people tell you that a
trade war is always a bad idea everytime
right what did I tell you from day one
that's not true then a trade war is
exactly the right idea under certain
conditions which actually were our
current conditions one of those
conditions is that our economy was just
great if your economy is amazing and
you're negotiating with somebody whose
economy is a little bit wobbly and the
imbalance between you is is grotesque in
those cases in this very specific case
talking about China primarily in that
case a trade war
is the best idea ever it's exactly when
you want to do a trade war it's the
safest time it's the smartest time and I
would go so far as to say that not doing
a trade war would have been malfeasance
in office because there never was a
better time to do it explain to me why
Trump alone could see that and others
couldn't why why is it that he could see
that so clearly and I could see him so
clearly and many of you could but why
were the experts 100% wrong about this I
don't know if it's a hundred percent but
it felt like that
why were they why were so many of them
wrong well Trump derangement syndrome
would be one but the other is history
repeats have you ever heard people say
history repeats trade wars of the past
were bad history repeats and a story
period I've got a chapter in the best
book you've ever read the best gift I
had him the thing that all your
relatives will love you for if you give
it to him for Christmas I've got a
chapter in here talking about that
fallacy that when you imagine the
history repeats it's the worst tank ever
because history can't repeat it doesn't
have the option because all the
variables have changed and and if
nothing else has changed at least you
know about the last history so you'd
know how to avoid it's like God last
time it went this way we better watch
out for that so history doesn't repeat
you have to look at these the specific
situation by itself as if as if it were
you know one-off because they are
one-off now and now it's becoming clear
with the USMC a I think we've got deals
correct me if I'm wrong I think we have
better trade deals with South Korea we
have better deal with NATO in the sense
that the other countries are paying more
I believe Japan's giving us gave us a
better deal and there's suggestion that
the phase one and the Chinese deal will
be a better deal for the Unites
it's now ah but let me put some
skepticism on the China deal okay
the China deal there's so many variables
there that it might be that we can carve
out you know a little part of it and say
okay at least this stuff we agree on and
while we're still working on the other
stuff now I think that as long as we
don't have a comprehensive trade deal
with the United with China that we
should decouple and we should do it at
the same time
now when I say D couple I don't
necessarily mean that the American
companies who are already over there
need to pack up I'm saying that you know
they'll make their own decisions about
reputation profitability etc and I would
say let's leave that leave that to the
individual corporations but be aware
that if you made a decision today
if you're an American company and you
said hey where should we move our
manufacturing or our business if today
you decided that China was your best
choice as a vendor or a best place to
move your operation that would be one of
the biggest mistakes a CEO could ever
make it would be hard to imagine a
bigger mistake because it would be very
analogous to moving your operation to
Nazi Germany in 1938 or pickier I don't
see how it's that different because once
you know that the Chinese have literally
concentration camps with a weigert
minority where they're beaten and
tortured and they're their wives who
remain home or assigned rapists you're
gonna move here you're gonna move your
operation there do you care what the
trade deal is no you don't move your
operation to the place that's kind of
Holocaust going on right now it's not
like it's in their past it's happening
right now you don't move your operation
to a place where you depend on them to
honor their contracts if you're watching
the Hong Kong situation play out where
they're not honoring their
contract alright you don't move to the
country that right in front of you rips
up its agreements nobody moves there if
they're smart secondly thirdly the the
flute and God people are being used for
spare parts literally being murdered on
demand when when some rich foreigner
needs a kidney transplant they'll go
kill it we're literally that apparently
all the experts have looked into it and
have concluded that's exactly what's
going on how do you move your operation
there if you're a CEO of an American
company well at great peril I would have
to say that there are very few things
that are unambiguously stupid you know
if you're a CEO you're dealing with lots
of uncertainty yeah the the job of a CEO
is to peer into this vast you know multi
variable situation and sort of use your
judgment about the best path and the
best strategy and sometimes it's sort of
guessing you know there's there's a lot
of risk management involved but if
you're deciding to move your operation
let's say you're manufacturing to China
that's not a gray area anymore
there was a time it was and it wasn't
very long ago a few years ago you could
have said well I don't know exactly
what's going on over there
I don't know what's going on but you
know it doesn't bother me you know it's
that's China's business I'm just gonna
move my plant over there I'm not into
politics there was a time you could have
said that Willa Valka give her China
trademarks back alright we have an idiot
with lots of smiley happy faces here so
a Callahan who says well Ivanka give
back her China trademarks Scott will
Volker give back her at st. marks
because I've made a comment in public
and I don't know what a trademark yes I
don't even know what it is I don't know
what that is is that like a patent is it
like a copyright I don't even know what
it is but I'm gonna put extra happy
pieces on my comment so that it'll look
like I really made a point I
got ya I've got a vodka scene
that was you Callahan however I
pronounce your name trademarks are
literally somebody had a piece of paper
and said oh so you say you would like to
use this trademark in our country like
all the other countries check no problem
all it means when you get a trademark in
China is this somebody else is it's
already using the same trademark that's
it if you get a trademark in China it
means nothing else but that they've
validated that nobody else is already
using that and that you're a real
business that's it that's it so mister
how many laughy mocking faces did you
give me on your dumbass comment that
makes you look like a idiot in
public one two three four five six and
twenty I think forty I think there are
forty little emoticon laughing mocking
faces to make your excellent point will
the manga have to give back their China
trade marks
oh well enough on that so no Ivanka
doesn't need to give back her trade
marks because if she gave them back or
cancel them do you know what that would
mean that would mean that a Chinese
company could just make Ivanka products
with her trademark on it and sell them
and compete with actual Ivanka learn a
little bit about business before you
make a comment like that all right
before you make a comment in the
international business realm and I know
whoever made that comment is working in
the arts you just know it right that was
the trademark comment even the lawyer
would know the difference that's not an
important point but an artist if you are
an artist maybe you wouldn't know the
difference
if you're not following
Molly Hemingway on Twitter you are
missing one of the best tweeters of all
time in the political realm so Molly
Hemingway if you're not if you're not
watching her you're just missing great
great content all the time both the
articles in the Federalist and her
tweets so she tweeted this the amount of
belligerent mocking have you seen any
belligerent mocking recently the amount
of belligerent mocking our media did
over the past three years on this issue
meaning the whole the IG report telling
them talking about Russia collusion in
the investigations of the president so
all the belligerent mocking from the
media for three years instead of honest
journalism looks even worse now because
now we know we know they were wrong that
they face no negative consequences and
plenty of positive consequences is how
we know the level of corruption
so corruption scores sort of a broad
term but when you look at the fact that
the American media apparently
intentionally lied and colluded with a
foreign country to corrupt our election
that's pretty bad
and there's not going to be any
consequence and the reason again is the
psychology of it the psychology of it is
that that we've been forced by the media
to focus on president Trump good or bad
president Trump good or bad and we're so
distracted by that that there's a magic
trick that happens so mad magic tricks
depend on making your focus go to the
wrong place so you're now seeing what
the other hand is doing and the
Democrats have mostly with the help of
the media have played this multi-year
magic trick on the United States in
which they've caused us to look in the
wrong direction while the media is lying
and colluding with foreign entities to
overthrow the
legal electoral process in this country
in favor of their candidates and power
amazing alright
as Molly have you a points out I'm gonna
give you another example there's a game
I play that you just saw an example of
it
it's called artist or economist okay
this is a game that you can play on
Twitter and I'm quite serious that I
play this every day now it's a game you
just play in your head but it goes like
this you see a tweet on politics and you
say to yourself huh that's a that's a
pretty good tweet I might not agree with
it I might agree with it
but that's not the point it's just looks
like good thinking I somebody put some
good thought into this
and then you click on the profile and
see what kind of occupation they have
now I'm using economists as just a
stand-in for the let's say the the the
critical thinking parts of of Education
so economist engineer scientists
yes stem somebody who whose entire
background in training isn't knowing how
to compare things right how to analyze
and how to compare essentially critical
thinking but practical critical thinking
alright yeah yeah there are there are
other occupations that have similar
skills now artist I'm using as a
stand-in for any kind of your writer
poet visual artist musician alright so
I'm gonna read you a tweet and now you
have to guess was this written by
somebody who is more like an economist
critical thinker or more like an artist
not so much right here it is this is
from a Renu 'some bass and she tweets
this morning I think I'm going to keep
saying this to y'all Trump is being
impeached however when the Senate
refuses to remove him we will
effectively be a dictator he will
effectively be a dictator we then have
an entire
year of Trump dictatorship and a slim
chance of having a fair and free and
fair election all right artists or
economists click on the profile artists
artist now here's the thing I used to
read I used to read stuff like this and
say man that person is really stupid
that is some stupid stupidity there
that's like extra stupid we're talking
turbo turbo crazy stupid I don't exactly
think that way anymore
here's the way I think and that's why I
wrote this book loser think I think that
she's in all likelihood she's probably
you know a successful artist um I think
she was a blue checked I can't remember
but somebody who was accomplished a lot
probably very smart within her field but
if she has not had access to the other
fields just hasn't spent much time in
the other fields that teach you how to
think more productively would she know
that her point doesn't make sense no
because I don't think you would tweet
this if you knew that it was just
batshit crazy bad thinking you know you
wouldn't do that in public so you know
so blatantly and shamelessly so I would
say she's she's unlikely to be just
stupid I don't think that's the case
probably she's very smart
within her field but hasn't had much
experience in other fields so here's
what she should have thought if the
president doesn't get impeached then the
system worked just the way it was
designed to work that's it that should
have been the beginning and the end of
the conversation if he doesn't get him
if he doesn't get removed from office
you will get a peach probably but if he
doesn't get removed from office the
system worked exactly the way it was
drawn up that's it that's the whole
story all right you will notice
in the coming month especially that the
enemy press the faint news will be
flailing around for a new attack line on
the President Trump because there are
old attack lines have fallen apartment
so they're desperately going to be
they're gonna be a be testing a bunch of
different stuff one of the things that I
think you might see more of is going
after Steve and Miller top aide in the
White House today we saw a story in CNN
in which a former Breitbart editor was
interviewed who says that Steve Miller
is a white supremacists and if she says
she knows because she worked with him at
Breitbart and so she knows he's a white
supremacist and she said that she was
one too but she's reformed as she
believes that he has not so if you see
an article that says a top aide at the
White House is a white supremacist you
know that article is gonna deliver right
so when you you know that if you see the
headline that when you read the article
there's gonna be some reasons solid
solid reasons and once you see those
solid reasons you're gonna be just as
alarmed as the headline wants you to be
it's like my god there must be all these
solid solid reasons in the article there
were none nothing
there was no no evidence given no the
the closest thing she came to an
anecdote was that he once answered a
question by sending a publication that
had bad reputation but I but she didn't
say that the thing he sent her was wrong
because I think it was some factual
stuff it but it came from a publication
with you know some racist reputation do
you know what else has a racist
reputation Breitbart is that true no
it's not true
so I don't know what the other
publication was what but it doesn't
matter so here's the thing Steven Miller
is Jewish so CNN's best line of attack
is that a Jewish man
secretly a white supremacist who hates
Jewish men that's it
and and the examples that this Breitbart
ex editor she got I think she got fired
from some jobs after that after
Breitbart so let's say employers don't
love her we can conclude that getting
getting a new job is gonna be tough for
her so anyway you can expect to see more
attacks like that but if there's such a
thing as a Jewish white supremacist if
that's the best you got a Jewish white
supremacist I mean really you at least
your attacks should make some coherent
sense so calling Stephen Miller a white
supremacist is a lot like saying well
we've got some dry water here we've got
a bucket of water but all the water is
dry so we need to get some different
water because our water is all dry I
just don't know how you can do that now
we do all know this Stephen Miller is
the most aggressive you know
anti-immigration person we know but
that's really different there are a lot
of people who want to control the
immigration that are not racists
apparently the Supreme Court is going to
decide on Trump's taxes you know how
this is going to go right if they took
the case if the Supreme Court decided to
even hear it it means that at least four
of them thought it was worth hearing if
four of them think it was worth hearing
and it's sort of a trump court at this
point which way do you think this is
gonna go I think it's gonna go Trump's
way because I can't see the Supreme
Court taking him out especially a year
before an election I just can't see it
happen so I would expect the Supreme
Court to back trump without even any
consideration to the merits of the
article
yeah you know how often does the court
rule in a way that is politically
opposite from what you expect in fact
that's a question I'm not a historian
that don't really study in the Supreme
Court can somebody tell me when was the
last time the Supreme Court ruled on
let's say something big
forget about little stuff because nobody
cares about the little stuff but let's
say a headline Supreme Court decision
when was the last time it went opposite
the way you expected somebody said the
census but I remember that issue so well
all right well it doesn't happen a lot
it does happen I will allow that it does
happen Obamacare Judge Roberts a good
example so it does happen but you can
usually bet against it all right
CNN's political fact checkers actually
pointed out that two Democratic
representatives actually misquoted Trump
in their attacks in other words say miss
Gore did something he said on the
Ukrainian phone call by leaving out the
word US when he said can you do us a
favor they left out us can you do me a
favor one of them said and the other one
said can you do a favor do you think it
was an accident that the two Democrats
when they were speaking in public left
out the word that was exculpatory
probably not probably not an accident
well what is worse than that can you
imagine going in public in front of the
world misquoting something that is the
most the most published document in the
free world right now is the transcript
issue thing from the Ukrainian phone
call if yeah I mean if you could go in
public and lie about what the most
published document in the United States
says probably more people have read the
transcript than have read any book on
the bestseller list I think if you were
to say what's the best-selling book
right now
probably more Americans have read the
transcript than the number one
best-selling book in the world so that's
that's pretty bold to just change the
words and misquote the president in
public in an official setting when it
could mean impeaching him yeah it's it's
just mind-boggling alright here's the
funny story for the day I may not be
able to pronounce his name correctly
cenk Uygur maegyr cenk cen k uy g you
are from The Young Turks so he's running
for a Katie Hill's old seat California
25 and he had an endorsement from Bernie
Sanders pretty good right if you're new
to politics you're running for office
for the first time and you get a Bernie
Sanders endorsement in California he's
running at California but there's just a
problem turns out that sink
has some comments in his past which do
not pass the the Bernie Sanders sniff
test and he said bad things about women
he's used the n-word east he's been in
favor of he thinks bestiality should be
illegal and you know I disagree that
bestiality should be legal unless the
animal has consented just kidding just
kidding so the the funny thing is the
way he handled that when I guess birdie
withdrew his support his endorsement and
he said this I can't tell you how much I
appreciate the endorsements Bernie
Sanders and two other people I don't
care about and local progressive groups
the gave me their support their stance
took real courage in the face of the
corporate media and Democratic
establishment onslaught so now he's
running as a Democrat and he's throwing
the Democratic establishment under the
under the bus because they they tried to
ratio him we years we Gege
said Friday I want to be free of any
influence other than the voters so sank
is saying that he doesn't want Bernie or
other endorsements because he just wants
the voters to decide yeah that's what I
say when I get caught saying terrible
things in public all right here's
another example of artists versus
Economist's okay I saw a number of
people tweet that why is it what would
Melania say so I'm paraphrasing a number
of different people who tweeted similar
things people said what does Melania say
about President Trump mocking Greta thun
Berg on Twitter when Melania just
recently went what's the best word she
she criticized the people who had or the
woman who had mentioned Barron Trump at
the testimony so what was her name
Carlin professor Carlin me what she said
a joke that the president can name his
son Daeron but he can't be a baron and
then Melania clap back and said leave 13
year-old kids out of this and most
people are great right I think most
people said yeah let's not put 13
year-old kids into politics and then her
husband milania's husband president
Trump says you know hey Greta you know
chill out and maybe you need some anger
management so yeah so I'm looking into
your comments all the people who are
closer to economists and artists are
saying these two aren't the same one of
them climbed in the Octagon one of them
signed up to be an MMA fighter the other
one is just trying to be a kid one of
them one of them entered entered the
fight willingly Greta
entered the fight and not only did she
enter
fight but she has proven that she is she
belongs there she might be a kid but
keep in mind that Tiger Woods could beat
you at golf when he was 14 does it
matter that Tiger Woods was 14 and beat
you a golf should you treat him as a kid
or as a great golfer when he's 14 well
you know if you're playing golf with
Tiger Woods when Tiger is 14 you're
gonna lose right Grenaa
has completely proven that she belongs
on the world stage so she is she as the
age of somebody who's you know a minor
but she has the obviously the will and
the capability to play in the major
leagues how in the world do you see does
anybody see those as similar those are
the least similar things in the world so
if you're an artist you might see these
as similar ah criticizing a child both
the same if you're an economist you're
gonna say all right let's see what's the
same about these two situations
let's see what's different and when he
got 201 willingly got into the fight and
one is aggressively trying to stay out
of the fight do you treat them the same
no no you don't and first of all the
president's tweet was a very gentle clap
back let me ask you this if you got a
tweet from the President of the United
States the same one that Greta got they
said you should work on your anger
management and maybe chill out what
would your response be would your
response be oh my god now I have to
change my name and and my life is ruined
no let me tell you what Greta's likely I
can't read her mind but I'm saying if I
were in this position if you were in
this position how would you like Lee
feel if you would receive that exact
tweet from President Trump compliment
exactly somebody said it in the comments
compliment
you would laugh you would send it to all
of your friends you would say I'm
playing at the highest level it's a
gentle little it's a gentle little
mockery about my enthusiasm basically I
win
Greta came out ahead no get no doubt
about it
did Greta know she was coming in ahead
the moment she saw the tweet yes yes she
did
the moment she saw the tweet she knew
she won now did the president also win
I'd say yes I'd say yes I would say that
they both came out looking okay now of
course the critics have to go after the
president how dare you how dare you
criticize a child who's playing at the
various highest level in in global
politics not even national politics
Greta is playing at the highest level in
global politics and he gently ribs her
in a way that's not even really
insulting in any serious way I would
want that you know it let me put it this
way if you are ever so lucky as to be
the target of a presidential tweet which
is that gentle you're gonna be having a
good day same as Greta you'll probably
put it in your profile same as she did
how is that the same as poor Baron Trump
just trying to stay out of that and then
spotlight it's not even a little bit
similar all right let's see if I've
covered everything I wanted to cover I
think it did alright somebody says
you're seeing lemon faces all over the
place yeah I talked about Don Lemon face
you'll see lemon face now let me tell
you what lemon face is so Don Lemon is a
one of the most popular hosts of CNN and
he does the thing he's not the only one
who does it but he
he's a good example of it where they'll
talk about things that aren't that bad
but they'll try to make his seam bagged
by the face so if you're just listening
to this this won't be nearly as
interesting but you know you could take
anything you could find a pen on your
desk and normally that would have no
emotional content but CNN tries to add
emotional content to things that don't
have any such as this Greta thing then
they were doing that I think Brooke
Baldwin was doing that with the Greta
tweet my god and let me do Don Lemon
face with an ordinary pen from my desk
here's how normal people treat a pen hey
it's a pen I think I'll do some drawing
Oh
I'm using my pen I'm doing some drawing
now I'm going to apply something called
Don Lemon face or you could just call it
lemon face where I look at the pen and I
say oh I I looked on my desk this
morning and I don't even know how to
express this words fail it's a ladies
and gentlemen we may never see a more
important point in our entire Republic
this is the sort of thing that drives
societies apart it's the sort of thing
that made Hitler come to power it's it's
mind-boggling in in the abuse of power
it's a pen it's a pen this pen is full
of I I swear I get a little emotional
when I think about it I don't know how
to express this but this pen has ink in
it and it it comes out under certain
conditions if you press it on a piece of
paper for example it'll come right out
the end is that the world do you want
your children to grow up and
where there are pens full of ink and the
ink is comes out the end I don't think
so I don't think that's the world we can
live in and go ahead and you know
tonight look yourself in the mirror look
at yourself in the mirror look at your
kids look at your kids and say there was
a day I found depend on my desk and what
did I do about it someday when you look
back you'll have to explain to your
grandchildren why you use the pen to
write with
instead of disavowing it and having it
removed from this earth as it should be
what will you say to your grandchildren
I I just I just give me a moment give me
a moment
that that's all that's all that's all I
have next topic and scene that is called
lemon face so lemon face can make
anything seem bad you can make anything
seem bad with lemon face all right
that's all I got for now and I will talk
to you later