I'm pumpin pumpin my shirts all rumpled
hey everybody come on in here it's time
for coffee with Scott Adams
I'm Scott Adams I've got my coffee if
you're prepared you've got a copper a
mug or a glass possibly a tankard or a
Steiner a chalice it might be a thermos
it might be a flask a vessel of any kind
fill it with your favorite liquid I like
coffee and join me now for the
unparalleled pleasure the dopamine head
of the day the part that makes
everything better
the simultaneous sip go well if I'm
right we're gonna have a big crowd today
coming in to complain about me
so yesterday I did two periscopes the
second one was on the topic of anti foie
and I know you're all streaming in here
to yell at me for what you think is a
crazy take a terrible take I'm hearing
on social media but before we get to
that few other things in the news so I
understand that HP Dell Microsoft and
Amazon are all looking at maybe moving
production out of China that's a pretty
big deal it looks like Chinese got some
explaining to do and I've been saying
for a while that I just don't know if we
need an agreement with China if they're
not willing to handle the fentanyl stuff
we should look to wind down our business
because there was probably a time when
you just needed China maybe we don't
need them so much anymore so maybe we
should phase out like the tech companies
might be doing so the big fourth of July
story if I can call it that keep in mind
that all the let's say the a-team for
journalism are going to take this week
off so a lot of people are going to be
out of vacation your best
producers and writers now not all of
them some people have to stay around and
some of them will be the best but you're
gonna see the quality of the news go
down quite a bit this week you know one
of the things that they're gonna be
talking about
I see people complaining in the comments
it's making me laugh we'll get to that
we'll get to that but if if the country
is arguing about whether the fourth of
July celebration is more about the
country or more about Trump well things
are pretty good can you imagine a
healthier situation then that's actually
the headline news headline news we can't
tell if this fun celebration that we're
all going to enjoy is really more about
Trump in his mind or more about the
country in his mind doesn't matter it's
you're gonna have just as much fun
either way I don't think it matters but
I'm pretty sure the country will be able
to keep this in perspective it's not
like it's not like Trump changed truth
Donald Trump did not change the 4th of
July he didn't he then change it 4th of
July I'm still gonna be about the
country all right Fareed Zakaria who I
respect on most things except when it
comes to Trump he's had a bad case of
TDS by his opinions on most things if
they're not about Trump are quite
reasoned and I enjoy his enjoy his show
quite a bit enjoy his opinions quite a
bit too and not counting the TDs stuff
but even free did a little piece
yesterday saying that Trump is right
about one thing which is that our Asylum
system is broken and that we can if have
ourselves to blame for some of the
problems at the border because we've
created a system that encourages it it's
a big deal
that's a big deal and it justifies my
let's say respect for his intellectual
agility talking about Farid because it
wasn't easy I don't think for him to in
a sense cross lines and say okay okay
it looks like Trump's sort of right on a
very very big thing which is that our
laws are broken and they do encourage
the very thing that we're trying to have
less of so that's a big deal and a
productive one and I would say that in
this instance Farid is a patriot meaning
that he's taking a nun possibly an
unpopular view for his core audience
because I would guess that he thinks
it's the right thing to do so I have to
respect that especially around the 4th
of July
all right everybody shoot but everybody
wants to hear me and my terrible take
about anti file I'll give you a little
background if somebody didn't hear it
the first part so you can know what
people are all work up about I'm
probably getting more hate or at least
disagreement in my in my Twitter feed
than usual let me start off by saying
this I'm pretty sure that a hundred
percent of the people who disagree with
me are not disagreeing with my actual
opinion so so here's your starting point
every one of you who disagrees with me
in the comments and on Twitter and in
your own minds every one of you is not
disagreeing with me at all
none of you not a single person every
single one of you is imagining something
that I didn't say and getting bad about
it do you believe me do you believe
that's true do you believe that a
hundred percent of you every single one
of you who disagreed with what I said
about India does not actually disagree
with me they've imagined something I
didn't say
and they're disagreeing with that so you
can see in the comments that a number of
people understand that so I'm going to
reiterate what I said yesterday which
did cause a lot of confusion apparently
and by the way as
as a professional communicator I'm not
escaping my own responsibilities for
clear communication so I would have to
say based on just the number of people
who seem to hear me incorrectly or
misinterpret what I said I will take
full responsibility if you'll allow me I
will take full responsibility for
communicating communicating in a way
that causes people to misinterpret me
right when when when the person
communicating doesn't take
responsibility I I lose respect now I
think you guys have some responsibility
too but as the communicator I think that
the primary responsibility asked me was
B so here's what I said I said that I
saw a video of somebody was a anti fire
insider who was explaining the
psychology of anti-shah and what he said
and he had lots of examples and he was
very credible and he was he was an
insider he was like a an organizer type
and he said that the main motivation for
the Anti Fog people the the black bloc
people who show up to cause trouble is
fun and he was very clear about it spoke
about it at length and in great detail
and and his theory was that males and
it's almost mostly men 95 percent or
something that they have a need for some
violence okay now these are not my
opinions I'm talking about the anti-shah
person who was an insider talking about
anti file he said that it's young men
who really needed to get get some other
energy out and they had a biological
need he believed to do dangerous risky
things because young men do and I agree
with that part and that that was their
primary motivation and that the
political stuff was sort of an excuse
now it's not that they don't believe the
political stuff they do it just wouldn't
be motivating you know by itself it
wouldn't be a reason to show up on the
street
but because it's fun they show up on the
street so you should see it as more of a
an entertainment recreational sporting
event now here's where I went wrong I
suggested I suggested at one point that
we should see it as a sporting event and
that maybe it should be legal now here's
where I went wrong when I said when I
said maybe it should be a sporting event
and maybe it should be legal here's the
first thing you should say to yourself
he's not serious about that if you said
to yourself oh he's totally serious
about that it should be an actual
sporting event that's where you went
wrong it's also where I went wrong
because apparently I say enough crazy
stuff that it's not obvious when I'm not
serious
no I don't think an tyfa should be an
actual sport and if you believe that's
what I actually believed well that's
where we went wrong so I take
responsibility for that because I said
it but in no way should you thought that
that was serious but let me take a
little further the things that people
complained about as they said and this
is the part that's the funniest they
said how could you say that rioting in
the streets should be a sport with all
these innocent people who are not even
there for the event getting attacked to
which I say well if it's a sport if you
make it a sport you would have to give
it rules just like MMA just like boxing
just like football all of those sports
have as a rule that you're not allowed
to tackle the audience you're not
allowed to punch the ref you're not
allowed to do your fight outside of the
cage if an tyfa were to turn into a
sport which I do not recommend I'm
saying it as a joke
sort of a you know there's just
something make you think if it were to
be turned into a sport one assumes that
rules would be applied and that it would
be confined to a space were the only
people who would be combatants had
agreed to do it so it might be people
were agreed to be you know on the far
right who said yeah I hate these
anti-fog guys I want to fight it'll be
fun and then anti-fog could fight them
and the only people involved on some
controlled area it could be a public
park it could be a stadium they could
fight get it out of their system once
again I say it's not a serious
suggestion this is all in service of
getting you to understand that the
mentality of an tyfa is not primarily
political here's why this is important
and there's the part that i didn't say
well yesterday or really say it all i
just imagined you would connect the dots
but it's not that easy so I'll do it for
you here's here's why it's important to
see it as that their mentality sees it
as recreation why that's important is it
determines what you do let me let me say
if I said to you there's a political
event a protest and and you understood
it to be a political event and it was
about something you cared about might be
free speech might be war or no war but
something you care about
under those conditions if I said and it
might be dangerous should you still go
the answer is depends on the topic if
the topic is very important to you even
though you know it might get dangerous
you might want to go because free speech
is worth fighting for ending war you
know or avoiding war that might be worth
fighting for so if you imagined it was a
political event you could also imagine
it would be correct for journalists to
cover it right you want a journalist to
cover a political event if you imagine
this political event
I might even recommend that you consider
going even
it's dangerous but if you imagine that
it's not any of those things and that
that's just a cover for the fact that
people enjoy it what would you do if I
said a bunch of people are gonna show up
at a place they're probably going to
cause some violence and it's not about
politics at all they just enjoy it
under those conditions should a
journalist cover it well if they want to
but they would know what they're getting
into it's a free country they could show
up but it wouldn't make sense because
it's a sporting event all right if I
said to you should you attend knowing
that they're only attending for the fun
of the fight I would recommend that you
not attend in fact I would recommend
that you stay as far away as possible
now is there anything I've said that
would suggest I'm in favor of an tyfa
attacking or that I think it should be
legal for an tyfa to attack innocent
citizens and beat them with clubs no I'm
not saying antiphon should get away with
violence unless it's like an MMA
sporting event where it's a controlled
space and there are no innocents who
could get in get in the way and it's
scheduled and everybody agrees on what
the rules are well then they can do
anything they want to each other and I
don't care how much they hurt but no
there's no situation in which I'm in
favor of legalizing antifa
rioting in the streets and attacking
innocent people somebody says just like
Charlottesville huh what does that mean
what is wrong with you
all right here's the here's the
important point if you would like an t
fought to go away is it more is it more
productive for you from your perspective
if you wanted them to go away to treat
them like a political movement or to
treat them like a bunch of people in the
sporting event that you can avoid which
would be more important
if you wanted to if you wanted antiphon
to go away
well my claim is that antifa can be
reframed and of existence by simply
seeing them as not a political movement
the moment you give them credibility as
a political movement you give them
longevity you give them a meaning as
soon as you say you can do whatever you
want but we just don't want to be there
and anybody who wants to be there knows
what they're getting into they're
getting into a sporting event in which
violence against them is somebody else's
entertainment do you want to go there
well if you do want to go there
under those conditions you know what
you're getting into now I would suggest
somebody says please watch in dinos
interview with Brett Weinstein now now
I'm not gonna watch that because there
isn't anything that that's gonna say
there would in any way have any bearing
on what I'm talking about right now
didn't they go to Tucker Carlson's house
oh that's my favorite dumb question what
did I say they would suggest I'm in
favor of them going to Tucker Carlson's
house a lot of people imagine that I was
in favor of that in what way am i in
favor of them targeting somebody's
family or going to somebody's house in
no way let me let me be let me be as
clear about this as possible because I I
can tell that some people are still not
getting it so this might help you a
little bit if an tyfa attacks somebody
who's an innocent or even just somebody
who's exercising free speech but maybe
they they were there for a reason under
any of those conditions I would be
completely happy with somebody
exercising their second Amendment rights
to end that person's existence
is that clear I'm completely in favor of
somebody's using their second Amendment
rights to stop anti-shah with maximum
prejudice any time they attack innocent
people with deadly weapons is that clear
enough are you okay with that the people
who went to Tucker's house if they
violated the law and I'm not sure the
specifics of the law they should go to
prison if an tyfa attacked anybody who
didn't want to be in a fight they should
go to prison if an tyfa did anything
illegal anywhere at any time they should
suffer the legal consequences are you
okay with that is anybody unclear on the
point that I think an tyfa should be
punished legally for every crime a
hundred percent of them no crimes
accepted every crime they do they should
be punished for it are you okay with
that does that help at all what I'm
saying is if you want them to go away
treat them like a sport ignore them when
they show up
don't go there to engage them now some
people are saying will they then start
making it impossible for conservatives
regular conservatives to meet and talk
about free speech to which I say how
important is that is it important that
far-right people can meet in public
places and argue for free speech well
probably not let me tell you this or let
me give you a case in point
it is not safe for me to go into let's
say I'll use the most offensive example
just to make the point you could not go
into a black neighborhood and start
screaming the n-word without expecting
to get beaten up and yet you have free
speech right we live in a world where
there's free speech but if you told me
hey free speech is so important that I'm
gonna bring a I'm gonna put a group
together we're gonna go to a black
neighborhood and we're all going to yell
the n-word as loud as we can because we
want to support our free speech if you
guys get beat up I don't give a
I don't care yeah okay on some on some
level you're protecting your free speech
I get that but you're also being dumb
and you're also protecting a right that
you already have right you already have
free speech it's not really being it's
not being challenged by the government
the government has made no move against
your free speech tech companies are a
problem but that's not technically
constitutionally speaking free speech
but something has to be addressed if
some of you were protesting the tech
companies and anti-flash showed up and
you know caused a fight I'd be kind of a
problem I'd be more worried about that
but if somebody's holding a rally to
protect a right that they already have
and it's not being threatened in the
slightest way by the government anyway
so the tech companies are a different
issue but from the government why is
that even important why are the
far-right groups even having these
rallies please trying to take away their
freedom of speech
knotti it's a whole unnecessary thing
it's a as unnecessary as if you've got a
group together to go to a black
neighborhood to yell the n-word because
you think you have free speech you can
do it
it would be really really dumb it would
be bad in every way and it wouldn't
protect your rights because you already
have that right it's just dumb to
exercise it so I saw the video I don't
know if it was an undercover video or
not of anti-fog who's planning to
protest
I guess July 6 there's going to be some
kind of a free speech right organized by
somebody on the right and they had a
bunch of people that they they were
calling out as the as they would call
them Nazis and the people that they were
calling out as Nazis you know with with
pictures and brief sort of biographies
included just the most generic people on
the right meaning that none of them were
Nazis I'm not even going to name the
names because I don't want to associate
the names with with the accusation but
what do you actually see anti fuzz
organization and what their what they
think that they're gonna protest against
none of it is serious I'll just use one
name I don't think he'd mind they might
want to go protest Jack bas avec what
why does the anti-shah want it going and
protest Jack Poe Sabich or what's he
doing what's he doing that they don't
like I mean if you think about how weak
and ridiculous that is but they're
calling him out by name as somebody that
must be stopped what he tweets too much
come on that you can't take any of this
too seriously
now given that they're organized against
him any of the people who were named in
their little slideshow I personally I
wouldn't go so if my name had appeared
in that slideshow I would say darn it I
wish that I could go and speak
public without any risk but I still
wouldn't go because why would I subject
myself to risk to fight for a right I
already have free speech right I don't
have a right to well I do have right but
I can't expect that if I offend people
and go to the wrong place and say the
wrong thing that I'm not going to have
some consequences so I just wouldn't go
there now I've turned out a number of
very lucrative speaking offers recently
because it's not safe in my opinion it's
not safe for somebody who has ever said
anything good about president Trump's
talents it's just not safe for me to go
in public it's very expensive and I
don't like that but that's the world I
live in when things get unsafe I go
other places do you know how many times
I've been beaten up in my adult life
guess how many times I've ever been the
victim of violence in my adult life
zero zero now some of that might be luck
but a lot of it is I stay away from
dangerous situations if you go toward
dangerous situations well you know I
think you know what you're getting into
somebody says no rules right I don't
know what you're talking about
yes so those of you who are coming in
late are still angry as something you
imagine I think that I don't in case you
have noticed you were losing that right
well let me let me go back to the base
point again you would like anta fought
to go away because you think they're
eroding your rights I would like them to
go away because I think they're they
could erode our rights all right so we
agree on that we'd like anti far to go
away you would like them to go away and
you would like to apply the least
effective way to do that which is
treating them like a legitimate
political movement I would like them to
go away and the way I'd like to do that
is by treating them as and as a sporting
event they should not be taken seriously
and you should remove all of their
energy every time you fight with them
they get stronger if auntie Foss says
they're going to show up and you don't
or you leave when they show up how much
how much are they going to want to show
up next time if anti-fraud didn't
encounter a fight how much energy would
they have to do it again because it's
the fight they want I say
starve them of the fun and you can get
rid of them
anybody who says that you should fight
them on a political level like with
better ideas or more demonstrations and
we'll have more people and if they fight
we'll fight and if they get violent
we'll get violent all of that is
treating them like a political movement
if you treat them like that they become
that and they get stronger if you treat
them like a bunch of idiots who are
trying to cause some violence for fun
what would you do if you heard they're
gonna show up you don't show up and if
they do show up as soon as you see them
you move in the opposite direction you
just run away what would happen
eventually would they get stronger
because they were winning so much now
you would remove all of their fund they
would stop showing up because they would
get all dressed up they get on their
helmets and they put on their tape and
they they get their their clubs and
everything and they would show up and it
would just be them nobody else would be
there what would they do because the
whole point was to engage people so if
you want to win as I do if you want to
defeat an tyfa as I do if you want to
avoid violence against certainly against
instance as I do you should want to do
it in the way that is most effective not
in the way that is caring
to make them stronger did
charlottesville make them weaker or
stronger stronger does fighting with
them make them weaker or stronger
stronger if they show up July 6 and and
the the proud boys show up and fight
them
does anti-fog get weaker or stronger
stronger right and what does that do to
the proud boys turns them into Nazis let
me say clearly because a number of
people said that I conflated proud boys
with Nazis as far as I understand it the
proud boys are not a racial group that's
not part of their identity they're
correct me if I'm wrong but I don't
believe the proud boys are they're a
racist group and if somebody thinks that
I conflated them with Nazis that would
be the opposite of what I intended and I
don't think I said anything like that my
understanding is that they might like to
show up for the for the violence as well
if I'm being honest the proud boys they
might like a fight alright so if the
proud boys and aunt if I get into a
fight honestly I don't care too much for
either one of them right meaning that I
don't want anybody to get hurt
but if people willingly go into a fight
that's optional if you go into an
optional fight how much empathy am I
supposed to have for you if it's
optional if you have the if you have the
option of being somewhere else do it so
what I said yesterday which probably
caused the confusion is that I don't
know exactly what the crowd boys stand
for I do know that they have black
members so if you have an organization
that black people joined and other
people are calling you a racist
organization well somebody needs to
check some facts because I don't think
black people join racist organizations
at least racist against themselves
so I think the proud boys you know have
a philosophy that's not one that I
understand but it's not one I need to
research either so but as far as I know
they're multiracial and I would not
conflate them with any kind of racist
group yeah so people are saying the same
thing they're not racist but that does
not mean that certain members have not
done things that I would dislike so let
me say that clearly just because the
organization is now racist and just
because as far as I know non racist
people are numbers of it that doesn't
mean that every single person is a non
racist just as it doesn't mean that
every every other large group doesn't
have some so in a bad way
somebody says somebody says pick a side
Scott I just picked the side are you
kidding me could I be more clear how
could you say pick a side
that's all I've done I just picked the
side as hard as you can pick a side I
just said I want auntie fun to go away
is that clear
the the proud boys are just something I
don't know a lot about so you know they
can they can manage their own lives they
don't need my help if they liked fightin
they know where to get it yes they like
not fighting they know how to avoid it
they can choose they're they're adults
what about Andy no and other journalists
they don't like well here's why here's
how Andy no could be safer next time if
there's a and and can we agree that we
can change the past
right there's nothing I can do today
that will help indeed no not getting hit
on the head because that already
happened alright so if we can agree that
the past is not what we're trying to
manage we're trying to manage the
present in the future why should Andy no
do in the future to not be hit with an
object on the head by anti foul
well he should not attend an
anti-feminist raishin right if he gets
hit in his public you know his life
outside of the demonstration then that
person who hit him should go to jail I
think we agree but he can certainly
avoid going to another anti fraud
demonstration because they shouldn't be
covered it's not a political event and
my understanding is that he covers
political events it's just not one and
once you understand that you can
marginalize them and treat them the way
they are all right new subject please
well we're kind of additive subjects
because it's 4th of July and there's
just not a lot happening oh yeah I guess
Iran said that Iran said that it was
going to start processing nuclear fuel
into nuclear weapons grade whatever and
they would do that if they don't get
their way
by Monday or something I don't know what
to make of that because I'm trying to
and trying to square these two things
Iran has said we have no intention of
making nuclear weapons
I believe the Ayatollah has said we're
not going to do it we don't want any
nuclear weapons but they're also saying
that if they don't get they don't get
some relief from the sanctions they're
saying that they will process the
nuclear fuel until it could be nuclear
weapons great so Iran's messages we
don't want to make nuclear weapons but
we're totally going to make nuclear
weapons so I don't know what that's all
about
sure sounds like they want to make
nuclear weapons oh I'm seeing a comment
here this just it makes my head hurt
some of these are so dumb somebody's
saying esque and II know how he feels
what does that mean
seriously what does it mean when you
said in the comments ask Andy know what
he thinks what does that mean do you
imagine that I was happy I had the head
do you or do you imagine that I don't
think that the person who did it
should go to jail for a very long time
do you imagine that I think that was a
good situation like what does that
question mean it's just it makes me
crazy now I know what's happening is
it's just cognitive dissonance because
people live in these you know the world
where there are two choices you're
either pro ante follow or you're against
and you know and there can be no nuance
so I throw in a little bit of nuance and
people think that I'm in favor of an
tyfa like literally it couldn't be you
couldn't have a worse interpretation
alright so let me list the things people
are begging me to change changed the
topic but I'm not going to for a moment
whatever you do stop asking me what I
think about somebody who got violently
attacked in every case I'm not in favor
of violent attacks those people should
be should go to jail and if if somebody
uses their second Amendment rights and
solve the situation in the field totally
ok with that
are we are we good are we good
so if Andy now goes to another anti-fog
event gets his ass kicked
let me say this as clearly as possible I
think that what happened to Andy know is
terrible and you know whoever did it
should be punished but if he goes to
another one and he gets his ass kicked
again I don't have any sympathy for it
ok because he should expect it now this
last time I don't know if he expected it
or not but he certainly expects it now
so if he goes again that's just bad
thinking all right
somebody says do you realize that all
anti-fire has to do is decide that you
were a facet fascist and then justify an
attack they've already decided that what
are you talking about
ante file already believes that which is
why I would not go to an ante which is
why I would not go to an anti for anti
fraud event how do I like it don't like
it so I would like anti far to go away
and so I would like to do it the smart
way and other people would like to do
with the dumb way by making them more
powerful so choose your path the smarter
way the dumb way will trump replace
pence I don't know I'm thinking not
thinking not they'll come for you
they've already come for me are you
kidding me they've already come for me
they've come for me online and they
started to come for me financially so
anti-shah and the left have taken 30
percent of my income that's that's
pretty big hit but that doesn't mean I'm
gonna go somewhere where they they can
hit me with a pipe I'm not gonna do that
somebody says so you're okay with mayhem
on the streets no you fricking idiot I'm
not okay with mayhem on the streets you
stupid frickin idiot
you could not be dumber than to say that
comment serenity down there are still
people reading this whose whose bottom
line is that I'm okay with rioting in
the streets I'm sorry that you're so
dumb there's nothing I can say about
that you're really stupid for whoever
saying what about that guy who was
innocent who got hit what do you say
about that Scott that's a stupid stupid
question and you're a stupid stupid
person for asking it
uh there's no way around that I try not
to say that but man sometimes stupid is
just stupid all right
I'm just reading your comments now can
we discuss Iran and the border crisis
well Iran there's not much happening
except that they're do threat to process
their nuclear fuel to weapons-grade and
the border there's nothing new happening
this week so I think I'm going to end
this because I'm just getting too
annoyed at the people who somehow
believe that I'm in favor of violence
unless people are doing it willingly all
right that's all for now willingly
meaning both sides