bum-bum-bum bum-bum-bum bum-bum-bum hey
everybody come on in here we got stuff
to talk about if you caught me earlier
this morning at around I don't know 4
a.m. my time
you probably think this is a bonus that
it is I did not do the simultaneous if I
was just testing my microphone situation
yeah the test was successful yay but
this is the real thing yes I've combined
the simultaneous swaddle with the
simultaneous sip this is a first
now I don't want to blow your minds but
these two things can happen together so
for the first time ever a world premiere
the most important thing that will ever
happen this year
the simultaneous swaddles sip yeah it's
coming at you and what do you need
besides the blanket well it would be
good if you had a cover of Mugler glass
of tanker Challenger side a canteen
juggler flask a vessel of any kind fill
it with your favorite liquor I like
coffee and join me now for the
unparalleled pleasure that dopamine hit
of the day the thing that makes
everything better including the damn
pandemic it's called the simultaneous
swaddle scent it happens now go and just
as I suspected it's twice as good
swaddling good sipping good put them
together I think you see where I'm going
alright so I feel great empathy for
different groups of people during this
time of crisis but I have a great deal
of sadness and sorrow for this group
there called Democrats you've probably
heard of them and the Democrats are
an especially tough time because until
Trump makes a decision about how to open
up the economy they don't know what to
disagree with so they're all poised to
oppose the president but the longer he
goes without saying which way he's going
to go the longer they have to go without
knowing what they're opposing so what do
they do in the meantime because they
can't they can't offer an opinion that
would be the most dangerous thing Majan
you're a Democrat and your number one
thing in the world is beating Donald
Trump that's all that matters and and
you don't know why he's gonna do you
only know that when it happens you have
to be on the other side but between now
and the time it happens you have to have
an opinion because you know a lot of us
are on social media or pundits so
somebody asks your opinion and they say
should we go back to work let's say May
first or should we stay lock down for a
while what are you gonna do if you're a
Democrat this week any Democrat a pundit
politician and somebody says tell us
what you would do how would you do it
they can't give you an opinion because
if they do there's probably a 50% chance
that it's going to go in the other
direction if they say open it up Trump
might say hey how about a few more weeks
of keeping it closed and vice versa and
all of those Democrats don't want to
take a 50% chance of being on on film
you know on video not film but on video
saying that the president should do
exactly what he ends up doing think
about that what if Joe Biden comes out
and says you know I've talked to my own
experts and I think we should open up
May 15th
let's say Joe Biden says that they in
advance so and week goes by and then
President Trump says I've talked to my
task force and it turns out that May
15th is a good day so I'm gonna open up
everything on May 15th well what does
Joe Biden do
he just said that's the right decision
but he yeah I know may 1st is the date
but you la is already talking about
extending it so I'll give you a little
prediction probably it's not going to be
May 1st everywhere so I think you're
going to see some big places push it in
a few more weeks like la is my guess
but yeah the Democrats are completely
silenced
except for weird questions about how the
Surgeon General refers to his own
grandparents you get that one of the
biggest criticisms of the president's
coronavirus task forces like the best
the best they could come up with
because remember until they can commit
to an opinion of their own there's not
much to criticize you kind of have to
say you would go the other way in order
to say he's going the wrong way
so the best they could come up with is
they they send else endure the the woman
to to accuse the Surgeon General of
using the wrong language when referring
to his own grandparents that was it that
was the sharpest criticism of the
administration is that an
african-american Surgeon General
referred to his own grandparents in the
way that they lovingly refer to their
own grandparents and his family and that
became a national headline because it
was all they had so that should tell you
something about the slaughter meter
shouldn't it i'm very amused to watch
what i call the the growing locusts and
and the red pilling of people on this
whole prediction model questions you
know the the idea that there is such a
thing that people believed a little
while ago say last week people believed
that you could do something with math
and your algorithms and your
spreadsheets your formulas and your
variables and if you did it just right
the alchemy would work out so that you
could actually predict the future until
a week ago
people thought that was actually a real
thing that there were people with
spreadsheets and formulas and and math
who could actually and I'm not joking
predict the future most of the world
believed that that was the world they
were living and they thought they lived
in a reality where there were such
wizards you know in little windowless
room somewhere we don't know who they
are but the Wizards have done their math
and their magic and they can actually
see the future now I know nobody claimed
that they could see the future perfectly
I'm not claiming that but the whole
point of the models right what you
thought last week didn't you think that
last week the models were more likely
true than not at least statistically and
they would give you at least a
statistical glimpse into the future you
thought that right what do you think
this week this week this week you
probably think the models are just
things that experts make up to persuade
you
because models are just things that
experts use to persuade you the models
are used to persuade you what the
experts believe is true in most cases
they actually believe it's true but they
don't have a good way to explain it and
to convince people to act on it so they
build the model but the model is not
truth the model is just complete BS is
just marketing and then people think
that the model actually produced
information when in fact the model
produces no information is simply a
reflection of what the experts are
trying to persuade so watching people
like I'll use Brit Hume as my example
part the reason I use them as my example
is because I have a lot of respect for
them so that makes it more interesting
because it's not very interesting if
people that you know are idiots were
wrong last week and you know now they're
trying to figure out why they were wrong
last week that's not interesting you
know dumb people being dumb is not a
story but when you see somebody as
experienced in smart and accomplished as
britt hume who certainly sees the whole
field or so you would think
and I feel as if just watching his
tweets and his reactions to the the
models and kouchi and stuff I feel like
I'm watching him getting read pilled in
real time like he's understanding that
the experts were not intending to tell
the truth in other words they were
intending that the model would scare you
because that's how they could get the
compliance that they they legitimately
thought they needed so I believe
everybody involved is doing their level
best to produce a good result nobody
nobody in this story has bad intentions
nobody in the story is not smart
everybody in the story is smart smart
very accomplished professionals you know
Brit Hume in the news business
ouchy in the medical business but
watching watching people realize that
the models were never intended to tell
you the future they were only intended
to persuade is really a big mind effort
if you know what I mean and a lot of
people are waking up into a new reality
in which they realize that the so-called
experts certainly know more than we do
I'm not saying you should ignore experts
but you can't trust them to give it to
you straight when that doesn't work so
in a perfect world the experts would say
here's what we know here's what we don't
know here's why we you know have a
strong consensus in this direction but
this is all we know we don't know more
than we know here's what we know and
here's our recommendation if they did
that I think the I think the scientists
know it wouldn't work because it
wouldn't be persuasive it wouldn't scare
anybody people would look at it saying
well you know no right you just said you
just told this expert you know some
stuff but you're not sure and there's a
whole bunch of stuff you admit you don't
know and lots of variables that are just
assumptions so am I going to act on that
am I going to act on your big bunch of
guesses you know probably not so
said they they put it in the form of a
model and then people look at the model
and they say well I wouldn't necessarily
trust these scientists their opinions
hey but hey the model is a model I mean
now it's now it's just evidence now it's
just objective now it's just a fact look
at this graph and of course it's not
objective it's not a fact it's just the
experts finding a way to communicate
that it works so I I asked this question
on just before I keep on one minute
before I came on and I wanted to see in
the answers if anybody yesterday and the
question was this I said does there
exist this kind of American anywhere in
the country and of 327 million Americans
is there any one of us who would fit the
following description this week okay
does this person exist someone who
believes that the coronavirus models
were bogus but they believe that the
climate science models are credible does
such a person exists this week now if
that sounds like an opinion I'm not
trying to make it that way I'm trying to
make it I'm not giving you an opinion on
climate science or coronavirus I'm just
saying that if you are of one kind of
mind which is that models don't work
wouldn't you apply that to both
situations given that they're both
highly complicated lots of assumptions
etc so I think that the the most
consistent kind of person is someone who
believes the coronavirus models were
good or good enough but also believes
that the climate models are good or good
enough directionally and I'm just
curious if there are people out there
who have split the difference since that
yeah models can be terrible and this
one's bad but well this is still pretty
good do they exist I think there'll be
fewer and fewer of them
I've seen a question that says is Mark
Cuban on the task force I do not know I
do not know the composition of the task
force is going to be really interesting
isn't it
the president said something like he
wasn't even sure what party they belong
to because he was you know he indicated
he was thinking bipartisan terms for the
committee but I wonder if it actually
ends up that way because you know
Republicans could be more likely to
search out and ask other Republicans but
it would be good if you had some
Democrats on there I think that would be
the smart way to go so here's my big
question for the week or maybe the month
you know let's see if any of you have
some visibility on this room maybe you
could tweet it at me afterwards and the
question is this there seem to be in a
general sense two ways to reopen the
economy one of the ways is to do it by
geography and say this this is not a hot
spot so you this this zip code can open
up and you could imagine that there
would be obvious logical reasons why
that makes sense but another way to go
and of course it might be a mixture of
the two but another way to go just to
keep them straight in your head is you
would reopen the economy to people who
were low individual risk so it wouldn't
matter where they were it would only
matter if they individually had a risk
of dying if they caught it so that could
include people who are recovered people
or young people don't have you know
complications of other health problems
that sort of thing and the question I
asked is if you had to have a plan the
Saint was biased in one of those
directions because it's probably going
to be a combination right my guess is
there'll be something about geography
but they'll also be something about
individuals right it's gonna be a little
both but if you had to emphasize one
over the other
which one would get you the greatest
statistical effectiveness while also
opening the economy I'm gonna look at
your comments here for a moment because
yeah so everybody who says do both
that's not the comment I'm looking for
because I know it will be a combination
of both
I'm asking about weight yeah
stop saying both please we all know it's
both some amount of both but the is it
primarily okay it looks like people are
just gonna say both in the comments
because nobody wants to make a decision
here today so and today here's somebody
in Cummins is saying I favor individual
but is that the same as saying it would
be the most effective yeah you might
have a personal preference because it
gets you back to work faster but define
effective I would say effective would be
the best balance of economic recovery
with low death rate but you would have
to make that decision yourself so I'm
not going to give you a standard for
that just what's your sense of it is
because the the thing that has me
stymied is a usually risks or at least a
little bit obvious on you know from
30,000 feet usually you can look at two
choices and know which one's the risky
one but in this case I actually don't
have a guess if somebody says they
missed the question so I'll ask it again
if we reopen the economy would it be
smarter to focus on geographies that
don't have a problem or would it be
smarter to focus on individuals no
matter where you are and if you're a low
risk individual go back to work knowing
in advance then it will be a combination
of both but you could have an emphasis
on what you know it could be mostly
about geography with a little bit of
individual stuff or vice versa
somebody says regional is most effective
now I don't know why if it's been
studied that I think I would accept that
answer but just stating that one would
be more effective than the other without
a reason is not convincing me because
I'm trying to I'm trying to game it out
in my hand I think you're doing the same
thing right now which is you're you're
literally creating a little picture in
your mind
of like a zip code and then you're
seeing people coming in and out which is
of course you're ruining the integrity
of the zip code they had no problems
until people started coming in and out
so if they go back to work don't they
just get the same infection rate
eventually as New York and everybody
else it was just a matter of time right
so I actually I'm starting to form an
opinion very preliminary and it goes
like this if you do it by geography but
you don't limit travel you are
guaranteed to bring the virus em into a
situation in which nobody's in lockdown
so the risk of spread is basically
guaranteed and if you've also not
limited the high-risk individuals if you
haven't make any made any difference
about anything else you should expect
that you would reach something like
sixty percent
infection eventually because that's what
it takes to get to hurt immunity I guess
so so that's one model but compare that
to the model where you still have mass
infections because you're sending that
people were safe back to work except the
mass infections would be almost entirely
on people who have a very low chance of
dying from it so if you said the people
who are individually most likely to
survive they can get you close to Hurd
infection or herd immunity which by the
way is now even questioned we're not
even sure we have herd immunity but
still operating on that assumption so
I'm gonna say that your best play would
be to send as many young people out to
get infected as you possibly could and
then try to get them to herd immunity
with the fewest number of deaths as you
possibly could that's my current opinion
because if you just do it by zip code
there's too much leakage from other
places and then they have exactly the
setup that causes Italy which is you're
not doing any social distancing you know
at least
nothing aggressive kind so all right
that's my preliminary opinion but I
would like to your experts because I
don't feel like I could settle on that
ISM as a strong one somebody says
geography with strict two borders I
thought about that and it depends it
depends how you would define strict you
would of course have to let supplies and
you know goods and service well Goods
mostly cross the border
you could probably limit services if he
had to it would be really inconvenient
but people could get you know their
service within the boundaries if they
had to it might just make some
adjustments yeah I could see that all
right
here's one of the big question marks in
my mind I course have a special place in
my heart for the restaurant business I
used to own a couple of restaurants
didn't work out for me as it which is no
surprise by the way I like to haste them
to tell people that when I opened to my
restaurants I did it when I was rich
enough that it didn't matter to me
financially if they made it or not no
they didn't make it but it was it's not
like I was surprised or anything however
it was an immensely rich experience
which I would probably do again if I had
the choice and I learned at just a ton
it was you know good for the town and I
heard you know I employed a lot of
people during that time so I'm glad I
did it but so I have a little bit of
insight into that business that you
wouldn't necessarily have if you had
only been a customer not an owner and
here's what I think might happen because
of this coronavirus situation it
certainly in the next year I don't see
how restaurants could be profitable and
and most of them would go out of
business the independence especially and
the reason is that most independent
restaurants have to operate pretty close
to 100% of capacity to even have a
chance of profits so if you take your
average in your neighborhood
independently owned restaurant and you
take ten percent of their profits away
there
are already negative that's probably all
needs to take out no 75% of restaurants
into negative territory because it's not
a big margin business so my guess is
there for the next year there isn't
really any reasonable way that the
smaller restaurants could possibly stay
in business for that long you know doing
doing things the way they've always done
it which is trying to pack the the room
and it may not even be illegal so here's
what I'm thinking
I'm imagining the ways that restaurants
could quickly refigure reconfigure to
become a different kind of business
without spending a lot of money
something that would immediately boost
their income and maybe give them a
chance and just here's some
brainstorming ideas what idea is to rent
tables in the restaurant for work at
home people who just want to go
someplace that's not their own house now
if you work at home every day you
already know where I'm going with this
right if you work at home and you got
kids there and you got you know you got
a spouse their grandparents you got dogs
running around you got people deliver
and stuff it's kind of hard to get any
work done in your own house sometimes so
I know a lot of people who would be
willing to rent a table in a restaurant
let's say during the afternoon hours
let's say 2:00 p.m. to 5:00 p.m.
and let's say the morning from 7:00 a.m.
to 11:00 a.m. and you could just rent a
table now you can stay there and get
some food to go or eat your lunch there
also or you could eat your lunch and
then just stay and rent the table for a
few hours you just bring your laptop and
you just do your work but you don't make
any phone calls so that's one model it's
basically combines what Starbucks
already does successfully which is
essentially they rent your tables but
they don't directly charge it they sort
of embarrass you to buy Starbucks
products and if you buy their products
well then you sort of have indirectly
you rented a table you can so that
usually
the president's already talking about
baking meal meals tax deductible for
businesses I think that'd be a big
change and great
here's another change since we're all
getting a lot of us are getting hooked
on takeout and delivery but the problem
with takeout delivery is the same
analogous to the problem of online
school
I complain about online education
because all they did is take a camera
and point it at somebody who knows how
to teach and that's not even close to
where online education could be if you
you know have the right team and you did
it right
this likewise with restaurants what
restaurants did for takeout and
especially during the crisis is they
took the items that are on their menu at
the prices that they're listed on the
menu added on top of it you know the
delivery fee which is usually the fee
that you know you're the delivery
company does and then basically they
just took the same business model and
said well how about if we bring it to
your house now that's ok you know it
meets a lot of needs and if you have a
high income it's a good alternative but
if restaurants are trying to succeed
like in this new environment one way
they might go is to become a meal
replacement business maybe in addition
to the high-end stuff but you could
imagine the them changing their their
business into almost an exclusively meal
replacement business in which they maybe
are not you know doing the high-end
steaks but every night they have three
or four choices that a family of four
would want to eat and and then they
price it so that it doesn't you know
it's not outrageous so a lot of ads to
do with the pricing so I think they
could make a meal replacement model
which they do not have now right now
it's a restaurateur that they deliver to
your house which is not the best of both
worlds that that could be redesigned
I also imagine that you could turn
regular restaurants into drive-throughs
or drive ups or like the old days where
you went to a diner in your car and the
server
you know rolled up on rollerskates to
the door of your car so I there's a
business in my town that sells ice cream
it's called the the dairy and it's been
there forever and it's an institution in
my town and it's a drive up so basically
you you get in line in your car and the
usually teenagers come out and they ask
you what you want you know in line so
that by the time you get up to the front
of the line they're almost ready and
they just hand it to either you pay so
it's very efficient but here's what's
interesting the business was not really
designed as a drive-through business I
think it just sort of evolved that way
because and and then they started
changing the street so there was so much
business for this one ice cream place
that the town started putting cones out
and sort of making it easier for a long
line to form and so I could easily
imagine that some restaurants would
transform their parking lot into the
restaurant so you could drive up in your
car order from your car maybe there's a
movie or something playing in the
parking lot and you got people on
rollerskates or not bringing your food
up but they're there trying to keep a
distance right or maybe they don't even
praise the food up maybe they just you
know leave it on the table with a number
and you go and get it yourself whatever
is the least contact I also think that
maybe movies will just go into business
because I'm not sure they're going to
the movies even makes sense anymore
in my opinion going to the movies was
sort of the default plan if you didn't
have anything fun to do I mean in the
old days going to the movies was
actually an event that you liked doing
but today with our attention spans being
so small and movies being so bad and the
alternatives on our phone from Twitter
to YouTube being so good there's
actually going to a movie and
sitting there in suboptimal conditions
well it's just not as good and I feel
like the pandemic might just end movies
as a business and just move it to your
house and your phone all right I am
fascinated by the fact that this Russia
collusion coup situation has gigantic
breaking news right in the middle of the
crisis and nobody cares like you I'm
gonna talk about it and even I can't
find a way to care about it even as
important as it is because of the
alternatives and so I guess John Solomon
confirmed on Sean Hannity's radio that
there are multiple grand jury subpoenas
going out on behalf of Attorney General
John Durham and we're also learning that
the FBI knew the FBI knew that the FISA
applications were bogus and that the the
investigation was bogus and they did it
anyway so now a lot of stuff is
unredacted and we're learning more we
saw an unredacted thing with george
papadapolis in which the whoever was the
intelligence operative was trying to get
him to admit some kind of crime and he
was doing whatever is the opposite of
embedding a crime he said no nobody do
that that's illegal and stuff and he
sounded like he meant it because he
didn't know that he was being he didn't
know that he was talking to an operative
and he was talking it looked like he was
just talking frankly and it's pretty
clear he didn't know about anything that
was out of ordinary you didn't know
anything I'm just pretty clear wouldn't
even see the the conversation and now we
know that and now we can now we can sort
of go back in and rewrite our own
personal histories of whatever we
thought about this situation before
because I started out skeptical I
started I was skeptical that there was
some kind of organized coup attempt I'm
still not sure what organize means as in
I don't know if they had a leader I
don't know you know I don't know if they
had meetings I don't know if they were
all aware of
other people in the plot I'm not saying
that that's demonstrated but it's pretty
clear that a lot of people had the same
somewhat spontaneous notion that if they
could degrade the president in any way
it would be good for their team so my
guess is there was a little bit of
colluding you know certainly there were
individuals talking to each other about
what they could do or would do but I
don't know how organized it was I mean
was it organized down to the point of
trying to put their own person in charge
or was it somewhat autonomous people
just knew they didn't like the president
that they didn't care
maybe they didn't care who replaced them
as long as it was a Democrat because
that's a different coo you know one kind
of COO says I'm gonna get rid of the
person who's there but I'm gonna put it
in a specific person who's my person
that's a coup the other one is just sort
of people acting out their own personal
trauma you know just deciding I'll I can
do this and I feel bad about the
president so I'll do this small thing I
can do and I'll hope other people are
doing things and oh I see the news is
doing their thing and and now I see the
other Democrats are doing their thing Oh
looks like we're all doing this thing
now I feel like it might have been more
like that but we'll find out here's so
there's the big debate I'm seeing is
about the police state you know are the
things we're doing for the coronavirus
is a pushing us too far - no 1984 and
Big Brother and dictatorship and police
state these are all things to not joke
about and they're all serious but some
of the examples are you know churches
are being forced to not hold services
together license plates are being
recorded if anybody who does so they can
be followed up with later and one town
the sidewalks have been designated for
which direction so you can get in
trouble if you're on the wrong side walk
walk in the wrong way you can get in
trouble if you're surfing by yourself
sitting on the beach all by yourself so
there are all these things that you know
you can get dragged off a bus for not
wearing a mask depending on your city
and then there's the talked of some kind
of identification documents if you can
prove you have antibodies now of course
a lot of the freedom freedom people
which is most people but a lot of the
Conservatives I'm saying they're saying
you know dammit you know it's gone too
far we're giving up our freedom our
freedoms for this and it's not worth it
I have no respect for any of those
opinions none I have no respect for that
so all the people who say you can't be
closing the churches and telling us
where to serve from the beach and giving
us ideas and all that I have no respect
for the people whose opinion is we can't
do that because it's bad for freedom
unless they believe all those things and
they can put a number on it if you could
put a number on it then it's actually an
opinion otherwise it's just bitching
alright if you can say to me look I
think that the state should not put all
these restrictions on us I think we
should be allowed to live our lives the
people who were in more danger they know
they are they can hide the rest of us
why don't we reopen the economy that's a
good opinion if you can put a number of
deaths on it that you're willing to
accept for your preferred plan without
that without that you're just bitching
yeah and nobody should even listen to
you whatsoever so if all you're
complaining about is somebody wasn't
allowed to go to church wasn't allowed
to surf whatever I have no respect for
your opinion none unless you can tell me
how many people you're willing to kill
to reserve that right and that I might
agree with you or I might disagree but I
would fully respect an opinion that had
a number on it here's the worst thought
you're gonna have I don't think it's bad
but you might take that way I think in
order to get past the coronavirus
situation we're gonna have to make one
of the hardest choices a free country
ever made and it goes like this we can
have privacy or we can have freedom but
we can't have both anymore and here's a
specific example freedom would be the
freedom to you know go to work go where
you want go to the beach go to church so
that's the freedom I'm talking about the
freedom of where you go and what you do
in order to have that in the age of
coronavirus you would almost have to
give up your privacy because I don't see
any way we could ever get there unless
some people are willing to have contact
tracing let's say have their phones
monitored where they are so you know who
touches who gets in contact with
somebody else maybe something like the
ID cards you know it could be digital it
doesn't have to be a physical document
or a card he a veneer wallet but I think
probably the very minimum we're gonna
need to do is to give up our privacy
about who's been tested what the result
is and where they been in terms of
contacting other people short of doing
those things I honestly don't see any
way past it I don't because even if you
had testing you still sort of need to
know who's tested and who isn't right
don't you feel like yeah you have to
have you have to have some records of
who got tests and who didn't so there's
your privacy there so people will know
if he didn't get tested probably now I
don't know if they're even collecting
that information but I don't think we
can get to the other side without giving
up freedom now here's the good news this
something Eric Weinstein was saying
talking about going to Mars and one of
his points I hope I'm I hope I'm
presenting it accurately there's always
that risk on that but one of his points
was that as humans become more godlike
in our powers in other words one person
will have the power to build a nuclear
weapon and
destroy half of the country so as
individuals get more and more powerful
which is just a given right we'll have
our drones and our weapons of mass
destruction and you'll be able to buy a
corona virus on the darknet so people
will get more and more dangerous and the
only way to protect against that Eric
Weinstein was saying well some of us are
just gonna have to leave the planet and
go to Mars
I don't know how that solves it because
how do you get only good people on Mars
I mean eventually some terrorists are
gonna end up on Mars too so so I don't
think you can escape it I believe that
the only way we will be able to live
together as each of us individually gain
godlike powers is to give up to give up
privacy in other words the system is
going to need to identify people who are
developing the plan so they can stop
them before they do it otherwise we just
won't be able to live on the same planet
no you know it if there's only 1/2 of 1%
of us who are crazy and willing to kill
the rest of us that's the end of the
planet because they half of 1% will have
the complete capability to ruin the rest
of the planet will have the motivation
the ability to do it and nothing can
stop them except a complete loss of
privacy so that you can see it
developing so this is the toughest thing
we will ever have to do since maybe the
American Revolution we will actually
have to explicitly decide to give up one
of our most cherished rights privacy but
here's the good news
I think we can figure out how to do it
without the big downside risk now of
course as soon as you give up privacy
and I don't know if somebody send us in
the comments yet but I would expect it
the moment you give up privacy smart
people will say well that's just the
beginning of the end because once you
give up privacy the government knows too
much about you and then tyranny can
happen and dictatorships because they
have too much control over you because I
know
too much about you now I I have empathy
for that position but I think we can
cleverly get past that with this insight
as long as the government also doesn't
have privacy you'll be fine the worst
situation is if the government let's say
the people running the government they
have all of their privacy
and they can operate behind closed doors
and you don't know what's happening but
you've lost all of yours that's the
worst possible situation because that's
pretty much begging for a dictator at
that point right
but suppose our our transparency of a
government is complete
whatever that means so I'm talking
conceptually now so if the government
has a meeting you find out what they
talked about if somebody decides to find
out your name in a government database
maybe the system is designed so you get
a message and it says huh the governor
just looked at your name on this list
and then you could say hey I'm gonna
tweet about this why is the governor
looking at my name on a list what's the
you know what's that got to do with
anything now I'm just trying to make up
examples of their bad ones but the point
is if we the public could see everything
that our leaders were doing which we
can't now so would require much more
transparency then we would not be in so
much risk that they would abuse our lack
of privacy now I think also you could
game the system to protect privacy while
getting still some of the benefits for
example Apple and Google have this have
this announcement where they're they're
going to make it possible for you to
have an app that would track who came in
contact with whom because your Bluetooth
would be on and your Bluetooth would
recognize each other when he came close
so if you get the virus and you get
tested and you have it some app an
algorithm can find the people you were
with and send them a message and say you
know be careful or whatever whatever the
advice is now it would be easy to write
this system so that no human
being was ever directly alerted to who
was involved in other words the
programmers could create the system and
then just let it run and nobody would
actually see who is getting the texts so
you know you could have some anonymity
built into the into the process of but
as all of you will quickly note that
doesn't really protect you because the
programmers can find out who you are
they write they wrote the software they
can find out who you are and the
government can tell the programmers to
find out who you are
so really the government has full access
to finding out anything they want about
you but they already have that the
government can already find out anything
they want about you you only think it's
different so my point is if we can build
some tools that you would think would
give up some of your privacy as long as
the government was also more transparent
than it is now we could make it work and
we could protect your anonymity except
for maybe the programmers but then if
you have enough visibility they even
they can't they can't do anything bad
with it because everybody's watching so
that's the basic idea I think that's
where we're going utopian thinking is it
I would say utopian thinking would be if
you believe that people would act upon
their good nature and good impulses so I
would think an impractical utopian
opinion would be all people will share
people will not be selfish once people
have all they need they won't steal but
I don't believe any of that so so my
what I just described I think is the
opposite of utopian because it makes the
worst assumptions about human nature you
should build us if your system is going
to survive it needs to make the worst
assumptions about people and still work
didn't let me give you two examples
democracy democracy works and a
democratic republic they work even
though all the individuals vote
or I'm sorry even though all the
individuals voting are mostly idiots and
still it works right so you can make the
worst assumption about the citizens but
you can still see that a a system well
designed cancels out the idiots and you
still get something that all the idiots
say well it looks good I yeah I voted
and I feel good about this even though
my persons didn't win
likewise with capitalism capitalism
makes the worst assumptions about human
beings that were selfish and they will
do anything to screw somebody else as
long as we can get away with it and then
they built the system called capitalism
we all act selfishly and it makes us
rich
that's it that's a good system so
likewise with this privacy question you
would have whatever you did you'd have
to design it so the worst impulses of
human beings is built into the system
and it still works so whoever said I'm
thinking like a utopian you would be
right if I had ever made any assumption
about people doing the right thing but I
always aggressively make the opposite
assumption that we're all evil and
selfish unless somebody's watching so
that's why I add the transparency
because the government would be evil and
selfish if you weren't watching all
right
saying things could be more efficient is
not utopian correct correct yeah we're a
constitutional republic with democratic
principles I'll give you that Scott is
famous so he's already a non private
person with nothing to lose well first
of all I respect that comment because it
echoes some things I've said before then
I've effectively lived in your future
which is that I've lived in a world for
decades in which I don't have privacy
the way other people do meaning that I
assume hackers are trying harder to get
my stuff I assume the people in the
government people in social media have
snooped in my messages I mean I just
soon all right do you assume that would
you assume that any big social media
network has looked at your actual
messages your private messages would you
ever assume that probably not right
because they wouldn't care so you have
the privacy of nobody caring but I do
assume that everybody who is a famous
person probably has had theirs their
private messages looked over by
programmers and developers and other
people like that so I've always assumed
that I don't have privacy the way other
people do just because there's more
interest in violating it and of course
it's possible you know the people who
program the systems have every ability
to look at all the information of course
but the specific type of privacy I was
talking about even I still have which is
the privacy of movement without being
tracked so the specific privacy I was
talking about is you know losing losing
my privacy of who I talk to and where I
was and I'm saying that I would give
that up too because at the moment I have
that same privacy you do nobody you know
nobody knows where I drove my car
yesterday only I know but I would give
that up if it meant it's the only way to
go back to work
are you saying the nanny state is
inevitable with advanced technology I
would call I wouldn't I don't want to
use your term because there's something
different about what I think what I
think is that the system that'll work is
not the nanny state where the government
is sort of the nanny and you know you
like the children but rather something
more like a standoff no mutually assured
destruction is what I call so instead of
saying it's a nanny state I would say
what I favor is mutually assured
destruction which is hey politician you
have it you have the physical ability to
violate my privacy but if you do you're
going to lose your job because I'm going
to know about it we have we have so much
transparency I'm going to know about it
so if you violate my privacy
for no good reason you lost your job so
the system that I think would work would
be mutually assured destruction now
nothing's perfect
so could you design a system in which
there's just no way anybody could
violate your privacy without getting
caught no probably not but I'll bet you
could get most of it you know I'll bet
you could do a real good job you know
nothing's perfect and if you can't
design it then then I'd probably vote
with you that you don't want to give up
your privacy I wouldn't give up privacy
unless we had that extra transparency
okay the death rate for healthy people
is much closer to flute-like
why would they lose freedoms I feel like
you haven't been paying attention can
somebody in the comments answer this
question before I have to why would why
would the people who are not at risk any
more than regular flu the people were
healthy and young let's say Fievel why
should they be prevented from going out
when their risk is no greater than it is
for other stuff now it actually it is
greater but you know you could argue
it's in that range does anybody want to
give the answer because I'm frustrated
that it's not obvious all right so it
might take a while Chris or sometime
like let me give you the answer the
answer is that all you people who do not
have a risk of dying not much risk the
young people the idea say you'll go out
and get infected and take it home and
kill grandma so it really isn't about
you so if you are the only person who
existed and only your personal risk
mattered yeah I'd go back to work in
fact if the only thing that mattered was
you why would we be doing any of this
the odds of you dying are pretty darn
low right the entire purpose is to
protect people you don't even know whose
names you'll never know now if you say I
don't want to do that you know the cost
benefit doesn't work that well you could
make that recommend but don't make the
argument that individuals can just
manage their in
risk we don't live in that world your
risk could kill me and we have a pretty
long history of saying that you you
could have your freedom unless it kills
me yeah you can smoke your cigarettes
unless it's around me you can drive you
can drive without a license unless it's
on the road that I'm on you know a
public road so you know with all of our
rights are balanced against other
people's costs and benefits as well and
how could you change that I mean that's
not the way chase so anybody who thinks
that this situation will be the one
situation in the world in which only
your individual risk will matter that
you need to wake up you don't live in
that world you don't live in a world
where only your individual risk will be
the determinant of what the policy is
it's always about what you do and how it
affects other people they couldn't be
any other way there would be no point in
having a government there's no point
having a government if everybody can
just do what's in their personal best
interest that's the whole point
all right this comment says I am stuck
on this if we do this for a hundred to
two hundred thousand lives
why now for 80 thousand or fifty
thousand good question
here's my answer almost everybody who is
thinking wrong about this makes the same
mistake which is to compare the
mitigated low low number with the the
unmitigated number of regular flu so the
unmitigated number of regular flu could
get up to you know fifty thousand or
eighty thousand right and we as a
society have decided yeah if that's how
many people you lose 50 to 80 thousand
here we think we should leave the
economy open for that so the questioner
asked well if it's only 50 to 80
thousand then we keep it open from the
regular flu and it looks like it might
only be sixty thousand for this
why wouldn't we keep it open for this
because they're not the same one is with
full mitigation one is with no
mitigation you're comparing a rock to a
giraffe if you're if you're stuck on
that you haven't been paying attention
to anything the most important thing you
have to understand is that if we did not
mitigate the coronavirus it's not going
to be a hundred thousand deaths it's
going to be a million but it's going to
be a million now I ask yourself how how
powerful is the shelter in place the
social isolation how much does it work
well according to the models the
difference between what we're doing to
mitigate and not this is the difference
between a million people dying and
something closer to a hundred thousand
and maybe it'll even be lower so it's
about a ten to one or a twenty to one
death rate between mitigating and not
mitigating is that not clear all right
what if the flu is added 200,000 if the
regular flu was a 200,000 then we would
certainly have a conversation about
closing the I hate that phrase having a
conversation we would be debating
whether we should do something about it
but you're also still missing the point
if the regular flu had the risk of
killing a million we would treat it just
like this one so maybe I can summarize
it this way for every risk that has a
risk of killing a million people we
always treat that risk the same way as
very serious and if a risk might kill
50,000 ish it has been our way to let it
go fifty thousand people die in cars or
less so you can think of lots of things
in which sub 50,000 people die but you
can't think of too many things that kill
a million people o smoking actually
Smokey's kind of a special case because
it's grand
there didn't were people are literally
hooked on it somebody says I will never
trust the rulers well that's a good
somebody says exasperated Scott is most
amusing well could I'd be more more
exasperated than intelligent people
comparing a fully mitigated flow with
one that's not I mean if I see that
comparison one more time I think my head
is going to explode
because that's really that's the most
basic thing you have to understand if
you don't understand that we can only
have the 60,000 or hundred thousand desk
with aggressive mitigation if you don't
understand that and that the real number
to compare to the flu is a million and I
think that's low by the way as some
smart people are starting to say we
don't really have a plan that doesn't
kill two percent of our population times
0.6 let's say you heard let's say herd
immunity it happens around 0.7 seventy
percent of the public has it you can get
hurt immunity according to dr. oz 65 to
70 percent so let's say 70 so if we even
if we slowly go back and manage our
risks we're probably going to get to 60
percent of 327 million times 2 percent
people are gonna die they just won't die
all in 3 months so we might be able to
spread out the hospital impact which
would be importantly impossible which
would be a thing but when you talk about
going back to work unless you've got the
testing in place or DNA testing or
therapeutics or vaccines or something
unless you have those things you're kind
of talking about killing a million
people just spreading it out so we'll
see what happens anyway that's all I got
for today well no I'll have bored today
tonight more tonight so he says what
about fentanyl Fencibles
not legal as a recreational drug so
that's already illegal alright and I'll
talk to you tonight you know what