pom pom pom pom pom pom pom hey del
Leanne and the rest of you come on in
here it's time for coffee with scott
adams i'm scott adams and here's my
coffee if you'd like to join me in the
unparalleled pleasure of the
simultaneous hip whether it's your first
time or you've done it many times it's
easy you can learn it on the first try
all you need is a cup of mugger a class
a steiner tankard or a chalice do you
have a vessel of any kind to be at a
thermos or a flask mmm filling with your
favorite liquid i like coffee and now
join me for the simultaneous if and the
unparalleled pleasure of the dopamine
that's gonna set you off for the rest of
the day here it comes now as many of you
know there was a fairly substantial
earthquake in my state of california and
although it wasn't really so much in my
part of the state I noticed that the the
dogs and the cats they always go crazy
just before the the earthquake because
they can sense it somehow and years ago
I started tracking that so whenever the
the you know my past cat or my dog would
start acting crazy I'd say to myself oh
I'm gonna pay attention and see if
there's an earthquake after this and
then after a while I would start to
notice the pattern so I could tell when
the dogs or the or the cat whatever it
was at the time I could tell if they got
a little squirrely it would mean that
there was a quake coming but then here's
the fun part I would start paying
attention to how I felt before the quake
and I could feel almost like a like a
pressure but not a pressure it was it
was some kind of a feeling I could feel
and it was very predictive that there
would be an earthquake
and I woke up this morning I was feeling
it it was like I'm starting to feel that
little pressure that you feel just
before her quake yeah I was starting to
think I wonder what will happen today
because it feels like I don't know I
might be wrong but it feels like Oh God
do you feel that that's just big hold on
hold on it looks like a big one
this is like an 8.5 I think hold on hold
on everybody be okay it'll be okay wow
that was quite a quite an aftershock um
how many of you believe that come on how
many of you believed that was a real
aftershock and worse yet how many of you
believe that I can sense earthquakes
before they happen all right
so many of you probably watched
president president Trump's Independence
Day one of the things that this is
watching your comments because I'm kind
of backed up here apparently a lot of
people thought that was a real
earthquake okay that was fun so if you
watch the Independence Day thing I would
have to say that the president is a
solid homerun of course we live in the
two movie world so a lot of the lot of
the anti-trump errs are saying my god
it's whatever he did was terrible and
people didn't show up and I don't know
they're trying to come up with reasons
why it wasn't a gigantic success well
let me tell you the president's fourth
of July celebration was a gigantic
success it was a
gigantic success one of the one of the
best parts about it is that he didn't
talk about himself at all so I met
apparently he went through the entire
speech just talking about how great the
country was and that he got off the
stage and and I think all of the
anti-trump errs were deeply disappointed
that he didn't do anything
to make it about him so this is so that
was the funniest part about it it was it
was a completely good a good event
alright I in your comments you're still
talking about the fake earthquake is
that I just did so I guess that worked
out well so I would say that the
Presidents Day was about as good as any
day you could ever have
people were saying good things about his
presentation for the the speech itself
the topic see yet the the the flyovers
by the military and all that but here's
the surprising part I was promised some
kind of a revolution in which he would
become a dictator yesterday because of
all the tanks am I wrong
I'm pretty sure that it in the other
movie the reason he was bringing all
these tanks in not for the 4th of July I
know that was his cover story he was
bringing in all of the tanks in the
military because it was his move against
the country in which he was going to
become some kind of a dictator any
minute now
did he look like a dictator last night
did did you feel a lot of dictator stuff
going on when he kept talking about
freedom I didn't feel much a dictator
stuff going on so what is it like to be
a Democrat now when you wake up every
morning and the thing you expect it to
happen doesn't happen again
really again you know as many times as
you're sure this is going to be the
final straw and this is where it's all
going to go along and nothing goes wrong
yeah you there's gotta be some point at
which they start to question their own
judgment now anyway so it's kind of
crazy so at the same time I guess I
guess Joe Biden was doing an interview
yesterday for CNN and did anybody watch
the Joe Biden interview with Chris Cuomo
I can't help thinking that the point of
the interview with Biden was to knock
him out of the race it felt like maybe
CNN is trying to you know put it in the
kill shot because by now everybody's
noticed that the more you see a Biden
the lower his poll numbers go so I think
CNN said all right let's get this over
with
let's take Biden out let's do a log
interview with him and that should take
care of it so I watched some of the
interview and there are some things that
Biden does that are so amazingly dumb
that I don't know how else to say it you
know normally I would not be the person
who would call someone who was so
successful that they'd ever senator for
a long time and then a vice president I
wouldn't normally call them dumb but he
does things that I just don't know how
to have a categorize in any other way
one of them is that he calls President
Trump a bully and then he talks about
his own experience with bullies and how
he got bullied a lot in school but he
would slap him in the mouth or punch him
in the mouth or something and that took
care of it and I thought to myself if
you had a choice for your leader of a
person who got bullied or a bully which
one do you want to be your leader
[Laughter]
think about it both choices are
suboptimal let me agree if you only had
two choices somebody who had been
bullied and was obviously scarred by it
or somebody who might be a bully those
of you two choices you don't have a
choice as somebody who wasn't either a
victim of a bully or a bully who are you
gonna pick well I don't think you picked
the victim of the bully that's the
weakest sounding thing I've ever heard
in my life so just the fact that he
brings up that that framing of the
situation he actually frames himself as
being less powerful than the president
simply by describing himself as the
victim of the bully you couldn't do a
dumber thing if he were running for
president now intellectually and
logically and reasonably we know exactly
what he means if you were to put it on
paper and score it like an academic
you'd say oh yeah that makes perfect
sense you don't want a boy and he has
experience with bullies he knows how to
deal with them yes on an academic level
that makes perfect sense but we're not
really academic people right we're a
population of very emotional basic
primitive brains that that just got
socialized a little too quickly and if I
look at the person who's the bully
versus the person who's the victim if if
both of them are running to work for me
I'd rather have the bully working for me
I mean ideally you wouldn't want a bully
right but if the only other choice is
the victim of the bully I'm kind of
going to pick the one who's more
powerful so that's the sort of thing
that President Trump does correctly
every time and this will be you know in
there's going to be a long list of
things the historians will long after
the fact say Trump was the best ever at
this is going to be a long list
his public rallies for example
historians will say okay okay even if we
didn't like
his policies we have to admit his
rallies were the best we've ever seen
okay we'll give him that you know
they'll be you they'll be people saying
okay we didn't think his tweeting was
gonna be a good idea but you know time
has gone by and now we have to admit his
tweeting was the smartest thing the
president never did okay okay and one of
the things on that long list of things
that people are going to say Trump got
right and everybody else got wrong is
that he never portrays himself as weak
never even when you're sure he should
even when you're sure he should
apologize even when you're sure he
should act a little bit humble he just
doesn't and historians will record
someday when there's enough distance
from the you know the emotions of it
they will record that it was the
smartest thing a president ever did and
in that category by never ever showing
weakness people simply over time got the
impression that he was strong and it's
also a trip you know if you base it on
his his administration so far he's a
strong leader I think everybody would
everybody would agree with that
statement all right
apparently he made I saw the clip of the
president referring to these back to the
Revolutionary War and taking over the
airports so it looked to me like he was
reading the teleprompter did the
teleprompter really say that there were
airports during the Revolutionary War
if somebody says he meant ports so maybe
he just read just read the teleprompter
wrong so I don't know I don't know
exactly what was going on there but it
isn't it's certainly not in the
important category let's talk about Iran
so Britain has seized an Iranian oil
tanker that they think was bound for
Syria which would been a violation of
his sanctions
now what's interesting about this is
that it was Great Britain doing it
because if the United States had done it
it would looked it would have looked
more confrontational than if a Great
Britain does it well if I had to guess
it's probably true that we could have
done it too I'm sure we knew about it
I'm sure we had a resources there but it
makes it look like an international
effort if you can get one other country
to do something you know compatible with
the United States so it sort of probably
made sense that Great Britain was the
next actor in this play with Iran so
that part was good but here's the thing
I want to I want to put out there if you
study economics you have a different
filter on the world than people who
didn't and if you say to yourself okay
Iran has all of these ships and if we
just catch you know one or two of their
ships how much difference is that going
to make because it's just one or two
ships they have lots of ships no real
difference but if you've studied
economics you don't see it that way
these ships are really expensive and and
you don't have to stop up many of them
before all the rest of them say a ten
percent chance of losing my entire ship
is something I want to avoid at all
costs because you don't take a ten
percent chance of losing an entire oil
tanker or even to delay it for six
months while they're working things out
it's super expensive so the companies
that are that are involved in trying to
get around the sanctions are gonna have
to think twice about it so you have to
look at the I would call the insurance
effect if one out of ten of your tankers
gets taken out of action just one out of
ten it is incorrect to say well that's
not many we still have you know nine out
of ten that can do the job the way to
look at it is if one of the ten gets
taken out of action
the other nine lose their insurance
right because if you're an insurance
company and and no boat anchors never go
down you know it's just the rarest event
you say sure I'll give you insurance but
if one in a 10 gets taken out of action
because of the sanctions that's a little
too much even an insurance companies can
say pass I'm out I'm outta here that's
too big a risk so you can be very close
to the tipping point while looking like
you're barely making a dent so that's
the first thing you got to keep in mind
so these sanctions on Iran might be
don't know but might be more important
more effective than it looks if you're
just looking at the raw numbers let's
talk about the border once again thanks
to a OC and a number of other people
there are two completely different
movies running about what's happening at
these immigration detention centers what
I don't know why you processing centers
whatever we want to call them and I'm
not going to call them a concentration
camp even though they do concentrate
people in the camp this is but I'm not
going to use that language so so right
now we have one view of the world in
which it's a human tragedy and we have
another view of the world in which
everybody is doing the best job they can
there are enough supplies there is
enough fresh water and the only problem
is that too many people came in at once
we're trying as hard as we can to do the
best thing we can for these people two
completely different movies so what do
you do what do you do somebody says both
sides are right you know that's where
I'm leaning I'm leaning toward both
sides that right because both sides are
right would mean that if you just put
that many people into a facility that's
doing the best I can
it's a bad situation and it also might
be true that there are individual
facilities in which temporarily somebody
can't get a diaper
somebody can't get a glass of water I
would believe that all those things were
true so there's probably something
something like both of them being a
little bit true so let me let me ask a
question
that's in the form of a implied
suggestion why do we treat this
situation as an immigration problem
because it seems to me that we have two
problems that we're treating as one
problem one problem separately is that
we need to control the border whatever
we do in terms of how many people we let
in what types of people they are that we
let in you know in other words what
qualifications etc that's one question
what do you do with immigration have you
controlled but a separate question is
the humanitarian act thing because
because of the numbers of people that
came all at the same time it became a
humanitarian crisis at a much larger
scale than what would look like just
immigration problems and so here's my
question and maybe somebody in the
comments can answer it for me
why don't we activate FEMA because
here's how I would approach it um you
know how Republicans like systems and
you know how Democrats like goals
Democrats say everybody should be
treated fairly but they don't really
have a way to get there Republicans will
say you know a good system is free
markets and follow the Constitution and
rule of law etc we don't know exactly
where it's all going to end up but we
know it's better than not having those
systems so there's a big difference in
this is the Republicans or systems
people and the Democrats are I just want
the goal it doesn't matter how you get
there doesn't matter if it violates
incentives doesn't matter if in the long
run it's worse I just want this but with
the border security
what is the system that you see the
Republicans music I don't see one I mean
we have a system which is you work
through Congress to get more funding
more people to handle the situation I
suppose you could call that a system but
it's a system that we clearly see
doesn't work right it just doesn't work
and we also don't have trust because of
the two movie problems every time an A
or C goes down there she's gonna come
back with a story of something that's
going wrong and she might not be wrong I
mean there I'm sure there are plenty of
things going wrong everywhere so here's
what I would suggest I would suggest
that we break it into two parts one part
is a humanitarian crisis in which you
would activate FEMA to to add some
instant extra resources could be instant
resources in terms of delivering
materials could be the extra water and
beds and tents and whatever else you
need but here's the better part as a
system it works better than treating
this as an immigration problem because
if you have FEMA who is acting as the
let's say the the backup to immigration
then you have two organizations to make
sure that people are treated right so
you've got the regular immigration
people doing the best they can with
limited resources and if they can't get
it all done you'd have FEMA who would
come to them every day and say what is
it you can't get done today and
immigration would say well we've got a
hundred more people than we want to cram
into these cages then FEMA says I got
some tents we'll put some tents up what
else you need well we're a little short
on diapers today and FEMA says we got
diapers solved what else you need so so
I'm just looking at your comments to see
if there's any objections to it here's
here's what I like about this idea it
changes it from simply an immigration
problem which makes the Republicans look
like terrible menial turds it just makes
it makes Republicans look terrible
because they're treating a humanitarian
crisis
with the wrong system the wrong system
is the is the Border Patrol they're not
they're not geared for this they're
geared for immigration control so you
bring in the people who are the right
people for an emergency and then you say
to AOC hey AOC I hear what you're saying
think how powerful that is
hey OC we hear what you're saying we
don't believe things were as bad as you
said but we don't want to be the kind of
country that leaves any doubt if there's
any doubt because of AOC or because
there are actual problems the it's hard
for us to know as the public
why don't we remove that doubt why don't
we be the country that we think we are
we think we're a kind country we think
we're a generous country we think we're
a country that can solve problems if you
heard the President's speech yesterday
America can do anything we can solve
problems
we're a really really good problem
solver but we're trying to solve it with
the wrong tool right now
Border Patrol isn't the right tool for a
humanitarian crisis FEMA is but you
don't want FEMA taken over you want FEMA
to be the backstop you want you're going
to bring them in and have them be the
second layer of protection for for the
overcrowding for any resource shortage
for just another set of eyes so that so
that you could say okay
Border Patrol says things are going well
what is FEMA say because FEMA is there -
does FEMA agree that things are going
well wouldn't you like to have two
opinions I would as much as I support
president Trump I have to admit I don't
trust what Border Patrol tells us do you
do you trust Border Patrol to give you a
perfectly unbiased picture of what's
happening at the border if you do you're
more trusting that
I have no I have no objection to Border
Patrol I have no criticism of them but
if you have one large organization who
controls the information about anything
I don't trust them you never want one
organization to have all the information
and nobody else has it they're the only
ones who can tell you what's happening
oh and by the way if they tell you
they're doing it poorly they all get
fired that's not a good system it's not
a good system to have the people whose
jobs depend on it be the ones to tell
you whether they're doing a good job
yeah that's no system so put somebody
else there push fever there
give us another layer give us some
humanitarian help and then I think that
helps the president make his case on
immigration because he's now being
completely distracted and attacked on
the humanitarian basis carve it out
we got a humanitarian problem and we got
a border problem there are two different
problems that just happened to overlap
at the moment
all right there's anything else you want
me to talk about today I'm just looking
at your comments here for a little bit
yeah whatever you have a holiday all the
news just gets weak and stupid
would they trade the census question for
the female activation well you know
anytime you add complexity you've got
less chance of success so if you say hey
I'll throw in the census if you throw in
this it just adds another level of
complexity so you want to avoid that if
you can somebody's saying a or C is a
screen actress and a fake congresswoman
let's talk about that
so many of you know that ABC was
actually selected in essentially an
audition by Democrats which they were
looking for young people who could
become politicians people who had the
right stuff and she was among all the
people that they talked to the the
she had the right stuff now if you if
you criticize her for saying that she's
an actress you were making the same
mistake that all the critics of
President Trump have made when they say
hey he's just a con man who's got some
reality TV experience what they don't
get right is that those were exactly the
skills that made him successful so when
you criticize President Trump for
knowing a lot about reality TV and and
being a con man those happen to be
almost exactly the skills of a good
president the only thing you need to be
sure of is that he's on your team all
right
if you if you were working for himself
against the country I'd be worried about
that because he's good at what he does
he's effective so you wouldn't want an
enemy who's very effective but if you're
picking somebody to be on your team well
maybe you want somebody who knows data
persuade people he knows how to sell you
know he knows how to put on a show there
was a good important political
leadership qualities so when you say of
a or C she's just an actress she's not
just an actress she's an actress who won
the Academy Award the Academy Award by
analogy in this case being that she was
selected among lots of other potential
actresses or actors you know people who
were trying to become a politician it's
not an accident that there was skills
that she was filtered and selected for
work it's not an accident that all the
things that her her team of selectors
found in her it's not an accident that
it works that's what they were looking
for they were looking for somebody who
had exactly her skills all right I don't
understand I think those of you who are
having a bad reaction and he somebody
says stop pushing aoc
alright I'm gonna start blocking people
who have a problem with any mention of
AOC
I completely get you don't like her
policies I'm not pushing her policies
but if you tell me she's not effective
at the very same time everybody's
talking about her you're not really I
don't know what you are you're not a
thinking human being she's one of the
biggest stories in the country and she's
absolutely effective I mean everybody's
asking if people are comparing her to
presidential candidates and she's better
politics you know basically since
lunchtime so those of you who are trying
to bully me to not talk about her I'm
going to start blocking you because
you're not you're just not reasonable
participants in the conversation all
right yeah somebody says under
estimating your opponent is stupid and
that is the problem that's going on here
and it it does come across it comes
across that way I'm sure there are other
emotions going on here but it doesn't
come across as a good look all right
the media is falsely reporting small
crowds well probably because the media
knows that would be the one thing that
would get under Trump's skin does if
there's one thing that they like to do
they love to report stories about
something that got under his skin how
many stories have you seen about
something happened or somebody did
something that really got under the
president's skin it seems to me that the
the Democrats entire it feels like the
entire what would you call it the the
strategy against President Trump the
entire strategy is to call him names
have you noticed that have you noticed
that the entire strategy now is just to
call them names call him a bully
call him a racist but they they're
trying to stay away from policy a little
bit
is that my imagination there sure they
all have policies and they'll talk about
them if you ask but when they talk about
the president they don't talk so much
about his policies what were they
talking about the president they talk
about him and one of the other dumb
things that Biden is doing is he's he's
trying to he's trying to appeal to
mediocrity so that so Biden's play is
that he's gonna be trying he's gonna try
to be the most average ordinary person
hey I'm lunch box Joe I worked for the
middle class and I'm gonna do things
that are sort of reasonable and right
down the middle
and he looks like a dinosaur when he
acts like that because I feel like
Sciences has moved on and we know that
being reasonable and down the middle is
the last thing that anybody wants nobody
wants that
nobody wants down the middle now there
may be people who say they want it but
the way he's selling it is so
uninteresting that is hilarious
and so when I hear when I hear him talk
it just sounds like I'm gonna raise your
taxes and nothing exceptional is gonna
happen and we just don't want that mean
old President Trump I mean he just
doesn't have any any game at all
he is game 'less all right now remember
one of the things that I told you is
that you think that people are voting
for the person whose policies they like
and on some level you know that makes a
difference I mean people are a little
bit influenced by the policies but not
too much people sort of pick a team and
I would like to introduce the following
the following filter to understanding
the world I believe that many of our
decisions are based on style think about
that many of our decisions are based on
style I'll give you an example
if you were a young single male and you
want a date and you have an
embarrassingly bad automobile what are
your odds of attracting a high-level
date well you might get one date but if
you try to if you try to date a woman
and you show up with a car that she
doesn't want to be seen in a car she
doesn't want to doesn't want anybody to
see her riding in doesn't want to see
her get out of you don't have a chance
it doesn't matter how it wasin you are
it doesn't matter that the reason you
don't have a good car is because you
don't want to pollute the world you
could have really good reasons for not
having a nice car but you will be judged
by your accessories because people make
decisions based on style so they're
gonna look at you and you're gonna say
okay well how would I look standing next
to that person right i independent of
how much I like them around the track
that what I look what would people think
look I were to look on Instagram when I
post the pictures of us together
likewise when you see all of the Magda
people wearing their red hats it's in
the sense it's a style choice they're
choosing to say I would like to
associate my myself with a set of
politics and especially with this
president I've decided that I look good
in this package so the president is sort
of an accessory to the rest of my life
because who I am is what I do for a
living it's what I look like but it's
also who I follow on politics it's who I
it's who I prefer in politics that's
part of my style it's part of my
lifestyle and here's the problem with
Biden he's not anybody's style you know
if you look at Camilla Harris she is
she's interesting right now I'm not
gonna tell you you should vote for
anything I'm gonna making just a style
statement her style yeah I don't think
she dresses well but she's got a younger
more progressive interesting she's she's
female she's got a good hairstyle she's
attractive to look at she's got she's
got style am I wrong
and I think that that counts for a lot
but nobody wants to say my style is Joe
Biden nobody wants to say you know let
me tell you who I am I'm I I'm a guy who
likes this band and I like I like you
know the environment and I like Joe
Biden no he's just not a style statement
and if you think that doesn't matter you
might be surprised at the the outcome
I'm seeing somebody argue whether Carla
Harris is attractive or not I don't even
think that's an argument because
remember we're not we're not talking
about we're not talking about Victoria's
Secrets we're talking about politicians
or what I say attractive I don't mean in
the sexist way I mean in the human being
way because you could have attractive
men you could have attractive women in
the same way that Peter Budaj edge is
attractive all right so it's not about
me being attracted it's about being
telegenic calmly Harris's telegenic and
she looks she looks very good but but a
judge looks good
kirsten gillibrand looks good so there's
a lot of good-looking people who would
who would be sort of a plus to your
style President Obama President Obama
was one of the best accessories a person
we'll ever have style-wise because you
could be a Republican and say you know
I'm a Republican but this this last time
I voted for Obama it's kind of cool
Obama for all the things you don't like
about him and for all of his you know
dad pants and and dorky things he did on
that he was stylish he's attractive
attractive you know in the human being
way right he's attractive and I think
that mattered a lot Trump interestingly
he's more personality than looks you
know in his youth he was a fantastically
good-looking guy for his current age
he's better than most people but you
know you have to you have to grade it on
a curve you know after what's your over
seventy and I would say that people felt
about Trump they his whole style of you
know success and you know work hard and
America and all that that actually that
a lot of people do embrace that style
the the same people who would put an
American flag an actual flag up on their
porch probably like the way president
sounds so there's a style issue there
all right anything else you'll hear
somebody said they can't stand calmly
Harris's fake laugh it's not a fake
laugh is it a fake laugh no not any more
than anybody else's laugh but it is a
sane on confident laugh and I would be
surprised if she doesn't lose that
during during the election cycle I'll
bet you that calmly Harris learns to
smile more and laugh less that that's
the sort of advice that could make her
president so listen this advice again
because I think this was terribly
important
if Carla Harris smiled more but laughed
her her charisma would just go through
the roof because if she can turn that
she has a natural power a natural
charisma and it only it only gets
lessened when she goes into her I would
call it her unconfident giggle ha ha ha
and of course I'm trying not to be
sexist because there's there's some
gender differences just the way people
laugh and I don't want to make this
about gender because there are plenty of
people who don't laugh that way you know
Hillary Clinton didn't have a laugh like
that actually somebody was saying that
she does the Hillary Clinton had the
same cackle I don't think so when you
thought of Hillary you didn't think of
that laughs per se where should we be
looking beyond the media spotlight well
you'd have to be more specific on that
question I like where that question is
going but I'd need more direction can
you talk about vitamins and energy yes
on the CNN interview I thought Biden had
lots of energy and when I see him
walking in the parade I guess he had his
well-worn
running shoes on and he is really in
great shape as he I mean his fitness
level looks looks very impressive I'm
gonna say so you one thing you one thing
I will never fault him for this is
physical fitness for his age Biden's
physical fitness is is very commendable
I would say it looks great the question
is can he go all day and I think that's
where the problem will be so if you've
got a CNN interview and I don't know
what time of day they held it but let's
say it was 11 o'clock in the morning
here's time at 11 o'clock in the morning
a guy his age can deliver for a solid
hour but once he gets into the grind of
the election cycle and he's got to do a
debate at 9 o'clock at night his time
after
crossed a few time zones how's that
gonna look well if he were 25 maybe not
that big a difference but at 70 whatever
I think it's gonna slow him down a
little bit I think you could just I
think you're gonna see more evidence of
his energy being limited but for his age
I just I can't fault him for that he's
making sure to be extra not sleepy yeah
that's the best thing about the
president's attack on his energy is to
say that you were sleepy because he has
to try extra hard did not be and when
Biden cranks up his energy he looks less
credible have you noticed that when he's
talking in his controlled senator voice
you say oh there's a there's a leader
controlled senator voice but when he
tries to wrap up his energy to sort of
address the competitors and address the
president's criticism as soon as his
energy gets out of his his normal
comfort zone it doesn't look right well
he he high energy
doesn't work with his personality
whereas high energy works really well
with the president's personality so he
can go to a high energy level and he
looks like he's right in his in the
pocket
Biden goes to a high energy level it
looks like he's acting that's gonna be a
killer for him I don't know how it gets
past that mmm will Pence be the VP you
know anything's possible but if you
don't start hearing here's the thing to
look for if pencil were not going to be
the vice presidential choice you would
already hear lots of leaks about things
that are bad about him right if if
President Trump were noodling with
people and loud if you were talking to
his staff and saying hey look you know
really thinking about making a change
for the vice president's pop if that
conversation were actually happening and
and he was serious about it he would be
telling people to leak it because you
would what a leak you know the the
Republicans are thinking that Pence is
weak and they say you know he's got a
he's kind of this thing he did years ago
or we don't think that we want this
conversation to be part of the election
you would hear all these negatives
coming from the GOP have you heard
anything I've heard none I I've been
saying this about pence from day one if
you ask me if I want him to be my
president
the answer is unambiguously now I do not
want Mike Pence to be my president he's
just not close enough to you know my for
my far left social preferences and I
just I just don't think he's got quite
the goods which makes him sort of a
perfect vice president right he's he'd
be good enough as an emergency backup
he's not dangerous he'd be okay in the
short run I just wouldn't want him to be
get elected president so he's fine as a
backup and if anybody else replaced him
that person would bring in new targets
so whoever was a hypothetical
replacement would have some new weak
spots that could be that could be
attacked but Pence is a known entity all
of his problems have been vetted and he
has served I'm gonna say that Mike Pence
has been a tremendous patriot to me it
seems the Pence has done nothing but try
to do the best job am I wrong
it looks like he just hunkered down and
said you know this is my role I'm the
vice president I'm gonna do the best you
know boring and vice president job I can
do I'm not the star I'm never gonna try
to take that the limelight I'm not doing
anything that's gonna take away from the
president I'm not gonna disagree with
him I'm not gonna get in some kind of an
argument with him I'm just gonna be
solid
I gotta say every day that goes by that
you don't hear about Mike Pence and by
that I mean he's not making he's not
making trouble every day that goes by
and Mike Pence is just solid my respect
for him goes up right because that's the
job you want somebody who understands
the job right and so it seems to me that
he has subjugated his you know maybe his
own ambition
it looks like he's subjugated his his
own personality is his own whatever
charisma it looks like this guy is a
solid solid patriot and under those
conditions and absent absent any rumors
that there's something wrong with him
that you know you would say you know you
would see those it looks to me like
there's no chance he'll be he'll be
replaced so if you want my prediction my
prediction is you will see vice
president Pence and I think he's earned
it wouldn't you wouldn't you agree is
there anybody here who thinks he hasn't
earned his place in the ticket you know
the vice president is not supposed to be
in the news right he's not supposed to
be the headline and he's done a great at
the DMZ Trump said he was inviting him
to the White House wouldn't that be a
great show that would be a great show I
I have a concern that Kim will never
come to the United States because the
travel and security might be just too
hard he might not want to subject
himself to the let's say the
intelligence risk you know what they
could find out about him if he traveled
he might not want to be out of the
country that long because just being
away from the country who knows what
people are doing when he's gone right
could be a coup you know just being out
of the country is probably risky if
you're in his position so I don't know
if Kim can make the trip so I just don't
know if that's a practical option for
Kim but I would say if that's not
the things stopping them I think you
might see something happen maybe this
year you know I would be fine if Kim and
Trump met twice a year and didn't talk
about anything wouldn't you let me just
think about this just hypothetically I'm
not recommending it I'm just saying
hypothetically hypothetically if we
don't see a lot coming out of the
nuclear program for North Korea if it
looks like they're not doing anything
and twice a year Kim and Trump get
together and just have a good day I'm
gonna feel a lot better about the odds
of nuclear war I mean I just
you know I keep saying this but by far
the way Trump deals with the the brutal
dictators is going to be the model that
all future presidents will be compared
to they're going to have to they're
going to have to explain why they're not
doing what Trump did because nobody's
gonna look back at this and say that
Trump talking to North Korea made us
less safe nobody not not even the
biggest critic is going to be able to
look at this in the past you know in the
future they're not going to be able to
look back at this and say yeah that
Trump being friendly that sure made us
less safe because it didn't nobody
believes that all right just looking at
your comments who comes after Trump for
the Republicans that is a really tough
question because you almost can't
imagine another president one of the
things that Trump has done is he's
ruined it for boring people you know it
used to be the boring people could
become president but I don't know if you
can be boring and become president now
somebody's suggesting Dan Crenshaw
that's a that would be a solid
recommendation yeah Crenshaw I would say
checks all the boxes from Republicans
that would be a solid choice
Don jr. maybe I mean I haven't seen from
Don jr. what looked to be like interest
in being a politician any time right
away you know it wouldn't surprise me if
in you know 12 years or 20 years or
something it wouldn't surprise me if Don
jr. ran for president but I don't see
him running in 2028 or 2024 Bette Midler
was ambient tweeting last night well
that sounds fun
Rand Paul I don't know the four and Paul
has the gravitas to be President I I've
been saying this often but there's a lot
to like about Rand Paul's right there's
a lot to like about Rand Paul but it
could be that his greatest service to
the country is as you know this
president or some future presidents you
know buddy and Cochran Congress he's
he's rational he's interesting he's a
free thinker he's not afraid he's smart
yeah Rand Paul has a lot going for him I
just don't know if he's got quite the
weight to be present
somebody suggesting these Scott Adams
Joe Rogan ticket well as long as you've
got Joe as vice president that sounds
like a terrific idea you know it's it's
somebody says is Trump grooming Jared
Jared skya he's sort of a dark horse
isn't he I don't have any reason to
believe that Jared would want to be
President
I don't have any reason to think he
doesn't want it but we see no evidence
that that that's an ambition but imagine
if you would something productive comes
out of the Middle East peace
conversations I'm just I'm
because I can't imagine it I'm not going
to predict that the Middle East will
suddenly turn peaceful but I have said
repeatedly and for a while now that the
variables to make that happen have never
been better you that we have absolutely
the best mix of leaders situation timing
energy it's just all sort of right right
now and Jared's right in the middle of
that and if he can if he can make any of
that work and he seems to have the game
to do it I mean my impression is he does
have the chops you know it sees the
right person with the right president
behind them with the right leaders in
the other countries and if he pulls that
off I don't know how you don't talk
about it for president right if Jared
pulls off some kind of a good result in
the Middle East which there's got to be
a long shot by anybody's calculation but
if he did you have to talk about him as
a potential president you just have to
that that would be too big of an
accomplishment to to ignore talk about
carpi Duncan white you have us visit
well I don't know how much carpet Duncan
has talked about that himself so I don't
I don't want to take his story but I
probably will talk about that at some
point oh you know I should interview him
I should have carpet dunked him on here
and asked him about his experience oh
that would be fun
they turned something into the world's
tallest US flag I didn't see that Oh
somebody's saying Mark Cuban have you
noticed that Merck Cuban has been kind
of quiet lately been very quiet too
quiet too quiet if I had to guess I
think Mark Cuban is probably not
interested in
being president while his children are a
certain age because I think he's he's
serious about this you know work-life
balance situation I think he'd probably
like to be president but I don't I don't
know that he thinks the timing is right
so if you said you know show me Mark
Cuban at age 60
I'd say that's that's gonna be
interesting but Mark Cuban right now you
know probably has just a family
situation that they he'd rather spend
more time with him and that would be
pretty smart decision in my opinion
still waiting for the yang interview
yeah so let me give you an update of
that so I followed Andrew yang on
Twitter so that I could send him a DM
because he's following me as well and I
guess he I think I followed him first
he may have pre followed me or followed
me yeah I set up at the mmm and said you
invited him on the periscope and he
referred me to one of his staff members
for scheduling that person got a hold of
me but as you might imagine it's very
busy so if his staff person contacted me
and I missed it I might have missed it
in my email but right now it's not
scheduled but we do have agreement to do
it what is the biggest negative space
right now good question so what is the
thing that you would expect to see that
you're not seeing in because I always
tell you that you you have to pay
attention to what's not happening
and I've said before that one of the
things that's not happening is big
protests now Portland had its protests
but have you noticed that the rest of
the country not much happening you know
you could walk down the street in New
York City not much happening it seems to
me that
the the the energy to protest on the
streets has completely gone to only the
lifestyle people and when I saved the
lifestyle people I mean aunty father
aunty five should not be seen as a
political movement we thought it was I
thought it was for a long time but once
you realize that it's a a lifestyle
choice to to dress up and have some
people that that say the same things you
do would look the same and you go to the
same places and you travel to the
different protests and stuff you have to
say that as a lifestyle choice and the
importance of that and a lot of people
criticize me for for saying this the
importance of that difference is that as
a lifestyle choice you don't have to
worry about it if I thought anti-shah
was a political movement I'd be worried
wouldn't you if he thought it was a
political movement you think oh my
goodness this could just keep spreading
and you know next thing you know you've
turned into Nazi Germany but once you
realize it's it's more like a Civil War
Reenactment you know what nobody could
worries about nobody has ever complained
there's civil or Civil War reenactors
will morph into an actual war nobody
ever says hey hey don't dress up as as
the Confederate soldier because if
enough of you meet every year to dress
up as Confederate soldiers and do these
mock battles with with guns that don't
have any ammo in them it's a slippery
slope you know you start talking like
Confederate soldiers you start dressing
like a the next thing you know you've
got a simple war said nobody right
nobody's worried about Civil War
reenactments turning into a problem
because it's not a political movement
it's a dress up an tyfa has to be
understood the same way it's not a
political movement they don't have any
coherent political ideology they just
pick the the lowest hanging fruit
which is hey let's go protest Nazis or
anybody we called Nazis that will have a
reason to go somewhere we'll have a
reason to put on their costumes we're
going to get this dopamine hit from
running around and doing things
dangerously but I think they have to be
understood that way so to answer your
question the biggest negative space is
protest the biggest negative space is
protest the the level of protests we saw
when the president first came to office
have largely just drizzled away and the
reason that they've drizzled away is you
know do I have to give them the list
again economy you know Isis Caliphate
and trade war negotiations and yeah
basically he's just being effective so
as long as the president is being
effective here's the other negative
space when was the last time the
president said something that rose to
the level of like a national controversy
it's been a while hasn't it hasn't it
been a while isn't that missing tell
tell me tell me if I'm wrong tell me if
I'm wrong it seems to me that it's been
a while since the president crossed that
line from you know from just being his
own personality to doing something that
the whole country is at my head's
exploding because blah blah he hasn't
done any of that and if he can make it
to election day without doing another
one of those things it's all over it's
all over every day that goes by that the
president doesn't do something
outrageous looking like a dictator or
whatever every day that goes by the
other side gets weaker and yeah it looks
like it's going to be a killer all right
so some people are asking me about bit
shoot so I signed up for an account on
bit shoot which if you don't know is the
competitor to YouTube and a place where
what imagines that you would be less
likely to be throttled for your
political opinions and I have signed up
and but I have not posted a video so I'm
using their video tool that will
transfer one of my YouTube files over
there and then once it's up I imagine
you can find me but last I checked it
was just processing and not doing
anything so I don't know if my process
of porting a video over there just an
initial video I don't know if it worked
I'll check on that today all right but
my intention is to be there and if it
doesn't show up there yet who knows
there is one Oh somebody says there's
one video there so search for me using
my same username that I use here on
periscope and on twitter which is scott
adams says so search for scott adams
says if you find i did have a somebody
posting my stuff without permission
pretending to be me but i think i've
entered that now yes the jobs report is
great there's not much to say about that
except job report is great you know i
haven't been talking about Kaepernick
because I just think his time is time
passed you know he's still getting some
media hits because it's slow news time
and and we always like to revisit the
hits but I just don't see Kaepernick as
being terribly important it just seems
like his time came and it went
now he's just sort of a and an
aftershock story it's not it's not the
big story his original story is just
sort of a ripple from the original so
it's all news even when it's new news
with Kaepernick alright
will you ever run for president I don't
expect that I will ever run for
president but I could win if I did just
put that out there and I'm not sure I
would be more I don't think I would be
more useful as a president I think I
would be more useful as not a president
all right that's all I got to say so I
think I will hmm I think I'll end now
thank you for somebody says my video is
blocked on bit shoot I doubt that's true
but I'll look into it today and I will
talk to you all later