bumbum bumbum bumbum bumbum bumbum oh
hey everybody
yes this is not my normal time if you're
signing on now looking for me you're
probably thinking hey Mark you're
probably thinking you're at the wrong
time and that is correct because I am on
book tour for a loser think which is now
available everywhere that books are sold
in some places that books are not even
sold but before we get to that let us
enjoy a little thing I call the
simultaneous sip you don't need much to
participate no you don't a cup a mug
chalice Stein canteen anything like that
fill it with your favorite liquid I like
coffee and join me now for the
simultaneous sip the dopamine hit of the
day the thing that makes everything
better go so you want to hear the
funniest thing about my book and there's
somebody know there's that there's at
least one person watching this who had
the same situation you know who you are
all right so here's my book and here's
the subtitle I'm going to show you
something I did that somebody pointed
out to me today that is that is kind of
funny so the subtitle is how untrained
brains are ruining America all right and
then somebody pointed out that on the
title page on the inside it's got the
title wrong or there's something wrong
says how untrained brains are ruining
the world
so yesterday I was on I was on Fox &
Friends and one of the questions was
about the president's tweeting and his
and his I was talking about his typos I
said that his typos really just connect
people to him because they know that
it's an unfiltered message so they feel
they
till there was no middle person you know
washing down the message I know I don't
quite get that same benefit with the
book but I will tell you that I laughed
when I saw it not because it doesn't
make any difference it doesn't change
anything
but I will tell you that the next time
we print this will probably fix that I
don't know exactly when in the process
that opportunity comes up now whose
fault is it mine
because I I approve everything I I look
at everything before it goes out and one
thing you don't you don't you don't
think to check is the subtitle because
if you see it right in one place you
know you just figure well it looks kind
of the same and because it's the last
word its world instead of America you
the the brain doesn't always read to the
end of a sentence so if you had asked me
to look at those two sentences and say
are they the same if I'm in a hurry and
I'm looking at a lot of other stuff to
see if it's right I'd probably say yeah
they look about the same
yeah maybe world is better and I think
there was some probably some
conversations about changing it to world
for books that are sold outside this
country so there's I think that
conversation probably happened anyway I
have never seen this kind of reaction to
a book and I've published something like
45 books if you can and all the Dilbert
reprint books so I think this is my 14th
original book that's not a Dilber book
and I've never seen this response before
now what am one of the things that I
told you that in a prior book is that
when you're trying to decide if a
product is good or people like it you
should always look for bodily action if
somebody reads your book and when
they're done they say yeah that was a
good book I enjoyed it thanks for asking
there's enough
there because people tend to be nice if
you ask them but if somebody actually
does something they they're moved to act
because they read a book then there's
something special going on there's a
there's an x-factor sort of thing that
the smartest people in the world will
tell you they can tell that they can
figure out why people are reacting the
way they're reacting but nobody really
knows sometimes it's just mysterious but
if you've noticed on my my Twitter feed
people are people are posting unboxing
photos and and videos I've never seen
that before at least not in the the
extent that's happening so I've
literally just never seen this this much
response to a book and the the early
readers are delighted some people are
saying it's my best book and it might be
that's actually that's possible we'll
let the we'll let the market decide hey
Bill so I wanted to add a little value
if you've been watching the news you
know that there's a Ukrainian phone call
situation and it's starting to get
complicated and because I'm a great
simplifier I thought I would take this
big complicated Ukrainian phone calls
situation and I would sort of summarize
it for you and so here's the summary
there's uh there's a guy who may or may
not be a diplomat who said a thing but
he he corrected it later because he
didn't say the thing but we're not sure
exactly what he meant but there was
another guy who contradicts the guy who
said the thing and then there are some
people who agree but then there are
other people who disagree some of them
are mad at the president some are not
there you go
I saw I watched the opening of Tucker
yesterday his Tucker Carl Carlson and
yeah he dismissed the whole story the
very similar way which is it's
complicated nobody cares and he just
they just skip the whole thing
because there's no way you can make in
the entertaining show based on a bunch
of people you've never heard of
disagreeing about a bunch of stuff that
doesn't seem important in the first
place
so I'm going to give you a a reality
penetrating tip so you're looking at
this situation and you're saying to
yourself you know is the president going
down because of because of this here's a
here's a good rule of thumb if the TV
lawyers can't even agree looking at same
information because all these stories
people basically have access to the same
data so looking at the same thing if if
you see TV lawyers and lots of them say
I don't even see a crime but other
lawyers who are equally qualified or
saying oh yeah this is totally a crime
here's the statute here here's what
happened
total crime and then other lawyers also
in public also highly qualified looking
at exactly the same stuff they're saying
I don't even know what you're talking
about
there's no crime here at all even if
everything that is reported to have
happened the worst case
listen let's say you took all the word
of all the of all the people were saying
the most damaging bombshell e things if
all of it were true there's still
lawyers who say but where's the crime
now the trap is to say to yourself which
one is right is one side right there's
one side wrong that's kind of a trap
because people tend to be advocates
right so people are a little shading
their opinion toward their side in many
cases one exception might be Dershowitz
so Alan Dershowitz might be you know
I've said this a billion times he seems
to be the one TV lawyer if I can reduce
his gigantic career to you know just
while we're watching at the moment he
seems to be the only one who's even
capable of taking one side or the other
based on where the facts lead
it's kind of rare so he doesn't seem to
think there's a crime or at least that's
what somebody said I haven't seen him
saying it live so I'll make that a
tentative conclusion but here's the
thing here's the rule nobody goes to
jail when lawyers can't even agree if a
crime has been committed I don't think
you'll ever see a situation in which the
the fact that a crime had been committed
or not is so ambiguous and open to
interpretation that even the person who
committed it couldn't have known it was
a crime which is different from saying
is it impeachable because that's a
different standard and different from
saying was it a good idea those are all
different standards but if you for those
people who were saying but the
president's going down because it's
obvious the facts have shown there's
crime I would say the odds of that
leading to anything like prosecution
close to zero as long as there are
legitimate lawyers who can say I'm
looking at the same stuff you are and I
can't even tell it's a crime now
remember this is different and I this
may be confusing you but this is
different from people or say in a jury
or potential jurists who would say well
I'm looking at the the argument from the
defense and the argument from the
prosecution and I've decided that based
on the facts that this person is guilty
in those cases when it gets to a jury I
believe in most cases both the lawyer
for the prosecution and the defense
would agree that a potential crime is on
the table and one says no those facts
are not true and the other says the
facts are true but they're not really
disagreeing on the basic idea of if the
person did these facts that are alleged
would it be a crime both defense and
prosecution would probably agree in
would imagine most cases that there's a
crime if the person did those things but
if you're arguing about whether a crime
even exists nobody's going to jail
that's my that's my take on it all right
nothing about that let's talk about Emma
Watson who came up with a humorous new
name for being single
she calls itself partnering now often I
would make a joke when there's such a
good set up that would be exactly the
kind of person who might say hahaha I
might say let's say let's say something
humorous about that but it's such a good
set up that I'm just gonna leave it to
you you're up it's all yours
you can take that one alright remember
when we first saw the bombshell that
there was a name ABC News host guess who
said on the hot mic that they are that
ABC had the story she had the story of
Epstein and ABC management wouldn't
publish it do you remember what I said
would be their response
nailed it so I said the response from
ABC would be that the reporting did not
meet their standard of you know of
confirmed usually they like to sources
for something that would be so volatile
and it looks like this one is actually
this one's a little more gray than I
think most people are taking it because
the news organizations do have a
standard there especially for something
that's you know so so volatile and
controversial and you know somebody
could go to jail for it they like to
have a to sources and I think I believe
it's been confirmed that they at least
much of it they didn't have to sources
so their explanation of why they dropped
it plus the fact that they have allowed
they've allowed full reporting on it and
apparently there's no specific order to
stop the investigation they just thought
it didn't it never reached the level
where they could publish it now do you
believe that yeah people are saying in
the comments already lame excuse didn't
they have plenty I don't know I don't
know I think that I think that it's
possible they didn't have enough but we
do live in a world in which it seems
that the news is often based on four or
less but it's not always a sexual abuse
allegation so since Epstein was not
running for president I think they were
treating him like a citizen not a
politician and maybe they needed two
sources now I'm not forgiving ABC if
anybody wants to keep their opinion that
they did have enough information and
then they just killed it for whatever
personal or monetary reasons that's a
reasonable I think that would be a
reasonable speculation but there I'm
just pointing out that their explanation
was exactly what I imagined it would be
because it's pretty good if you're gonna
defend yourself it's pretty good defense
I don't think we'll ever know exactly
what they were thinking
and I I've read the book this suggests
we should not imagine we know what is in
other people's minds and there's
certainly some of that happening right
now all right
the cartels who murder the Mormon
families this story you kind of wish it
were cleaner but because the the
families that got murdered were part of
a larger group that decades ago left the
United States so they could practice
polygamy and there's rumors that some of
them still do that's
that's somehow seeping into the story as
if that somehow matters to the fact that
they were murdered and their children
were burned in car seats it just doesn't
seem relevant to the story I mean it's
interesting it's very interesting but
tying it to the story is just so wrong
that it's like collosum ly wrong anyway
you're seeing that done the so the
question is did the cartel make a
mistaken identity did the cartel think
they were killing a rival gang
apparently this cult has had so much
trouble with the cartels that they had
security against them and threats
already and there was a history so given
that there was a history of this group
battling with the cartel for I think
Water Resources was part of it
I really doubt the mistaken identity
explanation I think it's still possible
I don't think it can be ruled out but if
I had to place a bet I'd say 75 to 80
percent likely that they knew exactly
what they were doing and they did it
anyway
now we haven't heard from the President
of Mexico I don't believe I don't think
I've seen any kind of a statement from
the President of Mexico responding to
president Trump's offer of military help
and I've heard people say on Twitter
mostly people saying hey you can't you
know bomb away a problem like that you
know the cartels will still exist etc to
which I say didn't work for Isis and
then other people are saying well
they're probably going to gather
children around them
so that we're afraid to Bob them and I
was pointing out that one of the special
features of the mop-up and the the
killing of Isis
is that we didn't have any press when
you don't have any press to report
what's happening
you can bomb the first house and maybe
there's some children killed and
nobody's happy about that but it is war
in a war there are gonna be innocent
people killed but what happens if they
they bring their human shields around
them and they get bombed anyway the next
time do they need to bring the human
shields because once you've demonstrated
you're gonna bomb them anyway
and nobody's gonna know the difference
it just doesn't help you there there's
no point in doing it a second time if
you can't get your message out Low
Energy
all right let's get rid of this troll
block so it seems to be the secret to
this sort of war with terrorists and I
think the cartels are terrorists at this
point the secret seems to be to not let
the press watch what you have to do
again I'm not unless suggesting it's a
good idea that children die in
collateral situations nobody likes that
but sometimes there are adult decisions
that are very unpleasant all right so so
apparently senator Warren is added some
details to her plan that would cost
fifty two trillion dollars over the next
decade including 20 trillion in new
spending with an array of taxes on
corporations and the wealthy and I'm
thinking to myself have they just
totally given up I have the Democrats
just literally given up because that
doesn't even seem like a good try does
it it's just longer somebody says
longest suicide note in history I don't
see how that's trying and so I guess Joe
Biden went after rewarded in a speech
did
my name but people are talking about
the impracticality of some of the plans
it feels like she's just
self-destructing with that stuff it just
seems so unlike table it's it's hard to
believe all right here's a new framing
for the the wall between the u.s. and
Mexico and I've said this before but
because of the events in the news it's
worth reopen if you're building a wall
between the great people in the United
States and the awesome citizens of
Mexico that's hard to defend because if
you live in any of the states where you
have lots of contact with people who
came up through Mexico legally or
illegally one of the things that almost
everybody would agree on is hey good
people the Mexican people people coming
from south of the border just the
regular citizens are excellent people
excellent character hard workers just
want to be Americans and while I think
countries have to have borders and
border control and EF does citizens have
to decide who comes in and who doesn't
we don't have that situation but
independent of you know the things you
have to do to protect your borders it's
just the fact the Mexicans and people
from Central America are more often than
that just great people and so when you
think about building a wall between your
gray people and their gray people it
just doesn't seem as compelling this it
should be to get to where people want to
get it which is a solid barbed border
security but realistically speaking the
cartels owned the border region so it's
not really a it's not really a wall
between the United States and Mexico
it's a wall between the United States
and the cartels who are clearly
terrorists do you want a wall between
you and the cartel
which is the better sale hey I'd like to
build a wall between you and Jose by the
way Jose is awesome if Jose were on this
side of the wall he'd be your best
worker but let's build a wall and keep
Jose away from us well what kind of
argument is that we like Jose Jose is
awesome
Jose come on over here we like you all
right come over legally but we like you
but if you say build a wall between the
United States and the cartel that just
machine-gunned well I don't know if his
machine gun but they just shot up a
Mormon family and burned the children
and their car seats do you want that
wall yeah I think we want that wall
let's get that wall all right here's a
completely different thought I'm just
gonna be all over the place today have
you ever had a compliment that changed
your life this has ever happened to you
have you ever had a compliment that just
stayed in your mind for decades every
now and then a simple compliment will
just change somebody's life completely
and I was I was searching through my my
memory of compliments yeah when you're a
public figure and you produce products
for the public
you get complimented and insulted at a
very high volume so the number of
compliments I've received in my career
is you know zillion times what ordinary
people do because they're not the public
eye but also the criticisms are way more
I was thinking through my past I was
thinking you know there are some
compliments then just stay with me
forever but most of them done them don't
most of them I appreciate at the time
but they don't have any lasting quality
and I saw new comments and so many of
you said yes there were compliments that
changed your life I was thinking it was
a few of them in my case
and I'm not even sure this is a
compliment I'll tell you the one story
when I first got an offer to be a
syndicated cartoonist I had been told by
another syndication that had had
rejected me at the time that maybe I
could be the writer but I could work
with somebody who knew how to draw so so
one of the cartoon syndicates
said basically you're not really an
artist maybe you should find somebody
else to do the drawing for you now
imagine that as you're trying to get
your career started as a cartoonist and
one of the one of the top three people
in the planet who gets to decide who is
it going to be a cartoonist you know
they're the ones who make the deals with
cartoonists and then sell them to the
newspapers now one of the three of them
told me I wasn't even not it wasn't a
question of whether I was good enough
cartoonist to be in newspapers but that
I wasn't even a cartoonist so that's the
kind of connection I got but later I got
a phone call from the woman who was an
editor for United media at the time and
that company got absorbed by my current
syndication company or at least the
Dilbert product did and and and so she
offered me a contract to be a cartoonist
soon after I'd gotten this other advice
that maybe I should find somebody to do
the drawing for me and when she offered
it I said well you know long story short
I said yes but then I said do you think
I should get a real artist to draw it
for me and try to work as a team and
this was sarah gillespie was is is her
name and she said no your drawings fine
just the way it is and it was sort of
this Wizard of Oz scarecrow moment you
know the Wizard of Oz story
he simply The Wizard of Oz simply tells
people that they're brave and then they
act that way tells them that they're
smart and then they act smart
that's what happened she simply told me
I was qualified and almost immediately
the quality of my drawing improved 500%
from the moment she told me I was
qualified
I became qualified she actually turned
to me from unqualified to qualified by
telling me I was think about that think
about the power of that completely made
my career it's the reason you're here
it's the reason I get to write books it
was it was one sentence in my life that
it was one sentence that changed the
entire trajectory of my life and I was
thinking about most of you now I got to
visit the the president in the Oval
Office last year and we had a little
chat about the variety of things I don't
talk about the details none of it was
state secrets or anything it's just it
was a private conversation and there was
one point in which he paid me a
compliment and I'm not even gonna tell
you what it is because that's not the
point but I think I'll always remember
that compliment because of who said it
and where I was when it happened
so I think of that one all the time and
I realized it's having a bigger effect
on me like it's gonna last the ages and
and so I would remind all of you that
giving a compliment is absolutely free
it doesn't cost you anything you can
give a compliment and and you've lost
nothing in fact you've gained something
because when you compliment people they
like you better
but here's the big part sometimes when
you compliment people just in the
ordinary course of your life you're not
trying to change the world you're just
you're just giving an honest compliment
if you give an honest compliment to
somebody
sometimes they changed the world and the
compliment could be a big part of that
so don't be stingy with compliments part
of the one of my systems for a good life
is that when I feel a compliment I try
to release it you know because sometimes
you'll you'll have a positive thought
you'd had about somebody but you just
keep it there it's all wasted if you
keep if he keeps those good thoughts
your head is just wasted so if you have
a compliment
and it's sincere I'm not a big fan of
the insincere compliments but if it's
sincere let it go could change the world
could change the world all right friend
of mine who is a big anti-trump ER send
me an article from a British publication
and in it a Brit was explaining why the
British should dislike President Trump
now I don't know that anybody needs to
explain it because he has a polarizing
personality and you know the details
don't matter too much where we know this
some people like him a lot and we know
that some people don't but it was the
weirdest explanation and here is the the
the biggest part of the explanation for
why the Brits don't like Trump this is
gonna make you shake your head because
you will not have seen this coming all
right his biggest objection that the
British don't like Trump is that Trump
doesn't have a sense of humor and that
the Brits sort of require that as was
say a national personality that they
would have a good preference for a witty
people who have a sense of humor such as
Obama right now this article I read one
day after I think I was saying that
President Trump is the funniest
president of all time and that he uses
his humor consistently all the time
to great effect he uses it in his tweets
he uses it in his his rallies especially
he doesn't use it as much when he's
doing a press press conference or
talking to the press that's a little
more serious but I've never seen a
president with a better sense of humor
Reagan was pretty funny so isn't that
just a like a jaw-dropping head shaker
that the problem now this is just one
author interpreting what he thinks other
people are thinking but the amazingness
that anybody could observe this
president and think he doesn't have a
sense of humor is it's just
mind-boggling it's mind-boggling so
that's a perfect example of two movies
on one screen we're watching exactly the
same president and I'm defining him as
the best stand-up comedian of our time
who's not Chappelle I guess yeah I think
bill burr Chappelle are funnier but he's
one you know if you look at his reach
and how often he does it and how biggest
crowds are you could make an argument
he's the funniest stand-up comedian in
the world right now so that was
interesting to me yesterday and a thing
happened that I can't explain and maybe
some of you can so when you launch a
book one of the things you do of course
is you're watching the bestseller ranks
and the easiest one to check is Amazon
so from the moment I started doing
publicity for the book I'm in New York
right now doing the publicity tour from
the moment I started I would start
watching the ranked now I would normally
expect one of my books on the day it
comes out or at least the week he comes
out to fairly quickly get into the top
hundred which is pretty good if you get
it at the top hundred you're a solidly
profitable book and then if you're in
the top hundred sometimes you can you
know dip down into the 20s or something
for a little while and that would be a
real good showing
here's the interesting part sometime
yesterday Amazon froze my rank and I
think 3:18 and for the entire day
yesterday the rank never changed it was
it was dialed in at 3:18 now my first
thought was oh my god we ran out of
books
you know maybe they sold their supply
and and then they just froze it until
they could resupply and and then things
would start moving again but my
publisher confirmed that they had
provided them so many books that it
wasn't really a chance that they sold
them all of it you know you know a day
there wasn't much chance of that
so I'm left to speculate why the rank
would not have moved for a full day now
if you've never never looked at book
rankings most of you probably don't pay
attention to that they normally change
at least every hour and often more often
so all of the books are sort of moving
all the time you know it would be
unusual for you to check a book rank and
then come back the next day and it's the
same rank unless you know it's in the
top 10 if it's in the top 10 and why you
stay at the same rank for a while but if
you're number 318 the difference between
317 and 319 is so slim that there isn't
the slightest chance that it actually
was at the same ranking all day long so
there's no chance that could have
happened naturally so what do you think
it was I have I have a speculation
here's my speculation I believe that the
Amazon let's say the algorithms are
looking for suspicious behavior and they
should so if if Amazon has done a good
job of designing their system it should
be checking for any activity in the
system that's unusual because if you
find something unusual it could be that
somebody's gaming the system to try to
improve their their author rank or the
books rank so I think what happened I'm
not positive this
but based on the extraordinary sort of
response I'm saying to the book even
before people read it people were
excited about it and should be it might
be my best book I think it's possible
the Amazon flagged it just automatically
without human intervention as selling so
many books that it couldn't have been
normal behavior in other words they have
they have a sense of how many books I
sell because they many of my books have
been on Amazon so if it suddenly was
selling far more than what would be
normal for me as an author I would think
if it were a well designed system see
certainly a bank would do this you know
I have banking experience and I know
that a bank would freeze anything
temporarily that looked like it was out
of place
until humans looked into it so I think
what might have happened as we sold so
many books that they they froze it to
see what was going on and then this
morning it was unfrozen so and and it
immediately dropped into a hundred
something you know I think it was around
200 when I looked at it which is typical
for this part of the process so that's
my best guess but is it's it's sad that
we're in a time where I know some of you
immediately went to Jeff Bezos and said
who might be political but it's not even
a political book you know I talked about
some political topics but I talked about
the left and the right it's not really
taking sides now I got I got most of the
reviews on Amazon or excellent but one
of them which of course is a not a
verified buyer so one of them who is not
a verified buyer surprised in other
words he didn't buy his book from Amazon
but he was leaving a bad comment on
Amazon appeared to have not I've read
the book because he
criticism of it said Scott claims a but
in fact the book doesn't do that so his
main complaint about the book is based
on something he says I've I've claimed
there isn't anywhere in the book so
that's the kind of review I'm getting
and of course that's purely personal or
political somebody's just trying to
reduce my influence by the bad review so
that that's the sort of thing
authors have to deal with Thank You
Carol who just ordered my book yet the
way it works now is it somebody saying
in the comment that if you say anything
positive about anything that Trump does
your crazy kool-aid drinking cultists
fanatic so I guess that's most of us
somebody says I stopped buying books
that are above 4.5 stars but that's
actually that's an interesting comment
yeah if you can't even if your book is
not important enough to attract bad
actors if you probably don't even need
to read it so if there's anything that's
like 5 stars across the board it only
means that people don't care about it
because if people cared the bad actors
and the trolls would come in and start
leaving bad reviews I've never thought
about that rule but maybe it's a good
one yeah you know I don't follow the
local politics somebody's asking about
Virginia the Virginia election and I I
can't get interested in other states
yeah somebody's saying is it Emery how
do you pronounce your name Everett
if Origin of Species was published today
somebody's saying too complicated too
long somebody says I relish giving a
book called loser think to all my
friends for Christmas you know that's a
good point
so books are often gift items and how
much are you going to enjoy giving a
book called loser think to people in
your family and acting like it's a and
acting like you know keep your keep a
completely straight face and say I your
some literature I think you would enjoy
here's your gift because it's sort of an
insult at the same time that's sort of a
perfect gift for a family member it's a
perfect gift for a sibling and so your
sibling can't tell if it's an insult or
a nice gift as sort of ideal this is
what I've needed to break through Angela
says so good luck so so he says I don't
love the title as much as when Bigley it
was hard to it's hard to top when Bigley
that's a that was a pretty good title
too but I think loser think is already
catching on because you see people using
it in on Twitter already so people ask
me why on my books I do funny funny what
do you call these the blurbs so normally
when you write a book you get other
famous people to say good things about
your book and then you put it on your
book but once you become an author you
learn how that process works and then
that you sort of lose faith in it so the
reason I don't ask other people to put
blurbs of my book is partly practical
because if you do every one of them will
ask you to put a blurb on their next
book and then suddenly all you're doing
is writing blurbs for other people
because you ask them know they can ask
you so I've got that going on but also
it tends to be a insight or a kind of
thing people ask the author that they
know and then the author that you know
isn't going to give you a bad blurb
so the blurbs are persuasive but I found
them a little bit a little bit sketchier
than I wanted to be associated
because I know I can get people to say
good things about the book without
reading it
I know I can do that because it would be
easy I just go to people I know say hey
put a would you like to put a blurb on
my book
oh you want it'd be easy so I just don't
do that I opt out I opt out of that
process when does Greg Gutfeld tape his
show
well the Greg Gutfeld show tapes on
Friday afternoons so I will be part of
that I talked to him yesterday for his
his digital piece the Greg Gutfeld and
one smart person so we did that
yesterday I think it'll probably be live
in the day or so will I go in the five I
don't know that the five takes guests
the answer is no but I don't know that
the the five ever takes guests with the
exception of other other employees of
Fox News who sometimes will will join if
they have a book or something but I
don't think they take guests so that's
that's not really the right venue I'm
trying
I think I'm scheduled for Dana Perino
show tomorrow but I always hesitate to
say in advance for any of these should
any news related shows because they they
change so often so you know just
yesterday I had two major major media
hits that just got rescheduled sort of
at the last minute and that's ordinary
so I I tend not to make a big deal too
far in advance because I can't guarantee
that there will be big news that bumps
me off all right Wow somebody has a
collection of my books all the way back
to how to shave how to shave a whale
it's actually called shave the whales
but I'm impressed that you have that
book ABC you don't have any ABC hits
I've got a CBS radio this morning Joe
Rogan is that's up to Joe ray
Joe Rogan I'm not I'm not scheduled for
the show and I don't know that I fall
into the category that would be a repeat
guest
I think Joe Rogan brings on repeat
guests when they're you know either more
famous or they're comedians or people he
knows but I'm not sure I'm the ideal
person to have on twice I know I'm not
sure what his policy is on that but I
think some people would say we already
saw that one we saw the one with Scott
Adams we don't need to see another so it
could be first of all I don't know if
he's even aware that I have a book or
that I'd be available he's got stuff to
do
he's a busy guy so I I do not presume
that you would be interested to have me
on the show may not be that kind of show
that has repeat guests of the type they
just have a new book out he's had
Michael MELAS on three times well I
think what I'm saying is that there are
guests who are repeats but it probably
has more to do with his connection to
them alright somebody says they have my
God's debris book Pete you just joined
all right I have to say again because
Pete o West fault was I don't know if
I'm pronouncing you're right your name
right what's is on Pete look at
this here's my new book you can
appreciate this here's the title
subtitle now untrained brains are
ruining America except on the title page
the subtitle is different this is how
untrained brains are ruining the world
instead of America so Pete that's just
for you you know why because you had you
had a similar problem with the type of
when you're in your book title recently
so I was saving that for you all right
um
no Pete is not my editor he's an author
who has his own book which had a similar
but different kind of title issue
Wow Aleksei thanks for ordering all
those books I appreciate that dr. drew I
talked to yesterday on his radio show
and I think I'm scheduled for Adam
Carolla when I do LA I'll have to
confirm that but I think Adam Carolla is
on the list somebody says my title page
is not wrong it says America are you
serious
do you have a physical hardcover book
that says America instead of world if
you do you need to send me a picture of
that because that would be really
interesting it would make you who make
this one a collector's item so maybe
that's true are your expenses paid well
so the publishers pay you know a certain
amount for the the book to err but if
there are public if they happen to have
an author who has become accustomed to
let's say a higher level of travel then
I I'm paying I'm paying my own way for
the hotel because it's a high-end hotel
but the publisher does typically pay for
the travel and they pay for the hotel
and a stipend from the meals I just I
just prefer to travel in a little higher
style than they're willing to yeah to
pay Nick Gillespie should interview you
I always love talking to Nick maybe that
maybe that could happen the Kindle
version says America in both places yeah
as does the audiobook the audiobook had
that typo as well and I corrected that
when I was doing the audio recording but
I never caught this one and by the way
the I'll say again the the not catching
it on the subtitle pages is my error
because they do show it to me they show
it to me and they say is this right and
I say yes is right so you know I missed
it
how many copies of wind Bigley did i end
up selling well that's always
confidential information but it's sold
very well what about the Tim Ferriss
podcast I would love to do a Tim Ferriss
podcast I did one 2016 or so and Tim's
always a great interview but again you
know his I don't know that his podcast
really makes sense to have repeat
personalities on it so that would be up
to him who would you most like to be on
with that you haven't oh I love that
question who would be the best person
that I haven't been on with Rush
Limbaugh so we did send the book to Rush
Limbaugh now I know Rush is a
controversial figure people on the Left
hate him you know people on the right
more often than not think he's awesome
but I'll tell you he is one of the most
talented people in the whole
entertainment business by far he can
fill up time with interesting content
like nobody else really you know given
that he's free-forming it most of the
time I don't think there's his room has
there ever been anybody as good as him
at being coherent and interesting for
that many hours basically just working
off notes
it's remarkable yeah he's not the only
one who can do that but maybe the best
maybe the best he's also funny and
insightful so he's read my work a few
times on his show blog posts and stuff
so I know he's aware of me but I have
not been on that show and I think he
would be he would be interesting Howard
Stern you know honestly I don't think
I'd want to do the Howard Stern Show
sorry I think I would
probably turn that one down and as you
know I'm a fan
I like Howard Stern I like I mean he's
again super talented for the for the
thing that he does but you know his show
requires in order to be interesting
creating let's say creating stories that
are the odd and embarrassing ones so it
wouldn't be hard for that to go wrong
Ben Shapiro I will be talking to Candace
Owens I need to follow up on Candace
Owens because I I have been invited to
be on that show but not scheduled and
I'm gonna make a note because I need to
follow up on that thank you for
reminding me how about Morning Joe
I haven't they have not I think they've
been approached because I was on Morning
Joe before interestingly when I did my
last book to her so I was on Morning Joe
on a day that Joe was not on the show so
I don't know how many days Morning Joe
runs without Joe on the show but I hit
the one so I haven't actually been there
when Joe is there all right
I think the I haven't heard back from
Tulsi gabbard's
campaign so I don't know if we can
schedule that or not all right that's
enough for now
yes I think I'm doing I'm scheduled
already for Dave Rubin that will be a
good one always is Dave's always amazing
all right that's all for now and I will
talk to you later