[Music]
hey Carol come on in here where are the
rest of you are you sleeping this
morning did you change your clocks I
certainly hope so
it's time for a coffee with Scott Adams
and the simultaneous cept the best thing
that ever happened to you today and all
you need to enjoy the simultaneous zip
is a cover of Marburg Lassa tanker gels
or styling in the canteen jug or flask a
vessel of any kind fill it with your
favorite liquid I like coffee and join
me down for the unparalleled pleasure
the dopamine hit of the day the thing
that makes everything including the
coronavirus better go mmm about that so
I don't know about you but I'm getting a
little bit tired of the coronavirus a
little bit tired of it
Ted Cruz and I are self-quarantine II
yeah in the in the case of Ted Cruz he
was potentially explode exposed to the
virus by a visitor to CPAC so he has
decided to voluntarily quarantine
himself to which I say good work Ted
Cruz I like it what our senators are
good role models for what we should be
doing so I don't think Ted Cruz is
likely to have the virus but I think
it's a good thing that he did the
appropriate thing and he's self
quarantined don't you d ever wonder when
you see a senator self quarantine
quarantine Inc and he gets to go home
and you think to yourself is that really
a penalty because how many people are
sort of gonna enjoy the time off because
in the case of Ted Cruz he's not even
sick so this is the only situation where
you can get a sick day without being
sick dude do you feel it yet
there's gonna be a little bit of abuse
so let me put it this way if you'd like
to give three weeks off of work find
somebody who is suspected of having the
corona virus and shake their hand wash
your hand immediately immediately after
shaking the end wash the hand 20 seconds
soap it all up and then tell your boss
my god I think I've been exposed to the
corona virus I'm going to self
quarantine I'll see you in three weeks
of course you still have to work because
you got that internet and everything but
I think a lot of people are gonna enjoy
their time off and you know I'm looking
at my next few months of essentially
self quarantine and because I've been
I'm in the danger area I'm over a
certain age and I've got a history of
asthma so I'm basically gonna be hiding
for months and I've been trying to
figure out how to maximize my experience
of fighting for months here's a little
trick for you never let a good crisis go
wasted I think somebody said that
famously mayor of New York I think I'm
sorry mayor mayor of Chicago whose name
is you'll tell me in the comments but
this is one of those cases if you know
in advance there's a really good chance
that you're gonna be spending way too
much time at home figure out what is it
that you always wanted to do if you only
had enough time and then make it an
opportunity in my case I won't be able
to go to my regular gym and so I thought
oh well this is a this is a situation
where I could work on those other things
I could work in my arms for example you
know put more attention that because
I've got you know free weights at home
so find out what it is you can do they
always wanted to do if you only had
enough time because a lot of us are
gonna have enough time now I also think
people are going to spend more time
around their families if people don't go
out as much they might just spend more
time around their family maybe that's
good - all right let's see what's going
on so as you know there was an
at the seatback all the important
Republicans were there and one of them
shook hands somebody who is confirmed to
have the virus shook hands with Ted Cruz
and I think was a representative Gosar
who also said he was gonna self
quarantine for the same reason so I
don't know if anybody else had it we're
seeing a Rahim Kassim is reporting that
he may have contracted it he's got a
little fever and he was there and he met
that individual now here's a really
interesting Rahm Emanuel is the mayor of
Chicago who said don't waste a good
crisis or worse than that effect anyway
it's really interesting isn't it that we
don't know the name of the person who
infected people at CPAC CPAC because
whoever it was we're shaking hands with
all the important people so it's
somebody who's kind of important but
you've got this weird balance where that
person's you know safety and health
privacy or at risk the person who was
the the spreader at the same time what
about all the people who were nearby or
shook his hands don't they have a right
to know doesn't everybody have a right
to know if they were exposed so you've
got to impossible rights they can't be
reconciled and and watching this play
out is really interesting but how
impressed are you that the name hasn't
been published you know obviously if Ted
Cruz knows that he would you came in
contact with the person it should be
obvious that lots of people know the
name of the individual have you ever
seen something of this level of
importance that was universally not
reported it's kind of impressive that
that nobody is reporting it because
there's got to be a lot of people who
know the name of the person by now in
fact some of you probably know the name
by now but nobody reports it and I'm not
sure I don't even know if that's good or
bad because I do think the people who
were potentially exposed me
- no but if the person presumably is
cooperating with authorities and they're
tracking who who this person talked to
and touched so maybe they're already
being informed if they were getting
close enough to this person in bed I'd
certainly like to know if I were sitting
next to him and you know if you were
sitting next to the person you might
recognize that person but the person
might not remember you so he wouldn't
you know he or she would not be would
not know to tell authorities that you
had been exposed because it wouldn't
even know your name used or something
that sat next to you so I think maybe
you do have a right to have that name
but it's a tough balance because whoever
that is through no fault of their own
presumably would have a tough time if
the name got out all right why is it
there's one big mystery
it's the biggest mystery it's the one
that matters the most about this
coronavirus why is it that so here are
some things that I can't understand why
is it that China and now South Korea
reporting today that the number of new
cases is falling which would suggest
they're getting a handle on it and
experts saying it's the worst gnarliest
virus in a while but at the same time
here's the question I asked why is it
that I don't hear about people just
dying of the regular flu just the
regular flu because apparently there
could be you know 50,000 Americans a
year dying of the regular flu but I
never hear of it and yet I hear about
people dying of overdoses drug overdoses
all the time people I know personally
people of my family and it's around the
same number per year now it could be
that the drug overdoses are more
unexpected and they're younger people so
we hear about it whereas if a senior
citizen dies maybe they don't even
bother to say it was the flu it was just
Damona and that's what always gets them
and it's either that or their heart and
so it could be some kind of a weird
reporting thing and I'm still trying to
get a handle on whether this coronavirus
is a mass hysteria or actually real and
we've sort of gotten to this point and I
still don't know for sure if it's real
or if it's a mass hysteria now the
argument for mass hysteria goes like
this
so yesterday there was an official in
the Health and Human Services Admiral
Brett grr-grr assistant secretary for
health at Health and Human Services so
this is an official government person
who has official government information
and as of yesterday he said the best
estimates now for the overall mortality
rate for kovat 19 is somewhere between
0.1 percent and 1 percent now 0.1
percent would be right on normal virus
if it's true that the death estimate is
between point 1 and 1% because I guess
the denominator they keep giving better
information on it so the number is going
lower that puts it if it's point 1 it's
right at normal virus if it's 1% it's 10
times as deadly as a normal virus but
still it's been lowering every time they
update it we haven't had a situation I
don't think yeah to where it's going up
right every time we get better numbers
the numbers are lower so here's the
thing I don't understand
how do we explain that there were these
clusters of deaths on the one includ
cruise ship and in the one old people
home whatever it's called resto nursing
home whatever it was how to explain
those two clusters of high deaths
because they go way beyond what you
would expect from a coincidence but on
the other hand don't coincidences happen
the
as a threat has there ever been let's
say what are they called
old people homes rest homes nursing
homes what's the right there's a correct
term for that I don't think I'm using it
but has there ever been one where you
know ten people died in a month my guess
is yes right so here's what I'm trying
to sort out imagine these two
possibilities one is exactly what's
being reported there's this gnarly virus
the scientists have discovered it it's
bad is killing more people than normal
all right that's what's being reported
and all the evidence would support that
but here's the other possibility why if
this virus was just sort of everywhere
and yeah I was just all over the place
and then for other reasons there were
clusters of people dying because there
are clusters of people who died right
that's got to be a thing there's got to
be cruise ships where you have several
people die but I'm not really kind of
buying that it could be coincidence just
but that's how coincidences work they
fool you so I could be easily fooled so
here's what I can't understand the
people falling down dead in China and
the amount of effort that trying to put
in it suggests it's extra extra deadly
and so does the cruise ship and so does
the nursing home they all suggest is
extra extra deadly but how is it that
China and South Korea are getting a hold
on it and and why is it it doesn't
affect children there's two I'm sort of
rambling here but the whole the point of
it is there's some large piece of
information that would explain what
we're seeing that's missing isn't it and
it doesn't seem to you that there's
something really important happening
that we don't understand because because
we're getting to movies so playing
simultaneously what is it's getting
under control and one is it's the worst
thing ever
and I don't see how they can both be
true anyway we'll find out clarity will
come alright so what else we've got
so here's your some things we know about
the coronavirus and by the way I'm gonna
give you some hints on staying I'm
talking people out of being panicked
about it
so that's worth staying for there are
probably two waves coming so if you
don't know this that you should know and
now you're not surprised the normal the
normal pattern you should expect is that
we'll get some kind of control over the
coronavirus over the summer with the
help of warmer weather and then it will
come roaring back maybe in the winter so
you should expect us to tamp it down
before it comes roaring back and the
thing to worry about is the roar back
because because that could be even
bigger than the original here's some new
things coming
apparently the Bill Gates Foundation has
funded some kind of a company they can
do home testing with a swab so the so
the ways to test are increasing every
day so thank you Bill Gates and I mean
that
thank you Bill Gates for being such a
productive member of the planet Earth
and for now being behind these tests
gets that you can do a home and mail in
that seems like that's a big deal to me
Balaji Srinivasan was saying on on
Twitter and I agree that we need some
kind of a right to try legislation or
executive order or something for the
people who have to grow the virus in it
there's at least some indication that
some existing drugs might make a
difference so there's some thought and
I'm no expert on this area so I can't I
can't say that I'm I I'll just say that
the question is out there whether there
should be some right to try some
experimental drugs if you have the
corona virus and you could turn suddenly
because I guess people are returning bad
suddenly
um here's an update I've been talking
about we need to temporarily for the
emergency get rid of the restrictions of
doctors practicing across state lines
because we might need people in other
states to help with the overflow
especially for telemedicine so I had
suggested that the government
temporarily do an executive order and
say okay for now doctors can use
telemedicine to practice across state
lines just for the emergency I report
that that idea did make it all the way
to the White House so I did get
confirmation
I do have confirmation that the right
people in the government have seen the
idea and have initially expressed
expressed let's see agreement that
that's a high high productive thing to
look into so I don't know if that's
gonna happen I just know that the model
of social media bubbling up ideas to to
people who can make a decision is
working you know ideas are coming off
the internet in sort of a brainstorming
way hey about this how about this about
this and the good ones are actually
getting filtered and they're actually
making it to the the White House in in
less than you know hours and which isn't
remarkable if you think about it so
we'll see if that happens here's some
other things that are happening you're
seeing the delivery ramping up a lot
more people telecommuting using
telemedicine spinning up your say these
4uv robots and test kits the world is
really organizing on this stuff people
are self-organizing and and they're
doing what they need to do so here's my
prediction on the corona virus I think I
think it's not going to take us down you
know it's not going to Adam civilization
I don't think you're gonna run out of
toilet paper I think the odds of that
are low I have no objection to anybody
preparing for disaster
because the whole point of it is that
they're low percentage events but why
you should expect prepare for the worst
the way she'd expect is will will muddle
through this because there is an amazing
amount of skill and energy being focused
on this problem you don't see this much
energy ever being focused on they think
since maybe World War two I suppose so I
think you should be optimistic the the
track record of human beings versus
other entities is a hundred percent
there is no other species be they bug
bird lizard or mammal who has ever
beaten humanity and I like the odds of
humans again against this now of course
we'll get through this now at the same
time just to make things interesting
Russia has dropped while they've
increased their production which is
dropping the prices now here's what's
happening in the world just so you get
the lay of the land apparently Russia
has figured out how to produce oil very
inexpensively some of it has to do with
the nature of where they're drilling
some has to do with technological and
systems improvements but the world was
not quite ready for the fact that Russia
can produce oil and a lot of it way
cheaper than the Middle East but here's
the bad news also way cheaper than shale
production in the United States so now
that OPEC has not agreed to
you know cooperate and keep the prices
high Russia just went rogue started
they're gonna drill like crazy produce
like crazy and drive the worldwide price
of oil down below the price where Saudi
Arabia and the entire American shale
industry can't even stay in business so
you're watching one of the biggest I
would say this is going to be on
economic war this is actual
at this point so I think it would be
fair to say that Russia and Saudi Arabia
are actually a war the bullets are not
flying but this looks like a complete
takedown with an entire country and it
looks like Russia's Russia's getting
ready to take Saudi Arabia out they will
take out also possibly it'll it's
looking that way the entire shale energy
business in the United States which is
big and which is going to be painful and
it's going to be expensive and it
doesn't help Donald Trump one bit now
what's gonna happen with all the pundits
who say hey Putin's Putin and Trump's
are practically best friends and all
that if Putin takes out and it looks
like that's exactly what he's doing
as Putin takes out the shale industry in
the United States who is gonna say
that's good for the fur Trump anybody is
there anybody who can maintain the
argument that Putin and Trump are
working in concert for some big evil
nope that's gone forever if Putin takes
down our shale industry
it's figuratively war it's not the real
war with bullets but the United States
is not gonna roll over while Putin takes
out one of our most important industries
that's not gonna happen so Putin has
some surprises coming and they would be
surprised as to me because I don't know
what they are but there's no way we're
gonna roll over and just say you know
let's just let Putin control all the
energy production that matters in the
world that's not gonna happen so
Russia's got some pain coming they just
don't know what it is and I think the
president is probably already looking at
his options and he's probably just gonna
turn the lights off figuratively not
actually the lights but I've got a
feeling that Russia's and for a big kick
in the kick in the
pants alright those of you who own stock
or worried about the economy let me give
you some good feelings
number one the coronavirus is a weird
kind of disaster because it has a timer
on it it might be a one-year problem it
might be a two-year problem but it's not
a three-year problem because by the
third year so many people would be
exposed it just couldn't be the same
thing anymore and when the economy is
working as well as it has been and
you've got this you know known problem
that lasts X long and at the end of it
you know you're going to be ok people
are going to keep their production at
least ready to ramp back up so I would
expect that the ramp back would be very
fast so as much when the shock is over
the economy is going to roar back pretty
quickly but it's a weird kind of but not
all of it so I think the travel industry
maybe the cruise industry the restaurant
industry there will be industries that
are just get devastated by this there's
no question about it and it's going to
be ugly but there are other industries
that are being stimulated by this I'm
not even sure the net effect is going to
be nearly as negative as anybody
imagines so as soon as as soon as things
start normalizing they're gonna
normalize it very quickly so the ramp
back up will be extra fast because
there's nothing missing
the only thing that's missing is can we
go to work now and as soon as the answer
is yes you can go to work now BAM
everything's back to normal so there's
that now the the Russia's situation with
energy is a little dicey err cuz that's
just a big shock and nobody likes shock
and uncertainty but I'm I imagine that
the markets will do what the markets do
and meaning that over time it will find
some kind of balance that it doesn't
have right now but remember that when
the oil prices drop is a gigantic
stimulus package for people who buy oil
it's very bad for people who work in
industry or people who own stock in
those industries but if you're just
driving your car you just saved a lot of
money
also if you cancelled your vacation you
just saved a lot of money so it's we've
never seen an economic shock like this
one where maybe not one for one but
roughly speaking for every bad thing
that this is causing it's accidentally
causing a stimulus somewhere else or
some savings that will be spent later
some pent up demand this is not like a
normal economic shock it's one where
everybody's just sort of pulling back in
waiting nothing's really broken you'd
have to have something broken to be
worried and nothing's broken we're
actually pulling together and operating
as a country you know more coordinated
than we ever have
probably more empathy more capability
more brains more power the United States
is really operating at a high level
right now of capability so the odds of
us getting through this well in let's
say a year maybe two years Oh close to a
hundred percent close to a hundred
percent it's as close to a hundred
percent as anything again really so calm
down all right
let me give you some tips for talking
other people and of panic you know in a
time like this of national concern where
we're all looking at this coronavirus
stuff I think you notice that a lot of
citizens just jump into the breech and
people say all right what's my what's my
contribution what's the thing I can do
where I can help and you just seem it's
really inspirational and amazing and
makes you feel good to be alive and I I
never want to feel good about a disaster
especially ones where people are dying
but there is something about it that
focuses and improves the human condition
you know we do get hardened by by trauma
and formed by trauma and this is
certainly one of those
cases so there's there's something
horrible about this a lot horrible about
it
the coronavirus and there's something
beautiful about it and it could be true
at the same time you you know the the
way people are reacting
you know the people were jumping into
the breach and saying you know you're
not you know not on my watch
you know the whole whole civilization
you know sort of acted as one and said
yeah yeah virus take your best shot but
it's not going to be on my watch you
know so watching people jump in risking
their life you know their their
happiness their pleasure
sacrificing you know their sleep their
their personal safety and we have no
shortage have you ever heard anybody say
since this started has anybody said
there's a shortage of people who want to
help no no there's no shortage of people
who want to help and it's really
dangerous stuff so that's amazing and we
should not lose sight of that but here's
why you should not be as worried as
perhaps you are so these are some tips
for talking other people out of their
worry and here's the main one we're
confusing statistical risk with personal
risk it's because we watch the news if
you've never had any news you'd probably
just get a cold and take some days off
and go home and you would never even
know there was a problem so the first
thing you have to understand is the way
you feel about the problem has probably
80% of it has to do with the way it's
being presented to you and that we live
in a world where presenting scary things
is a good business model for the news so
you are being scared beyond where the
where the risk might be appropriate for
you specifically now it is good to scare
society so society does all the right
things I'm in favor of scaring society
but if you're trying to decide you
individually how scared should you be
here's what's to keep in mind the
coronavirus is a statistical risk
it's not a personal risk it is but it's
so small you could almost ignore it the
statistical risk is that there's a
guarantee that some thousands of
Americans will die for this guaranteed a
hundred percent chance there's some
number of people we hope is not
thousands but you know if people are
dying there's no there's nothing that
will stop some number of people from
dying from any flu this flu or any other
flu so that's just gonna happen it was
gonna happen anyway at some rate but and
we should treat that risk very seriously
even if we don't know the names of the
people were gonna die but let's say
we're talking about you what are the
odds that you specifically will get a
corona virus and die so small it's
vanishes your actual individual risk
just disappears it's a it's a system
risk it's people whose names you don't
know who almost certainly are not going
to be you almost certainly there will be
a lot of them they have real names
they're real people we care about them
but almost impossible that it'll be you
specifically given the nature of this so
that's the first thing people need to
know is that when we everybody talking
about the risk it's a statistical risk
it's not you the odds of you dying or
nothing so let's take me as an example
what are the risks that I Scott Adams
will die of the corona virus is so small
it's the last thing I'm worried about
but I'm still gonna do everything I need
to do to protect myself you know that
staying in a crowds and washing hands
and all that stuff because I'm part of
the systems so my contribution to
keeping myself healthy actually is not
that much about me you know I mean it's
good for me just in case but it's mostly
about if we all do what we're supposed
to do to stay healthy and stay
unattracted and do what we're supposed
to do we reduce the system risk so
everything you're doing to keep yourself
safe think of it as a system safety you
actual risk practically nothing
the other thing I would suggest if you
if people are trying to feel better is
to do something as long as you're doing
something you have a sense of control I
tell you I've told you that I go for a
walk every day and then you know
especially yeah I'm the sunny days get
some vitamin D get mild exercise keeps
my keeps my immunity up I'm making sure
I get enough sleep I'm eating right I'm
doing all those things so I feel like
I'm doing something you know I put in
some supplies just in case I don't think
we're gonna run out of any supplies
because supplies are the one things that
really isn't the the industries that are
at risk are the ones where large
gatherings get together you know events
and restaurants and such the ones that
are not at risk because you can still
operate even if a lot of employees or
sick that week are things that make
stuff so I don't think we're gonna run
out of stuff we're not gonna run out of
electricity water and toilet paper and
food I just don't think that's gonna
happen I think you just saw your
recreation will be limited for a while
here's some more context humanity is
really good at emergencies really good
and already we've got it you know China
has got a handle on it and how hard was
that South Korea has got a handle on and
now the number of new cases are
decreasing how hard was that how many
people are there in China in South Korea
were infected and they still got ahold
of it
pretty impressive pretty impressive
I would suggest people that they stop
binge watching all the virus porn
because the news talks about whatever is
in the news whatever you know whatever
is interesting it doesn't mean you have
to watch all of it it might be good
enough just to you know pick up the
statistics every day and say okay how
does it look today alright let's go on
with my day I also recommend that you
make stress relief a full-time job so
don't allow yourself to
just get more and more stressed and say
well I can I can handle it just go after
it because your stress level is what's
degrading your immune response so at
least during the the time of the corona
virus risk I would say you should make
it your full-time job to get a nap relax
do some meditating exercise you know do
whatever it takes for you to to reduce
some stress because that will reduce
your cortisol levels and make you safer
so those are the main things reminding
people that their risk is vanishingly
small actually smaller than driving a
car or smaller than getting in a plane
in general it's as small as you can get
so please talking about the William HOF
method of breathing to boost immunity
you can read up on that William HOF
breathing method just google it and you
can make your own decision about that
somebody says wash your bananas okay so
let's let's try to make something
positive out of this coronavirus we're
all going to be staying home staying at
crowds or at least those of us of a
certain age figure out why you can do
that where you can come out ahead at the
end of three months have a new skill be
a little more fit to be a little more
relaxed learn how to meditate do
something useful all right
that's let's talk about the funniest
story of the day this is a funniest
political story as funny for all the
wrong reasons I mean I there's a shot
and Freud here meaning that I enjoy
other people's misfortune but they had
it coming so this is different so you've
all seen it now by now the Biden sound
clip and video clip in which he seems to
be all confused and at the end he says
something about and door you know
helping President Trump get elected it
just doesn't make any sense well it
turns out that it's an edited clip
and when I say edited I don't mean that
any of the clip that you're seeing is
edited but rather they cut out the last
few seconds after the clip if you had
seen the last few seconds you would know
that the sentence were Biden appears to
be saying will do nothing but elect
president Trump he's not endorsing him
the rest of the sentence is something
like I'm just paraphrasing here but it's
something like will elect president
Trump unless we do XYZ so what the part
that's cut out is the unless we do XYZ
and if you cut that out it looks like
he's accidentally so confused the
endorsed president Trump and that's
that's the way people are having fun
with it
now does that sound familiar yes it does
because that's exactly what the left did
to President Trump with the fine people
hoax because anyway what do people say
when they see the fine people hoax video
they say Scott Scott Scott I'm not
mistaken I'm looking at the actual
unedited video of what the president
said and I'm watching him call those
Nazis fine people it's right there I'm
looking at it I believe my own ears my
own eyes and then you say yeah but they
cut out the last part where he made sure
that you didn't think that by saying in
case you know in case you would
accidentally thought that he doesn't say
that part but he says he clarifies he
says and I'm not talking about the
neo-nazis and white nationalists who
should be condemned totally so you cut
that part out and you leave the first
part and it reverses the meaning it
reverses it it's a hundred percent
different than the actual meaning now
what did people say when I said hey that
fine people clip is edited they said
Scott Scott Scott it's not edited I
watched it live I watched it on tape
it's the same thing I watched life
there's nothing edited it's exactly what
he said and they can't seem to
understand that the part that got left
out reversed its meaning until Joe Biden
had it happened to him
and this is the fun part because it's
exactly the same it's exactly the same
trick they just took out the last part
the reversed its meaning put it out
there and some millions of people saw
the original clip
you know the Clinton millions saw at the
clip without the part on the end and
then it gets you know people realize
that that's misleading and they put out
the correction but how many people see
the correction 10% maybe so you get a
nine to one benefit with the fake fake
news clip now there are some of you who
are protesting and you're saying Scott
Scott Scott the Biden clip is not
misleading because the point of it is
not that anybody really thought he was
endorsing president Trump nobody really
thought that that was just funny but
they did think he was doddering and
confused yeah that's true that's true
yeah it does show him doddering and
confused I would agree with that but
doddering and confused in a way that's
not entirely different from this
stuttering excuse that he's using which
isn't a bad excuse I got to say so Biden
has said that he's had a stutter in the
past some have suggested that he do he
uses a trick where if he feels a stutter
coming a word that he doesn't want to
pronounce that stutters have learned to
do a workaround where they use other
words instead and you can become not
fluent because you're thinking too hard
about substituting words and then you
say I'm confused but what you're really
doing is trying to think and talk and
substitute words at the same time and
it's just too much now I happen to have
some experience with that because I had
a voice problem for three and a half
years it wasn't a stutter but I had the
same issue there were some words I
couldn't pronounce and and I would I
would do that same trick I would try to
say sentences so if I asked for a diet
coke because I had a voice problem in
which I could not pronounce
coke I would have to say something like
I'll have my usual it's a soda is it's
the brown one you know it's it's what I
usually have and I just sound like an
idiot because I'm just trying to talk
around using the word coke because I
know my mouth can't pronounce it so is
Joe Biden losing it I think obviously
yes I think there is something about
that stutter workaround thing that is
true but I think he used to be better at
it because he was a little more let's
say sharp so I don't think that the
excuse of him talking around the stutter
is telling you everything you need to
know I think you probably always did it
but we didn't notice before because
there's a little more clever about it so
anyway that's just sort of a beautiful
karma that the Democrats are having to
deal with that there's an article in
Breitbart today a little write-up of an
interview I did in radio with Joel
Pollak last night about burning Biden if
you want to see that you might see my
opinion on what's going to happen in the
election why isn't Bernie making Biden's
decline an issue well that seems to be
consistent with burning so Bernie has
been trying to run a campaign that's not
about the people but is a little bit
more about you know the policies of
course he went after president Trump for
allegedly being racist so he does go
after people if he needs to but maybe
it's because they're friends maybe it's
because he thinks Biden might get the
nomination and it's better to support
him it's hard to know what Bernie's
thinking but if I had to guess well so
I've predicted that Bernie will have at
least one more surge could be more than
one but I think he'll have at least one
more surge and it could be coming really
soon and it could be becoming because of
this you know if he decides to talk
about Biden's mental decline that should
be enough to give him and others
so it might happen all right
so tomorrow we've got another another
primary so we'll find out what's what
after that all right I'm just looking at
your comments all right
looks like that's all we got going I'm
kind of hating all of this coronavirus
news because it's it's it's interesting
because it's important but it's not
different enough every day I would like
to talk about better things did I buy
more Amazon stock today I I'm all-in on
the market so I'm I'm just gonna wait it
out however long it takes but I did I
did load up on Amazon when it dipped
wait wait can you talk more about the
oil industry please did you have a
specific question I'm certainly no
expert on the oil industry but you know
the bottom line is that consumers will
get lower cost
that's the stimulus the industry the
shale industry might get wiped out we'll
see how this goes all right that's all
we got for now and I'll talk to you
tomorrow