hey
everybody I'm back for a a special
coffee with Scott Adams in which I'm
going to talk about the future of online
education way more interesting than you
think it's going to be so reserve your
judgment this is going to be a little
more interesting than you think all
right first thing I want to say is I've
been saying for a long time that I'm
left of
Bernie and people say I don't believe
that how could you be for all those
socialist things and the trick is that
like most people I don't know how to pay
for those things but at least I admit
I'd love to have Universal healthc care
I don't really know how to pay for it
I'd love to have free Universal U
education including college and any kind
of vocational training but it's hard to
pay for so what I'm going to talk about
is how to get to a world where we all
have free far better way better
training and at a cost that's
essentially free or approaches free all
right and I'm going to tell you some
trends that you're going to see coming
that
um that will drive this the first thing
I'm going to talk about is my own
company's app called interface by
whenhub you see it written right here if
you wanted to search for it in the app
stores and with it you can talk to any
kind of expert and you could take a
class so if you could find an expert who
wanted to train you one in one or two to
you Etc you could do it through the app
so I wanted to
test online learning myself and so I've
been uh taking drum lessons for the last
few uh last few months trying to figure
out what I could learn about the whole
concept of online learning can you learn
from talking to somebody on the
screen here's what I learned it works
really really well
and here's why because I'm paying for by
the hour and because I can pick the
instructor I want and I can schedule it
whenever I want and I can cancel it you
know as long as I give some notice I can
cancel it if something comes up I've
completely solve the when do you do it
Problem by making it happen when I want
it secondly because it's a one-on-one
thing um I don't follow the script of a
of an instructor I found a drum
instructor who would answer my questions
and go through things in roughly the
order that my brain needs to process it
so I took something that would have been
impossible for me to learn in a
standard the instructor shows up your
house and you know then you've you know
you've got somebody in your house and it
takes a little extra time there's a lot
extra work and you you can't really
cancel because they're traveling over
there and then they don't teach you the
way you want so being able to get it
exactly the the way you
want is huge and so I've had a good
experience with that but let me tell you
some other things which are
happening in the world of
online training one of the things that's
wrong with online training the way it is
at the moment is that it's usually just
filming an instructor teaching just as
if you were in the class that's the
worst way to use online training because
you don't get the benefit of the human
interaction and it's just as boring but
inevitably people are going to start
forming teams where instead of just
filming an instructor maybe somebody
creates the content perhaps someone else
does the visuals the you know the CGI
the the graphics that go with it perhaps
they hire an actor to be the teacher
because the actor is just real good on
screen somebody you don't mind watching
for a long time you might prefer seeing
a female I might prefer seeing a male
you might prefer seeing somebody a
different age different ethnicity you
could pick the type of instructor you
wanted and the content would be created
by a team like Hollywood can you imagine
for example if movies were made by one
person suppose the only way a movie ever
got made was one person there would all
be terrible movies it's because of the
team and certainly education will move
in this direction inevitably it's it's a
guarantee the other thing you don't have
in regular education is the addiction um
technology so you know that social media
is addicting you know that online gaming
uh is addictive part of the reason
they're addictive is that you do them on
your own pace and your own time and then
they reward you with a a variety of
rewards which we understand very well
what if you could learn that any rate
you wanted and you could pick a style of
learning that worked for you
and you could build the addiction into
it so you could do it slowly quickly any
rate that was right for you because it's
online and they they build the addiction
into it so let's say you're trying to
solve a game by learning enough enough
Spanish language say to solve some
puzzles you would probably learn them
quicker if you were getting immediate
rewards within the the game context all
right
um I also have a VR
a VR system if I was doing this without
my microphone
on uh I also have a VR system that I've
been testing to see what is the
experience of using
VR and what I found was oh my god when
you're using VR you actually have the
experience of being there in person even
though it's obvious that you're not
there in person so you can look at
things that are really just renderings
and you know they renderings you know
they're not real but it's so uh
impactful on your mind that you actually
act as though they're real U I went to
the edge of a Ledge in a VR thing with
you know VR goggles on and I couldn't
make myself walk over the edge of the
ledge even though I could take my my
goggles off and see that I'm on my own
floor and that there's no danger and I
put the goggles back on and I couldn't
even force my my leg to go forward
because my brain was still saying no
that's a ledge that's a ledge I'm
looking right at it so the experience of
being in a VR immersive environment is
completely transformative to how you
learn uh I did a a program within VR in
which I did a tour inside the Hindenburg
the famous Airship that that burned up
so you can actually go inside it and
walk around in all the the places that
don't the crew could go and you could
actually
experience exactly what it would feel
like to be on the actual Hindenberg and
looking through the crew quarters and
the and where the pilot does the work
you can look on the table and see what's
on the table unbelievable all right so
imagine that technology except you're
learning
history they you could be plopped right
in the middle of the history you could
be in the middle of a war you could be
put in a village you know they could
plop you in different civiliz Iz ation
all over the world incredible all right
so as soon as this stuff reaches reaches
another level you know the learning will
be fun and
easy um smartphones of course makes
everybody have access to it so the the
how much does a cost part and how do you
get there will largely be solved by
technology the other Advantage you have
of online learning is that you can
sample it very quickly and if you're not
getting what you want you just stop and
find another source so as long as
there's enough competition you can
sample in say that's not for me and get
out that's harder to do if you sign up
for a class in college the other thing
you could see is that if you have ai and
lots of data mining you can you can
imagine that as you're taking tests and
as you're working through your online
courses that employers perhaps could
find out that you're good at whatever it
is that they need and they might find
that out just by your test scores and
how you're developing online and then
they could uh approach you and say I
know you're only in your second year of
what might take three or four years but
wow you're killing it you know maybe we
should have a relationship so you could
actually be doing your your job search
simultaneous with your classes without
any extra effort because you're creating
data by taking tests Etc that will tell
employers if you're the kind of person
that they might someday want um I think
we'll see certification degrees for
online classes that are different from
just oh this college put some classes on
there and now you got a degree from this
college but it's not as good is the real
one I think you're going to see people
like Warren Buffett I just use him as an
example name to say if you took this
following group of classes and you did
did well in it I would definitely hire
you and so you uh somebody saying
Udacity does it I think what you need
are almost celebrity endorsements to to
give them some value and I when I say
celebrity I mean successful business
people billionaire type endorsements the
kind that people would take seriously
you know if Bill Gates said taking this
set of courses made you valuable I would
I would certainly think about getting
the Bill Gates you know MBA or whatever
it's going to be called all
right um so with these changes which I
think you would agree are pretty much
guaranteed to happen I don't know how
quickly I don't know how how long it
will take but if you imagine that the
government without without building a
new department or anything simply got
behind this concept and just started
pushing uh maybe putting a little uh
attention on VR companies maybe
encouraging some kind of standardization
if that's useful it would be great to
have all of these courses built in small
modules so that you could take a module
and if you don't like that teacher you
can just pick up the same course just
with a different teacher and without
even getting out of the the larger class
you can just switch teachers in the
middle because all the modules fit
together in some kind of standardized
way depending on the course so um I
think we're going to get to the point
where uh online learning is now worse
than in-person learning but I think it's
guaranteed it's going to cross it
guaranted
and when it crosses it it almost it
might also start approaching zero cost
because whoever is the best team to put
together let's say the very best lesson
in you know geometry or whatever it is
or let's say repairing engines whoever
is the best team that does that they're
going to be able to sell their course
all over the entire world so you know it
might be a dollar per class because they
have a 100 billion customers per class
it would be the most profitable thing
anybody ever did but this this Market
needs to develop and it will so um this
this uh little prediction is brought to
you by my company's app
interface by whenhub you can sign on to
be a an expert or a teacher on anything
right now the app is one:1 it's a video
call for any expert to talk to any
anybody who wants to talk to them and
the expert sets the price any price they
want if you would like to support this
kind of thing and if you'd like to
support these periscopes um one way you
could do it is by going to interface.
hub.com where you can buy the when
tokens that's a cryptocurrency that we
created to work within the app so you
can pay your experts in crypto if they
accept that or regular credit card cash
so we have both um both options so
I'll get rid of the
troll
and
uh so those of you who were unhappy with
patreon and how they were treating some
of their uh their talent in my case if
you want to encourage the app to work if
you want to encourage in in a very small
way any of this to work and you want to
move this this world forward of of being
able to get your education online in a
variety of forums um owning some of
these tokens would do it now I want to
be very careful in in telling you these
are not Investments and you do not have
a an equity position in a company when
you own these cryptocurrencies but
nonetheless it is true that if the if
the app is successful the value of the
tokens goes up so this is one of the
very very few
cases where donating to an artist has
has at least some chance that you end up
getting your money back and more
so
uh Peterson was asking for competitor
name of patreon so this would only work
for people who sign up to be experts on
the app and then then people could
contact them uh and in my case because
I'm a co-founder of the company it helps
me a great deal to help fund the company
forward if people buy the to tokens and
you can buy them for any amount it's
whatever you want um any amount you feel
comfortable with um and they change
they're they're being traded on a couple
of exchanges right now um coin pulse.
and La token.com two places you can
trade them now and we're adding other
exchanges as we go all right
so that's the future of
Education um I think it is completely
realistic to have what I would call a
socialist vision of Education that
doesn't require your taxes to go up
meaning that technology if it's fostered
in the right way and we don't have any
unnecessary regulation stopping it the
inevitable direction is that online will
will pass in-person education in terms
of effectivess and it's going to pass it
hard you know at some point it won't
even be close that at some point the
idea of standing in front of a human in
a in a classroom while that one human
drones on in the average way that is is
the most average to get the most people
but doesn't work for anybody in
particular exactly you know it doesn't
work at least in their ideal way the the
in-person method is definitely going to
go away so we can get to almost free
education and Universal that's very
doable there may be some something like
this in the in the field of uh medical
cost as
well and I'll talk about that separately
I will give you a little hint that we're
bringing on a number of doctors who will
be vetted and you know they'll they'll
their backgrounds will be checked so you
don't have to worry about that and there
will be licensed for specific states in
the United States and if you don't have
Healthcare and you need a doctor you'll
be able to pick up the interface app
I'll tell you more about this in the
next week or so and have a live
conversation with the doctor and just
pay as you go so they'll so it will be
much cheaper than having insurance and
it would be one of the many ways in
which the cost of Health Care could go
down so I say again I'm left of Bernie
because I want Universal Health Care and
I want free education but I think the
way you get there is by making sure that
your technology is unfed bettered and
that you understand that there's
somewhere to get and now I think we all
understand that and maybe we can get out
of our own way and let the technology
bring us to that point where we do have
much cheaper health care and you know at
least approaching free and that we have
uh essentially Universal education for
everybody uh and there's almost nobody
who can't be helped by Universal
education
so that's the uh lesson if anybody wants
to get some when tokens which would help
a lot for my startup and you know maybe
they would go up in value but they're
not an
investment um go to
interface.
hub.com and I hope you do and that's all
for now