all right um let me give you a
whiteboard of whiteboards the
presentation that you've all been
waiting for I'd like to explain how we
got
here and by the way you could call this
an
opinion but it's also just true I'll
make sure you can both see this don't
worry all right so I've got two cameras
so you're not all going to see it is
easily but uh I'll put the photo online
it's already it's already on my Twitter
feed so here's the
idea uh how fake news destroyed the
planet at the moment we're telling
ourselves oh these these people are bad
or these people are bad and you know
their forces and the government's not
doing enough and you know why is black
lives matter supporting the bad guys and
you know all this stuff I think that's
all diversion
there is one source of the problem that
is destroying the planet there's just
one it's fake
news just fake news now remember the
fake news people are also the people who
built the we we're looking for
disinformation so the fake news and the
fact Checkers are the same
people that's a real dangerous situation
it's the ultimate dangerous situation
and outside of the 1% of people who pay
attention 99% of the public doesn't know
that the news is fake they actually
don't know now when I say that most
people think I know what you're saying
Scott you're saying the MSNBC is fake
but you know the the ones on the right
are all real no I'm not saying that I'm
not saying that the news is fake right
it's different kinds of fakes in
different places but it's not news all
right so the fake news uh told us of
President Trump uh that he was colluding
with Russia which would make him a
traitor that he said uh that neo-nazis
were fine people which he never said he
said the opposite that would make him a
racist and that he said you should drink
bleach to get rid of your coid he never
said that that was also a Hox but if he
had it would have been stupid so the
fake news told the public every
day that there was Russian collusion
find people hoax drink bleach you got a
traitor a racist super guy and if you
ever elected him it would be the end of
the world so instead they gave us Biden
and then Biden gave us the Ukraine war
the Israel war and open borders which is
the end of the United
States this is actually the end of the
world if if we kept going in this
direction it is not survivable I just
want to say that as clearly as possible
we we have a system at the moment that
is not
survivable this is an existential threat
the fake
news has
reached not just annoying levels not
just
influential it is now our biggest
existential risk it will determine where
we put our limited money it will
determine if we spend ourselves into
debt forever it will keep the worst
people in office it will keep the best
people out of office it will make uh
countries fight each other for the wrong
reasons it will make the the nation
itself turn against each other for
reasons that didn't have to happen at
all they will give you CRT ESG and Dei
and these guys will tell you those are
good ideas and they will absolutely
destroy the
planet so every time somebody tells you
the the problem is something else that's
not fake news they're wrong everything
flowed from that you can't think of
anything that you would identify as a
problem that did not flow directly
directly not indirectly but directly
from fake
news that ladies and gentlemen is the
filter that you need to understand more
than any other