[Music]
[Music]
join me I hate this song shut up now
[Music]
join me sing along no one
okay I freaking love this this is from
Akira the dog Aki RA the dog do em
you'll find him on Twitter and all over
the Internet I guess it was nice enough
to make this auto-tuned
version of my theme song and I have to
say when I first saw it I was like this
is gonna be you know I'm not gonna like
this I actually can't stop listening to
it it's really good it's it's it it's
got levels to it it's it's pretty
awesome now how many of you saw the
video of Elaine Chao I guess that's
Mitch McConnell's wife getting out of
her or going to her car and she is
accosted by a number of angry leftist
who corner her and yelled stuff like you
know something something putting
children in cages and on Twitter
somebody said can you teach us what to
do in that situation so imagine you're a
trump administration person or just a
some identified Trump supporter and you
get surrounded by angry chanting leftist
what do you do well in this example
let's say in the unlikely event that you
went out in public and you were not
carrying and you're you're unarmed and
it's just you and let's say for example
maybe even you're a woman and you're
surrounded by you know bigger people and
it's sort of dangerous what do you do
well I'm gonna give you a suggestion
that you could probably only use once
meaning that once they've heard it it's
not gonna work as well the next time so
you might you know a few of you might
get to use it so you're in the middle
there they're angry people say what do
you do what do
do you know screw trumple and you turn
to them and you say this which one of
you is in charge and they won't
immediately answer because they'll still
be in there young you you say are you in
charge which one of you guys is in
charge that's it
which one of you is in charge because
they'll they'll immediately start
dealing with that question and they're
gonna start wondering which one of them
is in charge and the point of it is that
you'd love to talk to whoever's in
charge say which one of you is in charge
and then if they say I'm in charge I
don't know if that's likely to happen
you say what is it what is it you're
concerned about and they'll say
something general like you support a
monster you know in particular or
something something bothering you today
and then then they'll say yeah you're
you're supporting the guy who's putting
children in cages and you say supporting
him I'm on your side well you are you
the side that once the children in cages
I'm confused they go now we don't walk
children in cages and you say excellent
I'm on your side
and they say well why are you supporting
the guy who's putting them in cages and
you say we've always been putting them
in cages last all the administration's
we're trying to get them out of cages
what are you trying to do
well you're supporting the guy who's
putting them in cages now I'm on your
side how do we how do we fix this
because the alternative to putting them
in cages is that they might be in danger
too even more is that was that the
choice you you select would you do you
want them more endangered or less
endangered because I'm on the less
endangered side which side are you on
all right now have you seen I'm going to
changing topics bit here did you see
probably many of you saw the video of
erin burnett interviewing i don't know
who it was but somebody tell you so much
Angela right so Angela I just claimed
that Chuck Schumer is racist because he
did not agree with Maxine Waters
approach to dealing with Trump now you
have to watch this video on your own and
and when you watch it don't look at the
people who are talking look only at Erin
Burnett in the middle and watch her try
to keep an objective face when when she
hates people on both sides of her she
doesn't agree to either side but it's
more hilarious because the person who's
probably closer to her own her own
preferences is doing such a bad job of
supporting her side than her face is
like but that's not why I'm showing you
this I want to give you a lesson in how
not to sell past the clothes have you
ever heard of that term selling past the
clothes it's one of the big mistakes you
can make in persuasion in persuasion
once you're done selling stop talking
because anything you say after the sale
is closed might undo the sales all right
so here I don't know the name of the
gentleman here maybe you could tell me
but watch him make the biggest mistake
in persuasion of continuing to talk
after he's just won he just won the
conversation because he just turned the
opponent into attacking themselves for
being racists all right all he had to do
Steve Cortes all he had to do is stop
talking just say thank you very much
thanks for having me I'm out of here but
he didn't he kept talking so here's how
you snatch hi here's how you snatch
defeat from the jaws of victory
so so far Steve is one right he's one
stop talking stooge don't say anything
Steve no don't say anything
you won that's good so far which I'd
like it to be the way that we fight on
policy is through words through persuade
that's good that's good stop which I
find very interesting so a lot of oh he
went thuggery
he said thuggery have you ever seen
anybody win so hard and pull and pull
defeat out of the joy jaws of victory
now I don't believe that the people who
use the word are necessarily thinking in
racial terms some of them probably are
you know I think there's something to
that that you know the the whole use of
thug I buy into it a little bit there's
some people who use it
and some contacts are thinking in racial
terms maybe not explicitly but but it
might be showing a little bit of bigotry
I don't think I don't think everybody
who uses the word is thinking in racial
terms because it's a word you know it's
sort of a standard word and I don't
think the Steve was using it in a racial
sense I think he was using it in the
sense of you know let's be nice instead
of acting like well I'm not even gonna
use the word so don't do what he did he
won that so hard and all he had to do is
say thank you goodnight but it didn't go
that way
all right what's a synonym for a thug
that doesn't have a racist I don't know
I mean part of the reason might be that
there are not perfect synonyms for that
so I'd stay away from it entirely goon
some of these a goons hoodlums hooligans
bullies are bullies bullies would be
good so you know we all we talked about
the video in which the montage of
Democrats acting badly was put together
as a GOP ad and I'm wondering if someday
somebody is going to put together the
two movies here's the movie I'd love to
see I haven't thought I haven't thought
this through so it's not a
recommendation but just playing this in
my mind imagine if you will a GOP ad in
which you show a tale of two movies one
movie is people who are enjoying the
prosperity and feeling safer you know
and talking about whoa my god you know
life's good business is up my confidence
is high show a couple of charts of
things going right you know that that's
sort of the good movie you know North
Korea is going right etc and then you
show the other movie of people screaming
after the election and and their movie
is is is is off the hook and every
is bad but here's what you do you're
waiting for the clever part you make the
good movie the people who are doing well
a hundred percent minorities and women
don't you just a hundred percent
minorities and women you don't make that
the point if you just have a lot of
minorities and women because there's no
reason there has to be a white person in
your video right there's no rule that
says God throw a white person in there
and just put a be a bunch of you know a
whole different cross section of America
saying oh I got a job things are going
great I really love how things are going
then show the bad one we're where you've
got the people who are literally
screaming at the sky and make them all
white now of course neither of these is
an accurate picture of the world but
that's what makes it it can't pay that
right it's not it's not trying to be
accurate but there's the subliminal
power of that would be would be pretty
powerful somebody said to repeat it so
I'm saying in a campaign ad that would
just show the two movies were
experiencing one that where everything
was going well one where everything is
you know seems to be they're imagining
dark things happening that aren't
actually happening but you make all the
people who are having a good time
minorities and women and all the people
who are screaming at the sky a bunch of
white people that's it that's just the
whole that's the whole Lab you know join
our movie and by not by simply having no
white people in the good movie you'd
make everybody talk about it's like how
a manipulative business that they didn't
put all those white pieces over there
and and they'll be they'll be arguing
about the wrong thing because although
it would be transparently persuasive it
would still work there's no reason that
the good movie has to have a white face
of it
there's no reason
alright there's a time for another
simultaneous it I think it is I think it
is
so this TDS problem seems to be bigger
than ever and I want to give you a
little bit of optimism of the kind you
don't expect that's the best kind here's
something that is generally true that
seems generally false alright it's
something that's quite often true but
almost always seems like it's not true
and it's this it's always darkest before
the dawn
now that's an old saying and until you
actually see how many times that's true
it can be misleading because you think
my goodness
everything's getting worse and worse and
worse and worse and worse well tomorrow
should be worse - and then we're all
dead but you have to hit bottom before
you can turn around and take for example
alcoholics if you've never been around
an alcoholic and you see an alcoholic
heading for the bottom you know they're
they're losing their friends or losing
their job and you say to them stop stop
going down and stop going down because
you'll go down until you die and you'll
be scared to death which is of course
what gives the alcoholic or the Attic
their power because they know that
you're gonna do you're gonna help them
before they'll help themselves and then
you've got this sick relationship if
you've been around alcoholics and
addicts which unfortunately I have
plenty of experience being around them
you know that the only way they get out
two ways they get out but both of them
go through the bottom they hit the
bottom and they keep going and then they
just die and then they escape escape a
bad life apparently or they get to the
bottom and they decide to turn
themselves around but they have to get
bottom but if they don't hit bottom they
can't improve take for example North
Korea
North Korea looked like it was at its
worst point right before it went
aggressively to its best point right if
you were a trump supporter on election
morning things look worse than they
could possibly look yeah the the Access
Hollywood tape had recently dropped the
poll said he didn't have a chance it was
the darkest moment for the Trump
supporter right before he won and so you
can see lots of examples where it's it
seems doomed right before things improve
and it's not a coincidence
it's not just luck that we you get saved
at the last moment it's because the last
moment is so dire that things change
what happened with the children in cages
it used to be a little bit terrible
meaning that there were children in
cages and Obama administration but it
wasn't the worst they could get then the
number of families coming through
increased and it reached the worst it
could get the the people on the wrong
movie said my god it keeps getting worse
some children in cages under Obama more
children in cages under Trump and
therefore we must be heading toward full
concentration camps it seemed as dark as
it could get until the the media said
hey children in cages and the government
said whoa that's unacceptable to the
public we work for the public we're
going to change that now I think in that
story there was there's a resource
constraint that is always ignored so
nobody talks about the fact that
everybody wants kids and families to
stay together we just didn't have the
resources and the alternative was even
worse anyway don't want to get
sidetracked on that so here we find
ourselves in what looks like the worst
situation which is the the left is just
crazy you know angry emotional
they're beside themselves and you know
the right is literally afraid to go out
in public afraid to go out in public all
right I have I told you I have one
public appearance in my schedule for the
entire year and it's sort of a special
case but I'm worried about it I'm
worried about it and I'm thinking about
you know hiring security just in case so
my point is it seems like this is the
darkest time in society is going to
break apart I don't think so and here's
why because I think that for the people
in the Trump derangement syndrome there
are two forces that are happening one is
their movie keeps getting worse and
worse
while the country keeps getting better
and better so we're very close to the
following things happening very close to
having a good North Korea Isis hasn't
bothered us we haven't had a terrorist
attack you know thank goodness knock on
wood in the Trump administration I don't
think so correct me if I'm wrong we you
know the economy zooming jobs are good
and you know the big problem of course
is up for the people on the left is they
don't like the Supreme Court picks I
think that's going to be less of a
problem than they think
and there's another wild card which is
Iran Iran's economy is so anemic right
now and so so on the edge and their
their local population is getting so
restless that the odds of a good outcome
there meaning good for peace and I hope
good for Iran this is one of the it
isn't isn't the problem with Iran the
weirdest problem because correct me if
I'm wrong but Americans and even
Israelis I think what's best for the
Iranian people what do you say that's
almost universally true
there are very few people I don't know
anybody really who's got a problem with
Iranian people so we're at the the brink
of war with people we kind of like has
that ever happened before
I mean W have to sort of demonize each
other's people it's not enough to
demonize the government you know
everybody demonizes their government but
we kind of like each other
Iranians are kind of cool right the
people I don't know where you live if
you've had much much contact with people
from Iran I have I've had lots and to a
person they're awesome
they're you know obviously you can't
make a generalization that big about all
people but as a cultural statement
Iranians are pretty awesome people
that's my experience yeah so here's what
I think I think that while the the left
is in the depths of their hitting bottom
that they do have to hit bottom in other
words they're very close to bottoming
out and they're either going to have to
either kill themselves
we hope that doesn't happen or cause a
revolution to get the energy out or
change how they're thinking like an
alcoholic an ellika alcoholic situation
doesn't get better when they change
their mind that gets worse until it's so
bad that they can't live in their own
head anymore and they change the mind
and then they have a chance to get out
of it
the anti-trump person might have to hit
bottom and here's the optimism this
Supreme Court stuff and the children at
engages stuff it's gonna feel like the
bottom and the watching their own decide
go out and harass people is going to
look like the bottom as well
they still need an escape hatch you know
they need a fake because they need
something to look at where they can say
all right
I didn't like this but I'm gonna put up
with it just some escape hatch a mental
escape hatch and we don't see what that
would be yet but let me yeah well we'll
work on creating one if we get a good
result with Iran and I our trade
negotiations eventually start either
settling down or we get a good result or
even some improvement it's gonna be hard
to maintain the other story right now
we're I said the other day that if so I
think I said a week you know before we
knew about the Supreme Court change I
said that if Trump decided to
voluntarily just resign the job last
week he would already be the most
consequential president maybe ever you
know certainly in modern times but maybe
ever
yeah because of why he's already done
like he wouldn't have to do anything for
the rest of his term and if you just
added up the things he's done you know
North Korea I'm thinking trade
agreements will eventually settle down
or or be a little bit better for us at
minimum just that you know the stuff
he's done then he got another Supreme
Court pick now this one because it was a
swing vote is not as big as it could be
but the odds of him still being in
office when Ruth Bader Ginsburg decides
she's she's served her last were pretty
high so he's certainly going to be among
the most effective consequential
presidents of all time there's just no
way around that you might not like it
but there's no way around the fact that
he is getting what his supporters want
now so let me let me suggest a way out
now I think President Trump knows this
what I'm going to say because and I say
that he knows this
because I've said all along that his his
grasp of branding and persuasion is
extraordinary and so this is something
that would be somewhat obvious to him
and he may be waiting for the perfect
situation and the perfect situation is
he has to find something to do there
violates the left movie so aggressively
that they can't hold it anymore
in other words something that is so
unhip lura SH on begin did that you just
there's no way you can hold in your mind
any way that this could have happened
unless you were wrong over the whole
time now you might have said to yourself
okay when he did the the pardons of you
know the pardons of you know Jack
Johnson is that the right name and Alice
Alice whoever she was the grandmother
and you say to yourself well he's there
he is pardoning black folks that he
didn't need to just wasn't a reason but
those are sort of one offs right yeah so
imagine if the president did something
with prison reform that was just
unambiguously good for black people then
imagine that it's way too early to talk
about a pardon for Peter Strock we need
to hear we need to hear what everybody
has to say right but something as big as
that would be mind blowing imagine if
you will this is just a mental
experiment no matter what you think of
Peter struck and what he did or did not
do just imagine if you will that the
president says Trump derangement
syndrome is the cause of this and I'm
going to I'm going to help you get out
of it did we lose the connection here if
you lost the connection you might have
to get out get back in all right so I
think we're back
so imagine if you will that the
president says I'm gonna help you out of
Trump derangement syndrome you think I'm
a you know North Eric authoritarian
monster so I'm gonna do something that
shows you I'm not I'm gonna I'm gonna
understand that there that the country
went a little bit crazy and I'm gonna
you know I'm gonna give you a break for
that because it didn't look it didn't
look like people were operating in their
in their correct mind and it would be
consistent with his his entire approach
which is that the media the media is
brainwashing the people right
the president's problem with the media
is not that they're just fake news
that's not the problem
the problem is because they're fake news
it has brainwashed half the country into
thinking that a monster is running the
country and they're all in the media
danger he could be completely consistent
with his entire messaging by saying the
media has put you in a situation that's
no good for you it's no good for me and
it's no good for the country let me let
me let me break the bubble for you i
pardoned Peter strong now I'm not saying
he should pardon Peter stock this is
just an example but I'm talking about
something that would be as dramatic as
that that just couldn't be explained if
the other movie is true it just has to
violate that other movies so
aggressively somehow you know you have
to pick your right shot the Peter struck
they might not be the right shot but
somehow you've got a you've got to find
something
pardon Hillary I would you know but you
need you need her to be accused of
something that could stick before your
partner you were brainwashed Scott and
my brainwash
well those of you who say you don't see
him pardoning struck I agree with you I
think the odds of that are vanishingly
small so I use it just as an example of
how you need to break the bubble by
doing something so unexpected it
couldn't fit in that movie at all it
just breaks the poll but he's got to
pick his shots yeah and I wonder if the
president is actually talking about you
know urban I wonder how much you know
energy he's putting into a urban
revitalization and stuff by the way I
want to give you a little teaser a
little teaser those of you who are nice
enough to stay out here long enough I
want to get you thinking about a way you
can help the country and here it is
sometime soon maybe in the next few
weeks not sure about the timing I'm
gonna tell you where to go in terms of a
website to make suggestions for what to
do with the the urban blight that's been
cleared by Bill Paul tase blight
Authority urban blight Authority the
blight Authority I guess and so we've
got all these urban areas that have
cleared fields they used to have
run-down buildings filled with crime and
drugs and stuff and now they're they're
sort of green fields if you call it that
and what do you do with them like what
would be the best thing for the people
who are in these urban situations how do
you how do you approach this and the
most efficient best way to do it the
thing the thing that would be least
interesting would be to build high-end
housing and gentrify it you know some of
that might happen but I'd be looking for
more interesting ideas that directly
help the urban folks either get educated
to get jobs you know get trained have a
reasonable place to live
so I'd be looking for things like how do
you organize things how do you build you
know what methods what processes how do
you how do you put it in one
place so that you turn a bad situation
the urban situation into a better
situation so start thinking about that
as you're as you're scouring your
environment you may see things and say
oh that would be a good good technology
might be a way to inexpensively build it
might be a way to design the home that's
inexpensive and meets all your needs
might be a way to feed people
you've heard the the phrase of food
equality this is a big deal if you feed
people right you get better outcomes
than if they don't have the right
nutrition they literally act differently
depending on the nutrition so there are
a whole bunch of things that we could do
better and right and you know I like the
thought of the urban areas that are
hardest hit being the first to you know
get the advantages of our best thinking
because that's the only place you've got
a big empty field surrounded by a lot of
people that have a lot of needs
so I'll tell you more later not sure
exactly one but pretty soon where to
where to go and post those ideas or
pictures or suggestions and we'll just
start I call this the moth to flame
approach so we're going to create a
little flame which is bringing people's
attention to these opportunities in the
urban areas and we're going to attract
all the thoughts
they're probably companies already who
already are up and running that make
things that would be perfect for this
situation and they're invited to tell us
what your product is give us a link
let's see all the great ideas in one
place all right once we get them all in
one place everybody in that one place
will be able to see each other there may
be people who have money to invest and
they can list themselves there there may
be people who have an idea have already
built a inexpensive kind of home maybe a
tech company who wants to build
something as a showcase
maybe there's a you know an indoor farm
maybe there's somebody who wants to
build a you know a Elan musk you know
underground tunnel something maybe
there's a energy company that wants to
highlight an entire community that has
as close to zero energy use as possible
so think about all these things that
there are big companies people with
money who would like to try stuff at the
very same time that you have the best
possible situation for trying stuff
you're going to get a lot of attention
the land itself is going to be close to
free and available and it would be in
areas that have a lot of people around
because people are good alright so just
be thinking about this and I guarantee
you that your ideas if they're good will
get seen by the right people and you
could be part of the the idea portfolio
for taking a bite and of the urban
problem all right
I think that's about it for now I'm
going to leave you on that happy thought
but here's what I think I think that the
Summer of Love is still on at the same
time I think that the the bad feelings
are probably reaching their peak I don't
I don't think there's any chance it will
turn into a physical revolution for a
variety of reasons here are the reasons
one we are really well socialized in
this country for the constitution and
you know protecting the Republic so
there are our instincts and our
socialization you could call a
brainwashing if you want that would be
the negative way to say it it's so
strongly you know America as a country
that you would need a lot of leftist
complaining before anything changed
about this the solidness of the republic
so it I think we're very solid and the
second thing is that the people who have
you know the most power and the guns the
Republicans have shown absolutely no
inclination to use that use that kind of
firepower and I'm pretty sure that it
would take a lot to get anybody to
unholster
all right you're seeing the people the
people who have the guns on the right
are the people who are also the most
radical about when to not use them all
right they're pretty radical about gun
safety they're radical about keeping
their guns but they're just as radical
about you know training gun lock gun
safe don't take it out until you're
ready to kill somebody all right so I'm
not worried about the right losing it's
 because the right has pretty good
control of it right now I mean
let's say what you will about you know
both sides say what you will about gun
owners but there are very controlled by
choice set of people who understand the
power of the handgun or any gun they
understand the power of it which is
exactly why they're so aggressive about
keeping it locked up right there that
they're the they're the keep it locked
up group I think that the odds of this
turning turning ugly are actually very
very low so I would look for a bottoming
out this summer I hope and by the end of
the summer you may see see things going
so well that it just surprises you I
hope so and I'll talk to you later