hey restart the economy thanks for
joining
hello all of you caught him come on in
gather around grab a seat there's plenty
of room to sit on the floor yes it is a
nice haircut although I saw myself from
behind and apparently not so good in the
back but who cares you're not gonna see
the back of my head anyway
well many of you are here to enjoy a
little ceremony that you know as the
simultaneous simple yes first block of
the day goodbye
you'll be a lot more blocks on this one
today is going to be block of central
you'll enjoy it but first if you'd like
to enjoy the simultaneous if all you
need is what what do you need yeah
that's right you need to cover about
lots of tanker gels or sign the canteen
director flask a vessel of any kind fill
it with your favorite liquid I like
coffee and join me now for the
unparalleled pleasure that dopamine here
the day the thing that makes everything
better
it's called the simultaneous simp and it
happens now alright so so as you know
this thing we call reality isn't real
it's actually a giant simulation that
plays like a video game and apparently
there aren't that many real characters
so a lot of a lot of characters in this
R scenery and the reason that I know
that this is a simulation I just I just
realized it for sure this morning is why
is it that there are seven and a half
billion whatever billion people in the
world and every time there seems to be
like a national
or even international story somehow I'm
connected to it how does that happen
I mean seriously what are the odds that
the biggest stories of the world but so
often I'm connected to him like
personally connected to him it just
doesn't seem like it could possibly be
coincidence
so case in point this the read the
economic reopening committee what do
they call themselves the economic
reopening committee auditor they need a
new name but it turns out I know two or
three people on the committee and what
are the odds of that it's like the most
important thing that's happening out of
seven billion people and I know two that
I know of but maybe three people on the
committee the point being that we have a
channel if any of you have amazing ideas
I'd be happy to pass them along and you
can feel like you're connected to the
decision as well you blow my mind away
that's why I'm here that's why I'm here
all right
how do you win the simulation game well
I believe that you win the simulation
game by understanding the nature of your
reality and you do that by moving up you
know layers or challenges just like a
video game for example this week you
learned that when experts present a
model of predicted performance in the
future that it's not real and the second
block of the day and and so you moved up
a level so in the video game of life
once you realize the experts are only
trying to persuade you it doesn't mean
that they're dishonest or have bad
detentions but when they give you graphs
and charts and stuff those are just for
persuasion that's not some snapshot of
the future
because that's another thing nobody
knows what's gonna happen in the future
all right it's it's funny how many
people can get blocked for mind-reading
I've blocked seven or eight people
already this morning for actually
stating in public that they can read my
inner thoughts now if somebody read my
inner thoughts correctly
I wouldn't block you I'm not gonna block
you if you get it right but if you stay
in public Adams is just thinking this
because what he really wants us to eat
all the ice cream
well I don't eat ice cream so I'm gonna
block you for that all right
have you seen devs I don't know what
that is we will never be the same again
yeah we've never been the same ever so
we're always changing but yes it's true
it's changing faster all right so you
all wondered why Sweden is doing so well
actually their infection rate is kind of
high but not as high as you'd think it
would be given that they're not doing a
lot of distancing and haven't you been
wondering what is it about Sweden what
is it about Sweden that makes them not
have to do all the social distancing and
they're still getting you know not the
worst result the world what is it well
here's a hypothesis that I heard today I
think this is true came from an editor
at BuzzFeed so you can you know make
your own decisions but I think we could
check this and here's this statistic it
doesn't seem like it could be true but
I'll just put it out here that more than
50% of Swedish households have only one
person so it might be there's something
about Sweden where they have very small
households and that could be the entire
could be the entire explanation so
we think we understand what's going on
we probably don't so if you were saying
to yourself hey we should let everybody
go back to work in this country because
Sweden is doing something like that and
it's not so bad in Sweden it's not
overwhelming their Hospital so let's be
like Sweden can't really be like Sweden
we could try but can't be like Sweden
yeah Adams's to say this because he
wants all the door - deliveries that's
right
devs is about the simulation oh it says
show on Hulu oh yeah all right somebody
says 60% are in one-person households
that doesn't seem like it could be
possible a baby alright I still get
people on the internet who say things to
be fairly frequently almost everyday
this sounds something like this
Scott Scott Scott why don't you listen
to the experts listen to the doctors
you're just a cartoonist how could you
be right if you disagree with the
doctors and the experts and the funny
thing about that is that's a perfectly
reasonable thing to say I think I've
said it many times myself over the
course of my life I'll bet there are
plenty of times I've said you know Bob
you're uh you're a gas station attendant
you're not a neurosurgeon yeah and if
the neurosurgeon disagrees with you I'm
gonna go with a neurosurgeon if it's
about neurosurgery so I certainly
understand trusting experts over idiots
right I'm not saying that the gas
station attendant is an idiot I'm making
a general point that experts you should
believe them over people don't do
anything but should you believe the
experts over people who have
consistently and publicly
outperformed the experts right you've
fallen for the fake models and hysteria
block because what I've fallen for or
haven't first of all none of that ever
happened but if you think I've fallen
for something that's my internal
thoughts that you're interpreting again
you can't do that you don't actually
have mind-reading ability you could
observe that I say something but you
can't observe my inner thoughts that's
not actually a thing and it would be
hard to guess my inner thoughts because
they're somewhat non-standard if I do
say so so here's my point if there's
somebody who's a non-expert
who has a long public track record of
predicting things and being right more
often than the experts does it still
make sense to listen to the experts well
you're certainly gonna listen to him
yeah you wouldn't want to ignore them
but at what point and and how much of a
track record do I need of being right in
public publicly predicting things and
being right and when the experts are
wrong how much do I have to do it before
people will stop saying Scott here's our
higher power and I asked so I don't know
how much I have to do it but I think
I've demonstrated that I can detect BS
so I do not claim I have expertise that
is greater than the experts I certainly
don't believe that you know and I don't
believe that you should take any you
know any kind of a technical
recommendation from the cartoonist / an
expert what I'm saying is I do have a
really good nose for BS I did you know
as you know I I've been on a lot of
stories early and said no this was not
true and then you've watched them not be
true so you you watched me say let's
close the flights from China before the
experts before the experts and now they
agree with me you saw me say that masks
do help
before all the experts and that at least
the the ones who are talking in public
the CDC and kouchi and all those people
and who was right was it all the experts
no it was me it's not because I have
some kind of technical knowledge that I
picked up from the air and that I that I
could override the experts who have been
studying these things forever it's
simply that I can detect obvious BS if
it's obvious you don't have to be an
expert right if the best doctor in the
world comes in and says Scott Bigfoot
was in your kitchen
he's been rummaging through your your
groceries do you need to be an expert to
know that didn't happen I would argue I
would argue that's a perfect example of
where the non expert could be relied on
more than the expert because if the
expert says Bigfoot is in your kitchen
you don't have to do any research do you
do you have to do any research do you
have to look into it do you need to
google it do you need to go look into
your kitchen you don't have to do any of
that it's obvious the Bigfoot is not in
your kitchen so it doesn't matter how
qualified the expert is who says Bigfoot
absolutely is in your kitchen you're not
really comparing expertise you're
comparing one person who's good at
spotting obvious lies and one person
who's telling an obvious lie it's the
frame of expert versus not expert is
completely irrelevant to spotting
obvious lies alright so that's all so my
only claim is that I can tell an obvious
lie I don't make a claim that you should
listen to me over experts in some kind
of general way all right if we don't
hear a date for at least a partial or
proposed reopening even if assuming it's
a phased reopening if we don't feel any
kind of if we don't get a date by
tomorrow it could change you know
tentative date but I think tomorrow's as
far as I'm willing to go this is just my
personal opinion you'll all make your
own too
decisions my personal opinion is that
well today actually I'm going to start
breaking my social isolation today now
the reason I'm going to do it is because
nobody in empower has proposed a
workable plan and I think it's because
there isn't one I don't think it's a
failure of planning I think it's a
failure of there is no there's no path
so there's no path where everything
works out right if we wait for a vaccine
it's too long the therapeutics may or
may not slow things down but it's not
going to stop you from spreading it and
giving it to people you know maybe the
blood serum works but now there's a
report out of South Korea that 140
people got rid of the virus and then
later tested positive so it doesn't even
look like immunity is promising at this
point so our only choices are to slowly
stay home and slowly die or to go out
and risk what I think will be hundreds
of thousands of deaths that would be my
assumption I could be wrong I you know
nobody can predict this stuff right so
if you believe that I could predict it
well that's not a good that would be a
good opinion but don't believe anybody
else could predict it because you've
seen that people can't predict those
stuff however if you're looking at the
risk
yeah the risk is probably up to a
million people in this country alone and
my read of the public is were ready to
take that risk now we probably I'll talk
about I'll talk about Kennedy and Bill
Gates we'll get to that but I want to I
don't want to make you all mad first
because I'm gonna go on a blocking spree
once we get to that topic so just hold
on for that so there are no proposed or
known ways to thwart the virus we could
do I think you'll see lots of advances
in testing so that we could have
widespread testing and
test but given the virality of it and
how many months it will take to roll out
testing we can't really wait right
somebody says chloroquine works
perfectly I hear my confidence in the
hydroxychloroquine is dropping every day
so I would say that anecdotally is how
they kind of promising in the beginning
but here's what I fear is true it's been
quite a long while that they have been
testing this hydroxychloroquine and it's
something that you could definitely tell
is working in ten days because if it
doesn't work in ten days it doesn't work
and it's been multiple 10-day periods
with multiple trials now I heard that
there's one trial that's completed but
it hasn't been written up are you
kidding me are you kidding me
it just hasn't been written up do they
know if it works yeah they know they
know if it works they know if it didn't
do you think you would have already
heard about it if it worked
I hate to tell you but I think you would
have already heard about it if it worked
so the one test that I think will be the
first of maybe a series of them that are
more dependable you know a little bit
higher level of credibility and
scientific rigor the first one's done
and you haven't heard a rumor of how
it's going to go I think I think it's
because it doesn't work unfortunately I
think you know and this is a tentative
opinion and and I'm only basing it on
this specific fairly undependable factor
right so you know this is not a hundred
percent kind of a prediction
I'm starting to lean they'll say 6040
where if you'd asked me a month ago I
would have said 60% chance this
hydroxychloroquine is the real thing
because there's a lot of anecdotal
blahblah might not be scientifically
proven yet but I sure feels good
as of today I've got to reverse those
ratios still a solid 40% chance that
that helps so I'm not gonna say it
doesn't help I good 40% she has helps
but I would say the weight of evidence
because of how long we've waited to at
least hear the initial hints if there's
a major study it that's a valid type in
which they're waiting to write up the
results that means it didn't work I
think it's not what I want to be true
you know I really really don't want it
to be true but it feels like those tests
are effective to tell us what we walked
or we would have heard it already I just
think yeah just the way humans work we
wouldn't have heard about it already so
my suspicion is that some of the tests
are showing no results the
hydroxychloroquine and that's not the
news that people are anxious to give you
so might take a few weeks before we hear
that for sure so given all of the there
there are lots of things that could make
a difference but they're all too slow
you know how long it takes to ramp up to
massive testing I don't know what would
solve the problem I mean massive testing
could slow it down but it's not going to
stop 60 or 70% of the public from
getting this thing ultimately somebody
says you said they worked no it's I
don't know well how about if you hadn't
see Chris if you hadn't done the laughs
he faces
I wouldn't be blocking you now but I
just told you my entire thought process
I told you what I based it on before and
then it was a 60% chance it looked good
and I've told you what changed and that
that new information that we're not
hearing from these trials has changed my
opinion to 60/40 the other way why does
that earn me four hilarious laughing
icons after the sentence you said they
worked now it's I don't know
you said it worked about what I don't
know no no Chris I never said it worked
I said it looked good I said the odds
were good okay so at least have
something in your mind that's
approximately like in my opinion before
you criticize me for it all right
because that's again it's sort of mind
reading so Chris goes to the dustbin of
blocking history at the very least you
should be in the neighborhood as my
opinion if you're gonna be if you're
gonna be mocking alright here's the
thing you really wanted to talk about I
love you let's talk about the going back
to work so let me say again that I'm
just making your personal decision that
I'm going to start loosening my social
isolation starting today now part of it
is because I don't believe there's a
reasonable plan to keep me from getting
the virus so I could I could wait and
then get the virus later but I don't
have an option of not getting the virus
you know it's like a 70% chance if I
just live my life so here's the strategy
I plan to take independent of whatever
the economic reopening committee does
now of course yeah I'm going to be
supportive of that I'm sure you know I'd
like to be as supportive of that as
possible make sure that's a good plan
but I'm gonna make my own decisions and
I know all of you will and here's what I
think is my best plan and I want to be
really clear now I don't think any of
you should take my plan for your home
this is not a smart plan
it's just my plan it's not based on
expert opinions it's not based on good
judgment it's based on Who I am and what
I need to do alright so a lot of this is
it's just a personal decision right and
I've told you before that I might pull
the band-aid off kind of guy you know
and everybody is one of those two
personalities some people will delay
forever and you know wait for something
good to happen and maybe act later there
are people like me who say I'm not gonna
live in a world where I might get this
virus but I will live in the world where
I go out and get it right away well I'm
gonna pull the band-aid off
I don't want delayed pain anymore I'm no
longer willing to put up with delayed
risk or delayed pain I'm ripping the
band-aid off so for me and again I'm not
gonna do anything that would risk
infecting it if you don't worry I'm not
going to be reckless I'm just in small
ways I'll be you know loosening things
up in my personal life but at this point
I want to get the virus do not take my
example you should not do what I'm doing
okay
you really shouldn't I mean that's
seriously do not take my example but
here's the play I'm gonna make I've
heard and again this does not have
scientific backing in terms of a you
know credible I don't think there's any
kind of an a controlled test of this
scientifically but there's lots of
evidence this suggests anecdotally very
risky to use anecdotal information and I
totally that the amount of the load you
get of the virus initially has a big
difference on your outcome in other
words if you're in a cruise ship and
you're just breathing each other's fumes
you're just marinating in virus you're
gonna get real sick real fast and maybe
too sick too fast but if you got a
little whiff of the virus in it and it
starts burrowing into your body from
wherever you got it your own immune
system has a little bit of warning as I
can't what's that oh let's go let's get
ready guys and and just you know start
and start recovering so my strategy will
be this I will still do you know enough
social distancing in public I'll see
I'll still do the obvious stuff I'll
wear a mask
I'll do the basics but I no longer am
afraid of not getting it I'm now afraid
let me say this
I'm not afraid no I'm not afraid of
getting it anymore
that fear for being is gone now I'm
afraid of not getting it do you get the
difference now I'm afraid of not getting
it so I'm gonna go live my life and I'm
gonna do normal precautions because I
think that's good
for the benefit of society to keep you
know keep the hospitals you know under
capacity but my mindset about preventing
me from getting it just completely
reversed and I don't know if this is
just a personality thing in my life I
until I make a decision I haven't made a
decision but once I decide well I'm done
once I decide then I'm done yeah I've
told you that difference between wanting
and deciding right you you might want to
not get the virus but it doesn't help
you can want anything you want but the
virus has its own plan as well I have
now decided to get the virus I'm not
going to try to get it I'm not gonna go
lick something in public but I've
decided that that's the path that I
prefer and it's it's more of a sort of a
mental health trick it's not going to
change me doing good common-sense things
and washing my hands and stuff but I'm
no longer taking the mindset into into
the rest of my life
that my goal is to avoid it my goal is
not to avoid it my goal is to be exposed
eventually whatever it happens but to
get a light viral load so I'm going to
stay out of any kind of environment such
as the elevator I'm gonna I'm gonna stay
out of any you know tight room I'm not
gonna go shopping where there's a crowd
certainly not going to go anywhere where
this crowd for a long time but I would
like to I would like to get a little bit
exposed
because if the government doesn't have
another plan and we can't wait you have
to take the best plan you have right the
best plan you have is just what's
available you don't get nobody has the
magic plan if the magic plan worked the
one where you work for the will you way
from the magic cure you know if that
were two months or three months or even
if we knew it was coming
and we didn't know when but we know it's
coming I'd say maybe wait for that I'd
say maybe wait but I don't see anything
on the horizon that actually would stop
us all from getting it eventually no
matter how much you test the
therapeutics don't stop you from
spreading it the vaccine doesn't even
work all the time on all the people and
not everybody's gonna get it anyway
it's gonna be 18 months a year whatever
anyway let's talk about Bill Gates and
I'll give you some background first when
I was a young child I remember thinking
when I was very young I remember
thinking wait a minute I don't think
this Santa Claus thing holds up and I
forget what age I was I might have been
I know what whatever age kids figure out
what Santa Claus is is not real five or
whatever and I remember thinking you're
through and thinking you know I don't
see how you could fit all those presents
on a sled and given the average speed of
a flying sled and and our chimney
doesn't even have you can't even get
down our chimney it's just for
exhaustion and the doors are locked and
and none of this makes sense now if you
came to me and said Scott Scott explain
to me why you don't believe Santa Claus
would I give you my scientific argument
let's say as an adult let's say an adult
came to me and said Scott are you
serious
you don't believe in Santa Claus what
would be my wall would be my reaction
should I say well adult let me look it
this way oh well let's do the math let's
let's figure out
we'll speed let's do the volume of the
sled the volume of the edge would you do
that no no if an adult asked you as an
adult why you don't believe in Santa
Claus you would not get into the
argument because it's just so freaking
of yes the Santa Claus is not real if
you're an adult let me give you another
one
when when I was 11 I went to Methodist
Sunday School and Methodist Sunday
school is where you would go where you'd
be taught Bible stories and my parents
were not terribly religious but they
wanted us to be you know at least raised
and a little bit of that tradition so we
would go to the local Methodist school
and I was sitting in Sunday school aged
11 and the instructor it was some young
person who was teaching us about Jonah
and the Whale and how the
there was a large fish that swallowed up
Jonah but then I don't know several days
later after praying the fish spit him up
and he was fine and I'm sitting there at
11 years old in the sunday school and
I'm thinking really really you're
telling me that a big old fish I think
they called it a whale but maybe fish
was around big old fish whale swallowed
a human he lives in that whale stomach
without the benefit of air there was no
bad impact from the stomach juices the
digestive tract of the whale and then he
got spit back up by magic and he was
fine and that same day I called a
meeting with my mother and I said mom I
don't know how to tell you this this is
this true story by the way I don't know
how to tell you this but the things
we're learning in Sunday school these
are real you don't really believe these
things do you mom and to her credit and
and then I said to her and I will be
discontinued
by Sunday school education starting
today I didn't say it quite as adult
wise but I said it as I said it as
resolutely as I'm saying it now I
remember even at 11 years old you'd have
to understand you'd have to understand
my parents to know that this is a real
thing
this wouldn't work with your parents it
wouldn't work with you as a parent but
trust me
this worked with me and my parents and I
just said so I won't be going back to
Sunday school because now you know I
told it I did what you wanted I gave it
a good try but it's obvious to me that
the stories are just made up and I don't
see the points and my mother said to me
very well it was never discussed again
that was the last day I had to go to
Sunday school now I believe my siblings
had to go a few for a little bit longer
until they sort of rebelled I don't
remember their their exact plans my
brother can remind me Alaska planner but
so at age 11 and I'm not going to talk
UN if your religion I'm just gonna say
that that specific story about the fish
in Jonah seemed clearly unreal if you
were to ask me as an adult to defend in
my opinion on that I would say not gonna
because big fish eats person spits a
male whole days later that's not an
argument that's not really a debate if
you can't see that that's not real
without the benefit of the discussion
about it I don't think I'm gonna change
your mind
years go by there's this thing called
professional wrestling and when I was a
kid it wasn't it wasn't explicit that
it's just acting and I would watch all
my peers watching wrestling and I would
say are you saying are you seeing the
same thing I'm seeing because to me that
wrestling is obviously all acting
and I would look at my peers the kids
and they would say no it isn't look
there's blood you know look at that they
couldn't possibly be acting and I would
say to myself you know I I can't really
argue the fine points of this because
this is just Santa Claus all over again
this is just Jonah being eaten by a fish
I don't really need to argue the details
just look at it it's obviously acting
and my peers said no I don't see it I
don't see it and of course now we know
it was and I remember watching the Jerry
Springer Show do you remember the Jerry
Springer Show and I watched the Jerry
Springer Show and every single episode
the guests would get into a fight but it
was a weird kind of fight in which
nobody ever got really hurt and the
first several times I thought well you
know people are saying other people
fighting them they've just decided that
you know they'll do it too because they
got some attention but I kept watching
show after show and nobody got hurt
and it became increasingly clear that
they were being coached to do fake
fights and I would tell people you know
this isn't real they're you know these
are real gasps but they've obviously
been coached that they can do this and
there will be somebody to pull them
apart and nobody's going to get hurt and
am i right
people argued with me and they say Scott
you can't just look at it and know it's
fake you can't tell it's fake just by
looking at it to which I said yeah you
can just look at it just look at it if
you can't tell that's fake are you
serious you can look at Jerry Springer
and not know those are fake fights
you can look at professional wrestling
back to the day and you can't tell
that's fake you can you can look at
Santa Claus you don't know that's not
real Easter Bunny Tooth Fairy do you
need the argument you don't really need
the argument they're just obviously not
true likewise I went through the phase
of you know Bigfoot and Loch Ness
monster and I told myself
well maybe maybe but you know as time
goes by and the evidence all falls apart
it's obvious that Bigfoot's not real if
there's any kind of big fish in the Loch
maybe but it's not a Loch Ness monster
and that brings us to Bill Gates and the
many rumors of his secret goal to reduce
the population of Earth through eugenics
Edie
I've been going down the rabbit hole of
reading all the accusations about Bill
Gates and they fall into these
categories number one mind-reading
why do I say that well let me give you
an example from Robert F Kennedy jr.
this is a I believe this is a tweet of
his but it's a quote from him April 10th
and Robert Kennedy jr. says public
health advocates around the world accuse
Gates who are these people
they're not named okay but they're
around the world and they're accusing
gates now that doesn't mean it's true
right these are just accusations but
keep on going of steering the World
Health Organization's agenda away from
projects proven to curb infectious
diseases including clean water hygiene
nutrition and economic development that
serves gaits philosophy oh and then
Gates is serving his own philosophy the
good health only comes from a syringe so
this is Robert F Kennedy reading Bill
Gates's mind because Bill Gates never
said wouldn't you say Bill Gates never
said good health only comes from a
syringe do you think he ever said that
do you think he's ever suggested that do
you think that Bill Gates doesn't think
that clean water and hygiene and
nutrition are important really because
he's developing toilets for Africa to
fix those problems one of his biggest
projects is fixing exactly the problem
hygiene clean water nutrition separate
but he's working I'm sure he's working
on that too
so Bill Gates one of the most famous
people in the world doing the most
anybody has ever done that I've even
heard of working on hygiene and clean
water because they're related because
the the the waste in some African
country is an undeveloped country as
goes into the water supply so if he
infects the hygiene with a good toilet
then you also clean the water at the
same time Bill Gates is literally one of
the world's most involved effective
people on the very thing in in public
there there's a Netflix special Bill
Gates doing exactly the thing that
Robert F Kennedy jr. says he's
de-emphasizing he de-emphasizing there's
a Netflix special on it how do you do
sighs something that there's a Netflix
special on and then he goes on and you
think and he says that Bill Gates
philosophy is that good health only
comes from a syringe now let me ask you
is that something you need to do
research on do you need to research and
Google to determine whether it's true or
false this claim from Robert Kennedy who
is apparently a idiot let's let's
you know by the way I had this opinion
before this from from other situations I
had suspected that Robert F Kennedy was
an idiot and I said this confirms it in
my mind but you don't need to do
research to find out that Bill Gates
does not have a philosophy the good
health only comes from a syringe really
this is this is pure Bigfoot material
robert f kennedy says this in public i
mean it's this is crazy this is crazy
talk all right let's go the rest the
other so the first category is
mind-reading and that was my first
example so if your belief about Bill
Bill Gates evilness comes from what you
believe he's thinking about eugenics or
what you believe he's thinking about
syringes
health that's not good thinking let's go
down to the next one next one is guilt
by association
there are many photographs of latter now
many but there are photographs of Bill
Gates with Jeffrey Epstein it is well
documented that they have been in the
same place been photographed together
knew each other and indeed Bill Gates
I believe he's even flown on Epstein's
plane so therefore guilty right not only
that but apparently Bill Gates has also
been associated with this Abramovich
woman who's been accused of satanic
things so there there you have it right
guilty he's guilty what could be more
obvious than he is spend time with
people who have done things that in one
case we know Epstein did bad things
Abramovich that's more of a murky
situation but you're convinced right
they spent time together did I not just
open up this this periscope by telling
you that I personally know two or three
people on this economic reopening
committee now what are the odds of that
the odds as somebody said earlier in the
comments the odds were pretty good
because I'm a public figure if you're a
public figure have you ever been
photographed with or spent significant
time with people who you found out later
were serious criminals or even were
criminals at the time I have I have
spent time with some of the worst people
on the planet Earth in fact I've had a
serial pedophile in my home as a friend
numerous times a serial convicted
pedophile in my home personal personal
friend sounds bad right except I didn't
know it at the time do you think I knew
it no
I didn't know it I think you went to
jail for 15 years soon after I didn't
know he was this pedophile I didn't know
he was a serial pedophile right I
wouldn't have the room at home if he was
a serial pedophile but if you look at
the other world of rich and famous
people here's the context that you need
to know Jeffrey Epstein was one of these
people who was a social connector so
Jeffrey Epstein knew everybody famous if
you took all the pictures of famous
people who have been on his plane stood
next to him he met he knows as in his
phonebook it would be you know like half
of the people you've heard of he was a
connector when people connect with you
at say this high level you often say to
yourself well I don't know much about
this person but this person is the
connection to this other person so it is
quite common among you know the higher
levels of rich people of which I I do
get a you know a glimpse of that world
fairly often it is very common that
people connect independent of what they
think of each other independent or
whether they think you're a crook
independent of whether they think you'll
go to jail someday independent of
whether you're a democrat or republican
is socialist or capitalist at the
highest levels you would find dogs and
cats sleeping with each other all over
the place right the thing you don't
think is true is that people with
opposite feelings who should hate each
other
you think that they don't they don't
associate but you're completely wrong at
the highest you know sort of the the
rich level of people they all associate
they all associate and there isn't that
much distinction between the the worst
of them and the best of them in terms of
whether they're connected whether
they've ever been to each other's houses
whether they've been in each other's
planes so if you see out of context a
picture of a
famous pedophile and he's standing next
to somebody else you know of course it
should raise a red flag I agree with
that of course it should raise the flag
you like whatever what are these two do
it in that picture together you don't
think I have pictures of me standing
with horrible people seriously do you
know how many pictures there must be I
can't think of anybody in particular
awful offhand but don't you think there
are plenty of public pictures of me
standing with murderers and God knows
what
of course I've taken my picture with
thousands of people and some of them are
bad I know that
have I ever intentionally spent time
with people that I knew to have horrible
horrible things in their background the
answer is yes and I will continue to do
so I I write without restriction to
associate with anyone and if you're
blaming people by association that's not
rational it's not rational and it might
be that you just don't understand how
normal it is for the worst people in the
world to associate it with people or not
it's so common that it doesn't mean
anything
I remember that Epstein and Bill Gates
were both in sort of a money finding
world where they were sort of working on
these high levels where people were
giving money and getting money and
donating money and moving money and so
it shouldn't be a big surprise that
there are paths crossed but it doesn't
mean much more than that all right
here's the other thing that people miss
if you only hear one side of a story
it's always convincing so yesterday
somebody said here's this anti Bill
Gates video showing that he's somehow
tied in a straight line from Adolf
Hitler through the eugenics and the you
know the eugenics movement and Planned
Parenthood and and there's Bill Gates
and it's all it's all connected and
therefore
he's basically Hitler and I look at this
video and I say totally totally
convincing so the person who said it
would like to know whether the video was
convincing absolutely totally convincing
you know what else is convincing every
video that doesn't show you the other
side if you think that watching the
video is convincing well you're an idiot
you're an idiot well I think that too so
that part I'm an idiot too so we're both
idiots because we both watch the video
and we say yeah that looks totally
persuasive but you haven't seen his side
what happens when you see the other side
well most of the time the first story
just falls apart so if you keep making a
decision on Bill Gates because you saw
this video on the internet that made a
really solid argument you're not very
smart because the internet is full of
videos that aren't real that make just
as good arguments because they all have
the same quality you're not seeing the
other side the moment you see the other
side is going to fall apart so so that's
the other so you got your mind readers
who are just literally making up stuff
and assigning it to Bill Gates
ridiculous stuff as if he has a
philosophy that good health only comes
from a syringe I mean that's ridiculous
on the surface right you don't have to
dig into that quotes out of context
that's the next one so there are a bunch
of quotes where Bill Gates is talking
about population control there's one
where he's predicting that there'll be a
coronavirus what does any of that mean
nothing nothing it doesn't mean anything
none of that means anything
look quotes taken out of context are
only that they should not convince you
of anything if you see a quote from Bill
Gates or anyone else and it's out of
context it looks really evil it's almost
certainly not true almost certainly and
if it's true meaning that the quote
we happened is just out of context so
today in fact Steve Cortez was tweeting
around reminding us that Joe Biden's
campaign was launched on the fine people
hoax do you know how many people believe
and believed that President Trump stood
in front of the public and said that the
Nazis and charlottesville were fine
people a lot of people believe that
because if you take one part of his
quote in a context which is what they
did it looks exactly like that and all
the people who saw that in the context
did they say to themselves well I'd
better wait because this might be out of
context no they said it's obvious they
said I'm looking at it with my own eyes
Scott he said it he said it look at it
listen to it open your ears Scott use
your eyes read the context or read the
transcript Trump said those Nazis were
fine people how can you doubt it it's
all here unless you actually look at the
transcript and find out it's just taken
out of context and it says literally the
opposite of that so quotes out of
context should give you you should count
them as zero usefulness exactly zero
right not aa
it might be if you see a quote from a
famous person that just looks really
evil the wrong way to think of it as
well it might not be true but it
wouldn't probably wouldn't be here if it
wasn't you know probably true no it's
the opposite a quote out of context by a
famous person is almost always wrong
it's almost always just propagate though
you should assume that that's true all
right so you got your mind-reading
you've got the one side of the story
videos that are always useless
you've got the quotes out of context
which are always of zero value zero not
even a little bit and then you've got
guilt by association because you knew he
knows people that you don't like and
have in some cases have been
demonstrated to have done horrible
things
these are this is sort of it this is the
argument now people have asked me Scott
can you prove that none of this is true
and of course you can't prove that
things are not true
so I'm going to take this back all the
way back to Santa Claus if you're
tweeting that this sort of conspiracy
crap about Bill Gates this is Santa
Claus
well it's Jonah professional wrist
wrestling Jerry Springer fine people
hoax this is the yes
 do not insult me by asking me
to detail my argument of why Santa Claus
is not a real I'm not going to detail my
argument about white people can't live
in a fish's belly for three days I'm not
going to detail my argument about why
wrestling is acting I'm not gonna I'm
gonna not going to give you my argument
by about why all the reality shows on TV
or at least a little bit of scripted you
know maybe maybe the producers give them
a little nudge if you know what I mean
I'm not gonna give you an argument for
that it's obviously not true right
somebody says what about gates
supporting the World Health Organization
that's now that's a good question all
right so I'm gonna give credit where
credit is due so somebody in the
comments says that Bill Gates and thus
part's true and demonstrated you can all
see it for yourself Bill Gates
Bill Gates even today is saying that the
World Health Organization is important
and should be maintained so what about
that what about it what about that
what's your point
because do you know who else thinks the
World Health Organization should remain
in business everybody everybody
so Bill Gates has the same opinion as
everybody that the World Health
Organization would be good to maintain
what is President Trump think about the
world organization same thing same thing
if you were to talk privately to
President Trump and of course I can't
read his mind but just do do a sanity
check do you think the president as his
first choice is that the World Health
Organization disappear completely does
anybody think that's president Trump's
first choice do you know you don't think
that you know because you've been
watching President Trump for enough
years then he's a negotiator and his
opening offer is the whole World Health
Organization is going to go away because
I pulled off my funding that's the risk
remember he didn't even say is pulling
away the funding he said he's holding
the funding until they do the the
research into what happened
don't you think President Trump would be
happier with replacing the leadership
and having more influence over the World
Health Organization don't you think the
president Trump would be happier with
just a leadership change because the
World Health Organization does actual
real things
Bill Gates knows that everybody knows it
right so if you think that Bill Gates
and Trump disagree on the World Health
Organization you haven't been paying
attention they aren't exactly the same
page did you see Bill Gates say I have
complete and total confidence and the
leadership of the World Health
Organization no no and by the way if you
do see that then I would like to change
everything I just said and I will agree
with you that Bill Gates is a malign
influence on the world and must be
stopped
let's just let's make it easy if ever
you see Bill Gates and by the way I've
even looked so I'm gonna make this I'm
gonna make this assumption without even
looking without even checking first
if you see Bill Gates say that he has
complete confidence in the head of the
World Health Organization and that they
did a good job recently on this
coronavirus if he says that well I'll
take your opinion and I will just say
yeah god I guess you were right I didn't
realize Bill Gates is just evil but but
it's got to be that if the only thing
you hear is Bill Gates saying that the
organization is important especially in
a time of pandemic then that's the same
opinion as Trump
don't try to don't try to pretend those
are different opinions one is
negotiating and the other is just
describing Bill Gates is just describing
World Health Organization they do a lot
of good things if he talks about the
leadership being excellent well then
 him right can we agree on that if
you see Bill Gates agreeing with the
leadership of who well we're dead we're
done with them
can we all agree that if he does that we
will collectively and I will be on your
side
we will never listen to him again and we
will try to shun him from all future
public activities if he does that he's
not gonna do that he's not all right so
on Twitter I'll be blocking all the
people who still think we still believe
these Santa Claus stories about Bill
Gates now I'm not going to tell you that
Bill Gates has never made mistakes
there's there's at least one story in
which some vaccines he was involved with
probably hurt some people if you heard
his side of the story I believe you
would probably understand it in a
different light but it may also be true
that people who test new medical
solutions they probably hurt people some
of them probably die but of course a
little point of it is that you hope to
save more people in the long run than
died you know you're blaming Bill Gates
for eugenics as he works every day and
dedicates his fortune to helping more
people in Africa
live and he is literally working
everyday to keep people alive in Africa
and you fricking idiots want to tear him
down and I gotta say I take it a little
bit personally because what the stuff
that Bill Gates is at least attempting
to do and I think has done are of such
monumental at least potential importance
that when I watch people trying to stop
him because they believe in Santa Claus
and Bigfoot I angry about it because I
would like the people in Africa to have
a better life and I think stopping Bill
Gates from making that happen or at
least attempting to make that happen is
one of the biggest mistakes in the
history of mistakes Oh somebody says you
light my soul today you know I needed
that thank you thank you because I you
know I didn't feel like I certainly
didn't feel like I was lighting
anybody's sold today I felt like I was
just being angry and critical so the the
fact that you were getting something
positive end of this actually makes me
really happy because I didn't feel like
I was rising to the challenge today
frankly so I'll block the people who
you're the same Claus believers
how many people died mmm
I don't have a real number on that but
it's too many you can see I take your
person I do take you personally I do
take you personally if somebody's tried
to stop somebody from saving billions of
souls in Africa I think it personally
yeah yeah if you're if you're doing
something that will could kill millions
yeah I take that personally as a citizen
of Earth donate your money and get out
of the way
okay I will block you for that opinion
this is helpful oh so some of you
appreciated this and I appreciate that
you're telling me because I actually
didn't know gates has been a cutthroat
opportunist his whole career Gates has
been a yeah I would say a cutthroat to
capitalist but his plan always had been
and he's executing it is to move from
cutthroat capitalist to most effective
philanthropists so I wouldn't say his
whole career sad okay ask questions
about important people who told you you
can ask questions about important people
how many lived Oh in terms of the
vaccinations well I think it was a
vaccination trial so I don't know if
it's saving anybody's life but at least
allegedly there was some damage there
Trump also wants the World Health
Organization to stay of course he does
of course he does
who who actually doubted that that's
crazy
Gates already controls well Gates is
puts in a little over a billion and the
United States put in a lot more than
that or did we did we put in millions or
billions did Gates put in more money
than we did to the World Health
Organization I actually don't know the
answer that Scott wants the world
vaccinated so his weak immune system can
persist mind reader's get blocked you're
always going to get blocked if you say
Scott thinks you know any sentence that
comes after that Scott thinks that X
probably going to get blocked do you
think Texas Florida California should
open up
yes I do
you know yesterday I told myself you
know if any stores are open aside from
grocery stores I I've decided that I
will frequent them in other words if I
could walk to Starbucks today I can't
because it's closed but if I could I
would start today so my personal
decision is that I'm coming out of
isolation carefully carefully but if any
local businesses want to open up I will
give you some business I can only speak
for myself and I don't even recommend
what you do I'm only speaking for myself
what about Bigfoot the michigan governor
thoughts well yes so here's my thoughts
about the michigan governor and i will
generalize this to what i think should
be done you saw me put together a
checklist the other day i tweeted it
around it was sort of a framework or a
format of how to think about going back
to work
and the way i think that it can work and
really the only way it's for the
government to let the the individuals
make their own individual decisions but
it informed so for example we should
have a website and there's a checklist
and any citizen can go out there say
okay over sixty mayo i have these
conditions i i can size socially isolate
at work i have to commute in a group you
know and all those things so we we
probably have 15 different factors from
what zip code are you in you know which
will tell you if your hospitals are
impacted etc so the government could
fairly easily build a checklist and then
you fill in your checklist and say okay
all these apply to me and then it spits
out a score now let's say your score
says you can safely go back to work as
long as you're careful you know still do
the mask and distancing or whatever and
then let's say you get a score this too
low and your score is like below the
limit and it's too risky should the
government be able to tell you not to go
to work
because some number plopped out in this
thing this set is too risky for you and
the answer is no because America right
the government can tell me what my risk
is the government can't tell me not to
take a risk doesn't have that right and
you know while we all I think we all
respect with or without the benefit of
constitutional support I think we all
respect the basic concept that in an
emergency as long as your government
seems to be acting let's say
respectively respectfully and rationally
you do want to let them make decisions
and sort of take the lead in an
emergency it just makes sense but as
time goes by if the government is not
performing in a way that you need as a
citizen you dig it you do get to take
your power back all right and we're at
that point so I'm taking my power back
as of today now I don't have any option
about going and shopping at my local
stores because they're not opened but I
can make my own decisions today
and I've decided that the that the the
isolation in terms of staying home is
over for me today so today will be my
last day of being as careful as I have
been I'll still be careful I'm not going
to be crazy right don't be crazy you
know stay safe but it's time to get back
to work so I think we need to have some
kind of a checklist from the government
and then people need to make their own
decisions so tying this back to the
question about the Michigan governor
here's what she did wrong
she micro managed that's it so the
Michigan governor did not say these
things are risky and these things are
not use your judgment she said you can't
go in the part of the store that has the
the vegetable seeds you know the garden
seeds and the people said you know I
might need to grow some vegetables and
and if you
are preventing me from growing my own
food in my backyard during what you know
some people might be worried about a
food shortage then I think the
government has lost credibility because
there's a level of micromanaging that
everybody recognizes as too much and she
found it so she found that level that
was just too much because people should
be able to buy farming equipment if
we're turning into an agrarian society
you know whether we like it or not
I heard the the most interesting thing
on Concord last night I love it when I
hear something that I'm positive I
understand a situation and then you hear
something that just blows your frickin
mind and you go alright alright I guess
I can be that wrong and here it is you
heard that in some states liquor stores
were considered essential services you
know and what was your first reaction to
that are you freaking kidding me are you
kidding me a liquor store is an
essential service that's craziness did
somebody get bribed what right didn't
you all have that feeling and then you
heard that you know you could go to the
liquor store but you couldn't go to
church even if even if you were in your
car you didn't even get out of your car
you can't go to church
you said yourself well this is insanity
well I think the church thing was
overdone but not the liquor store
decision and I heard so Tucker had that
I guess was a governor on and he
explained why the liquor stores were
essential business and if you haven't
already figured this out it's gonna blow
your mind
here's why because there are so many
alcoholics you see it if you're an
alcoholic
and you're not in actually a you know a
recovery program and maybe you've got
some medical assistance maybe your
tapering off or whatever you're doing if
you're not well tapering probably
doesn't work but if you're not in some
kind of a controlled detox
situation is deadly it's it's medically
deadly so the worst thing in the world
with would be that 10% of our population
are alcoholics but they're functional
most of them so most people are just
functional alcoholics what would happen
if they couldn't get alcohol they would
steal right they would rob a freaking
store I mean not all of them but you
don't want you don't want 10% of your
public on the ground shaking and
incapable of you know of functioning so
isn't that a complete like mind spinner
that the first time you heard liquor
stores are essential you said that's
just that's just crazy but then you hear
oh yeah 10% of our public are alcoholics
and for that it's actually medically
required in the short run in the long
run it would be better of course to to
find some way to get off it but in the
short run it's actually medically
required and the governor to his credit
I forget which governor it was New
Jersey I think the governor to his
credit explained it and said we went to
the experts and we said experts quit can
we close all the liquor stores and the
experts the experts said whoa you don't
do that it'll be it'll be a disaster
that you don't see coming because
they're experts and I think they're
right on own so I don't always disagree
with the experts but when the experts
say something that is so plainly
obviously true well then I do than I do
so here's a perfect example remember
when I said that you can't believe
anything about Bill Gates if all you saw
was one side how long did you only see
the one side of the liquor store story
and were you not totally convinced that
there was nothing else to do how could
it be how could there be another side
right how could there be an other side
to the story that liquor stores are
essential like you didn't eat you didn't
see that coming did you but but keep
that one in your mind
remember the liquor store example as
your way of reminding yourself in the
future that if you've only seen one side
you don't know anything it's a real good
discipline to have alright I've talked
too long I'm gonna go down and do
something else and I will talk to you
tonight
you know when