boom-boom boom-boom-boom pom pom pom pom
pom pom pom pom pom pom hey there red
bill and the rest of you come on in take
a chair unless you're working out I know
some of you are in the gym or or taking
it rather than the beach right now
and you two should pay attention because
today is a very newsy day it's so newsy
you might need extra coffee luckily you
came to the right place because this is
breakfast no this is coffee with Scott
Adams I forgot who I was there for a
moment or where I was or what I was
doing
that's how much news there is join me
now lift your cup your mug your chalice
your time and join me for the
simultaneous enter so we've got a lot of
news let's talk about it in a reverse
order let's talk about North Korea first
so unless you've been living under a
rock for the last four or five hours you
know that the president has decided to
end early the talks with North Korea and
leave with nothing new no new agreements
is it a horrible failure a mark on his
legacy
ay-ay-ay confirmation that he was he was
never the right person for the job is it
that well let's talk about it let's talk
about the context the situation here's
what we know let me put this back a
little bit yeah that's better
so we are watching the cohen testimony
and what was the news saying all day
yesterday about the the juxtaposition of
North Korea and the Kohen testimony so
the news was the news was reporting it
as if Trump needed desperately to have
something happened in North Korea to
compensate for all the badness that was
happening with Cowen now we'll talk
about Cohen in a moment but under those
conditions should it trumpet have made a
deal nope nope now the the only deal
that Trump could have made under that
backdrop of the news saying you're just
trying to do this to distract because
that was the setup no deal was possible
in fact making a pretty good deal would
have been a failure because anything
that we did that was we give you a
little you give us a little any kind of
thing that looked like a deal where both
sides gave something would have been
called a huge failure that never would
have happened if Cohen hadn't been
testifying the president desperately
needed to make a deal that he didn't
need to make and so the press the enemy
of the people made it impossible to
reach a deal that had any kind of
give-and-take now I don't know if a deal
was possible anyway so it might make no
difference at all but it wasn't really a
wise thing to do to make a deal under
those conditions unless the deal was so
one-sided that even critics couldn't
complain but she knew that wasn't going
to happen
nobody said president's going to go over
there
Kim will give him everything Trump will
give him nothing and that will be the
deal nobody said that so without that
possibility the president only
in lose-lose scenario he could not make
a deal
or he could make any kind of a deal that
had a little give and take on both sides
which would be framed as a failure
because everybody would say you gave a
little my god you had your foot on their
neck the sanctions were on why did you
give them anything that's a terrible
idea you lost and it's only because you
were trying to compensate for Cohen so
the u.s. press in this example very
clearly the enemy of the people created
a situation where the president couldn't
do his job to protect the people that's
that really happened and so we're not
talking about fun and games anymore just
you know we're not talking about hey the
news got a factor over there a little
bias now we're actually talking about
them destroying the planet now as it
come to that but you can see the
potential that their their influence is
so aligned is that the word I keep
hearing on TV lately I
I never think that's the right word but
what I hear it I say that's a good word
maybe I'll use that something their
influence is so malign sounds like you
should be malignant but I hear people
and who sounds smart saying that word so
maybe that's maybe that's the right use
don't take my word for that all right
now secondly president Trump this is
more context President Trump wrote a
book about walking away from deals that
are not as good as what you want seeing
a lot of people say it's the wrong word
I thought it was the wrong word too but
I keep saying seeing smart people saying
maligne instead of malignant alright
well we'll figure that out later
anyway President Trump is literally
famous for and it's his brand and he
says it often I walk away from the deal
that's you know not good enough
so should we have been surprised that he
walked away from a deal no do you know
what would have been surprising making a
deal no making a deal would be the
surprising part because he has time on
his side that's that's the predictive
element
whoever has time on their side in other
words the stronger negotiating position
tends to walk away because they know the
other side needs it more than they do
and right now so long as North Korea
seems to be we think intent on not
ramping up their testing times on our
side
trump has turned a potential enemy into
a friend sort of and friends are not
dangerous friends with some nukes
they're not testing just not especially
dangerous and they need us far more than
we need them because the president has
done a tremendous job I think in
painting this alternate universe where
North Korea becomes a powerhouse
economic you know entity so here's the
story that I haven't seen yet in the
news yeah have you seen this in the news
Kim jong-un came all the way to Vietnam
and went home with nothing
think about that Kevin came all the way
to Vietnam and went home to his starving
country that is you know it's crumbling
by the minute one assumes they're not
going in a positive direction are they I
mean I don't know but I would think that
every day is worse than the day before
so yeah he came all the way here on the
train spend all this money in fact how
much do you think it cost Kim just to
come here or to come to Vietnam it was
probably really expensive how much money
did North Korea have sitting around for
stuff like that probably not a lot it
probably took
a big bite out of Kim's budget just to
show up in Vietnam with all the security
and everything else so I don't think I
haven't seen any reporting on this but
even though Kim is a you know a dictator
with full control of his country I have
to think that when he returns
empty-handed to a starving country his
regime is less stable would you agree
with that because what didn't happen and
this is the other smart part of what
Trump is doing here what didn't happen
is that they left as enemies they didn't
leave his enemies they left as better
friends than before the meeting and
Trump is doing this in a fairly genius
way and that he's for the I just haven't
seen this done before I'm no historian
but I haven't seen it done is that he's
treating the individual as a separate
decision from from the politics and from
the you know the the countries and he's
made it very clear that he has an
affectionate personal relationship with
the leader so Kim Kim go back and say to
him hew United States damn you evil
Trump I'm gonna I'm gonna start testing
those nukes right away well that
wouldn't make sense that would be the
worst thing he could do wouldn't it so
somehow now somehow in in a smart way I
guess
president Trump has created a situation
where time is on our side because we've
already converted an enemy into some
somewhat of a friend and if they
continued not testing which would be the
smart thing for them to do is to
continue not testing if they had done
that yeah if they continued not testing
we just wait we you know take a little
take a little bite out of it every once
in a while just keep nudging things in
that direct
and here's the other factor that puts
time on Trump's side while there is big
level of negotiations between the
leaders fact-checked me on this but I
believe this is true that North and
South Korea are having continuous
low-level engagements in other words
they're they're doing smaller things to
increase maybe travel and conversation
and and just communication north and
south let me ask you this how long can
the Kim regime remain if communication
improves with South Korea not long not
long right
when the North Koreans get a legitimate
taste of what's happening in South Korea
the regime will fall so again time is on
Trump's side as long as he's keeps Kim
as a friend as long as he's holding out
a legitimate and I think it's a
believable because it's true a
believable carrot meaning the economic
development the end of hostilities keeps
you know Kim stays in power presumably
nobody's talking about him leaving power
it puts Trump completely in the driver's
seat here it's just that it's going to
take a while and he doesn't need to
hurry there's no reason for Trump to
hurry he has no reason in fact hurrying
would have been the worst thing that
Trump could have done because any kind
of deal would have been would have been
reported as a failure because of Cohen
that was the context you it was a setup
so that anything that Trump did with a
negotiated give-and-take would be
painted as a failure because he was
desperate to get the deal he was
desperate so by walking away early but
politely this is a polite walk away
right
but it's a walkaway it's polite it's
respectful it maintains friends
it puts time on our side between the
information flow between South and North
Korea that is essentially a ticking time
bomb for Kim
he can't allow communication and I don't
think he can stop it at this point
because as long as there are people in
the North in the South were talking and
they know each other stuffs gonna happen
you know communication is gonna get
through so should we be upset that no
deal was reached I'll tell you what if I
hate that and it has Freitas I'll tell
you what one of the things that Trump
could easily have given because it's
easy to take it back is signing some
kind of an end to the war and even that
doesn't sound like it was likely to have
happened order or closed so it looks
like that whole end of the war thing
even we we didn't even want to give that
I was speculating that that would be the
easiest thing to do the easiest thing to
do would be to sign a piece of paper
that says that the the war's over it's
that's the end of the official war
because that wouldn't really change
anything that would not require us to
remove our troops it wouldn't require
them to denuclearize but it would change
the context and I thought you could at
least give Kim that because you could
always take you back and Trump didn't
even given that that's some pretty tough
negotiating there all right let's talk
about Cohen so in the morning I saw
Jeffrey Toobin described Cohen's
testimony as I think he used the word
earthquake earthquake and by that
afternoon I saw Jake Tapper use a
different word and I tried to remember
it maybe somebody here saw it but by the
afternoon the Jeffrey tube in this
description of it as
earthquake had been downgraded to
something closer to an inconvenience I
forget where to what word
Jake use but it wasn't an inconvenience
but it was alarming or something like
that or is there something like alarming
now earthquake that's pretty big
alarming that's sort of every day so I
think that there was a sort of a a
creeping realization that all of these
things has sounded big when you actually
burrow down onto any one of them they
all sort of disappeared into the dust
let me tell you my experience I listened
to the bombshells all morning and then I
drove to the gym as I was driving to the
gym I was trying to remember in my mind
I was trying to remember and I listened
I listened closely to all of the
testimony and there was like one claim
after another there la man these are bad
claims and as a driving way I tried to
rank them in my head you know what are
the worst most dangerous claims and what
are the you know less dangerous ones and
here's the thing I could remember any
but they've all become background noise
it seems like there were so many claims
and the credibility of each claim was so
low and the mental processing I had to
do to sort of hold any one of those weak
claims in my head was so great then my
brain just said man well let me borrow a
line from Family Guy and so so I'm I'm
paraphrasing a joke from Family Guy
where I'm watching Cohen talk for hours
just hours of talking hours and hours
Cohen is making these horrible
accusations about the president and and
at the end of all those accusations this
was my reaction I don't know about any
of that
that's the Family Guy line I don't know
about any of that
meaning none of it none of it is sticky
all right let me give you some examples
you've got the the the earthquake
bombshell that Cowan was part of a
money-laundering scheme to you know to
cheat on somehow do something illegal
with campaign finance to write a check
to the porn star anything my god that's
bad
campaign finance violation that's bad
some kind of you know a financial crime
and then you listen to people who are
smarter say um worst case scenario
that's a fine Obama did it too oh and by
the way it's not illegal it's it's
literally not illegal to do any of that
stuff so the whole context we're talking
about you know this this payment to the
porn star we some we sometimes think
past the sale the sale is is it illegal
to spend money on things that would help
your campaign but at the same time
they're the things you probably would
have done anyway because they have a
personal use and this clearly does have
a personal use obviously he wanted to
keep this quiet so the first one the
biggest claim I thought was going to be
that money laundering porn star payoff
thing but if you drill down a little bit
it's not even a crime but if you drill
down further and even if you could
imagine it was a crime it's a fine
that's it that's a fine it's business as
usual let's take another one of the
bombshells
it's a bombshell that Cohen allegedly
heard a speaker phone conversation
between Trump and Roger stone about
Wikipedia and going to release some
stuff it's a bombshell this is if the
smoking gun now we know that the
president was talking with stone about
WikiLeaks and they're connected to
Russia it's right Raja finally and they
did drill down a little bit
and you find out that WikiLeaks had been
tweeting the release of these documents
for a long time and that Roger stone is
actually just full of and he
doesn't know anything and here's the
best part
I was watching Michael Tracy on Tucker
Carlson last night and and Michael Tracy
pointed out that the odds that Roger
stroke Roger stone allowed himself to be
on a speakerphone was about zero and the
odds that president Trump would take a
call with Roger stone on his
speakerphone is basically zero now I
suppose anything's possible but the
story just sort of falls apart first of
all there's one witness second of all
yeah and he's the least Cohen is
literally famous as being the most most
undependable witness of all time I think
he lied four times during his testimony
before he goes to jail for lying
I'm he was the most ridiculous
ridiculously weak accusation so first of
all it was public information because
wiki piece was saying Wiki Wikipedia was
saying it second of all Stone is a
famous fabulist as I say or exaggerator
or maybe he lies on vacation Cohen is
the other biggest liar so basically it's
just this den of liars about something
that wasn't even a problem because it
was public information anyway so the
wiki that Wikipedia thing sounds
important then just disappears when you
start you start pulling it apart here's
another one the there's the story about
how a Trump used his foundation as sort
of a shell if it was it the foundation -
yeah to bid on a painting for some
charity and so that in the the scheme
was that so he would he would bid there
would be a bigger bid for his painting
than anybody else's and it would come at
the end but really it was just Trump's
own money and he was using a using a you
know somebody to just be a stand-in for
himself basically
so he could have the biggest bid for his
own painting now if this were somebody
else if this were not Trump maybe that
would mean something to me but the fact
that it's Trump it's kind of why he does
for a living right he was a marketing
person who was all about his brand and
the image the the Trump property image
and so he pulled a move that is frankly
hilarious and I have to admit I am
influenced by the fact that it's funny
it's very funny that he would run a
scheme to make sure that his painting
was the people paid the most because as
part of his larger his larger effort to
maintain his brand as the the biggest
and the best personally personally
here's my reaction to it well that's
funny it's funny and it's kind of smart
because you know it should have worked
you know if you were going to tell me
that this would come back and bite him
in the ass when he's president I would
say well maybe then that's a bad idea
but on the scope of crimes if you were
to like make a list of the worst crimes
in the world like you know genocide or
something at the top and need to go down
it's like a you know murdering one
person you know stealing beating
somebody up you know sex crimes and
property crimes and then there's traffic
crimes and they're speeding somewhere
somewhere at about the the one millionth
crime would be pretending that somebody
else paid too much for your painting now
I can imagine there's a technical crime
there but it's about the smallest crime
I've ever heard of and it's hilarious
it's hilarious
would you be disappointed if Donald
Trump did not find a way to pay the for
somebody to pay the most for his
painting I'd be a little disappointed if
he didn't do that it's sort of what we
expect him to do it's part of why I like
him frankly but I'm different then there
was a story about collusion
do you remember collusion oh I remember
a collusion
we're so long ago back in the days when
people imagined that Michael Cohen would
know the inside stuff and if there were
any collusion there Michael Cowan would
know it because he was on the inside
what did Michael Cohen say about the
collusion didn't see any so the biggest
story out of this is that the collusion
thing continued to fall apart that
should have been the main takeaway but
because the nature of the press they
have to they have to make these little
stories sound like they're bigger the
big story is that the guy who was the
closest to the inner workings of the of
the thing not only here's the best part
even if you imagine that Michael Cohen
may not have had all the information he
tells the story of the president who was
his longtime confidant I mean they
shared more secrets than anybody right
there probably was no one who shared
dangerous secrets with the president
more than Cohen and Cohen apparently
says that the president told him on a
number of times there was no collusion
so the collusion thing fell apart my
favorite one is that the president was
accused of inflating his net worth and
then decreasing his net worth for other
purposes now let me put this to you how
many people out there have a financial
background and when you heard that that
charged that the president sometimes
inflates his values
and sometimes and sometimes takes the
low number if you have a financial
background what was your first
impression to that now this is only for
the people who have a genuine financial
experience normal normal if you don't
have a financial background you would
say my god that's you know the way
they're reporting this sounds like a
huge financial crimes let me give you an
example
now I'm not I'm not I'm not fully
informed here so my example might be
inaccurate but it'll give you an idea of
what I'm talking about so take my
example as as a general point so I might
have some of the details of my actual
example wrong but here's the general
point so he had a golf course they he
valued differently I think at one point
he valued it at fifty million dollars
and for other purposes I think for
property tax he valued it like five
million or something very low so one was
like fifty million and one was like five
million so it's reported as financial
crime right because it can't be true
that something's worth fifty million but
also true that it's worth five million
they can't both be true right would
somebody with some financial education
explained to the rest of the people here
why those both can be true you know they
both can be true right there's nothing
wrong with that here's why if you paying
property tax you're paying tax on the
value of the the land and the buildings
that might have been five million
dollars or at least you could make a
case for it being five million dollars
if you're talking about the value of the
business let's say the business is
profitable you would say well it's
making so much money that it's worth I
wouldn't sell this business for less
than 50 million dollars now that may be
inflated but not necessarily illegally
inflated in other words you can use
optimism to value things
you can use the value of the brand
somebody said so even if the cash flow
is not that high somebody could say yeah
I'd like a golf course that the Trump
name on it and and you know we knew it
was designed by a Trump people etc so so
my example might be bad because I may
not have the details of this particular
thing but my point is that when you're
talking to Forbes about your net worth
inflating it is just sort of normal
because you want to you want to make
your brand look good so you want to look
like you're high on the list but that's
not illegal saying that your property is
worth only what the building and the
land could sell for is not illegal
that's actually just the way it's done
right saying that your business might be
worth a lot more than other people think
it's worth based on its cash flow is
normal that's not a crime so I think
what you're going to find is that I was
looking at the article and CNN and they
kept saying it's very confusing because
we know this and this and they value
this at this time and this is this time
it's all very confusing
it is all very confusing if you have no
background in finance if you do have a
background in business where the
background in finance you would know
that the most normal situation in the
world is it the same thing or what you
think is the same thing could be valued
at wildly different numbers depending on
the purpose is it for property tax is if
we're selling your business is it for
being on the Forbes list those are all
different valuations and should be or at
least could be all right so the the net
worth exaggerating thing sounds like
it's a big deal right until you drill
down and there's just nothing there now
I could be wrong but on the surface it
looks like simply a case where reporters
don't understand finance so it looks
like it's a bigger deal than it is
then there was Michael Cohen said that
the president was a racist now I didn't
watch every minute and I think there was
some point where he was was he ever
accused of something specific because I
think I missed that it's not in the news
did Cohen point out to anything specific
that only he knew there was evidence of
that claim because I didn't see it so
you could inform me on that but so Cohen
claimed that the president's comments
about Charlottesville were evidence that
the president was a racist here's what's
wrong with that correct me if I'm wrong
but Cohen is a Jewish name isn't it well
I know that part's right so Michael
Cohen a close confident of the confidant
of the president who is Jewish for ten
years hired by the president despite
what other people say are his lack of
qualifications worked with the president
for ten years and never noticed that the
president was anti-semitic until
Charlottesville is that the weakest
claim you've ever heard in your life
if Cohen had not been Jewish then I
would say to myself I guess maybe you
just wouldn't notice or you know maybe
that was the final straw or something
but Cohen is Jewish the the
Charlottesville marchers were
anti-semitic are you telling me that
Cohen worked for Trump for ten years and
didn't notice didn't notice until then
and that was based on on fake news for
anybody who's new here the
Charlottesville hoax is that CNN and
other people report that Trump said that
there were fine people on both sides
that of course was not referring to an
tyfa on one side because they weren't
find people and he was not referring to
the racists who are marching with tiki
torches because
not fighting people he was talking about
the fact that the event was about
statues and they were finding people on
both sides of the general question about
statues and yes there were other people
there besides anti-shah and the racist
with torches and the next thing you say
if you hate Trump is well let me I've
been waiting to do this one whoa
right so why were they marching with the
racist are you telling me that they're
non racists who march with racists is
that what you're saying Scott no Dale no
one has ever said that I'm not saying
they're marching with I'm just saying
they were there all right so the
Charlottesville thing once again plays
on CNN CNN once again lets it go by as
if it's fact which is why you can call
CNN the enemy of the people all right
then there was the I saw a OC ask some
question about insurance and she asked
her question and then I really see any
of that in the news did you so I don't
know what she was talking about with
property values and insurance so I think
that was just another case of you use
different evaluations for things based
on what your purpose is whether it's
insurance whether it's Forbes list etc
that seems like nothing but I'll tell
you what was the most interesting thing
about this if you watch the the Cohan
testimony he said that the president
speaks three languages did you catch
that a lot of people were saying say
that President Trump is not that smart
but I didn't know that he spoke three
languages so he speaks English you know
so that that would be as the president's
primary language but as Cohen explained
with the the Charlottesville thing the
president also speaks say a secret coded
racist dog whistle it's the same time
he's speaking English but on top of that
Cohen told us they
speaks in gangster code so he's got
three languages going on he's got his
normal English language
he's got the racist dog whistle and then
he's got sort of a gangster code and he
can do them all at the same time I'd
like to give you an example of that so
if for example you were to hear the the
president talk about North Korea if you
only knew about the one language it
would sound like well we've decided to
you know end the North Korea talks and
we didn't get to everything we wanted
but we'll we'll keep talking with them
so that's what it would sound like just
the English language but now you have to
you have to layer on the the whistle so
so that's like this uh-huh well we we
got got a good we didn't get a good
result in North Korea say so now you've
got some English but you've got the the
whistle that's in there but then the the
gangster code is more of a clicking
sound so that it would sound sound like
this so you can add the English on top
of the racist whistle on top of the
gangster a clicking sound and it would
sound like this
well we've decided and our conversations
in North click like click Korea
we're very hope click click look look
look hopeful that things will go better
in the future
now those are the three languages that
are confirmed so we know the president
can speak three languages simultaneously
they're just traveling on different
frequencies as I gave that example the
one that maybe I'm the only one who
knows us when I met with the president I
really shouldn't tell you this but I'm
going to tell you this when I met with
the president we talked privately and he
admitted to me and I'm going to tell you
that you know that sonic weapon that was
injuring the tip
Matt's in the Cuban embassy it wasn't a
sonic weapon the President speaks four
languages that's right
English racist dog whistle gangster code
sonic weapon the president is
responsible for that damage to the Cuban
Cuban victims so I think that's what we
learned the President speaks four
languages simultaneously he's a lot
smarter than we thought he's possibly an
alien possibly an alien somebody Peter
noone is seven says apologists much and
that gets you the block the word
apologists gets you blocked
automatically on my periscopes because
and it's not it's not like apologist is
the worst like insult or a criticism
it's just that it is empty you could
certainly disagree with what I say I'm
always open to that but to simply label
me instead of to talk about the point
that's an instant block now on Tuesday
next week we'll talk to dr. Shiva about
we'll talk to dr. Shiva about climate
change and you you're not gonna want to
miss that but let's say if we've got a
little time left
was there anything I missed
no let me just check with you was there
anything that cohen said that made any
difference to anything except that it
showed that collusion is even less
likely than we thought before did I miss
anything with the Cohen testimony
because it feels like it's all nothing
oh alright here's the other thing one of
the claims
that the some of the Congress people
made and it's a claim that Michael Cohen
made is that that Trump approves and is
aware of every important meeting in not
only the Trump Organization but in the
campaign how little experience with the
world do you have to have to think
that's true well you know if you're an
experienced business person and you've
had any experience in a big organization
that it could be a government it could
be a large corporation any kind of lure
get large organization and I'm watching
these politicians and I'm watching Cohen
say that the president absolutely
positively a hundred percent new
whenever there was a meeting at the same
time that the president is disengaged
and doesn't read defense reports or
whatever he's supposed to be reading are
you telling me that the same people that
you've been painting as hands-off and a
touch you know barely paying attention
to his job
simultaneously knows every meeting that
happens in the Trump Organization as
well as every important meeting maybe
not every meeting but every important
meeting in in the campaign that feels
exactly like the opposite of true in
fact if you said to me Scott I'd like to
make a bet with you
I will bet that President Trump approves
of and knows a hundred percent of all
meetings that happen under his
organization's I would take that bet
pretty quickly I would give you pretty
long odds that meetings happen that are
important that do not again not get
approved by President Trump all right so
that part was funny
yeah I'm just looking at your comments
now are you also surprised that we've
gotten this far oh and then the other
the other the other accusation about
Trump is that he didn't expect to win
the presidency and he was negotiating
for his Russian building deal you know
in case he lost and then he would do
that deal to which I say which part of
that is not just business well why
should he not keep his options open well
how was that bad it might have been bad
if he decided to go ahead with the
project after becoming president but you
know the fact that he kept that option
open and then I think he's accused of
lying to the press about it not a crime
not a crime Geraldo said that he
revealed more in his vault than Cohen's
testimony oh good I'm glad that I'm glad
that Geraldo was on that analogy
oh and then and then Cohen reports that
that the president said that Don jr. had
you know the worst judgment in the world
now does that sound true do you believe
that the the president made Don jr. the
head of his empire at the same time they
thinks he has the worst judgment of
anyone in the world do you think that's
even slightly true that doesn't even
seem like in the universe of true like
that you know if you look at the you
know the prominent role that Don juniors
played throughout the campaign and after
the election etc if there's if there's
anything you could say for sure that's
that the president has trust and Don jr.
I mean I would say that's so obvious
that it's laughable that anybody would
say the opposite now that doesn't mean
that the president didn't argue with you
know some specific decision so you can
also guarantee that the President and
Don jr. have had periods at which you
know they they very much disagreed on
how to do something so if you tell me
that the president made a sweeping
generalization at that time maybe but as
clearly it's not true as a general
statement that that the president
doesn't have confidence and Don Jr I
think that's that's as obvious as
anything could be by you know the last
several years of observation Don brought
in Michael Cohen the president hired
Michael Cohen and worked with him for
years and he hired him after he did a
good job on a few projects so you didn't
hire him without seeing his work first
did you ever disagree with your dad not
that much actually uh I had one of the
worst thoughts and I don't know if I can
even say this
maybe it's the end of the periscope but
I gotta say it anyway I would only say
this because Cohen is such a horrible
person I mean he really is a bad person
Oh should I say this I'm gonna get in
trouble if I say this I'm just saying
anyway because we're just having coffee
right so Cohen's wife who has to endure
her all the humiliation of this
situation all the risk all the emotional
turmoil then her husband's gonna go to
jail for three years and then she may
have heard for the first time from Matt
Gaetz that her husband has had
girlfriends or has girlfriends
that's the bad news right
so the bad news and nobody can be happy
about that
is that his marriage fell apart and that
his family are all victims right so
there's nothing funny about that
his family are victims period so I'm not
making light of that however however I'm
just gonna say this as a statement of
what I think is a fact and then you can
do with it what you will
Cohen's wife is now the most dateable
woman in whatever city she's in New York
City she might be the most eligible kind
of single woman ever because they're
gonna be a lot of there could be a lot
of people who are gonna see her as
having a little extra going on and buy a
little extra I mean that you know they
might like her in general
just because she's you know attractive
person but they're gonna like the fact
that Michael Cohen doesn't like it and
so he has transformed completely
accidentally he has transformed his wife
who under any normal circumstances is
you know I actually went and looked at a
picture of her because I needed to get a
mental picture in my head so she's an
attractive woman and her date ability it
just went through the roof in in this
weird way that nobody would want it to
happen right so she's a victim no doubt
about that of all this as well as the
kids for sure but she became really
dateable really really dateable and
we'll see how that works out
you didn't defend Alex Jones when he was
censored you know I'm not the guy who's
going to defend people for saying things
that I don't agree with so some people
just have to defend themselves
[Music]
go and we'll make money from this yeah
maybe yeah I think didn't Daryl Scott
yeah and I think Reverend Scott said in
a tweet or something that that Cohen had
tried very hard to get a job in the
administration so he got he got outed as
a as a liar with there's nothing worse
than being called the liar by a minister
[Music]
you know if you ever get called the liar
you better hope it's not a man of the
cloth I'm not sure if that does a man of
the cloth is that just a Catholic term I
don't know how that works but you don't
want to be accused of a liar by somebody
who literally is teaching the Bible why
did he plead to campaign finance charges
well it may be that he was forced into
that it's not unusual for people to to
plead to things that they might not have
necessarily been convicted for so that's
not unusual so if here if you did a big
crime but they're gonna give you some
lenience on that because maybe you're
helping them in other ways it wouldn't
be that unusual to plead guilty to a
thing you didn't actually technically do
so I think that's a real thing or at
least a lesser crime that's a little bit
off point let's put it that way yes I
hear you saying you want me to talk to
Victor David handsome I hear your
message I haven't quite decided how many
guests I'm gonna have on here but he
would be a great one he would be
tremendous then then Lanny Davis
so he's apparently doing this without
pay and and that's so transparently
fraudulent maybe not in a legal sense
but it's so obvious that Lanny Davis is
not doing this for free in one way or
another if you know what I mean right it
may be that nobody's writing him a check
per se but he's not doing it for free
I don't think that's happening
all right I think we've exhausted this
topic and I will talk to you all later