bum-bum-bum
everybody come on in here it's time for
another coffee with Scott Adams you are
about to have one of the best
simultaneous sips of your entire month
although they sometimes get better and
better so come on in here take a seat
we've got a fun day good topics good
stuff and if you'd like to participate
in the simultaneous that let's say this
is your first time you might need some
instructions otherwise you'd feel like
you don't belong but I'm here to give
you instructions if you'd like to
participate in the simultaneous sip you
only need one thing be it a cup or a mug
your glasses time to tell us a tankard a
thermos is last we can't even Grail a
goblet a vessel of any kind fill it with
your favorite liquid I like coffee
join me now for the simultaneous em put
it to your lips when I give you the
signal and enjoy the camaraderie the
dopamine hit of the day the thing that
makes everything better go all right so
we've got funny news and stupid news
here's the stupidest news of the day
yeah there's some news that you can't
label any other way it's like well this
is stupid news so you probably all know
dave rubin from the rubin report i'll be
a I think I'm gonna be on this show
talking about my upcoming book in
several weeks but Dave Rubin for if
there's anybody here a dozen now Dave
Rubin he identifies as liberal as gay
and Jewish this is important to the
following story otherwise not important
but important to the following story he
was giving he was going to do a an event
with Maxime Bernier who I don't know
anything about but
maybe is a little controversial and it
was gonna be at Mohawk College and then
the local newspaper got into it and and
here's what they say about Dave Rubin
now remember Dave Rubin is a liberal gay
Jewish guy important to know before I
tell you what the local paper said he
was so this is the local paper you say
dave rubin is a far-right youtube
personality that parts right and a
significant part of a radicalization
process assuring people into the
neo-nazi movement are you effing kidding
me according to a recently published
study out of Cornell University which
analyzed 79 million comments and three
hundred out of the videos below blah now
do you believe the Dave Rubin is
recruiting people into the KK into the
neo-nazis that is the most insanely
stupid defamatory slanderous libelous I
don't know all those words sound like to
me it is so bad that is so bad I thought
I had it bad yeah
poor uh bill Polti I think he's on the
the periscope today you heard what
happened to him he tries to give away
money give away money he's trying to
like give away his own money and and
help other people become part of the
process of charity just try to create
some kind of virtuous energy toward
giving money what happened to Bill Paul
T for being a charitable good person
he got doxxed his wife is getting like
threatening calls on her cell phone
are you kidding me well what happened to
the world what happened now I'll give
you a little bit of an update on my
situation so you know was a John Cook I
can't remember his name but well I want
him to talk about my
just just say that I'm I'm pursuing some
action against somebody who's just as
bad but you know that story alright Bill
Gates has a special on Netflix or it's a
special on Netflix about Bill Gates I
think ace mind and Netflix this is
important
remember Netflix is the Obama kind of a
what do you call it a production company
so Obama is working with Netflix so
nobody would say Netflix is some
conservative of any kind of outlet right
it's clearly identified a little bit
more with the left and so Netflix
decides that the there one of the
portions that they're going to tweet out
to promote the Bill Gates show on
Netflix the Bill Gates it's one it's not
a show it's one one piece of content
called Bill Gates mind I think and they
tweeted out the part where Bill Gates is
saying that nuclear is the solution to
climate change I'm simplifying but
that's the sense of it now think about
that
there was Netflix this isn't some
far-right hey we like nuclear power it's
Netflix and it's Bill Gates and Netflix
has decided that what the world needs to
see cuz Netflix has a big footprint
right what the world needs to say is
that Bill Gates says that the new
technologies and new developments and
nuclear are going to be the way I think
that's that feels like a turning point
doesn't it because you've got Booker and
yang and Biden they're all pro-nuclear
and of course Republicans are almost all
pro-nuclear so I feel like climate
change is largely solved now by salt I
don't mean fixed I mean that the path to
fixing it is known it's possible not
just possible it's doable completely
doable so we know how to do it it's
completely practical we can get there
it's a lot of work but we know how to
get there
and here's the hard part the left and
the right largely agree now now that
what you're watching is the left
convincing itself so there are elements
of let's say the the political left who
are completely in agreement with the
right on this on how to save the world
and I don't think you would see this
much agreement except that the left that
the left has also scared themselves into
action so as as many people have pointed
out if if you're saying that climate
change is real in the sense that it's a
real near extinction risk so that's the
real part whether it's an extinction
level horrible cataclysmic future if you
believe that and you've scared your own
side into believing it suddenly the risk
of nuclear seems irrelevant because you
could actually let me put it in direct
terms you could lose two or three
nuclear plants you know just something
bad happens and it would still be
totally worth it even if you know a 10
or 20 mile piece of land wasn't usable
at some point still the cost-benefit
would be totally worth it now I
shouldn't have even said that because as
you know the risk for the new
technologies the other the most current
types of nuclear plants have never had
any kind of bad event zero never it's
only the older technologies that have
ever had a bad event so everybody's on
board now enough about that let's talk
about the everybody wants to talk about
Ukraine I've got an angle on Ukraine
that you haven't heard so you're gonna
be hearing all the same stories
everywhere but let me I'll get and it'll
take me a while to work into it here but
here's here's the first thing didn't we
elect President Trump to pressure other
leaders for things that we want am I
wrong that the reason Trump was elected
and indeed really that the job
description of the President
they should be pushing other leaders
isn't that exactly why we hired him so I
was rereading the the Ukrainian
transcript of the phone call transcript
if transcript dish because it's not
exact and what I saw was the president
who was using all the tools of his
office and all the tools of being you
know being the president basically and
he was he was building a persuasive you
know kind of a mode because he did
mention things such as you know
Ukraine's future could be great he did
mention you know and of course the
context is that there was some money out
there that was slated and had not even
been granted but let me ask you this
let's say there was no such thing as
president Trump but asking about Biden
let's say that never happened what do
you expect that Trump still would have
told his people to hold off on the money
to Ukraine until he talked to the leader
of Ukraine do you see it yet of course
he would because it's what he does every
time in every situation the most basic
thing that Trump does is if he's gonna
go talk to a foreign leader the first
thing you do is you stop that thing you
were gonna give him you talked to him
first let me put it in even more stark
terms if you give money to the foreign
leader before you talk to him you're a
 idiot
am I wrong because the job of the
president is to persuade other leaders
I'm not wrong on that right we want him
to persuade England we want him to
persuade China we want him to persuade
France we want them to persuade Israel
that's what he's hired to do so if you
sent him into a conversation with a
foreign leader do you want to send him
him armed or unarmed armed every time
armed now you say to me but wait a
minute this conversation was not about
negotiating so if you took the Biden
part out there wasn't even any
anything to talk about it was just hey
congratulations for winning your
election right so you might say that
wasn't really a negotiation situation so
why without the Biden part why in the
world would he held back let me let me
give you the answer to that because he's
smart
that's why do you know why else you
would hold back that until you talk to
him because it makes it a treat when you
get it he would pair if he's smart which
is apparently he would pair the gift you
know the money that we'd promised the
actual giving of it with the
conversation wouldn't you try to pair
your conversation your first your first
impression with a very large gift of
course you would so every every reason
in the world supports the idea that he
should hold it until he has the
conversation you could take Biden man in
the whole story and it's exactly the
same he should not have given them the
money before he talked to him period now
part of it was he needs to get the
measure of the person because remember
there was some question about corruption
there was you know who knows what our
relationship with Ukraine will be
exactly until you get the new leader the
leaders have to size each other up
do you give somebody a whole bunch of
money before you size them up before you
see what what your deal is between
leader leader well if you do you're an
idiot you're an idiot
stopping the money until you have the
conversation is always the smartest
thing to do if you are in the most
powerful country in the world and every
conversation is persuasion because it is
it would have been perfectly reasonable
for the president to make it very clear
to this guy that he's the guy he's the
guy who determines if you get the money
not Congress let me ask you this when we
send our president overseas to negotiate
for us do you want him to go unarmed do
you want him to go into a conversation
with a foreign leader and the foreign
leader thinks I don't care about you
because Congress is the one who gave me
the money
Congress is the one that's
I need to worry about president do you
want to send the president on armed into
a conversation with another leader
no no what's the best thing the
president could do stop the money from
the Congress walk into the conversation
and make sure that whoever he's talking
to knows who controls the money then
he's armed then he can do his job more
effectively all right so take Biden out
of the question and you still if you're
smart you stop the money until the
conversation secondly there is something
extraordinarily brilliant in how the
Democrats are playing this and I don't
know that I've heard anybody say this
yet so this will be the maybe the first
time you've seen it you know I talked a
lot about making you think past the sale
so you've heard that from me a bunch of
times if you can say to somebody just if
this is the first time you've heard it a
car salesman would say well do you do
you like the red women to the blue one
you know how will this look into your
garage so he's making you think past the
decision of do you buy the car and make
you wrestle with the question of which
color is going to be that's a salesman's
trick to make you think past the
decision of buying as if you've already
bought it and think about what it looks
like in the future
there's a form of that not exactly the
same thing with this Ukraine transcript
and when I tell you you're gonna be mad
you give me mad because there's there's
something they've hidden in plain sight
here it's like there's a part of the
story that's just hiding and it's
because there's a trick and one one side
reveal the trick the thing they're
hiding will just go whoop and you're
gonna see it watch this and they're
making you think of whether it's
appropriate for the president to let's
say pressure another leader and whether
it's appropriate to offer some quid pro
quo that's the only conversation we're
having right all the conversation is
about whether the president's process
was appropriate what is the question we
haven't asked the
question nobody's asking is is it a fair
question if Biden is guilty it's a whole
different story right if if Biden was
actually guilty of something that's all
that matters
I mean that's that changes the whole
story because of course the president
should have asked about that how about
this CrowdStrike stuff that he also
asked about should the president have
asked about that yes so the the
Democrats were making us making the
world think past the question of think
past the issue of whether these are good
questions that a president should get
the answer to and they are good
questions that the president should get
an answer to here's the some of the
dumbest tanks I've seen them the story
on Twitter people saying well that's not
the president's job that's the FBI's job
to figure that stuff out well if that's
something you say if you're very
inexperienced if you have experience
working in big organizations you would
know that when the underlings try to
talk it's usually just a roadblock cuz
underling to underling that the
underling you're trying to get something
honorable say yes you know I'm a job I
don't have authority you know no reason
to work with you et cetera underling to
underling is rarely a productive path
and when that fails and maybe you try
that first but if it fails and it
probably did you move it up
- boss - boss and then when boss the
boss makes an agreement that something's
gonna happen
you tell your underlings and then they
can maybe communicate a little bit
better and get something done but those
people who say no it's the FBI you've
never worked in any kind of a large
organization underling - underlaying is
rarely a productive path so so it does
perfectly appropriate that the bosses
talk about that now
so anyway did you see the magic trick
y'all saw that right we're being made to
think past the sale of whether or not
the Biden thing has any meat to it the
whistle you know I introduced the idea
of two movies playing on one screen and
we've never seen
a better example than this people are
reading the same transcript and saying
completely different movies and I've
been trying to see the other one you
know sort of like a yani Laurel thing
where you squint and you see it see if
you can see the other movie on your
screen and I can't quite see it which
doesn't mean it's not there right you
can't really say the other movie is
wrong you could only say I can only see
mine now here's a little tip for
deciding what is real and what is not I
talk about this a lot but I want you to
apply it to this situation and it's the
how to tell who is hallucinating
hallucinations are generally additions
additions to a scene it's the
hallucinate arisia something that isn't
there so if you have two people looking
at the same data the same content to
same anything and one group says oh it's
here is here look at it can you read I
mean I'm ready it's right in front of me
and the other group who are also
legitimate you know ordinary adults are
looking at the same thing at the same
time and they go oh yeah I don't see it
well I don't see anything under those
conditions who do you bet on always
better than one who doesn't see it kind
of likewise if the two networks I like
to use Fox News and CNN but you could
substitute any left and right you know
Anna let's if one of them is reporting
the thing is true and the other is not
it's probably not right
Russia collusion CNN reports it's true
Fox News reports is not it's not the
ones who are seeing it we're seeing
confirmation bias the ones who didn't
see it were not affected by confirmation
bias because they were not inclined to
believe it was true so the people who
don't see a thing are far more likely to
be the ones who are right in the end you
want to try some more I'm gonna try some
some you don't like uranium one I
watched the uranium one
handle for months and months and months
from people saying it's a big old
scandal and I would listen to it and
even on the surface the way it was
reported I would say I don't see
anything I don't see anything there I
see all the right people signed off
I see no shortage of uranium in the
world that matters I see that the mind
involved was actually physically in the
United States so if we ever needed it we
could just take it I mean really we
could just take it if it was anything
like emergency need and sure enough
you've seen no prosecutions I just
sorted I didn't so use that use that
standard it is not a hundred percent
accurate but as far as I know I can't
think of a time in the at least in the
political sense that it hasn't worked
you can you could do some hind casting
with that and well it would be a little
bit hard for you to check because if you
hide and cast with that it's going to
tell you some of the things you do
believe are not real yeah the embassy
sonic weapon attack some people could
see it as clear as day I couldn't to me
to me that was completely non-existent
couldn't see a whiff of it and it looks
like it probably doesn't exist
all right here is so then the
whistleblowers report comes out and it
just turns out it's secondhand reporting
about something he heard in the meeting
on the transcript we've already seen so
I think I think this thing's falling
apart and then I heard about but I did
not see myself so I look for some
confirmation
I believe Alan Dershowitz was on
probably Fox News yesterday and just
took the piss out of the whole the whole
Ukrainian thing just no law no laws
broken nothing impeachable I just used
the dirty with standard I urge you wait
for Dershowitz to tell you what this
means in on this or other topics because
he's the only freaking person on the
whole planet who has a sufficient
background who is willing to be honest
he's the only one willing to try who
also has you know all the legal
credentials the the guy's become sort of
a national treasure in the sense of
sorting things out for us
all right here Oh Howard Kurtz had what
I think is one of the worst takes on the
Ukrainian situation uh-huh so so Howard
says Howard Kurtz and for context he's
on Fox News and I don't identify him as
being right or left so he's a media
critic type so my observation is he
tried he does try to play it as close as
he could get to the middle woman one of
the few people who actually tries to do
that so I love the show by the way so
Howard Kurtz is I'm a big fan of his but
the following take on the transcript I
think is one of the worst here's why
what he noted was that when he read the
transcript one of his takeaways was and
sort of a test he would put on it to see
how important it is he said and I quote
but if you flipped the script the script
if Barack Obama asked Ukraine in 2011 to
help investigate one of the Mitt
Romney's sons one of Mitt Romney sons
Republicans would have gone nuclear
now first of all that's true right we'd
all agree that if the situation were
reversed because we live in the
political world and there's a big
election coming up that if you reverse
the facts the Republicans would be the
ones you know going nuclear I think
that's a fair statement just because we
live in a political world but that has
nothing to do with how important the
actual event is that's that's a
political statement it is politically
true that the Republicans will go nuts
if Democrats do something
Democrats will go nuts if Republicans do
something
if you reverse in this situation the
other one would go nuts that's true of
every situation you can't think of any
topic where you couldn't reverse it and
the other side would go nuts so using
the if I reversed at the other side
we've got dots as any kind of a standard
to reach a decision about how you should
feel about it it just doesn't connect so
I think you should reject the standard
of how would you feel if this were
reversed it's useful to tell you that
you're being biased about it maybe that
part's really good as an exercise for
your own your own checking of your bias
is really helpful to do so Howard Kurtz
has a very helpful suggestion that
indirectly in the sense that you should
always reverse and say oh what would
this look like if the other side we're
doing it would I feel the same that's a
good question to ask but it does it has
nothing to do with whether it's
impeachable has nothing to do with a
brother it's illegal it has nothing to
do with really how you should how you
should see it because if you're trying
to be unbiased it wouldn't matter what
other people would think in other
situations that's the least important
thing I don't care what somebody else
hypothetically would have thought and in
a hypothetical situation I just care
about this one alright apparently the
President had has given alternate
stories for why the money was held one
of them was other countries we're not
pulling their weight and helping Ukraine
I think and I think that was also
reinforcing the phone call so we judged
that to be true than other countries are
not pulling their weight and that it was
an issue and they had been talking about
it that would be a good reason to at
least hold back the money a little bit
just those sort of see maybe maybe maybe
they put a little pressure on other
people we don't know if that's the one
reason and then another reason the
president gave is that Ukraine is
corrupt you needed to sort of feel out
the new leader to see if this money is
going to go into a corrupt or non
corrupt hands and this guy seems to be a
corruption fighter at least you know you
just labeled that way
so here's the thing does it matter that
he gave two different stories for why he
did it that doesn't strike me the same
and again I'll use my you know what
happens if the other side had two
different stories for something would I
feel differently and the answer is now
here's the standard for you if somebody
has two or three reasons for doing
something they're probably all true
sometimes you you're thinking about one
sometimes you think that's the important
one because if you were to say which is
more important if the fact that other
countries were not putting in the money
not pulling their weight is that more
important than the fact that you the
Ukraine might have some corruption and
the money not might not be not be used
correctly well on any given day you
might think you might reverse those if
you're talking in public you might say
yeah we're not gonna you know it's
because the other countries aren't
pulling the weight but you're trying to
influence the other countries another
time if you're maybe it's a press
conference or something you might call
out the corruption so whether this was a
Democrat or a Republican I always give
everybody two or three reasons if they
make sense if any of those reasons are
just ridiculous and you have to reassess
but for big complicated situations
having two or three good reasons while
you're doing it and not exactly knowing
how to rank them or which one to
highlight first but that's just business
as usual the one you want to watch out
for is when there are 10 reasons I call
that the laundry list if you see you
know a whole list of reasons for
anything a list of reasons why the
president is really an alien from space
or whatever once you get to a whole
number they're probably all bad two or
three is normal all right here is here
is my
take on that you haven't seen yet
president zalenski of the Ukraine is a
student of persuasion surprise well here
are some pull quotes from the transcript
you pay for this look for the pacing
so pacing is where you agree and become
the other person so watch him agree with
and become Trump watch this this is a
zalenski from the transcript you are
absolutely you are absolutely right mr.
president
see the pacing is already starting we
did win big win big win big Lee win big
win big Lee and we work hard for this
one of the two things that Trump likes
better than anything winning big and
working hard energy and winning the two
biggest things that Trump cares about
this is Alinsky put it in one sentence
and you say to yourself you say to
yourself well Scott that might be a
coincidence it might be a coincidence
that in one sentence he's freakin
nailing nailing it
but is it wait did you hear what he said
next he says this is still szalinski
says we worked a lot but I would like to
confess to you that I had an opportunity
to learn from you so zalenski is saying
he learned from President Trump then he
says we use quite a few of your skills
and knowledge and we're able to use it
as an example to our elections yes it is
true that these were unique elections so
you see he's agreeing with everything
the president saying and then these are
amplifying we won big we work hard and
we use your skills to do it now if you
say it's just flattery you're operating
the 2d world flattery works yeah there's
no question the flattery is a thing and
it works but he's this is this is
nuclear flattery the flattery is almost
a cover
for the fact that these are these are
pacing skills
here's that a little bit later
this is Lenski says in response to
something the president said he says
well yes to tell you the truth to tell
you the truth that little statement is
you just slip that in there to tell you
the truth because you uncritically hear
that as the truth is coming even though
you haven't heard what it is yet we were
trying to work hard because we see work
hard again he keep saying work hard work
hard work hard what does this president
like better than hard work fricking
nothing right
except maybe money on ax but I mean he
loves hard work and he says we're trying
to work hard because we wanted to drain
the swamp here in this country I am now
of course he is a he was a corruption
fighter that was what he was trying to
brand himself so the the the the general
statement of course you'd expect him to
say but he uses the president's language
drain the swamp remember he's not a
Native American speaker this is alinsky
isn't he's he's clever he's clever then
the president says something and then
zalenski responds he goes yes you were
absolutely right not only a hundred
percent but actually a thousand percent
who who do you know that would go from a
hundred percent right to a thousand
percent right President Trump I don't
know any other politician who would
speak in that style the Zielinski is
pacing the heck out of him I mean really
really well this is good technique so
the whole story that you've been
watching is that Trump was pressuring
zalenski
here's the story you didn't watch the
Lenski was giving it as good as he was
getting this is a Lensky has some game
and I didn't know that until I read the
transcript zalenski is no idiot
Lansky is learning and he is learning
fast and it's working you've won the
election so now listen to Trump the
negotiator now I said before that you
always want to send your your leader in
to negotiate he's always negotiating
even if he's not negotiating everything
a leader does with another leader is
negotiation even if they're not calling
it that right let's let's agree we're
adults it's all influence because even
if they're just trying to be friends
that's part of the negotiation so here's
something that Trump says Trump says
United States has been very good to
Ukraine I wouldn't say that it's
reciprocal necessarily because things
are happening that are not good but the
United States has been very good to
Ukraine that's the the process of
reciprocity right so the president is
saying we've given you something meaning
generally we're you know we're good to
you creating a situation where on his
own zalenski is supposed to be thinking
oh I owe you one
right now you're calling it mob talk I
would call it just the president doing
his job if the president doesn't talk
like this with every leader every time
he's not doing his job this this is
exactly how he should be talking to
every leader every time if if you're
saying that there's something special
about this conversation that I think
you're missing some context this is how
the president should talk with every
leader foe or friend every time the the
president should bring the entire weight
of the office to every conversation with
every leader the whole weight of the
office he should not leave any of that
home the whole weight and he's bringing
it it's like a United States has been
very good to you I don't see that
comment back that is frickin exactly why
he was elected all right let me be as
clear as I can if we send a president
into a meeting like this with any any
major leader and he doesn't do this
he doesn't create the situation that
says we've been good to you let's see
what you can do for us
if he's not creating that feeling he's
not doing his job
you need another president one who knows
how to how to walk into a room and own
it president Truong knows how to walk
into a room and own it now he's got the
full weight of the office and the United
States behind him and he brings it he
brings the whole office every time
because he's not dumb
of course you bring the whole office
you're bringing the whole bag every time
why would you leave anything home all
right here's some more listen through
Solinsky do some more pacing so this is
Lenski and that's transcript he says it
turns out that even though logically the
European Union should be our biggest
partner with Ukraine but technically the
United States is a much bigger partner
than the European Union
how much does Trump want to hear that
he's better than the European Union and
he goes on and now very grateful to you
for that because the United States is
doing quite a lot for Ukraine pacing
pacing pacing much more than the
European Union especially when we were
talking about sanctions against the
Russian Federation the United States is
much better than the European Union all
right so are you watching this dance so
Trump comes into the dance
he says the United States is doing way
more than Ukraine is doing for us how do
you counter that if you're that if
you're just as persuasive as Trump
what's a good counter to that a really
good counter that that is Wow
you're way better than the European
Union because when you say you're way
better than the European Union how does
that Trump make Trump feel that he's
good where he is that the current
situation is good hey I like being
better than the European Union and I
love hearing Ukraine say it so zalenski
in real time very cleverly created a new
frame which is not the United States vs
Ukraine who can be better to each other
that was Trump's frame and it was the
right frame to bring zalenski very
quickly in real time turns it into the
United States first
the European Union and hey you're
winning you're way better than the
European Union this is really really
good stuff
if you can't see why is it less key won
the election you're missing a good show
and then szalinski says I would like to
thank you for your great support in the
area of defense we're ready to continue
he says specifically we're almost ready
to buy more javelins from the United
States for defense purposes damn
zalinsky just told the president that he
would buy more military stuff if the
president kept being good to Ukraine now
he didn't say quid pro quo
he didn't say qui RIT would pro quo but
he did suggest that if the Ukraine has a
lot of money to buy some military
equipment that the president would be
very happy if was what zalenski is
giving as good as he's getting maybe
better I mean he's got some serious game
here all right
Trump says the other thing the other
thing so when he asked for a favor he
was talking about the CrowdStrike stuff
look into the crowd stray stuff but then
later on he goes the other thing so you
could you could reasonably say that this
is part of the question about I need a
favor here here's a lot to talk about
Biden son the Biden's stopped the
prosecution and a lot of people want to
find out about that so he says a lot of
people want to find out about that
that's just true right a lot of people
want to find out about that so so do
whatever you can with the Attorney
General Biden went around bragging that
he stopped the prosecutions so if you
can lock look into it he goes his sounds
horrible to me now the counter to that
if you haven't heard it is that the
prosecutor was widely considered not
effective and not fighting corruption so
there were it seems there were good
reasons that he was fired and that maybe
Biden had had some good reasons for him
to be fired that weren't necessarily
family related but I don't know what
they were
so here's the thing is it fair to say
that there were some uncertainty both
with Trump and with all of us about what
the Biden's we're doing over there there
were right you you and I don't exactly
know why it is the hunter Biden got paid
so much other than it looks sketchy
right wouldn't you like to know don't we
all have a right to know shouldn't we
know what was going on if Biden is
leading in the polls in a matchup in the
general election it's the most I would
say if you were if you were to rank all
the things that the president should be
doing you could make an argument that
should be first if you want to make a
rank of all the things President Trump
should do the highest priority to the
lowest I would say close to the highest
would be making sure that the guy who's
leading in the polls to be President of
the United States doesn't have what
looks like an obvious conflict of
interest with a major country that's
connected to Russia how is that not the
president's top priority given that you
know we don't have a war going on that's
a hot war right now and the economy's
chugging along I would say that might
have been the president's top priority
even if when they look into it there's
nothing there there might be nothing
there but certainly looking into it it's
got to be a top priority
all right then Zaleski says I heard the
prosecutor was treated very badly
oh now this was still Trump saying Trump
said I heard the prosecutor was treated
very badly and he was a very fair
prosecutor I guess that's not for to
debate so good luck with everything and
then the president says your economy is
going to get better and better I predict
you have a lot of assets it's a great
country and he says he has many
Ukrainian friends so there's the
president he likes to paint that picture
of everything's going to be good for you
but it's also sort of suggested that
they're good working with each other it
might be part of it even though he
doesn't state that it's just sort of the
proximity to it that makes you think
well there's something about this
productive you know working with the
United States and the fact that you're a
great country something good can happen
and then the Lensky throws in that on
some trips the United States you stayed
at Trump Tower I love that part this
olanski just like tosses that in and I
stay at Trump Tower what does that do
concept of reciprocity you say to
yourself that is such a trivial thing
there is no way that the president of
the United States is going to be
influenced by one guy staying in his
hotel he's a billionaire couldn't
possibly matter now well somebody sega's
flattery I don't know I wouldn't I
wouldn't say that was flattery that when
he threw in that he was staying at Trump
Tower I would say that was closer to the
concept of reciprocity I gave you
something and here's the thing
reciprocity doesn't require you to give
the same amount so a salesperson will
say hey can I send you some tickets to
the show you know they're worth a few
hundred bucks and you say yeah I can and
then you pick that vendor over the other
vendors for a multi-million dollar
project so the concept of reciprocity
does not does not require equal value I
could give you a stick of gum for
nothing just hey would you like some gum
and you will automatically be tuned to
being friendlier to anything that I need
later
it's how reciprocity works so that
little comment I stayed at Trump Tower
good stuff good stuff now I don't know
who's advising him but I know he used to
praise win big and I would be surprised
if nobody on the Ukraine team read win
big Lee just saying so I've got a run
I've got somebody coming keep an eye out
for szalinski on the world stage
here's my prediction zalenski is going
to be bigger than Ukraine zalenski is
going to be bigger than Ukraine because
of skill that's my prediction
so that's all for today I got to go do
some other stuff and I will talk to you
later