looks like you found
me and that means there's going to be a
show probably a lot of lazy podcaster is
not working today but not me no I'm here
for
you all right let me just call up my
comments on locals and then we'll get
going here we
go everything's working great today
[Music]
good morning everybody and welcome to
the highlight of human civilization it's
called coffee with Scott Adams and I'm
pretty sure you've never had a better
time but if you'd like to take this
experience up to levels that nobody can
even understand with their tiny shiny
human brains all you need is a cover of
marar glass of tanker chelse Stein a
canteen J flask vessel of any kind fill
it with your favorite liquid I like
coffee and join me now for the
unparallel pleasure the dopam of the day
thing makes everything better it's
called the simultaneous sip it happens
now
go I think I'm going to be adding some
variation to the simultaneous zp
depending on the news so today I'd like
to introduce the there's a suspicious
drone above me sip you want to try this
with me I I'll model it and you just do
what I do it's called there's a
suspicious drone above me Si and it goes
like
this there just like
that if you're only listening oh boy did
you miss a great comic moment yeah we'll
do more of
those well Jimmy Carter ex President
Carter has died and at the age of
100
um he I don't think anybody's everever
stuck The Landing like he did you know
you hope you have a good
life but wouldn't you like to stick the
landing you know go out and just the way
you want to think think of the ways he
stuck the
landing he lived long enough to become a
100 which just feels like so cool I mean
you know wouldn't it be disappointing to
die at
99 you'd be like really just a few more
months I could be a 100 it feels like
that would be an achievement so he
reaches 100 he makes it through
Christmas but he doesn't have to stay up
late for New Year's Eve and it's the
slowest news week of the year so he can
get you know the full respect and
attention that an exper president
deserves he outlived his wife that he
was married to all his life which is the
kindest thing you can do because you
don't want your spouse to be surviving
you know because puts him in a bad
situation so he gets that
right
um and best of all as others have
pointed out he lived long
enough so that Biden could become the
worst president of all time and it
wasn't him
that's sticking the landing I that's
that's as good as you can do but I have
to tell you that uh it's worth noting
because he's going to be criticized as
well as complimented today but it's
worth noting that he is the reason I
didn't
vote um from my 20s to my
60s because when I was a very young man
the first time I was old enough to vote
and I was out of college and uh I
thought I'm going to get me going to get
me some involvement in politics because
you know what I thought the reason I
voted very very obvious reason I voted I
voted because I knew that my opinion
because I'm so smart I'm so smart I knew
that my opinion would improve the
average of the country and I was kind of
a patriot even young and I thought you
know you know what this country needs it
needs me to weigh in on this vote
because you know if if there smart
people don't vote what's what could
become of the country so I walked right
down there and I cast my vote for Jimmy
Carter because the news told me the news
said that that Reagan guy was some kind
of a crazy War monger and he wanted me
to get a haircut even if I didn't want
one so I believe the news so I voted for
the you know the angel not the devil the
angel and I was quite happy with my vote
quite satisfied with my
and then I watched the I watched The
Carter presidency
unfold and when it was done I said to
myself I uh I really shouldn't
vote I uh I don't seem to have what it
takes to do this well is it because I'm
not
experienced is it because I'm not smart
and I thought I was but turns out no
turns out no there's no evidence of that
smartness
whatsoever and so I took several decades
off of
voting because I knew I didn't have the
skill I knew I was not adding to the
average average intelligence of the
political part of the
country and that's not a joke by the way
literally Jimmy Carter stopped me from
voting for decades because I I thought
well I'm just making things worse why
why would I spend my whole day you know
schu my day's activity around making the
country worse I don't want the country
to be worse I don't want that so it
wasn't until this recent election where
I said to myself all right this one's
unambiguous I got one wrong in my 20s
but I feel like I picked up a few tips
since then one of those tips was wait a
minute are you telling me everything on
the news is fake I mean some of us real
right wait a minute all of us fake well
not all of it that's just like a
hyperbole though all of it it's all
fake it it's so hard to get to that
point where it's not all
untrue but by the time they package it
up into a
narrative the the facts which in many
cases are true you know don't add up to
the narrative so the narrative is the
fake
part so I knew that uh the Biden
situation was obviously being ignored by
the media I knew that Trump is really
Our Only Hope and especially when the
Doge volunteers took over I said well we
have one chance so this one's easy I'm
pretty happy with my vote for Trump so
far but uh Jimmy Carter we will give you
our respect as a servant of the country
tried hard meant well did his best
that's as good as we could
do meant well tried hard did his best
I respect that all right meanwhile China
has uh made a big breakthrough maybe one
of the most exciting technological
breakthroughs I've ever heard of
according to interesting engineering and
Christopher mcfaden he writes that the
Chinese have developed a robot that can
give you
massage uh can pinch you and vibrate
with humanlike
hands um it gives you a traditional
Chinese massage
I'd like to take a moment for the NPCs
uh if there are any
NPCs could you add the happy ending joke
that this story requires it's not funny
but you know you have to do it
anyway go ahead make your robot happy
ending jokes get it out there you go
there you go good good Dominic 71 right
on schedule anybody else any other NBCS
who want to one happy ending there you
go we got another
NPC anybody else want to say happy
ending I want all the NPCs to weigh in
now remember this is just for the
NPCs swimming is the best form of
exercise The Matrix should be mentioned
whenever there's anything going on about
simulation very important and if there's
any new food s any kind of food upgrade
or Source you need to say soent green is
people but most importantly whenever the
topic of massage comes up you must go
into the comments and say was there a
happy ending was there a happy ending
and then we know you're an
NPC the way you can identify the NPCs is
that they'll always say the most obvious
thing that could be said on every
topic and that's the most obvious thing
all right but but um so it begins um
certainly uh I'll be getting one of my
Chinese massage robots as soon as soon
as it's available for sale but in other
news scientists have discovered that
what you expected to be true about
redheads is totally true um it said that
redheads don't feel pain the same as
other women so we're talking about women
in particular and in a separate study
they found that redheads do have higher
sexual desire and more organ Ms
according to the Daily maale Rick Nick
conable is writing about this he says
that redheaded women have genetically
different pain thresholds although
that's hard to know because it's
subjective but in a separate study
highest orgasm rate
41% uh of all hair types I don't know
what the 41%
is so there it is
um red heads have more orgasms and
they're they're more
sexual um you could have just asked
Scott all right you know I have the
running joke that I always talk about
these studies that come up with obvious
obvious answers and they should have
just asked me instead of doing the
study I think it's funny that they
should have just asked me if redheads
are
hornier because that's something I
learned when I was
13 dear remember the first time you
heard it I was probably about 13 and
somebody said you know redheaded girls
they they're way horn here and I said
really oh yeah everybody knows it it's a
fact scientific fact and I would think
to myself probably not
scientific and people would say well but
it's a fact I mean everybody knows it
it's just obvious and I would argue it
could not possibly be
true it's just scientific
fact but
uh I guess when I ordered my Chinese
robot
masseuse I'm going to get the Redhead
I'm going to get the Redhead massage
robot just in case there's no evidence
that the redhe headedness would affect
the actual
robot but if they're working on patterns
and large language
models and you give them redhead I don't
I know maybe a little extra maybe a
little extra I don't know meanwhile in I
think it was in San Francisco a wayo
self-driving car ran into a delivery
robot that was also
self-driving so uh wasn't much damage so
the good news is it didn't didn't seem
to disable either Vehicles they just
sort of tapped each other and backed up
and got on with their business so it it
does fall into the category of
something going wrong that proves you
that proves to you that something is
going
right the fact that it was a rare
accident that it made it into the news
because it was rare you well it was
special because there were too
self-driving things but but the fact
that it didn't really cause any
damage that it was a a lowspeed kind of
a minor thing is more good news than bad
news I think now I don't think weo is
where Tesla is in terms of self-driving
at so the the self-driving thing is
definitely here you know if you're
wondering I wonder if they'll ever be
safe enough for self-driving because I
wondered that but I feel like it's here
I I feel like we're already at the
crossover point where if you if you just
told your let's let's pick Tesla if you
told your Tesla just to do all your
driving for you if if you could do it
legally with touching the steering wheel
I'll bet you it would give you a better
safety result right now on
average than human
driving now especially if you're
somebody who likes to have a drink and
drive anyway not recommended but people
will sometimes say well I don't think
I'm over the limit I must be just under
the limit and you get in your car
because you're dumb because you're drunk
so it takes that away and then it also
takes away age related things and
tiredness so if you had you know alcohol
drugs tiredness and age to a human
driver I'm pretty pretty sure you don't
need to do a study to find out that the
Tesla self-driving would beat all of
those it would beat all of those and uh
you know as as the years tick
by um I'm starting to watch my own
actions pretty closely you and let let
me ask you a
question I know a lot of my regular
audience are
seniors um how many of you if you're not
married how many of you have designated
somebody to tell you when when it's time
to take your keys away does anybody have
somebody in their life that they
predesignated as when you tell me to
take the keys away I'm going to take
that seriously
if you haven't done
that think about doing it try to find
somebody in your life who's the one
person you will trust when you reach the
point where you don't trust anybody
because your brain isn't working so well
so if you're not married you know your
spouse is the one who should do it of
course but if you're not
married you should really think about
making a commitment maybe not legally
but make a commitment to somebody that
if you tell me to give up the keys I'm
going to listen to you because if you
promise yourself that you will listen to
Somebody specific then when you change
your mind because you will because you
want to keep driving because your brain
isn't working uh you have some Chance
some chance that the process will work
if you designate that person in advance
so that's my
recommendation uh Thomas Massie is and
also marjerie Taylor green are urging
the release of the Congressional sexual
slush fund list zero Hedges reporting on
this so you you're probably aware that
Congress has a special secr fund just to
pay off the accusers the accusers of
members of Congress for sexual
misconduct I guess would be harassment
and meing and God knows what so the fact
that it exists at all just the fact that
it
exists is just mindblowing now it
doesn't exist just for that I think it
handles some things outside of Congress
but the fact that there's a $17 million
fund for something that looks like it's
paying off the sex crimes of Congress
and we can't figure out who they are is
pretty
shocking now do you think that there's
any chance this list will be
released no there's no chance that list
is going to be released
um I I saw in the comments that maybe it
would have to be legislation it's not
just somebody's decision it's probably
legislation would would be required to
make that list public do you think
Congress is going to vote for
that because to think about how many
members of Congress have either already
been accused and used that fund or
here's the funny part or
they think they might have to use it in
the
future so there probably are not that
many people in Congress who have already
used it I mean we might be appalled by
how many there are but it's going to be
you know small percentage of all of
Congress but what percentage of all of
Congress thinks maybe I mean if somebody
accuses me wouldn't it be nice to have
that sitting by just to get out of jail
free so I don't think that the men are
going to vote for that I think they're
going to come up with some BS reason
well uh in terms of privacy and the
continuity of the Congress it's going to
be something like that uh we don't want
to be distracted by all the fake claims
because people would start making fake
claims against us if they thought we
would be blackmailed oh it's it's a way
to protect us oh that's it it's a way to
protect us from being blackmailed that's
it yeah so so all the people who have
used it or think they want to use it in
the future are going to say h no they
it's there for a reason the secrecy is
so we can't be blackmailed and if
somebody tries and you know if we have
to pay them off we'll do it but the
blackmail will not be
successful there's no way you're ever
going to hear that list no
way all right um You probably heard that
Costco was challenged over its Dei
program but the board of directors
unanimously decided that they're going
to keep their Dei if not make more of
it
so um apparently the uh doj appointee
harmit Dylan is the one who will be
going after the corporate Dei policies
which of course are blatantly illegal
now they can do the blatantly illegal
because our system has put them in a
bind which is unless you
discriminate um by race
unless you do
it uh the public won't like you and
people will protest you and you'll look
like racists so the corporations are in
a tough bind you can either do something
that you must know is illegal racial
discrimination that who doesn't know
that's illegal do you think there's a
CEO who's not completely aware that
discriminating overtly discriminating by
race has got to be illegal according to
our system but we don't treat it that
way so instead we we were focusing have
been on diversity and stuff and so the
CEO is in this bind you can't not do it
if everybody else is doing it that would
be suicide but if you do it you're
clearly breaking an important law so
what do you do well mostly they do what
everybody else does so it's more of a
her situation some of them might be true
believers but mostly they just know they
have to go along with it
so how hard would it be for har meat or
any anybody in that position to reverse
the entire saturated corporate
environment how many how many
corporations are we talking about like
Beyond The Fortune
500 tens of thousands of major
corporations you know that are below the
top 500 probably tens of thousands right
and so that seems like an almost
undoable
thing but it's not you only have to put
one CEO in
jail just one you just have to make an
example of one person now I wouldn't
randomly pick the one person I'd pick
somebody who who seems to be you know
extra extra illegal you know maybe
somebody who's trying too hard and
fighting too hard and won't take a hint
and won't get rid of it you know they're
they're really fighting for it so you
might have to pick one person to take
down
and if you take down one CEO you only
need to do one just one high-profile uh
take him down and actually give them a
serious jail term either result or risk
it doesn't have to go all the way to
result could be just the risk because no
CEO wants to spend all their time
defending a Dei lawsuit that's just a
losing proposition even if you won the
law even if you won the case it's a
complete losing situation
so you pick
one and and you make it public and you
just go after them if you can get that
one person to say I sure wish I hadn't
done this it's going to give all the
other CEOs
everywhere permission and an excuse to
back off because they'd have a personal
reason I I don't want to go to jail
because the government just told me this
is illegal and uh I have a
responsibility to keep this company and
of legal trouble not just myself but I
have a responsibility to keep the
company and of legal trouble so as much
as I love this Dei stuff the this evil
government and bad old Trump is going to
make me get rid of it so you really only
have to do one just one CEO and the
whole thing will disappear pretty
quickly now do I believe that a CEO
should be
jailed over what is obviously deeply
illegal and the answer is no even if
that person got um convicted I think I
would almost immediately commute the
sentence you might keep the
conviction because you know they could
explain that away it wouldn't wouldn't
really hurt their career um but I don't
think that if the government is the one
that forced you into Dei and then the
next Administration says it's illegal
and takes you wild unwinded or you
haven't done it yet I feel like that's
partly the government's
fault do you hear
me it if we went if the government under
Trump went after a CEO or a company for
Dei but it was the government who was
pushing Dei before
that it's still
illegal still illegal so you have you
have to deal with it as a as a crime but
the first CEO I think you need to
commute the sentence give him a give
them a i fiveyear sentence for
discriminate whatever it is I don't know
maybe it's a fine if it's a fine then
I'd give them the
fine but if it's if it's a question of
somebody actually being in a jail
cell I think the President should
commute it if if it's possible you know
somebody should commute it because I
don't actually want to see a CEO go to
jail not for that if the government
forced the CEO into a position where
they figured they had to be it Dei else
the company couldn't
Thrive that's not that's very
understandable so yeah debank
them now I I I I think we have to be we
have to be
human um as much as I think we have to
respect the legal system there's a
reason that the legal system is
populated with humans because the humans
have the ability to
override any Injustice that the system
presents that's the human part we like
that that's why there are such things as
commuting and pardoning and stuff we we
like that the humans
could um even look at the evidence to
say you're guilty but the the jury could
what's that called jury null
nullification so humans can override the
justice department and this would be a
perfect example of that so I'd love to
see the justice department do what it
does find somebody guilty of the EI but
then make sure that the
punishment is you know handled in a
human way not not in a justice system
way because we humans put that CEO in
that position so the humans need to get
him out right we we have that
responsibility
um
meanwhile there's a little disagreement
in the government about the anti-obesity
drugs lmic and there there's some like
it uh apparently Dr Oz likes them uh
Elon Musk likes them and in fact he's
using one that he likes and thinks maybe
there's more use for it in the world so
he's Pro that but uh RFK JR says they
have a place but he's uh really pushing
for more natural weight loss
um I can confirm and I think everybody
who's tried this can confirm like
everybody else in the world in my most
of my adult
life um I could see that I was like
gaining more weight than I wanted just
what I thought was just normal eating
but as soon as I learned more about diet
and I stopped eating things that are
clearly just bad for you you know I
stopped eating wheat and processed foods
for the most part and I can't keep
weight
on like I could eat all day long and I
don't think I could gain weight if I
wanted to I would look like the people
you see the old photos of people in the
40s and the 30s walking the streets in
New York and not one of them is
overweight not even one because they
were eating the food at that I eat now I
don't think I could be overweight I
honestly eat all I want all day
long and I look in the mirror and go oh
looks like I lost weight
again so yeah uh RFK Jr is 100% % right
that if he could do something to fix our
food supply which is clearly poisoned um
we wouldn't need any
OIC but I would agree with uh Kennedy
when he says it has a place you know if
you're if you're 400
lb fixing your diet's not it's not going
to get there fast enough right so you
might need to do something at the same
time you're fixing your
diet all right uh you may know that
there are claims that uh icon and a
similar drug Fen
bendol have been sending signals that
they could be useful for treating cancer
in humans now I've been looking into it
for a variety of reasons and one of them
is that I'm always interested in how
data is collected I know it's kind of
nerdy but we've seen so many things that
we were told by science was
true that were untrue and vice versa
that I have such deep disrespect for the
scientific community's ability to tell
me what works that I look at everything
with super
skepticism now I don't know the truth so
here's the first part you need to know I
do not know I do not know if these two
drugs help with cancer I do not know so
I'm not saying they don't and I'm not
saying they do so that's the most
important thing you need to hear what
I'm going to talk about is how you would
decide given that the information is not
perfect so given imperfect information
in a world where it's hard to know who
to trust what would you look to to see
if it works so the first thing you need
to know is that I believe F and B benol
which is it's a similar anti- wormer
kind of thing it's just
different that they do work in the lab
so if you put them in a test tube with
not a test to but whatever if you if you
put some cancer cells and in the lab and
you throw these things on them it kills
the cancer cells or something like that
so it works in the lab in addition it
works on animals now that's good news if
it works on animals you're you know
you're at least up to about 5% chance it
will work on humans so only about 5% of
the time does something work in an
animal and also work in human now given
the the these are well-known and well
tolerated drugs and
inexpensive
um we know that uh there's probably not
a risk of dying well there's always some
risk but small risk so if we're not
worried about the side effects and that
doesn't seem to be the biggest problem
there are some but it's not the biggest
problem then maybe that five% chance is
a little bit greater right so the first
thing you need to know is if the only
thing you know it works in animals in
general there's a 5% chance of to work
in humans but some part of what prevents
it from working human would be the side
effects but these don't really have side
effects that would be large enough that
you'd care if if it worked against your
cancer so maybe more than
5% but on top of that there are very
strong
signals from humans so you'll you'll see
quite a few claims online
of um you know this person got better
this person got better you know they
have actual names of people and specific
studies where somebody appeared to uh
either clear their cancer
entirely um and I talked to one person
who had that who had that experience and
um others who seem to be getting good
results
now so so that's those are the things
that everybody would agree on so
everybody agrees works in The LAB Works
in animals doesn't have too many side
effects and there's really strong
signals from a whole variety of
different
researchers and it's been studied um not
in not in isolated studies but here's
the claim the claim is that in
people um the it works primarily when
it's in conjunction with other treatment
so in other words if you're giving one
of the pills that treat you for a
certain kind of cancer because different
cancers have different treatments uh so
if you're doing the chemo or you're
taking a pill because that's a normal
thing you would do for these cancers
then you also take the icin Andor Fen
benzol the claim is that what the other
thing you're doing is more effective so
the claim again this is not my claim I'm
not saying it's true or false I don't
know but the claim is that there are
enough individual anecdotal cases where
somebody would do the normal treatment
but they need add in these drugs and
then
reportedly they would get a better
result if they added in these treatments
now what do you make of this situation
so far if the only thing I told you is
that it seems to work on Animals by
itself not in conjunction with other
treatments but as soon as they treat it
on people
the only the signal that they could find
most clearly is when they combined it
with another treatment now the quote
other
treatments exist because they work right
the reason chemo exists is because it
works not 100% not in every person in
every way so would you agree with the
following statement that if you were
just looking at one person having chemo
you could not really predict how it's
going to go they could have a real good
result all the way to complete remission
depending on the cancer they could also
have not such good luck like the cancer
is more aggressive and it doesn't do
enough to help so if you're combining
the thing that works for sure by itself
and an
animal but we know that
there's kind of a small chance it's
going to work in humans and then when
you test it with
humans the the signal seems strong when
they're doing the other thing at the
same time but they haven't done the the
gold standard controlled
trial they just say it looks like it
gives you a little extra when combined
with the other thing here's my question
if the other thing is combined with can
be all over the map in terms of how
effective It Is by itself and then you
add this one new thing and let's say
hypothetically it did nothing at all
wouldn't you produce a whole bunch of
people who seem to have a better better
than average
outcome because some people always have
better than average outcomes and then
you say yes I gave this person chemo and
I also gave them the pill and they did
much better than the average
person would that tell you
anything I would say
no I would say no that doesn't tell you
anything with certainty because people
would have great variability on the
other thing they're on so how do you
know it isn't just an ordinary
variability well the way you would find
that out is through a large controlled
study which has not been
done so the the one thing that would
tell you if it works a large controlled
study that's I don't think that's been
done but there have been studies where
they said hey somebody doing chemo
seemed to get good results now the other
thing that messes up the data
is human
beings if if you find me a human who's
taking
icton let's say in addition to chemo do
you think that's the only thing they're
taking no if somebody's taking Ian
they've said damn it I'm going to have
to do this myself so I'm going to change
my diet so you'll find people who went
on a keto or I think keto usually went
on a keto diet
they changed their lifestyle maybe they
added some healthy stuff they started
boosting their vitamin D because why
wouldn't you then they did some research
they found out oh there's five different
supplements that seem to help you sort
of in a general way maybe you know your
immune system so maybe you take that too
and you start making all these
changes how do you really know what made
the difference because there's no body
who just took the one thing so here's
what I would
call proof proof to me would look like
this we have a cancer that we have no
cure for you could do chemo and it won't
cure you you could do radiation you
could take a pill it won't cure you we
know that that that's known but here's
somebody who had that incurable disease
and they took nothing but these pills
and then they got better there's no way
to explain that if if it's let say
several people there'd be no way to
explain that unless it worked would you
agree it's
incurable but here's five people who
cured it taking this pill
so if I found five people who did
nothing but the pills and they had
complete complete success against an
incurable disease not the curable kinds
because the curable kinds you're already
using the curable The Cure you know if
chemo could cure you you're already on
chemo right no doubt about it if it
could cure
you so I don't believe that we've seen a
signal that guarantees it works we've
seen enough signal to be really really
interested and so a lot of researchers
are doing everything they can to dig
deeper and you know work with enough
anecdotal situations so you can build up
a build up a database that you could
tell whether it works or not so here's
what I'm going to here's My overall
framing you can't tell anything if it
works in a lab you can't really tell
anything if it works in an animal you
can't tell anything if you test on
somebody who's also doing other
things right do you agree with that
unless it's a really big study gold
standard controls and everybody in it is
only doing the things that you're
looking for there there isn't somebody
who's also overdosing on vitamin D and
there isn't somebody in the study also
doing three things that they didn't
mention you you could do it but nobody's
done anything near that so here's here's
my
challenge uh I I'm always
suspicious when a drug works on an
animal by
itself but when you test it on humans it
only works when you're doing something
else that you know
works and has variability you know
individuals respon on to in a variable
way that doesn't feel like enough to me
now there have been some a lot of people
have said Scott you're wrong I we do
have examples where somebody took this
and got better I want to talk to one so
if you can find one here's what I'm
looking for I'm going to take an
incurable example met metastatic
prostate
cancer we'll just we'll just keep it to
that because that's
incurable there's no cure to that you
can slow it down but you can't cure it
uh if your prostate cancer is localized
it can be cured by removing it and some
other kinds of processes but once it's
once it's going past the prostate
there's no known cure so find me any
person who for their own reasons or
whatever took only these pills ion and F
bendol and cured it and just cured it
and and the doctors would confirm that
they don't have it
anymore if that's true I need to talk to
that person and it might only take me
one although if you're talking to one
you don't know if they're telling you
the truth or you maybe the doctor
misdiagnosed them or something so you
probably need a small
handful but I wouldn't need I don't
think I'd need a gold standard
trial if you said well here's five
people and I talked to them myself and
they go you I promise you
the only thing I did differently is
maybe I took a little extra vitamin D I
wouldn't count that but I took these two
drugs and here's my here's my doctor's
report says I'm cleared now if I saw
that I'd say we'd better get on this
right away so I'll put this challenge
out um I believe that the signals are
very
strong so I I see Dr mackus is being uh
mentioned so I'm I'm familiar with all
the players at this point I've looked
into it enough that I know the players
and uh they do have strong signals so
I'm not telling you it doesn't work I
literally do not know I hope it does I'd
be I'd be really happy if I did
but you need to find me a few people or
even
one where there's a real live person
whose doctor says yeah that's all they
did as far as I know they just did that
one thing and now they don't have that
anymore so but there are other kinds of
cancers and they all respond to
different things so they're maybe there
may be 10 different cancers that it
works really well on and it may be
because it is a thing so it is a thing
that something could work in conjunction
with another drug but not make much
difference by
itself however the argument for iacon is
that we know the mechanism of how it
works against cancer so if we know the
mechanism of how it works but it only
works if you're using it with another
treatment that's that's not squaring
with me so that makes me
suspicious so um yes I'm aware of the
doctors you're mentioning and the
experts you
mentioned but if anybody knows somebody
who cured cured any kind of cancer with
these pills and nothing else I would
definitely be interested in talking to
them
personally so let's find out what's
going on there all right
um Jonathan turle is uh talking about
how the covid lab leak Theory uh how the
Wall Street Journal exposed that uh
despite the fact that there were people
in the government who had been asked to
study
it um they' been asked to study where
that Source was and there were experts
in the government who said yeah we're
pretty sure it came from the lab it was
the lab leak the government decided to
ignore the people who they' asked to
study it and said it's probably a lad
leak
and decided to instead use the lab leak
Theory as a way to attack Trump as being
racist and
anti-science so so the question that uh
toly asks is not not do we know that
they covered it up because we know know
that now the question is
why now the obvious answer would be that
Biden was you know owned by China but
this started before Biden right didn't
didn't all the push back from the
media uh start during Trump's
Administration when he was calling it
The China
virus um I I feel like the media just
use anything they could use to go after
Trump and that was the highest priority
and nothing else
mattered I think that nothing mattered
to the media except can we use this as a
way to call Trump a racist and that's
what happened I I think it actually
might be as simple
as what's good for Trump and what's bad
for Trump and then that's all there was
I don't think the science mattered I
don't think the data mattered I don't
think any mattered except one version
was bad for Trump and one wasn't so they
picked the bad bad for Trump
one anyway so I think that's the entire
the entire story that get Trump made
people
crazy and useless and
stupid meanwhile the black lives uh
black lives matter movement which uh I
think most of you know for now was a
fake movement it was just funded to be
anti-trump and started narrative but it
was not organic there were there were
certainly many members of it who had
honest feelings about things but in
terms of organization which is what gets
people on the streets the organizing
part of it
was not real it was it was a fake
organization in terms of the funding it
was fake anyway so the what was left of
BLM they held a protest in New York over
the death of Robert Brook
which name I had never heard of until I
looked into it today and fewer than 20
people showed up for their black lives
matter protest now when I saw the story
I thought huh I never even heard of this
story and I looked into it and there's a
video of New York correctional officers
beating a black guy to death in some
kind of a medical setting that looked
like they're in a doctor's office and
there's no sound on it
so what we see is some correctional
officers in some somewhat of a good mood
but some of them are just doing horrible
things to a guy who appears to be have
his hands tied behind his
back
now I don't know what was going on
because what they were doing to him
wasn't matched with any actions that you
could see from him so it wasn't obvious
that he was resisting anything like I
think his hands were tied or at least
weren't active um and he was being badly
abused I mean really badly abused
so um I guess there's a question I
have if I had to guess it looked like he
was
spinning but I don't want to I don't
want to put that out there as a fact
because there's no explanation for what
they were doing to him uh and the way
they were doing it to him unless he was
spitting at them they may have told him
don't spit at me or we're going to get
tough and maybe he did but I'm just
guessing because it didn't it didn't
look like they were just getting revenge
for past things it looked like they were
trying to fix something that was
happening right then that they didn't
like maybe thought it was dangerous and
they were responding with physical
Force so
I think there's more to learn about this
story so we have to figure out why so
many people were in a room and they were
all they seemed seemingly they were all
okay with what looked completely
insanely inappropriate and dangerous and
and racist um if you're just looking at
the Silent Video but we know that video
is misleading it's the worst thing in
the world when you're trying to figure
out what really happened in our simpler
time we thought well if we we saw it in
video we know what happened but I think
most of us are smart enough to know that
video can be super misleading this is
one of those so I don't know if people
didn't show up because they didn't know
what the real story was but I doubt it I
don't think that's ever stopped anybody
before it looks like black lives matter
is just unfunded and
defunct meanwhile
uh uh KL Harris got a uh book deal
according to Wall Street Apes at uh $20
million book deal $20 million is very
close to what she
owes um from all the campaign spending
but I don't think that these numbers are
going to mingle so my guess is that she
keeps the 20 million and the campaign is
a separate entity so it'll just still
owe 20 million she I don't think she's
going to pay off the debt with her book
book earnings but as smart people have
learned this is how
um basically this is how bribes are paid
you pay bribes by giving somebody a book
deal and then if you were to look into
it you'd say why are you paying so much
for this when you know you won't sell
that many copies do you think there's
any publisher who can make their money
back if they do a $20 million book deal
for Harris's
book
no now let me tell you something about
the book industry which I I know because
I was part of it for sometimes
Publishers uh need to get the big names
uh in their catalog because the big
names give them the all the attention of
the bookstores and the book sellers and
it allows them to attract other writers
so if you're Sho if you happen to be a
good writer and people want you and
you're you're good enough that they're
that you can shop around wouldn't you be
impressed if a past vice president or
potential president had a book deal
there so that would tell you oh these
are good Publishers if if KL Harris
picked them for her book I mean I'd be
safe to pick them for my book because
she must have done the homework right so
the first thing you need to know is that
these oversized book deals are
marketing so for the book company it's
marketing so let's say you went to the
book company and say hey we know that
you'll never make money back on this
thing so obviously it's a
bribe and the publisher editor would say
well let me explain how our industry
works we overpay for celebrities knowing
we won't make our money back but we do
that because it's marketing and IT
attracts you know better authors who are
more serious and we can make money on
them and then the investigators will
have to say oh okay I didn't know that
was normal that's the end of the trail
they they just tell them it's nor normal
business and it is normal so there's
nothing to see
here the other thing you need to know is
that when Publishers announce how much
they're paying for a book it's often a
total lie how many of you do that do do
you think somebody's going to send her a
check for $20
million because the news reported
it I once had a $25 million book deal
and uh it was widely reported in the
Press Dilbert cartoonist gets a $25
million book deal do you think I got
paid $25 million for my books does
anybody think that no it was totally
made
up it's just a totally madeup number now
it's made up from scraps of truth that
you use some Hyperbole and you say if
things went this way and if something
extraordinary happened you know it could
reach this number but no 25 million I
think was closer to
five maybe eight you know by by the time
you're done those numbers are not real
and then out of that you pay your agent
or in my case my syndication company and
then you pay taxes and then you pay
taxes so your your 25 million might be
really
eight maybe 15 to half of that goes to
another partner
and then half of that goes to the
government so a 25 million paycheck
might be 4 million in cash when you're
done how many of you knew that so when
you see a book deal number they're not
real those are not real numbers they're
they're they're doing what they can to
make it appear the biggest number so it
could be something like this I'm not
saying it is but it could be that the 20
million is if you sell this many books
we'll give you 5 million which maybe is
the market
rate uh but if something really amazing
happened and you sold this many we'd
give you $10
million and if you make a if you're a
best seller we will automatically give
you money for your second book and
that's another five million but if the
second book does well that could be 15
million so it's a whole bunch of if this
if this next book
if you you know maybe 20 million it's
not real money it's it's not it's
fake fake news Katherine herriage um who
is a well-respected journalist in our in
our world in which not all not all the
journalists are well respected but she
is and she said that there would be some
kind of CIA
whistleblower um event today has anybody
heard anything today so Katherine
herriage CIA
whistleblower any any announcement yet
it's coming today and she's teased it as
being
substantial now she would not say that
because again one of the few credible
respected journalists she wouldn't say
it's a big deal unless it was a big
deal so someone's coming today she just
posted it what is
it she literally just posted it
is it about the uh is it about the
energy
weapon God I hope
not it's the energy
weapon oh don't be don't be about the
energy
weapon don't be that cuz you know what I
would worry about
right remember I just told you that
she's one of the few respected
journalists and she got fired for CBS
for being respected journalist do you
think they're done with
her I worry that the CIA whistleblower
isn't up and that somebody's going to
give her some ridiculous story that will
seem credible because it's a CIA guy all
right here we go we're looking at it
breaking this is Katherine herriage CIA
whistleblower comes forward Former
Intelligence officer claims career
entering injuries caused by Foreign
directed energy weapon leaked defense
department letters acknowledging injur
injuries are and experiences are
real
um oh it's
nothing uh let me translate this for
you people just saying it's real doesn't
mean
anything the injuries are
real I if there's not more than the
injuries are real the the part that we
already knew is the injuries are real
that doesn't mean there's a
weapon I think she might be getting
Kracken that's what it looks
like because if you are the bad guys you
would want to make sure that the
credible
people got taken down so but thank you
for putting that in the comments
breaking news as soon as it
happens um
did you do you know the story about the
open AI
whistleblower so there was this uh
gentleman who worked for open AI sushir
bellagi age 26 and uh before he could
get his story out completely I guess he
died of a
suicide um just last month suicide it
was
ruled um it was a suicide in which his
apartment was was rans
sacked cuz what you do before you do
that is you rans sack your own
apartment a whistleblower his family
said he was happy there were no no
indications he had any problems in his
life let me see this neurological
symptoms uh caused by
weapon there's been a cover up yeah you
see what's missing so what's missing
with the CIA cover up is is there a
picture of the weapon is there is there
a description of the weapon is there
somebody who says yes we have a weapon
is there a video of the weapon has any
Russians said we have a weapon if the
only reporting is these are real
injuries but the extent of the injuries
is being covered up if that's all there
is that is not evidence of a directed
energy weapon from the Soviets or from
the
Russians yeah and and by the way I'm not
saying that there's no such thing as a
directed energy
weapon I'm pretty sure there
is myy questions whether they're used in
this way by Russia that part I don't
believe anyway so this uh open AI
whistleblower he did some kind of
analysis
where he claimed
that he had mathematical proof that chat
gpt's copyright
violations um that mostly what mostly
chat GPT was made up of copyright
violations basically
and let's see here are the other things
according to
uh let's
see a few different sources for this
it's all over the news today but
apparently the the mother was not
allowed to see his body before he was
cremated in what world are you not
allowed to see your own son's body
before it's cremated that's
weird um his family was pressured to
approve rapid
cremation okay his hard drives
vanished the hard drives which were
relevant to the open AI stuff now these
are allegations so I don't know these
claims are true it's just alleged and
U and his
autopsy the autopsy leaked and it
suggested quote trauma in many different
places on his
body because that's how you end yourself
you you beat yourself up in various
parts of your
body
okay
um and it was just about the time that
the New York Times had a lawsuit for 157
billion against open AI for exactly the
stuff that his this fellow's analysis
said really was true and that 94% of
chat gpt's outputs were stolen from
copyrighted
works I'm not sure if stolen is the
right word to use because that's that's
putting judgment on it we don't know
what's legal or illegal in this mode
yet
um and uh they say that uh open AI CEO
say and made no announcement to
employees about
it now all of these things could be
explained don't you think if you picked
any one of them it'd be like let's say
family was pressured to approve a rapid
cremation don't you think there's more
to
that like maybe the reason is that they
simply didn't have capacity at the morg
because there are so many fentel deaths
because you know that San Francisco is
overrun with Sentinel overdose deaths
higher than ever don't you think that
there's literally a capacity problem in
handling the dead
bodies if there's a capacity problem in
handling the dead
bodies then you could see that they
would be pressured to approve a rapid
cremation but it would be innocent it
would just be based on their capacity uh
you could imagine that that rapid
pressure meant that the mother couldn't
arrange your traveling to get there in
time so she would say I wasn't allowed
to see the body but really it was just
capacity problem they had to do it soon
she couldn't arrange traveling so the
way she says it is I wasn't allowed to
see the body that would be normal that'
be just like ordinary business it would
be bad but it would be ordinary then his
hard drives containing the internal open
AI documents
vanished well if you were a
whistleblower and you had a physical
drive that you knew was the the real
powerful stuff would you keep it in your
apartment maybe or you might worry that
somebody would try to come get it and
you would make sure you took it out of
your computer yourself and you put it
somewhere so I'm not convinced that not
having those documents in his apartment
is a Smoking
Gun and and then the autopsy leak
suggest trauma in many different places
uh that one's the biggest Smoking Gun
but the question I would ask is is the
autopsy leak real how do you know that's
a real
autopsy so these are the questions I
have I would say that
the the suspicions are
Skyhigh the suspicions are Skyhigh I
don't think anything's proven yet and at
least not to my satisfaction but do you
imagine that a company that's changing
the world world would kill their
whistleblower well I don't believe that
Sam mman would put down a hit on an
employee so in in no world do I believe
the Sam Alman said you know what things
would go a lot better for my company and
I'd make more money if I just have this
guy
killed I know I live in the real world
and sometimes people do bad things but
if you're telling me that Sam Alman
ordered a
yet I don't
know I I I think you couldn't drag me to
that opinion that no however let's go a
little deeper do you believe that the
CIA is going to let uh the AI companies
operate
independently well according to Mark
Andre the Silicon Valley investors have
been told directly no the government is
going to control AI there will only be
two or three big companies that succeed
in it and we going to basically be in in
their pocket the entire time and they
kind of need to be because if if the
government doesn't control AI the
government will probably be destroyed by
AI imagine if the government told you
the truth imagine if AI told you the
truth all the
time it would destroy the
government the government wouldn't be
able to bank War it wouldn't be able to
to do anything that it does now because
most of it's corrupt so the government
100% has to have iron tight control over
AI now imagine that the CIA knows that
they have this valuable asset which they
now have control over but when I say
control I mean only control over the
things they care about they they don't
they don't care too much about you know
the features in the product right they
only care that the things they care
about are taken care of now would the
CIA
kill an American
citizen just murder them if the stakes
were possibly the end of the government
and the United States well yes they
would yes they would yeah totally so do
you have a motive yes not Sam mman but
if some intelligence agency said we
can't we can't have a world where open a
AI gets taken down because we have to
compete we can't get behind China and if
stealing all this copyrighted work and
killing a killing a whistleblower is how
you get to be the best AI country better
than China then we just got to kill the
guy
now suppose I came to you and said all
right you're in charge of this
decision uh this whistleblower would
probably open AI it will
basically make it they'll be sued by
every content maker including
me it would just be a frenzy if we if
they proved that they'd stolen I guess a
call is stolen copyrighted work and it
could be
demonstrated but if AI if open AI fails
probably the other AIS are susceptible
to the same problem because probably
whatever open AI did to train is not
that different from other AIS
so suppose this whistleblower could have
taken down open AI but but just
crippling their business model they
wouldn't be able to make a move and then
the other AI say oh shoot we we got our
AI the same way they did and so
everybody's crippled in the United
States at the same time so just destroy
our AI potential and we would be behind
but all right you're you're an
Intelligence Agency of theed States
you're a patriot and you're also you're
the dirty Trix person so you're the one
who kills
people under the conditions that
somebody in the government said we don't
like to kill people but we're going to
have to do it this time it's the only
way the United States can survive in a
world where AI dominance probably
probably will determine if you
survive would you order the
hit on this citizen who's just trying to
do do the right thing if you thought it
could save the country and your
certainty for that was high like 60 70%
chance it's the difference between the C
the our country
surviving the AI era and not and and
being taken over by I don't know Chinese
hackers who use Ai and destroy the
country the answer is you'd probably
you'd have a tough time with it but
you'd probably order the
so this was a
whistleblower whose whistleblowing could
have destroyed the United States fairly
in a fairly obvious simplistic way like
you don't you don't have to connect a
lot of dots if if he took out if the
legal system could be activated by what
The Whistleblower knew it would
all the AI companies and they wouldn't
be able to get out of it for who knows
how long they just wouldn't be able to
do anything they'd just be paying off
lawsuits
and I don't know I I would say that if
you follow the
money but you also follow physical
security probably the CIA had them
killed and I'm not sure that I'm worse
off for
that I hate to say it I mean you know
morally ethically of course it's all
repugnant we could agree on that but did
they just kill an American citizen to
try to save the
country I'd hate to give him
credit but if you tell me it was the
wrong
play I'm going to agree with you morally
and
ethically but if you don't think this
would have been an existential threat to
the country if this whistleblower had
you know made his case it was an exist
existential threat to the country I I
mean I really think it was so I don't
know are we better off or worse
off well I can't believe that he would
be the only one who could be able to do
this analysis he must have shared it
with somebody um even if only has a dead
man switch so we might see more of this
if a second whistleblower dies I'm going
to say I know what's going on if a
second whistleblower says oh I've got
his hard drive
and so now I'm The Whistleblower and
just does fine thrives takes the company
to court wins the case closes down Ai
and Never Dies never gets killed then
then I would rethink the first one but
if there's a second whistleblower who
comes with the same set of data and also
dies
mysteriously I'm going to go with the
CIA order to hit
Theory or somebody ordered it yet I
doubt it was Sam mman all
right um a CBS News journalist made some
news Jan Crawford she was on face
thetion and was asked the most
underreported 2024 story was Biden's
obvious cognitive decline how do you
feel when you see a professional
journalist say that the biggest Miss of
the year was reporting on Biden's
obvious cognitive decline
now under reported I don't think
captures what was going on here under
reported just feels like you know in
retrospect we should have said more
about it this was intentional it wasn't
under
reported it was intentionally fake
news yeah are were there any other
things that were under reported H let's
see Biden ran on the fine people hoax he
based his campaign on the find people
hoax
Scopes and lots of other sources
including me debunked it
thoroughly do you remember the major
mainstream news that said the main thing
that Biden ran on is now thoroughly
debunked that one was really important
nope no no news on that you maybe Fox
News but but not the
mainstream um how about the Biden crime
family do you think that was a little
bit under
reported do you think that mattered at
all that he was lit literally a criminal
Enterprise as president I think that was
a little underreported just a little bit
um how about how about the reporting
that the Insurrection hoax was a hoax
was there any reporting that the entire
um January 6 committee was completely
corrupt and ran an op on the country I
don't remember that reporting I don't
remember seeing it again Fox News breit
Bart will have stories like that but not
not the mainstream
ones um I I see what you're saying I'm
seeing a a lawyer way and it's not clear
that training AI is a copyright
violation any more than if I go to
school and read books and train my
mind
um I hear what you're saying that that's
definitely an unsettled question but you
wouldn't want to take the risk it got
settled would
you leaving it unsettled they have a
business model but if you take it to
court do you think the jury
agrees so your argument that it's no
different then reading a book and
learning it and then you know that
information when you go forward that's
true for humans but I don't know if that
would pass muster in the trial so if
there's a risk that it won't work
you might still have to order the
hit anyway so those are all the things
that were under reported but I wonder
how many things in total were under
reported let's see what's the current
list according to uh xuser morbidly
obtuse um here's the current list of
media hoaxes now I'm holding it up if
you're listening to it on Spotify or
something um you can't see it but this
fills the entire page with one bullet
point a piece for the hoaxes I didn't
count them but they're approximately
50
50
50 this is just since the Trump ERA this
isn't
history this is current news what would
you like me to randomly pick one just to
see if these are real all right
all
right Trump saved nuclear secrets at
maralago no that was fake news that was
fake news or at least there's no
evidence they did
that Patriot
front the Patriot front well we don't
know what the real story is but we think
we do all
right um Trump built the cages for
migrant kids of course that was Obama
buil
them uh if you get vaccinated you won't
catch
covid these are real these These are 50
about
50 media hoaxes now do you remember the
big story in the media that they've
allowed 50 media
hoaxes to be treated as real news do you
know what's under reported
this what's underreported is that the
news isn't
real that's a little
underreported no the the correct answer
is not you know we had a good year but
we got that one topic wrong no no that's
not the right answer you didn't have a
good year you didn't get one topic wrong
you still are ignoring the fact that KL
Harris was obviously drunk and had a
problem how is how is ignoring KL
Harris's obvious
inebriation how is that different from
ignoring Joe Biden's obvious mental
decline they're they're
identical right I mean you and I have
seen enough video where not every time
she was in public but a number of times
including recently where she was clearly
smashed and not once did the media the
regular media report on it social media
was all over it
but
wow the the level of lying and incon
incompetence and confirmation bias is
just
shocking uh meanwhile Joe Biden um has a
theory about why he didn't get you know
he didn't do better in the election and
had to drop out um he said that uh he
regrets choosing his own attorney
general Merit Garland because uh I'll
just summarize it um he didn't use
lawfare hard enough to get
Trump now those are my words that's
basically what he said that he was too
slow he slowed down the prosecution of
trump but he sped up the prosecution of
uh
Hunter well I'm pretty sure that the
justice department tried to get Hunter
completely cleared it just didn't work
out because people caught him
but so he you know at least they tried
to do what he wanted which is get his
son off completely
um but he's actually so lost that he
goes in public and suggests that maybe
the reason things didn't work out for
him is they didn't do enough
lawfare
unbelievable and and do you think that
the uh regular news will report that
denile Joe didn't do enough law breaking
to win and that's what he said in public
no no they'll they'll just quote it no
comment the real Mark
Polo Scott analysis has going bad
recently why are there never an
example what what would be an example of
something I got wrong just
one anyway there might be
all right here's the funniest story of
the
day um on X a usern named
Damon Damon Linker who is a senior
lecturer in political science at Penn
all right so if you're a senior lecturer
on political science at pen you know a
little bit about politics don't you
because you know they don't give those
jobs to just anybody so somebody who
really understands politics he said that
in a post I've been struggling a bit
since the election not emotionally but
intellectually I was never the biggest
resistance guy but as I was on his side
against Trump uh and then he points to
an article written by Ross Barkin he
says nicely captured why I uh felt the
drift since November 5th we have lots of
work to do okay so he's somebody who's
you know understands that Something's
Happened he's trying to figure out you
know how why he feels the way he does
and this article has some things he
agrees with so I looked at the
article and I will summarize the article
by saying that Ross Barkin effectively
said that everything Democrats did was
stupid and ineffective and they need to
rethink 100% of everything they did
because absolutely nothing they did was
smart now that's that's my paraphrase
but it's pretty close and then uh he
mentioned you know that the Hitler talk
didn't work the censoring Free Speech
didn't work the it's a brat summer
didn't work
basically was all just stupid and
incompetent and
insane so this this poor political
science lecturer Damon Linker he's like
struggling to figure out just struggling
to figure out why I feel the way I do
and
then and then he points to an article
that says they just did everything wrong
and then denesh duza you all know denesh
he had he had a comment to this uh poor
guy's U confusion It's the funniest
thing I've heard he said it is hard to
come to terms with the fact that one is
an idiot a fact that years of fake
erudition has apparently suppressed in
one's
mind he didn't like it uh the Damon
didn't like that comment so he commented
back but um I would like to make this
one observation
nobody likes to be
summarized nobody likes to be
summarized this was a perfect summary
that the the real problem is that he
thought he was smart about politics
indeed he's a lecturer at Penn in
political science obviously he's smart
about politics but you can be smart
about politics and still lose terribly
because you think the news is real
so if you don't go to the next level of
understanding about political science oh
by the way the news is completely
unreal if you thought the news was real
and you're lecturing to kids about
political science I would I would hate
to have my kid in that class because I'd
be afraid of what they're learning
really you're learning that the news was
real and that therefore Trump was a
monster is that what you're teaching him
because you need to step back and
understand that you were an idiot right
if you watched how the how the news
operated and you didn't notice that
there were over 50 obvious coordinated
hoaxes on TV
coordinated obvious hoaxes 50 of them
just in the last Trump era if you didn't
notice
that it might be harsh to say you're an
idiot because it's more like
brainwashing it's not it's not actually
an IQ problem
brainwashing nobody's nobody has a any
defense to it so it doesn't matter how
smart you are or how well informed the
brainwashing still works that's why it's
brainwashing it's not reason so I think
his problem is he just got surrounded by
people who had a certain view watched
the news thought it was real and he was
effectively brainwashed into not
understanding his own
specialty his own specialty is Political
Science and the brainwashing is so so
strong that let let's be honest he's not
he's not an idiot he's probably way
smarter than almost all of us probably
yeah I mean if by the time you're a
senior lecturer at pen I mean you're
smart you're really smart but being
smart doesn't help you if you can't see
past the fake news and the TDS and you
don't know the confirmation bias is is
your operating system then everything's
invisible to you you'd be Flying Blind
so I think that that was the problem so
although uh Desha's comment was
hilarious
is it's not completely right because
there there's nothing wrong with his
brain he's just
brainwashed
um here's a analytical problem that I
keep seeing people making and in this
case there was a Republican politician
who made it but I'll just make the
general comment um I keep seeing people
say
that uh immigration is what made the
country great and there's so much so
many examples in our whole American
history where we're better off because
of lots of uh immigration therefore
since it's always been good in our
history then it's good now is that a
good
argument that
for 200 years plus the United States was
definitely better off because of
immigration no doubt about it which I
agree with that I would say that's just
a fact but does that mean that it's
still a good
idea well that would depend has anything
changed badly duped by Bill Gates no you
don't know that I all I did was ask you
for the evidence
and
then things would go quiet so you can't
say I was duped by Bill Gates you could
say you have an opinion that's not
backed by
evidence and I've asked you for the
evidence and do do we have a suspicion
that Bill Gates is up to no good and
using his Charities to make money yes we
do do we have an ability to read his
mind no are there any documents
that suggest that
no so your certainty is irrational you
might be right but not because the
evidence is
conclusive all
right so here's my only my only uh
comment on immigration if you thought it
was great in the past and therefore we
should do more of it that is not a good
analysis because too much has changed in
the past uh give me a fact check on this
so I'm going to make some statements
tell me if you think these are all true
in the past uh our country imported
mostly Christians is that
true mostly Christians in the early days
of the country and mostly into empty a
big country that had plenty of room and
also at a time when International
terrorism hadn't even been
invented and um we had unlimited demand
for unskilled
workers do does that describe much of
America's past so I'll say it again
mostly Christian immigrants or people
who grew up in you know that kind of uh
environment and we were mostly a
Christian country so it's mostly
bringing in people who already started
with kind of the same set of values and
no risk of international terrorism at
the time and pretty much every body who
came in if you had hands and legs you
could get a job working some manual
thing you didn't you didn't need a lot
of training training wasn't a big issue
then so under those
conditions was the mass immigration of
our history a good
idea I say yes does anybody disagree
with that they historically it was a
good
idea I'm seeing some nopes well we I can
say for sure that if we didn't if we had
not build up to the number of people we
have and we wouldn't have done it
through natural natural births if we
hadn't got to the size we're at we could
not have won helped win World War II we
wouldn't have the biggest economy we
wouldn't have plenty of geniuses because
we have so many people so I can tell you
with my background in
economics immigration in the past was a
complete winner complete winner you
there's always some downside but the the
benefits over the cost gigantic gigantic
benefits over the cost now here's what's
different we now have competition for
jobs like we've never had we now have
the need for skilled labor not unlimited
unskilled
labor um we uh were not letting in
exclusively people who are already sort
of Christian into a Christian country
and already you know buying into the the
main things so here's what I think has
to
be um part of the
conversation the thing that matters is
the rate of
assimilation and we don't talk about
that
enough so if you were America a 100
years ago and you led in somebody
Irish they already spoke
English they were probably Christian
and pretty easy to assimilate right but
if you let in say let's say uh a uh
Islamic
family or let's say a couple you let in
an Islamic person or a couple do you
worry that their set of beliefs will be
conflicting with the dominant beliefs in
the country so that if you let in one
person it would be no big deal if you
let in millions of people who had that
same character istic that at the
beginning they're not exactly like the
people who are already here in terms of
the social ethical moral opinions of
what's right and wrong
so but if you took any one family an
Islamic country or Islamic uh couple and
they had a kid what are the odds that
the child who would then be raised in
America would have old Islamic beliefs
same as their parents versus would be
pretty much buying into the American
Experience pretty much by the second
generation everybody's just an
American now that that's an
overstatement right there are exceptions
but would would you buy
that that uh frame by the second
generation everybody's just an American
now that's one of the superpowers of
America our cult culture here is so
strong that we export it without even
trying there there are countries all
over the world that dress like us listen
to our music you know wish they had our
political system look to us to see
what's right and wrong our our American
culture is super strong and sticky so
you could bring in a very fundamentalist
Islamic
family and by the Next Generation
they're just Americans the kids are just
Americans and I I've never seen an
exception to have
you have you have you spent time around
the children of first generation
immigrants I have I spent a lot of time
with people who are who their children
now adults but the children of uh
immigrants every one of them is just an
American every one of them there's not a
single person who's like you know acts
like the old country it's just not a
thing
so here's what I think needs to be part
of the conversation if you tell me I'm
going to bring in a million Islamic
people and mostly they're going to
settle in one state is that the same as
the way we did immigration in the past
because if you bring in a million that
have a completely different set of
values you have the problem that they
might set up their own little micro
culture and just say you know we're
going to do a little homeschooling and
our kids are not going to grow up as
Americans because that's the worst
thing so if you brought in like a
million people and put them in one
state you put the whole state and the
country at risk because now you've
brought in really something where the
second generation has some chance of not
automatically becoming Americans like
everybody does because they might be
isolated you know sort of like the Amish
except not as productive you know the
Amish are Christians so you you know
that them having their own little thing
where they operate as themselves doesn't
have any impact on us in fact they're
great citizens um but if you brought
somebody in who really had a different
culture everything would be fine if you
don't bring in too many of them too
quickly because the second generation
would already be
Americans 100% wrong you say that's a
strong argument you have there 100%
wrong sorry I I I changed my opinion
because there was one person that said
I'm 100%
wrong
anyway this is ridiculous have you
noticed you don't have
reasons for for those of you who are
completely unhappy with what I just
said
um
yeah
so I I see what you're saying I hear
what you're say
uh Minnesota
Dearborn no you you're telling me I'm
wrong but you're agreeing with me so
somebody's saying I'm wrong because of
Dearborn Michigan Dearborn Michigan is
my point that's not your point Dearborn
Michigan is an example of doing it wrong
so I'm
saying that Dearborn is my example of
doing it wrong so I'm not wrong
for agreeing with you that Dearborn is
an example of doing it wrong all right
so disagreeing with me necessarily means
that your opinion is different from mine
that's the way to do
that if you agree with me completely
don't yell you're 100%
wrong all right and the other thing is
that uh we've had way too much
immigration lately which has not been
the case in the past and the employment
is not exactly where where we want it so
I would say that all the things that
were true in the past let let me see if
I can find the one place where you'll
agree with me let's see if I can get
everybody to agree with just this using
our history of
immigration as a
justification for what we do today is a
bad argument everybody okay with
that just that point using our
successful immigration of the past is no
argument at all
that we should do something in in the
present everything's different so you
should you should look at it like it
just it was a new decision that's
all anyway uh the Western Journal
Douglas golden is reporting that uh the
World Bank um doesn't know where their
$41 billion in funding for climate
change stuff went
to but um there was some factchecking on
that and the world fund organization or
yeah the World Bank wants you to know no
no no no it's not that we lost the money
it's just that we don't know where it
went uh yeah so so it's not lost people
don't worry it's just they don't know
where it
went so I'm going to give you this model
for the
world everything large is
corrupt everything so the World Bank
very large 41 billion in funding climate
climate stuff
corrupt um big Pharma corrupt big food
corrupt big Finance corrupt big
government
corrupt right there there's a pretty
obvious and clear pattern but your next
dear neighbor well may be totally honest
maybe your family member could be
totally honest and immoral
at the smallest scale of
human activity you can have complete
honesty as soon as it
grows the the odds of complete Honesty
go down if you've ever worked for a big
company for
example if you're if even if your
department is just say a 100 people you
know of a larger company that 100 people
is already enough that 25 of them are
just completely
liars and 10 of them are trying to find
a way to steal money from the company so
scale guarantees corruption it
guarantees it so when people say to me
Scott why do you think that climate
change could be corrupt and maybe maybe
lying to you just for money why why do
you think that and the answer is I don't
have to research it you don't have to
research that you just say how big is it
and they'd say well
could be a trillion dollars if we did
everything we wanted to do and I would
say how many people are involved oh
hundreds of thousands of people so
hundreds of thousands of
people and we're basing on models that
we can't really
validate and money is
disappearing yeah that's
corrupt now I don't know whether the
climate is changing in a dangerous way
or not I don't think so but I don't know
CU I'm not a scientist but I know for
sure just the size of the
climate you know scientific and business
part where they're spending money the
size of it guarantees that it's
corrupt and if you can find me an
example of anything that's reached that
size that's not totally corrupt I'd love
to hear it now I do think there might be
some
exceptions with some religious
organizations and I know I know you're
going to say but but the Catholic church
had too many sex crimes um that's
probably true but if you're talking
about corruption specifically you know
stealing the bad stuff well the other
stuff's bad too but if you talk about
stealing you might find that religious
organizations can get big without that
there might be there might be so I'm
willing to
believe there are major
religious organizations they generally
okay but those would be special cases I
think anything that sort of government
or business or even uh activism which
crosses all that those are all corrupt
when they reach a certain level how
about uh how about uh one person who
says hey I think that looked racist to
me could they be honest and not corrupt
yes yes how about several people get
together and say you know that looked
wrong that that looked racist to me
could they be honest and not corrupt
could be could be How about if it
becomes a national funded organization
called black lives matter and there are
millions and millions of dollars and
hundreds of thousands of people involved
directly or indirectly could that ever
not be corrupt
no no it's the scale as soon as you
reach a certain scale it's all corrupt
everything all the time has nothing to
do with black race nothing it's just the
size How about
antifa if antifa was that one time 100
people got together because they cared
about something could it be that they
would be
completely honest and ethical could be
could be small size once it becomes a
nationwide your movement no then is
completely corrupt every time yeah how
about uh chat
GPT open AI it's just one
company and uh but the potential and
current value were in the hundreds of
billions right and maybe the future
value is in the
trillions and we hear from Mark andreon
that the CIA has already said oh no
we're going to totally rig this entire
industry it's corrupt it it might be
corrupt in a way that's good for us
meaning that you know the CIA is
ultimately working on the side of
America I hope um although it's a very
large organization if you know what I
mean yeah that's not true they're not
working on necessarily on our side
because the CIA allegedly is behind the
domestic
censorship um and some other stuff so I
guess you would throw them in the
corrupt area how about Congress real big
lots of money yeah corrupt give me an
exception
give me an exception tell me something
that's a big organization that's not a
religious
organization that isn't
corrupt it's tough so it frustrates me
when when people say but you don't know
that climate change is a hoax all I have
to say is how big is it and we're done
here but it could be that climate change
is a
risk but it's also full of scammers so
both of those could be true
anyway everything big is corrupt and of
course you'd love to know according to
ihls whatever that is that there's now a
new lithium ceramic battery that could
be you guessed it 10 times more capacity
and it could have a range of a th000
kilometers and you could recharge it
from 5% to 60% in 5 minutes and it's
non-flammable that's a big deal they're
using different materials primarily to
do this now again
I tell you these battery stories not
because any one company is going to make
a difference or this one study just so
you know how much activity there is
there and how much potential and it'll
change everything if our batteries are
that much more efficient Everything
Changes um and then I'm going to make
one product recommendation for you this
is a little out of my mode uh I'm not
making money from this product I'm just
going to tell you something I tried
recently that I really liked it's the
bone conductive uh
earphones whoops just lost my signal
hello I'm
back um did I did I say something about
any did I say something about anybody
who could have turned off my signal
probably but I'm
back anyway I was going to give you a
product recommendation but I promise you
I have no connection to the company I
have no way to make money from this it's
just something I liked this bone
conduction um
ear pieces because they don't go in your
ear uh it drapes over your ear and it
connects behind your head so it stays on
really well because it's sort of hanging
over your ears but connected in the back
but it it it's a little sensors touch
your bone in front of your ear it's not
in your ear it's in front of it and it
sounds like there's a little speaker
talking into your ear and it's really
good sound but what it is is it's going
it's just making your bone
vibrate that apparently
works so I had been getting bad ear
infections and it probably was my
headphones I found out that's a real
thing and so knowing that there's
something that I don't have to put in my
ear makes me very happy they're very
light they don't fall out or ill fit
like the earbuds do and they don't close
you off from all the surrounding sounds
because you your ears are still open so
your regular ears are are still
available for everything highly
recommended I've only used it for a few
days but I'm already excited about it
all right that's all I got for you today
thanks for joining I'm going to talk to
the locals people privately just for a
minute I've gone on way too long and
then I'll see you
tomorrow bye for
now all right that's not a touchcreen
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e e