[Music]
run get your cups in your books in your
classes it's time for coffee with Scott
Adams it sounds a lot better if I put my
microphone on before you start telling
me I have bad sound let me start that
again pum pum pum pum there you've all
heard it
grab your cups your Mugsy glass your
tank you just ein your chalice your
thermos your flask your vessel of any
kind fill it with your favorite liquid
and join me now for the unparalleled
pleasure the dopamine hit of the day the
simultaneous sip here it comes here it
comes here it comes
is it my imagination or does it get
better every time I think it does I
think it does get better every time so
here's a random question I'm thinking of
doing an ASMR video to literally help
you go to sleep now I am a trained
hypnotist and so I have a feeling I
could do this well but I don't know if
anybody wants it so I'll put that out
there you could tell me on Twitter if
you want that alright let's talk about
foreign influence I wrote a book called
loser think that comes out in November
that covers this topic so perfectly I
wish I wish I wish the book were already
available because if the news could not
be more perfectly fitted to the book but
there's always good news that there will
always be more news that fits that book
because it's about bad ways to analyze
things and what to avoid and there is no
better example than this question of
President Trump and his answer about
foreign influence and whether he would
talk to the FBI and what he would do
there now there are two parts of this
number one should President Trump have
done the ABC interview in the first
place was that a mistake
and to did he handle the actual
interview in in the best way I think you
could you know I see why people are
saying it was a mistake to do an
interview with an unfriendly outlet but
he's also the president of the United
States so the President of the United
States it's one thing if he focuses more
on Fox News but I think it's a it's sort
of a problem if he doesn't ever do the
other media so I think he has to at
least give them a little bit of love now
did he handle the question correctly
objectively speaking I would say no and
here's why people who have media
training and I was amused to watch Chris
Wallace of Fox News say this directly he
was saying that the most disciplined
politicians and he used I think he used
what's his name
Mitch McConnell as his example of a
disciplined interview subject because he
won't answer any question directly he'll
just say what he wants to say no matter
what the question is and Chris Wallace
was saying well that's frustrating for
the interviewer but you know it
certainly makes sense because Mitch
McConnell avoids being taken in a
context he can't be misquoted because
he's not saying just he's noting
anything they could be misquoted
president Trump plays it completely the
opposite way he says plenty of things
that could be misquoted and they are but
I'm just gonna give you my personal
opinion hear your opinion my degree
might not I'm not trying to change your
mind I'm just gonna give you my personal
opinion this is a lot of president
Trump's approach to this interview and
the way he answers the question for me
just my personal impression is why I
like him the way he handled this for me
was all a plus I acknowledge that it was
a mistake in the sense that it was
people miss covered
and turned it into fake news so easily
he could have avoided that by saying
nothing interesting and here's the best
part he could have avoided it by being
less transparent what I like about it is
he was completely transparent and he
schooled the country on how to be smart
now the country didn't get the lesson I
was watching a clip from Bill Maher last
night
Bill Maher is actually saying some
version of this he says that the
president said that if a foreign power
gave him some help that he would not go
to the FBI that's what Bill Maher that's
how he framed it before he made jokes
about it that is exactly not what
happened that's just fake news that is
unambiguously as close to you as you can
get to the opposite of what happened
what actually happened was the President
Trump said and his very first statement
was I'd probably do both meaning that I
would listen to the information and then
if it were important in any way I would
tell the FBI that's not the way the fake
news is reporting it and even Bill Maher
who would be no friend of fake news
certainly he would never intentionally I
don't think Bill Maher yeah I've been
watching him a long time I see no no
evidence that he would ever
intentionally repeat a story
inaccurately I just don't think he would
you know there's just nothing that would
suggest he would do that there's no
incentive it's not it's not what his
brand is nothing like that so I think he
actually came away with that impression
because he watched the news but let me
put this into context for you we're
going to go to the whiteboard let's say
this question of a Russian citizen
offers you some information because that
was the original case the Don junior
meeting in the tower it was about a
Russian citizen offering some
information now the fake news has tried
to turn that into a what if the Russian
intelligence agencies offer you
information so the first thing they do
to turn
into fake news as they change the
example the hypothetical but let's go to
the whiteboard and I'll show you why
president Trump's answered
what's the smart answer let's say you've
got a situation where you've got a
Russian citizen who offers you some
information what are your objectives so
the moment this situation arises there's
a Russian citizen not not the
Intelligence Agency you don't know that
it's not Putin you don't know that the
only thing you know on moment one is
it's a Russian citizen and they're
offering you some information that might
be useful to you because it's bad about
your opponent what are your objectives
objective number one protect the country
right that's always objective number one
if you're a presidential candidate avoid
blackmail you don't want to get in a
situation where you can get blackmail
you want to get the information of
course don't you want the information of
course you do
and you don't want to waste the FBI's
time so compare what all the smart
people are saying Trump should had done
to what Trump says that he would have
done in this hypothetical the smart
people say tell the FBI before you
listen to the information that
accomplishes step one protect the
country it works
avoid blackmail definitely because
you've told the FBI you're clean you
avoid that blackmail but you didn't get
the information and you probably 95%
likely you wasted the FBI's time because
95% of the time when people say I have
information for you it's just BS it's
not useful it's something you already
knew it's it's meaningless they're just
trying to get you in the room and in
fact that's what happened president
Trump's technique was well first I'll
listen to it and then I'll decide and if
it's a problem
I'll share with the FBI his approach
protects the country because the FBI is
informed it avoids blackmail because he
immediately told the FBI right there's
no blackmail if you told the FBI what
happened
he gets the information Bing and he
doesn't waste the FBI's time because he
vetted at first he goes to the meeting
the hypothetical meeting he says what do
you got no he got nothing
there was a 95% chance it was gonna go
that way I don't waste the time of the
FBI so you've got all the smart people
in the world telling you that this that
this is smarter than this what do I keep
telling you about this president that
makes him different there's a boo the
cat's tail she likes to participate what
I keep telling you is that this
president can find free money on the
table and pick it up and others don't do
it for reasons that are unclear all
right if she's tried to steal the show
here so in my opinion there's no there's
no comparison between the dumb way to
handle it in which you leave money on
the table you don't get the information
and you probably wasted the FBI's time
that's there's no comparing that to what
Trump sent so if you were to look at
what Trump said from a logical rational
point of view which I know no but nobody
does but if he did what he did was the
smart adult way to handle this I'm
ambiguously it's not even close the
smart way to handle it is to find out
first and then and then deal with all
right but so here's my summary of that
from a standard political frame the
president did not handle the situation
right because he created a situation
which he should have been able to see
coming that allowed things to be taken
out of context but it's also and I'm
going to say this as clearly as possible
it's also what I like about him he was
completely transparent he people say you
shouldn't ask you shouldn't answer a
hypothetical question to which I say I
don't know
I see what trouble it got him in but I
kind of liked it because it taught us
something it was transparent he opened
up his brain and said look inside you
know if you don't like it you don't like
it but here's what's in here this is
complete transparency if this were to
happen again this is how I'd handle it
how do you not like that how do you how
could you ever live with the president
who won't do that for you
I mean seriously it felt like he was
doing it for the public in other words
the public actually wanted to know the
answer to the question
so Trump says you know I don't want to
read his mind but based on his actions I
assume he heard the question he thought
yeah the public would like to know the
answer that so I'll just give him an
honest answer I can't dislike that no
matter how much the press wants me to
all right let's talk about Iran the
interesting thing about Iran is that we
have the strangest situation of two
countries the United States and Iran and
arguably the other countries and you're
involved but let's just talk about the
US is Iran in which we have a war like
situation you know where they're
presumably doing some stuff in the Gulf
that's that is military attacking some
tankers and causing some trouble and
we're moving some assets in there so
it's it looks like it's a military
confrontation but what's weird about
this military confrontation is that
there's nothing that both countries want
less than war that there's nothing they
want less than war I would say the odds
of the u.s. and Iran actually having a
full-scale war I mean there could be
there could be a I know a missile attack
here or there but the odds of a
full-scale war with Iran are are pretty
close to zero because we don't want it
and they don't want it and and we want
war far less than we care about the
alternative and the alternative is these
low-level skirmishes so how do you get
out of this situation because normally
you would solve this situation
with a war if you can't solve it any
other way we just turn into a war or the
war would happen somebody would win and
then you've got a solution even though a
lot of people are dead so I would like
to suggest an alternative framework now
I'm not suggesting that Iran will hear
this and say oh that's a good idea we'll
will adopt this way of thinking but it
is an escape hatch so you might have to
try a different a bunch of different
escape hatches but you have this
situation where both parties are locked
in so you have to give them an escape
there has to be some way out with honor
that's the important part
Iran has to get out of their situation
with some kind of honor respect
religious let's say religious integrity
intact that's sort of a solid
requirement you're not going to see them
budge on that and that would be the last
thing they would want to budge on yeah
and the US wants to get out of it
looking good too so what would be an
escape hatch for both countries where we
both came out looking good and here's
the idea I brought this up out over a
year ago but it's it's worth mentioning
now because the recent events I would
suggest this that I would suggest to
Iran that they should catch up with
modern technology essentially and bring
their war to a war of ideas in other
words instead of saying Iran stop trying
to spread your power in your message and
your religion with military means and
why don't you trust your God trust your
God and do it through information put
your best argument on the internet you
open up your internet and let your
people see the options and trust your
God so this is the key statement we'd
like you to trust your own God
that you don't need to use military
weapons because that's the that's the
old technology here's the here's the
context
when the only military weapons available
were swords Islam when it was spreading
used swords cuz swords were the weapon
that you could use to spread Islam when
weapons improved to the point where you
have exploding things and guns and
missiles and stuff the at least the
terrasse part of the Islamic community
not Islam in general we're just talking
about the extremists they updated their
weapons so you don't see you don't see
Isis using swords right usually you see
them using modern weapons but I would
suggest that we've now passed through
that phase and we're entering a new
phase where the best way to spread Islam
should you want to do that
should you have should you want to do
that the best way to do that would be
through ideas and through the internet
and that that channel is open for them
they have complete ability to spread
their religion through the internet if
they trust their own God so that would
be the the key statement would be if you
trust your God open up the Internet let
your country let your countries see your
opinion let your let your citizens see
what other people are thinking take your
best shot
we're saying we surrender at least
information wise we surrender if you
have some information all of our
channels are open we will hear
everything that you have to say in fact
I would be interested I'd love to see
the argument so the escape hatch for
Iran since neither side wants anything
to do with a full-scale war and these
little back and forests are not really
getting it done the escape is trust your
own God trust him that he provided you
the weapons you need when he needed them
when you needed swords you had swords
when he needed bullets and bombs you had
bullets and bombs now we can see clearly
and unambiguously that there was weapons
work swords won't work bullets and bombs
don't work because there will be
economic pressure on top of you that
will make a difference what works today
what works today is economic growth and
messages and communication and ideas on
the internet that's those are the
weapons of today so instead of saying
Iran we will kick your ass which was
which is obvious because we will if we
get the war say why don't you join us in
the year 2019 and and bring your message
to the people and simply open up your
communication so I would make it a war
of ideas that's my idea
have you noticed I'll bet you have it
seems to me that the Trump
administration keeps doing good things
in health care in terms of smaller
administration rule changes etc that are
making things more competitive you know
more generics coming online more
competition across straight lines and
then there was another big announcement
yesterday about health care and I think
it was covered by nobody did anybody
doesn't anybody even know what the big
announcement on health care was because
I don't think it was covered I looked in
the I looked on all of the new sites
today and didn't see it did everybody
see it so can anybody give me a
hypothesis h HRAs what's an HRA because
i looked at the news and i didn't see it
Oh a small business health care right so
I guess the change was that small
businesses can deduct the cost of their
health care that was the change alright
here's what I worry about I worry that
because the news industry is holy is
wholly owned by the pharmaceutical
companies that the news will be unable
to report progress in reducing costs
especially of pharmaceuticals if you are
entire revenue to
pharmaceutical commercials can you run
non-stop stories about how the president
is beating the prices down on
pharmaceuticals because they're too high
and too unfair you can't they're the one
area should you be surprised
yeah there's no media coverage on health
care and let me tell you why there's no
media coverage on it because it's
positive for the president and it's bad
for the pharmaceuticals and the people
who advertise on the news as long as
that's true I don't know if you're ever
gonna hear about anything good happening
so watch for that
it's a giant black hole there was a
story that I thought it should have
gotten more attention I think it's true
somebody fact-check me on this the story
was that Mexico is planning to fund
their immigration deal with the United
States which would require them to spend
some money to put some extra troops on
their southern border to keep people
from crossing through Mexico to the US
and the story was that the Mexico
planned to sell the presidential
airplane for 150 million dollars to help
fund that now my first question is is
that true is Mexico really going to sell
the presidential airplane to fund this
deal so let's say it is true what would
that tell you about Mexico because on
one level you'd say to yourself my
goodness
President Trump is the best negotiator
ever not only did he get them to do it
but he got to be got the president to
sell his own personal airplane to do it
so the president will be taking the bus
so that President Trump president of
Mexico will be taking the bus or
something not really but that's a kind
of a funny story but let me tell you how
I interpret that here's how I interpret
that story the way I interpret it is
that Mexico the president the President
of Mexico would rather sell his own
personal presidential airplane not
personal but the presidential airplane
the president of Mexico would rather
sell his presidential airplane and all
of the humiliation that comes with it
rather than deal with the cartels in the
northern border think about that because
the alternative was that Mexico could
secure its own border and and we haven't
heard much about that right
Mexico actually can't secure its own
northern border because the cartels out
in that territory they can't admit it
and they can't do anything about it
those are the two things that you could
do you can't talk about it and you can't
act on it because the cartels are too
powerful he was willing the President of
Mexico was willing to take the
humiliation of selling his presidential
airplane to avoid even talking about the
cartels that's what I saw now am i over
interpreting it because the fact that
the cartels are not even mentioned we
have a major immigration in negotiation
with Mexico and nobody mentions that the
cartels own the northern border it's not
even a topic and in order to keep that
out of being a topic the President of
Mexico had to sell his private not
private but the presidential airplane or
jet I guess I don't know what I see
there is that the cartels are running
Mexico that's the only way I can read
them alright let's talk about something
else fun I had suggested that there
might be a way to determine when social
media platforms are shadow banning you
and that the method might be to have
multiple social media accounts and see
if they if they move in lockstep or in
different ways if they moved in lockstep
it would probably tell you there was
just something about your content maybe
it's something about the season maybe
it's a rainy day maybe it's a slow news
day or a fast news day if all of your
traffic moved in lockstep across
different platforms you would say okay
I'm not being banned because there those
platforms would not be so clever that
they would do it all in the same way in
the same
right if you are being the shadow band
on a platform what you would expect to
see is that one would stay the same
business as usual and one would go boom
suddenly down that's what you should
expect to see if somebody's playing
games with your traffic and so I
suggested that there would be a way to
build some kind of a rough sensing
device to find out when your shadow band
simply by comparing your traffic across
your multiple platforms and I also
suggested that you all have multiple
platforms for this purpose I want to
show you what happened when I did this
so there's an app called social blade
that allows you to just put in any
address and you can you can track yours
or anybody else's Twitter and Instagram
or YouTube traffic
I think Instagram but at least a YouTube
oh so you could do YouTube Twitter
twitch or Instagram and you can compare
them so I'm going to show you two weeks
I'm going to compare my traffic on
Twitter with my traffic on YouTube and
keep in mind that they're very similar
content so the content I put on YouTube
is literally the stuff I made on Twitter
so they should move in lockstep if if
for example there was some kind of a
summer lull or something alright so I'm
going to show you the graph here's a
graph of my day if I can make this two
years from pair with me I'm going to
take down my screen illumination and
then you'll be able to clearly see this
or not but I'll describe it enemies all
right here so here's my Twitter traffic
now you can see starting over here that
I you know I've got let's see if I can
get a good picture on this - damn it
it's gonna be hard yeah I can't
well I'll describe it to you so you can
see I'm getting a lot of traffic and
then there's one week than on Twitter my
traffic my traffic is up and down and
there's one a week for the entire week
five days it
flatlines and then after a week he goes
back to normal but somebody said just
put it closed does that help oh yeah it
does thank you
good advice so here here I'm sorry right
there see that week notice that that
week doesn't look like anything else
even the low week is not even close to
that week so right here my Twitter
traffic went to almost nothing in terms
of new users for a week so what happens
if I look at since that's Twitter what
happens if I go over to YouTube and look
at same thing so it same graph yeah
here's the YouTube traffic and over here
is where you would expect to see that
week where where there was a solid week
of nothing and it isn't there there are
down days which is normal I think
there's mostly the weekends I think the
weekends just go down and then pop back
up but as you can see as you can see
Twitter traffic went down for a week but
my YouTube traffic did not what's that
mean well it could mean that there was
something going on over at Twitter now
here's the next thing which I haven't
done there was one other week in which
Twitter had that low traffic some time
in the past few months and I think it
was because of the same topic I think
there was one topic in which I am
especially dangerous there was one topic
that I could actually change the world
and you know what that is right
there's one topic that's the Alpha hoax
it's the hoax that all the other hoaxes
depend on and I am the most dangerous
person in the world to that hoax because
I've hammered it like it's you know like
it's a rented mule and I'm not going to
give up on now when I hammered on that I
think those are the two times that my
traffic just disappeared
but I'm not positive
so I'll say that that's just a
hypothesis not any kind of confirmed
anything so if you wanted a sensor that
would find out if you're being shadow
banned the first thing you do is monitor
your different platforms to see if they
move in lockstep or not then the second
thing you would want which I haven't
done is to find out if when there's a an
irregularity if there are also keywords
or hashtags or topics that were in
common are all of your are all of your
your low days on the same time all right
you probably tuned in because you want
me to predict who's gonna win the first
Democrat debates are you ready for that
a number of you were telling me that the
the periscope here got cut off just as I
was talking about that but it looks like
most of you are back so let's talk about
the and is it a coincidence that I get
cut off in exactly those times all right
so as you know there are going to be two
teams of Democrats on two different
nights doing doing debates on June 26th
and 27th so because there were so many
candidates I guess four of them got
dropped off but the rest of them are are
going to be in two teams of ten I guess
it looks like so because because of the
groupings which they say are random and
let's say let's say that they are you
have an opportunity for some people to
get some attention and the the specific
groupings who's in each group is going
to make a big difference and who can
succeed so that tells you a lot so the
first thing you do is you look at the
groups and say okay what do I know about
this group that's special and here are
some general statements so here are my
predictions number one the more you see
of Biden the less support he will have
so so prediction number one is that
Biden's polls will go down after the
debate because people will see new
people that they didn't know before
and there they're going to start to
learn about the new people so for every
person who likes a new person probably
it's going to come from either Biden or
burry
so the second prediction is that
Bernie's poll numbers won't go down so I
see Biden and Bernie being injured by by
the debates because it will everybody
knows them I don't see any way that
Biden is gonna have a breakout night or
that birdie will have a breakout night
because we just know too much about them
so there's nothing there's no upside for
them it's only a downside but for the
new names they still have a lot of
clutter to break through so you have to
ask yourself who is capable of breaking
through the noise so in the first the
first ten I'll just read off who's that
who's it in the first time you got Cory
Booker Elizabeth Allen Beto Aurora kami
clubber John Delaney Tulsi Gabbard
Julian Caspar Oh Tim Ryan Bill DeBlasio
and jay inslee of that group in the
first group the two who will have a good
night are Elizabeth Warren and a wild
card is Tulsi Gabbard so I'm not going
to predict that Tulsi Gabbard will break
out I'm going to predict that she's a
wild card meaning she could but she
hasn't made any noise so far meaning
that she just doesn't seem to have a lot
of a lot of support for reasons I don't
know exactly so I'm not gonna say she's
going to break out I'm gonna say she's
that she's the interesting wild card but
I think Elizabeth Warren is gonna have a
great night and the reason is she's a
good debater she is she's very policy
wise and if you're on a debate stage and
you're you want to hit the facts you
want to look smart right she's smart if
you watch Elizabeth Warren talk you're
gonna come away with she's experienced
she's smart she's a woman and man does
she want to put Donald Trump in jail
she's gonna come up in her polling
that's my that's my prediction for the
first group let's talk about the second
group second group has Kamala Harris Joe
Biden Bernie Sanders Pete Buddha judge
Kirsten Gillibrand Michael Bennett
Marianne Williamson Eric's well well
Andrew yang and John Hickenlooper this
one's interesting because it's the Biden
and Sanders group now remember their I
think that that they only have a bad day
ahead of them I think so here's my first
prediction kumla Harris will find eight
her poll numbers go up because Kamala
Harris is not as well down but she's
solid so people are gonna sees a person
of color they can see a woman they're
gonna see that she can speak like a
lawyer she can talk to the the facts she
will probably handle herself well and
she will be sort of introducing herself
to a lot of people who just don't know
enough about her so I think her poll
numbers will show an improvement
Pete Budaj edge is a wild card
I asked you this how likely is it that
there are any LGBTQ people in the United
States who are likely to vote who don't
already know who to judges it seems to
me the peabody judge probably has a
hundred percent support from let's say
the LGBTQ community the the ones who are
going to vote with the ones who care
right there's not much room to grow in
the community that is you know sort of
automatically on the aside and i think
he could make a dent by being clever and
news making so he does have that ability
so Budaj edge is one of those people who
can say something interesting enough
they don't get a lot of coverage and the
media likes him so he's good he's good
for clicks so I think Budaj edge is my
wildcard for the second group so there
are two wildcards one is Tulsi Gabbard
one
Budaj edge they could go either way so I
don't have a prediction which way but
they're the they're the most
unpredictable people in their respective
groups they could get a bump but here's
my big prediction for the second group
Andrew yang is going to surprise and
here's why now first of all I don't
think the Andrew yang is at a place
where you could become president I don't
think his resume looks solid enough for
people to put their full trust in and as
a president yet maybe someday but what
yang can do that most of the people in
the debates can't do is say something
you haven't heard already think about it
everybody in these debates almost every
person is going to say something you've
already heard now it might be news the
way they say it and they might use more
provocative you know there might be a
little more provocative it might be you
know maybe they'll say worse things
about Trump than you expected that could
make a little news there are lots of
ways to make news by being a little bit
out of the box but yang is the only one
who could say something that will just
make you go oh I haven't heard that
before
and it will be news making and it will
be interesting so yang is the most
interesting person at the debates who's
not Budaj they're there they're the two
most interesting people and I think yang
is going to see his poll numbers I don't
know double or triple and it will be at
the expense of the the leader Biden and
and Sanders all right but I don't think
yang quite has the gravitas etc that
people are going to want him to be
President so there's my prediction bad
night for Bernie bad night for Sanders
good night for Elizabeth Warren good
night for yang good night for Pamela
Harris and the two wild cards are Tulsi
Gabbard and Pete Buddha jej who could
surprise
but maybe not all right those are my
predictions for those of you who have
stayed around I'm going to talk about
how to fix everything in the future
so I have a I guess a hypothesis were a
belief I'm not sure what it is that most
of the future can be fixed with good
design designed so we don't always
design things well but when we do it
changes everything if you look at the
the success of Apple for example the
success of Apple is a really just
technical greatness which they have it's
designed design is what makes you you
know I've raved about this before these
little let that air buds the freaking
design of these things is so insanely
good that you fall in love with this
product I mean you just love it well I I
don't want to travel anywhere without
this it every part of this is so well
done that it makes you actually love it
now imagine that idea taken to fixing a
whole bunch of other society's problems
I'm gonna throw out an idea where design
can fix a whole range of problems in
society I'm not saying that this is the
best idea in the world I'm saying it'll
make you think about design as a
solution in a way you haven't done
before summited somebody in the comments
is saying array for engineers exactly
engineers already have the ability with
designers etc and scientists we have the
technical ability to solve almost all of
our major problems if we design
correctly we already have the technology
the people the well the money all the
other things it's just design here's the
example I'm not going to talk too much
about my argument for these logs because
I want to give you a bunch of ideas all
at once to let them percolate what is
the one of the biggest problems with
adding nuclear power plants to the
United States
well one of the biggest problems is that
nobody wants it placed in their
neighborhood right so the first thing
you know is that a big obstacle to
nuclear power especially the newer
plants like a generation 3 has never had
a meltdown generation 4 won't even be
possible to have a meltdown but we need
some more development in that area but
what's really stopping you is nobody
wants it near them so if we were to
start with a blank slate and design how
would you fix that let me suggest this
way the people who would be willing to
live near a nuclear plant should be the
people whose risk would go down is there
anybody you can think of in the United
States who if he moves them from where
they are to living near a nuclear plant
so here that's the point is that you're
you're moving people to where the plant
is if you did that
who would have less risk answer
everybody who grew up in a bad part of
town so anybody who came from an inner
city dangerous crime infested area if
you were to take them from that area and
saying look we're gonna move you to a
place that there used to be nine but now
we've got we're building a nuclear plant
it's a generation three or a generation
for the odds of a problem are minuscule
the odds of getting killed where you are
is very high all right so the first
thing you know is that if you move
people who are a higher risk than
nuclear could ever even suggest that
you've improved their lives because
you've greatly improved their the risk
situation now imagine that you build
your nuclear plant and it's it's to
power other people but you build what
I'll call poor town
P oor poor town now poor town would be a
place a city a community an area that's
built around a nuclear plant and the
people moving there have to have low
income but otherwise be you know capable
of working in center so you can move
there now the first thing you're gonna
get is you've got away from your crime
and there's plenty of science to suggest
that moving your location getting out of
a bad place and getting in a new
environment makes a gigantic difference
in your ability to succeed that's well
proven science as demonstrated that many
times so the first model is instead of
trying to fix people where they already
live how about just moving them out of
their environment to a new place in
which they can be part of building this
new place so you got your nuclear power
which means that the people in poor town
are going to have very low energy costs
when you have very low energy costs you
can also have sea water desalinization
because the big expense of
desalinization is the energy it takes so
you build a desalinization plant next to
a nuclear power plant they work really
well together and you put a pipe in the
ocean and you've got all the water you
want and the desalinization turns it
into clean water all right so now you've
got cheap water you've got cheap energy
and you're and then you start using
these Lego like building technologies
where you've designed the best homes and
you've got pre-approved pre-approved
designs so you say to the poor people
moving in the bricks are free all you
have to do is put them together but you
have to do them in one of these approved
designs so that we don't have to have a
design process we don't have to worry if
the roof is going to fall down these
would be one-story homes not much risk
you can build them yourself
and the bricks are going to come from
the tunneling and the underground work
that we do so the bricks are free so all
you have to do is come in build your own
home build it as big as you want as long
as it's part of the approved designs so
now you've got cheap housing cheap water
cheap energy and you've got a whole
bunch of people who didn't have
employments before they move there
suddenly it's a great place for somebody
to put a farm or a business around there
because they've got access to all these
all these people who have low housing
costs and low crime and and they're
willing to work so you've got a good
work force there it's good place for a
company to relocate
if you are to design your new community
with lots of video cameras and you know
access to security and stuff you could
get rid of crime and all the expense of
it if you designed the place right you
could reduce the cost of transportation
to practically nothing I mean if you
build underground tunnels for bicycles
everybody could get everywhere with
almost no no problem whatsoever what's
the problem with riding a bicycle it's
it's the weather right you don't want to
be above-ground you don't want to have
Hills if you had underground tunnels for
every kind of bicycle you can wear a
business suit and bicycle for miles
because you would be on a flat surface
and no no weather and you could just
have one of those lean back bicycles
that you know you don't even have to sit
on a regular bicycle seat so if you
designed from the beginning to make a
community there was for poor people and
you could relocate them from where they
used to be and into this town with some
kind of vetting they contribute oh
here's another thing you could do the so
indoor farming what's the big expense
for indoor farming the big expense is
labor and this town would have lots of
inexpensive labor so that part's covered
and energy because it takes a lot of
electricity to keep the lights on and
everything in your building and to keep
the to keep the temperature right but if
you're located next to a nuclear power
plant your energy is cheap or it could
be if that's how you designed the whole
thing so now you've had cheap food and
it's the good kind it's not it's not
fast food it's just it's good food that
you were growing there you've got cheap
water you got cheap energy
you've got cheap housing and you could
imagine this concept taken to everything
else you know maybe you put in a
hospital there so that you've also got
good healthcare maybe use it to test in
healthcare solutions etc somebody says
what incentive what incentive for what
it would be a commercial enterprise the
nuclear industry would be happy to
participate because they would not only
be creating energy for the town but
they'd be selling it outside the town so
I think everybody wins they'd have a
place to put their energy pull a place
to put their plant somebody to sell it
to etc and everybody would have jobs
eventually because it would be a perfect
hiring pool all right so I'm not saying
this is the greatest idea in the world
I'm making a general statement that
design will save the future and design
specifically will take the cost of
living a quality life from so high that
ordinary people can't afford it down to
the level where ordinary can people
can't afford it and that's an
engineering design question all right
but more importantly I think that these
design places could be way more fun to
live in and more satisfying I'd like to
use the example of my college dormitory
experience one of my best living
situations was a college dormitory which
on paper should have been the worst
because I didn't have a house I had a
little room etc the reason that my
college experience was the best living
situation I've ever had is because it
was designed from scratch to be exactly
that I loved not having to shop for food
prepare food do dishes I would just walk
a few steps away to the cafeteria and
they do all that for me so having a
central cafeteria might be a really good
way to lower costs for a community you
don't even need a kitchen and and the
other thing that was good about college
is that transportation was free because
I could walk everywhere that I needed to
walk there wasn't anywhere I needed to
go then I needed a vehicle they designed
it so I had free transportation the
other thing that I had for free is
entertainment because it was designed to
be a place where people would naturally
meet and they're naturally the same age
they have the same interests they're all
in college
you had unlimited entertainment because
you were in the right place with the
right people doing some kind of a common
common stuff so design the way it's been
applied to college the same concept of
design not not the same model but the
idea of designing could be brought to
the real world outside of college and I
think you would have the most awesome
pour town you ever had and what I call
it poor town I'm being a little bit
ironic it would be something
specifically for poor people to move
there and and be able to you know regain
their life maybe there's even classes
and education and stuff so they can
really rebuild so anyway that's the idea
I'll put that out there just to
percolate and I will talk to you oh let
me say one other thing if you haven't
used interface by wind hub it keeps
getting better experts all the time
that's my startups app and Joshua
liesecke who was my guest here yesterday
is on that as a expert on ghost writing
and getting published one of the most
frequent questions I get is how to add
it how to be published how to write a
book and so now you have an expert who
from $50 an hour which is very
reasonable very reasonable you can call
them and talk to them in person and you
know you're getting expert advice from
somebody who's done it a number of times
so that's my that's my idea for today
and I'll talk to you later