but boot boot boot pum pum pum pum pum
pum pum pum pum pum oh we have so much
to talk about today and when I say so
much to talk about I think you know what
I mean coffee that's part of it it's not
just about coffee today
it's about Cavanaugh - it's about
Cavanaugh and coffee and when I say we
have a lot to talk about
it's all Cavanaugh all the time nothing
but Cavanaugh we're gonna go deep dive
full Cavanaugh but not until we have the
simultaneous sip I believe you're
already I know you're well prepared it's
time for the simultaneous up oh that's
good before you talk about Cavanaugh you
got to have coffee this looks like it's
gonna be coffee and Cavanaugh or for a
while now let's talk about all the
Cavanaugh news where do I start let's
start with you probably saw a tweet by a
gentleman named Edie Whelan who
published a tweet thread in which he
detailed his hypothesis that the the
actual attacker of Christian Ford was
not Cavanaugh but somebody who looks
like him who was a classmate and here's
the jaw-dropping part I'm sure you've
all seen this by now he named he named
the classmate and I read that I said now
we weren't there so we don't know who
did what to whom
back 35 years ago but naming a classmate
as a probable rapist or attempted rapist
I guess based on the fact that some
people think he might look like
Cavanaugh did back then that's a pretty
big strat
now somebody just said he apologized
this morning I'm not sure it was an
apology in the usual way he said he said
it was horrible what he did which is
different from apologizing I was I was
gonna give him a pass and say okay 48
hours you you know you did something bad
you apologize but there are two problems
there's a real victim here saying saying
what I did was appalling is not an
apology it's you know it's close it's in
the it's in the same you know same zip
code as an apology but it's definitely
not an apology and it doesn't help the
victim at all because he didn't he
didn't recant the speculation so what
kind of an apology keeps the original
insult the original insult is I'm
putting you in the list of people who
might be rapists and based on
essentially no you know no credible
direct data and he didn't change that so
willin said he shouldn't have named the
person but he didn't change the fact
that he still thinks that this is a
reasonable hypothesis so Wow
you now the weird thing is that
Wieland's job according to his twitter
banner is he works on he's the head of
some kind of ethics group so the head of
an ethics group published something oh
my god there's a bad fire right in my
right my view I'll show it to you I just
discovered that there's looks like a
pretty bad fire out outside
see if you can see see it's net it's in
that part that looks white right now can
you see it be hard to say but right
right we'll see I can get my finger over
it right there is actually black smoke
so which indicates a building fire so
somewhere right out there there's a
large building on fire all right but
enough on that there we go
why are we talking about fires when
we're not done with Cavanaugh all right
now the president tweeted this morning
that facts don't matter like literally
that sentence facts don't matter talking
about the Cavanaugh case and it looks
like in context he was referring he was
referring to the question of whether
they should do a little more
investigating and the president noted
that it's a political thing and the
facts of the case actually don't matter
why would you bother investigating when
the facts are going to matter anyway now
I believe I've said that with a little
book called wind begley subtitle
persuasion in the world where facts
don't matter so the whole world is
coming around to this realization that
facts don't matter but let's talk about
that the the idea behind why these facts
should matter
assuming that we could ever determine
what the facts are now I don't think
that's possible
but in a world where we could determine
the facts of what happened 35 years ago
just bear with me imagine it's possible
all right I don't think it's possible
but imagine it is you could you could
come up with
you could concoct the scenario where
there's you know three separate
witnesses come forward
they all have the same story and they
haven't talked to each other so you
could imagine a scenario where we might
learn the facts of the way that we're
all convinced but I don't think that's
likely but here's the thing what is the
the reasoning behind why those facts
would matter if we can get them and the
reasoning is that Cavanaugh is running
to be the head of the highest court and
this would be an indication of his
qualifications for the court is it but
is it does that reasoning fit that what
Cavanaugh did at age 17 or didn't do
let's say hypothetically that some facts
came out that showed he did something
essentially like what he was accused of
doing would that matter to his
confirmation now let's talk about the
code of hammurabi I know when you when
you clicked onto this periscope today
you said to yourself god I hope he talks
about the code of hammurabi
because we need more of that I'm reading
reading the book sapiens on and off I've
been reading it for a while it's a big
book
and they talk about back in Babylonian
times there was this leader called
Hammurabi and there were no codified
laws or at least ones I didn't like and
he came up with a code of laws the Code
of Hammurabi and this was before there
was a you know United States
Constitution before there were you know
well agreed laws and one of the laws
that Hammurabi came up with that he
considered just and apparently people of
the time also considered it just is if
you killed somebody's daughter then the
parent of whoever's daughter got killed
could go kill your daughter and then
you'd be even
do you know what's wrong with that here
you're not punishing the person who did
the crime the the idea is that you would
kill the other guy's daughter if he
killed your daughter and then that would
be called justice under the Hammurabi
code now I bring that up because
apparently human beings who had
essentially the same evolved minds as we
do the same ability to reason that we do
roughly speaking thought that sounded
pretty good they thought that sounded
like justice and the the backdrop of
that is that children in general were
considered property so I said the
daughter was property but it would have
applied to the son as well I believe it
would be the same same penalty and and
so my point is that what we regard as
obvious and clearly justice is really a
social construct because human beings in
Hammurabi's time saw something
completely different than what we
consider justice and they they all
looked at it and you know I'm
speculating here a little bit but since
it was popular and it took hold I have
to think that people back then thought
well I don't like it maybe you know like
all elements of it but yeah that's fair
that's fair so the first point is that
what we imagined to be justice is a
social thing the idea that you blame the
person who did the crime seems perfectly
reasonable to us because we've been
raised that way but let me suggest this
was seventeen year old Brett Kavanaugh
was he the same person as current day
2018 Brett Kavanaugh now most of you say
dah that's why we're having the
conversation yes he is the same person
he was 17 he got older the same person
da really that's a legal construct we
have decided as a society that you are
the same person
as your child once you're the same
person you're a continuation but these
are things we come up with because it
makes things convenient it allows us to
have a justice system with a set of
rules that are just always the same it
allows us to own property because if you
own property when you're young it's
still yours when you're old
it allows us to assign blame and
responsibility in a variety of ways so
there are all these practical reasons
why young and Brett Kavanaugh is the
same person as old Brett Kavanaugh and
therefore we extend that to say
therefore anything the young person did
has to be applied to the old person but
keep in mind that we're not talking
about the law because nobody says that
legally current Brett Kavanaugh would be
responsible legally for anything that
his 17-year old version of himself did
so the law is off the table it's not
part of the conversation even the
critics would agree there's a statute of
limitations it is passed okay so if
we're not talking about legal
responsibility we're not talking about
property ownership what are we talking
about exactly
well the argument as I understand it is
that we can know something about current
day Cavanagh by looking at his 17 year
old version of himself
can we because it seems to me that
science is pretty is pretty solid on
this that young people don't even have a
frontal cortex developed - fully
developed until around 25 so
scientifically seventeen-year-old
Cavanaugh should be making worse
decisions and different decisions
then current-day Cavanaugh we know that
that's not in that group that particular
fact is not the in dispute nobody argues
that there's seventeen year-old self
where they partly developed frontal
cortex makes the same decisions as their
50 year old self nobody makes that case
why are we concerned about Cavanaugh in
2018 because of the decisions we think
he'll make because of the decisions he
thinks we think he'll make he's being
considered for a job to make decisions
where are we asking him to make
decisions today where let's say he takes
the job yeah and he gets nominated are
we asking him to make decisions with his
seventeen year old brain is that what is
being asked of him nope nope we're not
asking him to make decisions about his
seventeen year old brain we're not
asking anybody to do that it doesn't
make any sense the only the only way it
makes sense to connect modern-day Brett
Kavanaugh to anything his seventeen year
old self did or did not do the only way
that makes sense to connect that chain
and say that that that event matters to
today is if we think he's the same guy
or if there's a legal responsibility and
we don't think that's true so there is
no reasonable connection between why we
should care in terms of the the
nomination we should certainly care if
there's a victim so we yeah we can have
we can have maximum empathy for the
victim we could have maximum caring for
any victim you know what whether or not
there was one in this case we don't know
we'll probably never know the facts but
we could have maximum empathy for any
any victims whether there's one he or
not
and it still wouldn't connect to 50
something year old Brett Kavanaugh who's
just doesn't have that brain and
wouldn't make the same decisions we
don't know what decisions and decisions
he might make but he does have you know
20 years or whatever it is of legal
opinions that we can read through so
when the president says facts don't
matter I think that's a supportable
statement in this case because even if
the the FBI oh let me put some context
on this I was watching last night Chris
Cuomo show on CNN and I know you I know
you don't like to hear this from me I
know you don't want to hear this he puts
out a really good show yeah I know there
are a lot of Fox News fans here and I am
as well I think they put on I think Fox
News just generally is a better better
better talent better better production
values you know whether or not you agree
with the opinions whether or not you
agree with or their fact Jackie etc
separately the quality of the Fox News
shows or just produced better this seems
to me but but chris gomon show I gotta
say is for CNN it really stands out as
being the closest thing to balanced that
you'll see on that network and he was
talking about capital this Cavanagh
situation and again to his credit he did
a good job of explaining in his own
words what the other side has as an
argument which is rare yeah you know
it's weird that you don't see that that
would be the obvious thing you think
people would do all right if you're
gonna make a point you say here's what
the other side says here's what I say
and then here's my opinion based on all
that he does that it's actually when I
see it is so refreshing because it feels
rare what you normally see is one side
just you know developing one side they
don't even refer
accurately what the other side says if
they reference the other side they they
miss interpret the other side and that
reference it Cuomo doesn't really do
that if you watch you're gonna be
impressed I think when he describes the
other side's argument he actually
describes it pretty much the way it
exists very rare you're not gonna see
that everywhere else on CNN you don't
see it unlocks news much either you see
it but you just it's a rare thing so I
give him credit for that and so I'll
take his argument and they'll extend it
so his argument was that you want a
credible you want your Supreme Court to
be credible so far so good everybody
wants theirs pretty important nominees
whoever actually gets on the court you
want them to be credible you want the
country to say okay we did everything we
could to pick a good person and his
point is why wouldn't you just make the
three-day effort to have the FBI look
into some of the accusations and see if
there's any there there why would you
not do something so trivially easy to
have such a big benefit which is you
have a better idea of comfort with the
final vote no matter what the
information kicks up you would have more
comfort that you knew what could be
known about something to happen 35 years
ago now on its surface that's a pretty
good point right if you have it if you
could do a small investment a few days
of an F ba bi investigation very small
investment to get a very large benefit
which is you get a candidate for the
Supreme Court nominated probably who who
has been you know checked out as well as
it is practical so that's a good
argument here's the the counter to that
which sort of takes it to the next level
which is what happens if you do like
what are all the ramifications that
number one does anybody believe it would
last three days because the argument is
that
is transparently a delaying tactic if it
is transparently a delaying tactic and
there's a pretty good argument that from
a political point of view the
politicians involved are using it
exactly that way and and there are
people have on the left who have said
specifically well you know just keep
that seat open for told until the
government changes so we could get the
people and we want and and given that
you know candidate to judge garland was
delayed for so long it's actually not
completely unreasonable strategy you
might hate it but it could work so in
that context spending a few days having
the FBI look at stuff probably would
just kick up more things that they
haven't looked at so if they looked at
it for three days and came back and said
okay here's what we found what are the
chances that somebody else would come
forward there'd be one more thing we
heard one more person we got one more
effect you better take another week it
feels like that would be close to a
hundred percent right that the odds of
it really only taking three days because
I guess that's that was the case with a
needy health situation today's politics
probably not three days but suppose it
takes a month is that too long given the
young severity of the situation I'd say
no I'd say if if you even extended it to
a month and said why don't why not let
the FBI have a month and we'll really
dig down and we'll know something more
in a month well there's still a small
investment for a very large gain if you
could get a more credible situation in
the in the outcome and here's the
problem facts don't matter as the
president said can you imagine
realistically can you imagine any
situation where the FBI can come back
with an opinion on what happened 35
years ago that would change anyone's
mind I can't imagine that give you
because if they came up with let's say
they came up with another eyewitness who
said oh yeah I I was totally there and
Christine Ford is right that's exactly
what happened
what would the second part of that be
who did that witness vote for and then
we would find out
in all likelihood because this is the
way these things go we find out that
that one new witness voted for Hillary
Clinton now what are the facts are the
facts still the facts is that eyewitness
now credible no no that I witness would
not be credible because that eyewitness
would have voted for the other side and
the whole the whole issue is whether the
original
claim is politically motivated why
wouldn't we just say the same thing
about the next witness why would that
make any difference now we just have two
people who want to change the outcome of
the Supreme Court instead of one there
would be no credibility that came out of
any FBI investigation now let me ask you
this how credible with the FBI be for
this particular investigation now let me
say my personal opinion of the FBI
mostly you know mostly meaning
overwhelmingly you know good patriotic
Americans do in the work of patriots so
the employees of the FBI solid employees
doing the solid job keeping the country
safe but in this very narrow question of
President Trump and the things that
Republicans want and the Supreme Court
and all things Trump related on that
very narrow question is the leadership
of the FBI and of course the leadership
would have to be involved in something
at this level right
this is not a low-level thing it would
have to be the leadership is the
leadership of the FBI sufficiently
credible that anything they came up with
that indicated possible Cavanaugh guilt
could be accepted by the public and by
the public I mean in this case Trump
supporters who also want Cavanaugh to
get put on the court I don't think we
live in our world in a neither Hills day
well she's still alive but let's just
say in a Nita Hills
situation back with Clarence Thomas we
had an FBI who could do an investigation
present a result and the and the country
would say oh well if the FBI says is
true that's probably pretty true came
right from the FBI
back in Anita Hills day what do we have
now right now we have a whole bunch of
emails from FBI Department of Justice
types who are clearly biased clearly
very biased so if the FBI did a
three-day investigation and came back
and said yeah we we have some good
indication there might be something here
what would that do facts don't matter
anymore in this situation it would have
no persuasive power it's a very unusual
situation it's you know that the FBI
would have no persuasive power no matter
what the facts were so when the
president says there's no point in
delaying it to get what Chris Cuomo
would say would be a perfectly
reasonable small investment just asking
the FBI hey just take a few days just
take a few days and you know figure out
you see if we can get closer to the
truth
that sounds completely normal in Anita
Hills time you know back back in those
days that would be a completely
reasonable thing to ask
in 2018 asking the FBI to determine
whether president Trump's person is you
know of good character or not is frankly
ridiculous it's kinda ridiculous so the
notion that the FBI would be a credible
a credible filter to put on this story
he is ridiculous they are not a credible
trusted institution on this specific
question again I'll say as clearly as
possible and I hope you all agree that
the you know the vast majority of them
working on the vast majority of issues
you know like 99.9% of things are just
Patriots doing a good job keeping the
country safe and we support them
completely but on this very narrow
question the FBI has no credibility and
and they are earned that lack of
credibility through their actions I
would say let's talk about some all
right so here's my point just
summarizing this 17 year old Brett
Kavanaugh had a different brain than
modern-day Brett Kavanaugh he has no
legal obligation for something that
happened that long ago so if you take
the legal part out of it you're only
asking yourself is this the the brain
that we want on the Supreme Court and
what you can tell from his 17 year old
brain is nothing because it wasn't the
same brain it just wasn't the same guy
in terms of his personality is
decision-making it was a different guy
he just has the same DNA and he has the
same sort of legal ownership you know
was socially determined identity as that
last guy but he's not the same brain and
we're putting in the brain on the
Supreme Court all right let's talk about
judge Janine's comment so you probably
saw her on the Hannity show or at least
a lot of you did
you know you may have seen the clip in
which judge Dean tossed out the word
hypnosis in in talking about the context
of why Ford the accuser may remember
something that some people think didn't
happen
now there's no evidence on the table
that anything called hypnosis is any
part of this story to the best of my
knowledge if we ever found out that Ford
went to any kind of a therapist who did
anything like hypnosis that I would say
that would very much change my opinion
of you know the quality of her memory if
it was a sort of recovered memory under
hypnosis those are not real that's not a
thing so that would be a case where
you'd say Oh red flag red flag red flag
but there's no evidence of that
so I think I think judge Jeanine was
using it in more of a hyperbolic way not
not a you know stopwatch putting you
under hypnosis but maybe just that she
had been influenced to the point of
remembering something wrong and if she
if she had been influenced by some
professional therapist type that would
be important but there's no evidence
that any kind of formal hypnosis
happened you know I'm just saying it
there's no evidence of it all right
here's my other big observation for
today you're seeing a lot of people
argue on both sides of this Cavanaugh
story people who were pretty sure that
they have the answer of whether
something happened or did not happen as
described by four and here's the form
that most people are arguing and it goes
like this if your story is correct
how can you explain why you've seen this
on both sides right the both sides say
well if this is true how can you explain
why you even saw the president do it in
a tweet this morning he's
said if if Christina Ford story is true
why didn't she report it to the police
back then and you've seen the other side
say the same form of things well if you
know if it's not true
why is it that she mentioned it to her
to people ahead of time if it's not true
why did she tell her therapist it was so
both sides have the same construct which
is we don't have any direct evidence we
don't have you know anybody's DNA we
don't have video you know we don't have
a second witness to clarify so there's
no direct evidence so both sides have
the same contract well if X if you're
claiming X how can you explain why and
here's the problem with that as an
argument it's not an argument about the
evidence it's an argument about your own
ignorance you can't convince me to
change my mind because you've also
convinced me you're an idiot
all right insisting that you can't
imagine another explanation for
something is not anything about that's
the situation it's an explanation about
you being an idiot because you can't
imagine another explanation that's not
how you change people's minds hey I'd
like to change your mind let me start by
saying I'm an idiot and I have no
imagination about things we're done now
have I changed your mind
we-well you haven't even talked about
the facts I don't need to talk about the
facts I can't imagine any facts that
would not be consistent with what I
already believe now wait a minute are
you saying that the evidence supports
what you're saying no no I don't have
any evidence no evidence what I'm saying
is I personally I can't imagine how I'd
be wrong
because if X is true I can't imagine why
I would have happened that's not about
the evidence that's about you let me
give you example I'll use president
Trump's tweet just so you know that I'm
being objective about this point and now
keep in mind that the president is in
the UM he's doing the work of persuading
right so he's not trying to pass the
fact-checking he's not trying to be
rational on this point he's trying to
persuade but the argument looks like
this if this if this event really
happened why didn't she report it now if
there are other people who are adopting
this argument and saying the same thing
well if it really happened why didn't
she report it to the police
that's not facts that's not evidence
that is you not understanding that there
are plenty of reasons a 17 year old
doesn't report things to the place one
of them might be this she was passed
down a drug and she was underage one of
them might be that it would only make
her life worse one of them might be she
was a 15 year old girl what 15 year old
girls make good decisions the whole
context is that a 17 year old Brett
Kavanaugh made a bad decision
suddenly a 15 year old girl is supposed
to be making good decisions on what
world do we expect that to be true have
you ever met a 15 year old girl they
don't make good decisions you know who
else doesn't make good decisions 15 year
old boys 15 year olds they don't make
good decisions so if your argument is
why didn't a 15 year old do something
that I would have done as an adult
that's not an argument that's something
wrong with you you can't persuade me by
telling me how ignorant you are and how
bad your imagination is that's not an
argument but still it can be persuasive
to the people who want to believe so the
president is you know consolidating his
base
we're persuading his base and plenty of
his base
we'll adopt some version of his
arguments which are well if it's not
true that it's made up how do you
explain this and then the other side is
doing exactly the same thing exactly the
same thing there's like well how can you
explain this unless this really happens
so let us agree that the how do you
explain this thing is a failure of your
own imagination I have not heard
anything from either side that I
personally couldn't imagine several
explanations for all right so take take
any anything you think is in evidence
here take anything you think is in
evidence like why would she report it if
it weren't true well how about for
political reasons about she'd
misremembered it there are lots of good
reasons I can imagine lots of reasons
that would be perfectly normal how about
you know how could she describe now how
could she how's it possible that she
could miss identify somebody that she
knew how is that even possible I'll tell
you how happens all the time if you
don't know that that even that level of
misidentification literally somebody you
know if you think that's impossible
that's your problem because it's not
impossible it's actually fairly common
to misidentify people even even within
the small class of people you know
really well that doesn't mean she did it
I'm just saying that if you're asking
the question how do you explain this
there's plenty of explanations and
they're all pretty normal pretty normal
it's easy so don't don't confuse your
own lack of imagination your own lack of
knowledge as some kind of evidence that
somebody else did a crime so given all
that I think the only thing that makes
sense is to say look you know we're not
blaming people for anything that
when they were 17 doesn't have the same
brain and we're putting the brain on the
Supreme Court we're not we're not
putting some legal entity which
coincidentally shares DNA of a creature
that existed 35 years ago that makes
completely different decisions know
whether or not this event happened or
didn't happen
it's a different person you know in
terms of their mind in terms of their
decision IQ it's a different person
legal it's the same person all right
yeah then others are saying a look at
the yearbooks she was a partier
the fact that she's a partier means what
[Music]
doesn't mean anything
yeah nobody is arguing that people who
were drunk make good decisions so I
don't know that that has any relevance
that her yearbook says she was a partier
and that the school was a partier
now if judge Kavanagh is not confirmed
and this also goes to Chris Cuomo as
point of why not why not just take three
days and look into it if you take three
days to look into it you probably find
other things they may not be evidence of
crimes or wrongdoing but there will be
more questions won't they
and and so we'd be heading down a path
where nominating a man for the Supreme
Court becomes hard now what if it what
if we reach a point where nominating a
male for the Supreme Court is so
impractical because you know there's
going to be stuff like this coming up
what if it's so impractical we just stop
doing it because nobody wants to deal
with it
is that the world you want to live in
maybe you do I I think you're seeing the
same thing I'm saying but let me let me
characterize it
I'm seeing in social media primarily
opinions primarily from women or
exclusively from women that are the
basically are just pure anti mail and it
seems like there was a time so people
are saying we lost the video I'll wait a
second if you lost the video link
sometimes you have to get out of
periscope and get back in but everything
is fine for me and some of the people
listening but I think I saw women saying
in public and not backing down from it
the men are sort of the problem and I
thought that's new I mean it's one thing
to think it but it's one thing to be
able to say it out loud
and do not have any repercussions
apparently there's no repercussion for
saying that bad or just sort of bad go
back 30 seconds and repeat yeah it
sounds like we lost some time here I the
last 30 seconds I was just pointing out
that it seems to me that in the the news
we're seeing women coming out and just
essentially demeaning men in general and
that that's now acceptable so it has
become acceptable behavior to just paint
men in general as horrible beasts it's
not new that people thought it but I've
never seen it so brazenly spoken in a
political context without repercussions
oh just old white men yeah so the the
notion that a bunch of old white men
would be incapable is exactly the judge
karyol situation isn't it you know what
the the accusation against Trump when he
said Judge Carell might be biased
because
as Mexican heritage and the president
had of course been painted as the enemy
of all people in that in that category
and people said are you saying that
judge that judge can't be objective
because of his race well that's that's
exactly what the president was saying
but it was limited to the specific
specific question because the question
was about race and Mexican immigration
so in that specification yes
that was exactly what the president was
saying that a person's you know a
person's life experience causes the
potential for bias and you would like to
get rid of that in any kind of a legal
context which which in the legal context
is actually allowed and it's good good
form to do that but why would we use a
different standard for the Senate it is
true that having in my opinion as I've
said in a different periscope that this
is one of those cases where some
diversity is almost certainly a benefit
because if nothing else it will give you
more credibility for whatever decision
comes out so I've argued that diversity
in the Senate and in other places is a
powerful thing for the United States
because we have a diverse country so
that you're just matching your form of
government to the population and that
makes you stronger then if the
population has less less puts less
credibility in the government so just
sort of a standard obvious statement but
in this case these old white senators
are being accused of being old white
people old white males specifically yeah
old white men when did it become okay to
say that because if it's okay to say
that is everything on the table now you
know is it are we allowed to say that
some other group can't be they can't do
their job because of the wrath
d or their gender it feels like some
kind of a line has been crossed wouldn't
you say and as I saw somebody else on
social media say how could a man be a
Democrat you know that's that's still an
exaggeration it's still a little
hyperbole to say that but not a lot it's
not a lot you know I would say that now
that's a legitimate question whereas
that would have been a crazy thing to
say not long ago the question how could
you be a man and join a party that
doesn't like you how can you really how
the hell how the hell would a man become
a Democrat when the leaders of your
party who are women and let's I think
we'd agree with that when you say the
leaders of the Democrat Party are women
let me do a fact check on me okay so
I've made a claim of fact that the
leadership of the Democratic Party are
women now that doesn't mean all the men
not obviously there's a Chuck Schumer
there's a keith Ellison door there there
are males and important positions but
wouldn't you say that the the opinion of
the the Democrats is whatever the women
wanted to be true or false
Democratic philosophy is what the women
wanted to be the women who are Democrats
am I wrong it's not what the men want
because I'm pretty sure that the white
men who are also Democrats don't really
want to live in the world where they can
be told they can't do their job well
because they're white males I mean if
they do think that that's a strange
situation I'm sure there could be some
people in that group
Pale Male and stale is what I've heard
okay I got to say that's pretty that's
pretty good persuasion so somebody is
using the phrase on the Democrat side
talking about Republicans pale male and
stale that's pretty funny even though
it's offensive Chuck takes his lead from
the women that appears to be true all
right I'm not gonna read that comment
well how long will it be before we see a
national-level politician say what I
just said
do you think that'll ever happen do you
think you'll ever see a national
politician say that the Democrats are
the are party for women because you know
I think I said this I don't know months
ago maybe a year ago then it seems like
the Democrats were starting to evolve
into a gender based political group sort
of a gender focused group because let me
ask you can you name the the Democrats
plan for helping black people just take
your time can you tell me what the
Democrats want for black people what is
the the big program they're working on
to help all the black people who are
Democrats they've got a plan right they
must have some plans because they're the
inclusive party Oh what we can't think
of one now think of what the Democrats
want in terms of gender and suddenly you
know you can think of lots of things
right so it is not my point of view that
the thing that Democrats are asking for
is wrong or that they shouldn't get it
I'm not making that case because there
you know you've heard my opinions before
in particular on the question of
abortion I have recused myself because I
don't have a womb and I think that women
are more capable than men of deciding
how society should treat this they have
more skin in the game and I defer to
what I would consider a more credible
durable opinion which is whatever the
majority of women come up with so if the
majority of women want the to abortion
law to go one way or the other I'm going
to keep my mouth quiet and I'm gonna say
if women collectively have supported
this then all supported as well
I'm not saying men shouldn't have an
opinion I'm not saying you shouldn't
have an opinion
I'm not saying men shouldn't have an
opinion on how they spend their money
that's fine I'm just saying that I'm
recusing myself so anyway
my point is I'm not arguing the politics
of the points coming out of the Democrat
side I'm not arguing them on their merit
I'm simply saying that as a brand and as
a political force they become a gender
force and that's unmistakable now it's
not they're not really about inclusive
it either about gender and power I would
say all right I think I've said enough
and I'm going to sign off for now and
I'll talk to you all later bye for now