well let me tell you just about
everything that could go wrong has gone
wrong so far this
morning every technical problem you
could imagine uh you're not seeing the
dilbur comic posted because I've got a
massive computer
problem this
morning which I called upon
myself my own damn
fault I did something last night late
last night that was either going to
solve a gigantic problem or was going to
make my computer
useless probably
forever guess which way I went made my
computer useless probably forever so I'm
going to have to figure out how to get
my backup computer
working so I can print the Dilbert comic
so don't ask me about the Dilbert comic
this morning it's what I'll be doing all
morning to try to fix it so that's what
we got going the
lighting not bad need some
notes I can usually judge the quality of
my day by how many text support things I
have to do before uh 8:
a.m. so I've already done text support
on uh two computers and one coffee
maker and I'm just getting
started can anybody figure out any
reason why the the comments would scroll
in the only way that you can't see them
what what would be
the what would be the point of Designing
comments that you couldn't
see does anybody have an idea about that
what what were the designers thinking
it's like I'm going to put some comments
on the
side but we'll make sure that you can't
see them
oh what's what's that all
about I have no idea why any why it
would ever be designed that
way so this is where I beat the system
by putting your comments on a separate
device in other words this will be my
four technical problem I have to solve
this
morning and
successfully there we
go it is Trump's fault Trump's damn
fault
it wasn't in the
requirements it'll fail in 10 minutes
and you'll switch to the browser but I I
would recommend that you use probably
use the browser
anyway I can't imagine it was ever
tested all right I just I'm just going
to put my computer right in front of the
screen
so so you know it's a clui situation
when you have to put one device halfway
covering up the other device it's way it
works all
right on the app it
works now they they obviously figured
out how to do it right on the app
because I'm watching it right
now
you're back on the app because the
browser didn't
work can't use the browser on the phone
anymore
okay there nothing but technical
complaints all day long oh I'm sure we
can do better than
that
sound is cutting
out how many how many of you are having
a problem with sound cutting out right
now is anybody having that problem we'll
do we'll start the show at the top of
the hour two
minutes this this is the pre-show if
anybody wandered in from YouTube and
Rumble and x and
YouTube uh the pre-show
happens so that I can look at your
ments all right so most of you are
having no
problem most of the technical problems
are people having their own specific
problem but imagining it's
General we need the precept all right
here's the
precept remember this one does not count
toward your permanent record the precept
is just practice for the real thing
it's very satisfying
though so last
night um so you all know I have this
famous calendar related problem where my
brain doesn't process time the same way
yours does so I don't see things in
order and I can't recognize calendar
dates so last night or yesterday I spent
several hours trying to put together my
Archive of 35 years of dbor comics which
should be all in one place but for long
story reasons they're
not so so imagine me trying to figure
out seven different sources with all
different dates four different file pro
types some with overlay some one file
all different places and on different
mediums and I had to figure out how to
get them all in one place and I said to
myself I could probably do this but the
risk is that it will fill my hard disk
and tomorrow I won't be able to use
Photoshop because the scratch scks will
be dis will be filled and then I won't
be able to publish my
comic and then I said to myself Scott
Scott Scott you worry wart what are the
odds that this one thing is going to
would be the thing that makes you not
use your computer in the morning what
are the odds of
that well my scratch disc is
full so there's no comic till later this
morning all right let's do a
show good morning everybody and welcome
to the highlight of human civilization
it's time for me to stop my complaining
I've been complaining this morning it's
time to stop all that because the fun
stuff is about to begin yes and if you'd
like to take your experience up to
levels that nobody can even understand
all you need is a all you need is a cup
of mug or a glass of tankered chel or
Stein a canteen juger flask a vessel of
any kind fill it with your favorite
liquid I like coffee en join me now for
the unparallel pleasure of the dopamine
the end of the day the thing makes
everything better it's called the
simultaneous Sip and it happens now
oh well if you missed the pre-show I was
saying that the Dilbert comic will be
posted a little bit late today because I
got a massive computer failure but I do
have backup computers that's the way I
roll so I just have to get my backup
computers up to
speed well here's a funny story uh
unless you'd ever like to travel again
for the rest of your life and then it's
not funny at all but yet another airline
related
incident you probably heard of this one
so the flight from Sydney to New Zealand
but there's a funny part of the
story uh so it was a 787 Dreamliner and
it had a sudden drop so it's flying
along and it suddenly just dropped it
lost engines but the funniest story is
from one of the passengers who was
asleep so one of the passengers tells a
story I think it was in the Wall Street
Journal or Washington Post I forget tell
tells a story of waking up to the jolt
so so imagine imagine this this is this
is the story he's asleep and all a
sudden the the plane has a sudden you
know goes down he wakes up he looks
around to sees what's going on and he
looks up and there's another passenger
who's completely stuck to the
ceiling because the plane was still
going down and he didn't have his seat
belt on so guy's actually stuck to the
ceiling and then then the BL levels out
the
[Laughter]
go now I hope he didn't get hurt CU I
wouldn't be
funny but can you imagine waking up and
seeing your fellow passenger pressed to
the to the ceiling of the
airplane all right well it's a tragedy
but it was
funny
anyway um I have this uh hypothesis that
everything we do is
rationalization uh of our mating
Instinct now it's a little bit of a
oversimplification but it explains so
much of
life for example um the job you get the
clothes you wear the car you buy I think
are all a representation of your mating
Instinct you're either signaling
something or you know your pecking to
try to look like you're a good mate that
sort of thing and that's even if you
already have a mate because I think
we're just biologically wired to be
mating
people so that hypothesis says that
everything else we do is a
rationalization because we're not
totally aware that we're just basically
bumping around trying to mate so we come
up with all these reasons why we did did
things so this is important because um
if you're seeing a shift of men from the
Democrat Party to the Republican Party
there's a real obvious reason for that
and I haven't seen anybody talk about it
except me and the answer is that when
the border is
open it's a not a political problem
that's not a political problem that is a
security problem that's a physical
problem what happens when there's a
physical security problem anywhere in
society in any part of society any
country any time in
history the men Take the Lead because
it's a physical security problem because
they're bigger and they're more
Expendable and you know they basically
can handle stuff like that on average
right every person's different but on
average
and and when you see that the Democratic
party is in favor of keeping the Border
open and you see the men saying screw
that I guess I'm not a Democrat anymore
it's because of the mating
Instinct that's all it is politics
politics politics but men are seeing Too
Many Men coming in to compete and the
men are saying uh-uh nope uh but what
about all the reasons um nope nope how
about not sending in massive numbers of
men to compete with me and take my stuff
and kill me nope hard no uh-uh
nope now I don't believe that men are of
course consciously conceiving it as uh a
risk to their mating strategies but
that's what it is and then you say to
yourself but what about women are women
just as interested in security yes but
you know what they like more than that
massive numbers of new men coming into
their environment that they can mate
with because they can't find mating
possibilities in their current country
with the current
population and if you think I'm joking
nope not even a little bit but the The
Mating Instinct would suggest that
because women especially single women
who have who have the biggest play in
the Democratic party the single women
would automatically and subconsciously
favor the introduction of more mating
age men even under dangerous situations
if they don't have mating options that
they like where they are do you think
the single women are saying to
themselves wow I got all the mating
options from high quality men that I
could ever have I I have so many dates I
can barely handle it well some do top
10% but probably 90% of women are like
where are all the good men not enough
good men why aren't men asking me out
and so it should be no a surprise that
men would be trying to close the border
so that more men can't get in and
compete and women would be on average
you know this is all just on average not
any specific man or
woman
and that all we're seeing is biology
playing out through our pretend
political process where we act like
that's really what's happening but
probably not well here's a shout out to
Lex fredman who did something that was
uh
amazing and so useful and so good for
the country I want him to go a little
bit further next time but what he did
was he had a debate on his podcast in
which he got some uh um
people on different sides of the Israel
Gaza situation and he let them uh talk
it out with no time
limit now you know I've been talking
about what I call the The Joe Rogan
problem of you know talking about topics
and it's nothing about Joe Rogan of
course it's it's I just use him because
he's famous but it's about any podcaster
who has one expert come on and present
one point of view for an
hour that is not helping you you think
it is but it's not because if you're not
hearing the counter argument at the same
time you're really just being
brainwashed it might be true it might be
useful it often is but you don't know
you don't really know seeing the other
side of the argument so the the only way
the society can move forward in terms of
debate and understanding and being
rational the only way is if the people
on different sides are in the same place
at the same time without too many trats
now the one and so Lex did that and I'm
going to say one of the greatest things
has happened in a
year does that sound like an
exaggeration that the Lex fredman
podcast just letting people talk it out
would be one of the greatest things
that's happened in a year yes because I
contend that 100% of our problems are
brainwashing 100% that if we can get our
minds right we actually don't have too
many unsolvable problems
we just don't have our minds right and
our minds are not right because we're
being massively brainwashed in every
possible domain all the time and our
media is completely illegitimate the
news business is completely broken so
you're not getting anything useful from
the news and even our science and our
experts are all broken so if you could
find some way to get some little Beacon
of Truth through all the BS that would
be the most important thing that our
civilization that
experienced and Lex is right on the edge
of it he didn't get there here's what's
missing you still need a strong
moderator but you'd have to find a
moderator who can actually just keep the
the flow of the conversation right
without putting too much of a thumb on
the content that's a real tough thing to
do so Lex experimented and so I'm 100%
in favor of the experiment which is what
would happen if you just let them talk
just film them and let them talk give
them as much time as they want and the
answer is has probably really took a big
step forward I think anybody who watched
it probably saw two sides and maybe they
got smarter but the the bit that I
watched suggested that a little bit
firmer moderating might have helped it a
little if as long as the moderator
wasn't putting a thumb on the content so
that is a gigantic beam of positivity
that I hope can be taken into something
bigger so great job Lex um and I
recommend his
podcast um you're aware that the
government has been flying in illegals
not just people who were coming across
the border on their own but we've been
flying them in and Rasmus did a poll to
find out what people think about that
idea of flying
uh we won't call them illegal even
though the crimes the crime of being
illegal in entry is a real thing but uh
let's just say they're bringing in the
migrants and how many people do you
think are in favor of
that take a guess how many people are in
favor of fly spending money to fly in
extra
migrants well we've got a migrant
emergency how many citizens do you think
think that's a good
idea you know the answer it's exactly
25% yep 25% favor the program according
to
raspon now uh 60% disapprove and then
there are some other people in the gray
areas but uh how in the world does our
government continually get away with
doing things that are uh that the
majority disagree with
vigorously the only way I can think this
is happening besides not telling
people
is that people are so afraid of speaking
the truth in public that they can get
away with doing things hugely
unpopular because if you speak out
against the migrants you're a big old
racist and maybe just people don't want
to be painted that way so that might be
part of it but we have a pretty big
problem if the government continues to
do things that the vast majority of the
public says I completely understand this
issue you know immigration isn't that
complicated compared to other things we
do understand and we don't want it I
mean the way it's happening now we do
want immigration we need it but we need
to do it right all
right um I asked the question the other
day um is all of our alleged good
economic uh performance compared to
other countries because the United
States is doing such a great job or is
it because we ran up our debt more so I
asked grock which three countries uh
developed countries industrialized
countries which ones had the greatest
increase in debt percentage increase in
debt not dollar biggest percentage
increase in debt since the pandemic and
the three winners were Japan losers I
guess Japan United States and the UK so
those are the countries that ran up
their debt the most as a percentage of
their GDP so let's check the news and
see which countries are getting positive
economic reports well Japan Japan is in
the news for its uh unusually strong
economy it's the number one increaser of
debt number two United States United
States is doing great compared to
European countries we're told and also
is the second biggest increaser of debt
as a percentage of GDP now third is the
UK the UK is not exactly killing it are
they how's the UK
doing I I didn't think they were killing
it but um I think the I think the point
is
made how many how many great economists
and you know smart people people have
You' seen recently who have told you
that oh our economy is looking good jobs
are good and you know startups are good
and and then they don't mention that the
obvious reason for it is too much debt
and that we're in a debt death spiral
we'll probably figure it out but I feel
like that's kind of
important don't you think kind of
important to mention
that well there's a weird thing
happening with the comments
here
let's see what's happening because it
looks like oh I see what's
happening I got to see if the comments
are self scrolling now it looks like
they almost
were oh yeah I wonder if it's fixed huh
looks like the comments are scrolling
properly
now it's like it got fixed while we were
on the call that's a that's a weird
thing all right well good news
there um here's another presidential
poll that looks pretty fake to me or at
least the
headlines um so I think this was in the
hill it said that Biden is holding a a
one-point lead over Trump in a national
poll do you believe that do you believe
there's a national poll in which Biden
is suddenly leading over
Trump does that sound does that sound
even possible well let's see who who did
such a poll Reuters ipsos Reuters
Reuters well Reuters is known as
completely
independent and
unbiased am I
right wait in the comments you're
disagreeing with me you're acting like
Reuters is one of those biased toward
the
Democrats well as you know no matter
what the real polling results are toward
the when we get closer to the election
the illegitimate polling groups will
tell you it's really close we all know
that right the illegitimate pollsters
will all tell you it's a neck and neck
race and there's no way to know who's
going to win so if something unusual
happened in the outcome I guess that
would be completely explained by all
those polls as say it was so close you
can't even tell who's going to
win so yes we can see all the plays
developing way ahead of time now I don't
know if the writer poll writer os's poll
is accurate or not no way to know but um
they do go on in the body of the article
saying that Trump is ahead in seven of
the close
States so another way to report the same
story would be uh Trump has a dominant
lead because if he's going to win in all
the close States it doesn't matter if he
loses by a mile in California cu he was
going to lose California anyway so the
the overall vote isn't telling you as
much as individual State races
especially the swing States and it looks
like um Trump is still he's got a handy
lead than the important States and also
you have to read on into it to find out
that if you throw Kennedy in the mix
then Trump
wins the popular vote as well don't you
think that should have been the headline
given that we're pretty sure RFK Jr will
be on you know in most of the states or
all of them don't you think that the all
the polling should include him they
should do the poll with kennedyan
first and then if they want to do a
hypothetical take him out but the
headline should have said uh Trump is
ahead in all the key States and he's
completely ahead of his other two
competitors in the
race is that the correct headline why
why was the headline that B that Biden
is is beating
Trump that's actually not what was
happening that's actually just
misleading well Bernie's talking about
his 32h hour work week so it would be a
mandatory 30-hour work work week which
really is a clever way to get a raise
for salary
people so Bernie is a he's he might be
crazy but he's not
stupid because if you get paid time and
a half for working over 32 hours there's
going to be a lot of people who are
going to work over 32 hours because they
just need to and they'll get a bunch of
overtime so I don't know that it's a
good idea or a bad
idea I will tell you from my personal
experience that if you have a a business
meeting and you don't have an end time
it will use up all the time until people
are too hungry and they got to pee but
if you go into that same meeting and see
and say people I've got 20 minutes and
the meeting's over we've got to do all
this work in 20 minutes go can they do
it usually yep usually you you can make
you can make your work fit the time and
humans have a vast history of doing that
very consistently so if you cut your
work hours down to 32 would you get
roughly the same amount of work in well
it depends on your job right if your job
is just standing there processing stuff
you're going to do less of it in 32
hours but there are other jobs where
you're thinking and solving and fixing
and you definitely could do the same
amount of work in 32 hours Only the Good
employees bad employees will just do
less so it's hard to know how that would
work out but I'd love to see an
experiment I would love to see if it
makes people happier and they get the
same amount of money I don't think this
one's
crazy do you how many think it's just
crazy to go to 32 hours
I I feel like it's totally worth a try
but maybe not
nationally don't you think it's more of
a state laboratory situation so Bernie
should probably uh you know maybe be a
thought leader on this but I don't think
we need any federal I'd be against any
kind of federal quick action on this but
give it a
try find a state give it a try maybe it
works I I think that's within that's
within the range of
unpredictable Behavior because what if
it makes everybody happier
healthier it could make us happier and
healthier it's
possible yeah you know if you're betting
against it being a good idea I'm not
going to argue with you but um isn't it
true that Europe has a shorter work
week now Europe is probably not killing
it compared to the United States but I
think what would happen is the people
who want to work more would still do it
uh just employers would have to pay more
and and there'll be a lot of
entrepreneurs who can work as long as
they
want well here's an update on the Trump
lawfare I don't think that I'm the best
one to give you updates on the Trump
lawfare stuff because I'm not a lawyer
and all of them look the same to me I
cannot keep these straight let me see
which one is the one with the Soros
funded black prosecutors who are just
trying to get
Trump uh with complete BS which one is
that oh that's right it's all of them
how am I supposed to keep them
straight so let's see there's the
maralago uh case where the judge is
asking questions that strongly
suggest that it looks like selective
prosecution and if the judge is even
asking the question has anybody else
ever been prosecuted for this doing
exactly the same thing and if the answer
is no nobody's ever been prose for doing
exactly the same thing and in fact Biden
did at least exactly the same thing in
the documents not the obstruction
part so to my non-lawyer eyes I think
that one's going to get tossed
out what do you think so that's my
stupid non- lawyer opinion just common
sense so there's no way that that judge
is going to do a
trial in which even if the person is
convicted it would look like well no
matter it would just look like a you
know not
justice so I think Trump is going to get
a good outcome on that now the secondary
part is that it's not about retention of
documents it's about Trump allegedly
obstructing the attempt to get them back
but here's the thing then it gets
complicated again I'm not a lawyer so
don't trust anything I say on this topic
but isn't it true the
that there if there's no underlying
crime or at least one that's not going
to be
charged is is there
obstruction can you have obstruction of
a case that shouldn't have been
brought I mean I I guess technically you
could maybe I mean that's up to the
lawyers but even if it's technically
obstruction against something that
shouldn't have been
charged still that doesn't become a Core
case does it
that you technically obstructed
something that shouldn't have been a
charge in the first place can you
actually go to jail jail for that well
maybe technically you can but if it
happened um people would have a lot of
explaining so I've got a feeling that's
going to go Trump's way but too early to
say we're still waiting for the fonny
Willis uh decision about whether she
stays on the case has that been decided
while I've been
that hasn't been decided yet right I
don't think so so but one of the things
that could happen there is if fonnie is
taking off the case there might be a
prosecutor uh who doesn't even want to
prosecute and just says that
pass so that could just go
away like the whole thing could just go
away uh because I think unless they
prosecute
fonny which they probably reluctant to
do how how can you how can you say that
well you know I don't have to finish
that all right uh and then Elvin Bragg
said I guess he allowed some kind of
delay I don't even remember what the
Elvin Bragg one is about was that about
stormmy or payments or something was
that the Elvin brag
one oh the judge ruled the Fon is
staying somebody's saying so that just
happened oh that's even
[Laughter]
better that's even better isn't it
because now it looks so obviously uh
unfair that it kind of guarantees that
either either they're going to have to
find him innocent or it largely
guarantees that the outcome will not be
seen as
credible It's Kind of
Perfect this is the only situation in
which I case I which I'm hoping to get
the the law wrong be because they've
painted themselves in such a corner that
if all the lawfare went away I think it
would hurt Trump at this point I think
Trump will do better if he's under you
know immediate direct lawfare risk of
jail right up until election day that'd
be the ideal situation so so may maybe
we'll see all
right as I often tell you we think we
come to our opinions because we did our
own research and you know we've got
priorities and we read the news and we
formed an opinion nothing like that
happens uh you could ask science if you
don't believe me we are assigned your
opinions that's it you're assigned your
opinion you you choose a team and then
you choose a news source and then the
News tells you what your opinion is and
then next time somebody ask you what
your opinion is you repeat what you
heard Jake Tapper say and that's your
opinion
and you you'll defend it and you'll
actually think you came up with it on
your own the the news is about assigning
opinions and people not realizing that's
what happened that's what the whole
business is about let me give you if you
don't believe that let me give you an
example so RFK JR says America has the
highest chronic disease burden in the
world America spends
4.5 trillion a year on Health Care
with 90% of that going to treat people
with chronic
diseases 4.5
trillion probably
unnecessary probably because of some
combination of pollution microplastics
food that's poison and lack of exercise
and uh pharmaceutical
stuff now that's all the stuff that RFK
Jr um has targeted as our highest
priority and and let me say this as
clearly as I possibly
can if we were capable of making our own
decisions and we came up with our own
opinions RFK Jr would be leading in the
presidential race by
mile he's the only one who's even
identified our biggest
problems but what are the other guys
working on that would save you 4.5
trillion a year and make you happier
what what problems would be solved if we
got rid of chronic disease well it would
fix the economy because people would be
working instead of sick it would free up
$4.5 trillion dollar a year that we
would spend on on other goods and
services which probably would be better
for the economy than spending it on
healthc care for things you didn't need
to spend it on our uh mental health our
mindset our our rates of depression
would be much better if we didn't have
chronic disease people would be willing
and able to reproduce CU they they
wouldn't be obese and sick and they
would look good to other people like
they did in 100 years ago and maybe our
National Defense would be better because
we could field a military that wasn't
all sickly and
fat there is nothing we're doing in any
other form of politics that as important
as this nothing do you think the war in
Ukraine has the same risk as this
chronic disease thing nope as bad as the
Ukraine thing is is very very unlikely
it's going to turn nuclear because
there's just no
reason
and and it has a limited number of
deaths you know let let's say another
million people die it's nowhere near as
bad as the stuff that RFK Jr is talking
about that's a million people now I'm
not I'm not minimizing the death of a
million people I mean that's pretty
awful but it's not nearly the size this
the size and scale of what RFK Jr is
talking about and what should be its
importance is not even close to anything
else we think is important climate
change trivial compared to this trivial
even if it's real you know even if the
alarm people are right it's still
trivial if you don't understand that
you've been brainwashed by the news
right if this isn't immediately
registering to you as true you've been
brainwashed by the news these are not
these are not hard things to compare
$4.5 trillion do and you know 90% going
to chronic disease everybody you knows
got some kind of chronic disease that we
didn't used to
have there's nothing we're doing that's
this important not even
close and he's running a distant third
so that's how you know that the media
signs your
opinion well you you've seen some videos
probably of the New York subway there
was a fight and somebody got shot in the
head and there was video so it looks
terrible because it the videos bring you
right into the terrifying scene so you
actually on the subway while somebody's
getting shot in the car that you're
in my God now that looks really
scary however I believe there is a
solution on the way uh we are shipping
in enough Haitian
refugees um to eat all of the criminals
no I'm just kidding the Haitians are not
getting that that's just a rumor that
people started there is no evidence that
any of them are cannibals that is just a
joke and by the way it's not a racist
joke because if I heard that the Swiss
were rumored to be cannibals I'd be
having just as much fun with it so
before you go off and say would he call
what he call white people
cannibals yes yes I would if it was
funny if it were funny I would call
white people cannibals in fact uh didn't
who was the serial killer Jeffrey
dmer Jeffrey dmer white guy
cannibal have I ever made fun of Jeffrey
dmer being a white guy in a cannibal yes
I have yes I
have all right uh there's a report that
the cartels are using massive drones On
the Border to check for places they can
get across and uh I guess our military
said that uh over a thousand drones per
month are Crossing into US airspace from
Mexico a thousand a month now I assume
that's really you know 10 drones that
are making lots of trips I don't think
it's a thousand drones it's probably 10
that work every day because you know you
got to check every
day still way too
much um and one of those drones may have
been in my backyard the other day so
that bothers
me and uh yeah there there's actually a
debate about whether Chinese made drones
should be available for sale in the
United States does it seem like a good
idea that our Sky should be filled with
Chinese drones Chinese made
drones is there nothing they can put in
those devices that would
be bad for us later you do they have do
they have software
updates do drones get software patches
probably probably get smarter yeah had
to worry about
that well whoopy Goldberg uh said the
said this on their show quote I have to
say this before we go I don't believe
Trump is actually out there she
confessed I think that's an AI of
him okay um then she doubled down I
think a lot of that has been AI she said
that's just my opinion but that's what I
think okay
um so it's a good thing we're getting
our important opinions from The View
because that's one I wouldn't have heard
anywhere
else okay
sure um however the Press has given some
cover to that opinion and noting that
there are in fact uh AI generated or
photosho pictures of what appears to be
Trump uh being popular with black voters
so I think you've seen that one I've
seen that one where Trump is just you
know he's he's surrounded by black
voters who are clearly loving him and
he's hugging him and loving him back and
they're all Smiley that's a fake fake
photo but uh I would imagine that
there's going to be a lot more of
those G given the power of visual
Persuasion don't you think there are
going to be a lot more of those photos
showing black Americans just having a
great time with President Trump hugging
and kissing him and kissing some black
babies and stuff like that now is that
legal I'm not recommending it by the way
just in case it's illegal it's it's
unethical so so don't do it but uh would
it work in terms of
persuasion if uh let's say you're a
black voter you're on you're on the
fence you're not too happy with Biden
but you know you haven't been sold on
Trump and then you see a bunch of
pictures that you think are real let's
say they're AI but they look real enough
and you see that other black Americans
not only are okay with Trump but they
love him oh my God look at him laughing
he's at the barbecue he's at the barber
shop yeah they're laughing it up they're
high-fiving well I don't know how much
high-fiving happens in the black
community probably not as much as I'm
used
to
if you come to a party I'm I got like a
piece of cheese in one hand and I'm
high-fiving people with the other I feel
like if you go to a a black party might
be less of that you know less less
cheese and high-fiving but
anyway uh so I think it would be an
excellent uh excellently effective dirty
trick to show the president being liked
by
people but it would work because our our
visual uh our visual senses dominate our
other senses uh in terms how we think
about the world but on top of that it
would not be just a visual it would be a
uh what do you call sort of a group
what's the word for that uh what's the
scientific word when you see people that
are like you and then you just agree
with them because uh they're like you
what's that called social proof social
proof right um so it'd be a good social
proof and I love the fact that she's
just going to go out there and say that
AI is that Trump's an
AI all right so let's talk about that
Boeing whistleblower you know the story
the Boeing whistleblower had one more
day of testimony about Bo and then was
allegedly committed suicide in his car
outside a
hotel so he committed suicide in his car
outside a
hotel after extending the day of his
leave that's right he extended the time
at the
hotel and paid for
it well I don't know if he paid for it
but he extended his time and then
allegedly killed himself in his
truck because that's how you do it
that's the normal way you kill yourself
isn't it first you extend your time at
the hotel and then you go kill
yourself
so let me ask you
this I don't know much about this
field but how many people have killed
themselves in the
morning I feel like it's close to
zero like I don't know I I'll take a
fact check on that but I I'm just sort
of looking at my own mind and experience
I've never had a bad
morning
morning's usually pretty good but if you
check in with me at you know 9:00 at
night if things aren't going
well completely different
attitude right so do you think that this
guy killed himself in his truck in the
morning see
that and here's the other
thing did
he did he not want to be found
why why would you kill yourself in a
place that's you know going to take a
while to find
you that well maybe that doesn't matter
but everything about this looks uh looks
like a
murder looks like a murder no way to
know but on the surface doesn't
track well there's more people talking
about this idea of uh people who don't
hear conversation in their head in the
comments how many of of you do not hear
an ongoing conversation in words in your
head that's like a dialogue that's
running all the time now I hear the
dialogue all the time how many of you do
not do not hear the dialogue in your
mind like all the
time somebody says 7 p.m. did it happen
in the
evening oh did it oh I'm getting a fact
check I'm getting a fact check that it
happened in the evening at 7:00 somebody
says all right so there's some question
about the
time but uh even if it's 700 p.m. I
guess I'd ask the same
question yeah well I I'll bet there's a
time a day when it almost always happens
I'll bet it's I'll bet it's after 9
o doesn't mean it doesn't rule it out
but it' be one of those indications
anyway talking about mind blindness um
so some of you I guess maybe up to a
third don't hear language but here's the
more shocking
thing you don't see pictures when you
close your mind when when you close your
eyes and there's a test where you look
at a red star then you close your mind
and try to imagine the red star and some
people can't do it
that's mind-blowing to
me um here's something
I uh I I've always known about myself
but I didn't talk about
much
when when I was
young uh I was not into reading
fiction and I didn't like movies and TV
much as as much as I should because my
my imagination was better meaning that I
could build entire stories with
characters and dialogue in my head and
then just watch that and then I'd always
watch what I wanted to watch so when I
made the movie In My Head it was like
you know I'm the hero of the movie and
you know I kill all the bad guys and I
get the woman and stuff like that
so I could not under I couldn't explain
to people why I was so entertained
without being entertained because I can
do the whole movie in my head now that
shouldn't surprising now that you know I
have a you 36 years of a cartooning
career which is literally imagining a
scene in my head and then writing it
down so shouldn't be too surprising that
I have that you know specific Talent um
but how many of you cannot do
that so in my head I can put dilbur in
any scene and rotate him I could rotate
him
360 I could I could have him doing I'm
doing doing it right now in my mind I'm
seeing Dilbert rotating and doing
jumping jacks in complete detail just
like it's in front of me I I could trace
it when I draw I'm
tracing did you know that when I draw I
have a blank piece of paper I project my
mind onto it I see the picture and then
I trace
it now if you can't see a if you can't
see an image
in your mind you probably can't
draw so that might be one way to tell if
people can picture things just ask them
to draw it and even if you haven't in
practice and you don't have drawing
talent because have you ever noticed
there's some people who don't spend any
time learning to draw but if you hand
them a pencil they can draw like a face
and you think how the hell did you do
that you never even practiced it's
because they're just
tracing yeah so our minds are so wildly
different and we just don't realize it
we're walking around like we're all the
same well let's talk about RFK Junior's
uh choice for VP Aaron Rogers the
football player has come up a few times
and now there's a story CNN wants to
trash him by saying that in
2013 he shared a conspiracy theory in
person but not publicly just I guess
oneon-one with a reporter and it was
about that Sandy Hook thing publicly
he's always treated it like it was
exactly what it was you know a real
event so publicly he has he has no
problems with anything he said publicly
about it but privately allegedly and
reportedly he said you know he had some
doubts about the legitimacy of it now
I'm not going to say that really
happened I'm going to say I do not like
this standard for
reporting I don't like the
standard the things you say in public
should should always supersede anything
you said
privately even if they're different
because the things you
say the things you say in public are
what you want people to hear you express
the things you say in private are often
more conspiratorial or it's just funny
or it's you know it's um you're just
playing around so to be held to that
standard of something that you said
individually when you've also said
something publicly H
that's that's a bad look so CNN I think
this is unethical reporting I think it's
just unethical I think you have to take
the public statements especially if
there's more than one take the public
statement now that would be
different you know I wouldn't say that
for every topic you know if it's a
politic I who privately said ah we're
just trying to screw people and then
public publicly you know say oh it's a
good idea that'd be different but if
you're talking about a private citizen
who's just noodling with you know about
the news and speculating you don't take
that and report it that is so
low that's just low yeah so CN then you
suck um let's talk about the tiktock ban
which should be an easy topic but boed
it get
complicated so Rand Paul got into it
with Brian kilme about the question of
who owns Tik Tock so Rand Paul is
sticking with the technical definition
of ownership as in who owns shares of
the company which is not the Chinese
government so therefore says Rand Paul
stop saying that China owns Tik
Tok but
the real question is who controls it and
there is no debate that Tik Tok can tell
this company to do things and it has to
do
it so why is ran Paul doing this weasel
lawyerly yeah but technically
technically the ownership is not Chinese
so why do you keep saying it is when
everybody knows that's not relevant why
is he doing it it's not because he's
dumb because he has a long body of work
that have Prov Prov to us over and over
again he's one of the smartest so why
would he do something that's so
obviously
dumb when we know he's not
dumb and how about
uh how about when he he treats um let's
say the data and the persuasion of Tik
Tock as if that should be treated the
same as our domestic companies like
Facebook is there anybody watching this
who thinks that you should treat an
adversary the same way as a
friend does that make sense to
anybody like why would you even say that
out loud in public that you should treat
your adversaries the same as your
friends because Facebook you know I can
disagree with Zuckerberg on any number
of things but he's not my
enemy I'm pretty sure that Zuckerberg
wants what's good for the country if not
the world right how is he my enemy not
at all if he does something that you
know is damaging you can work with him
and he'd probably try to fix it if you
if China did something that was damaging
to the United States would they fix it
or would they say oh double down on that
that's working how how does a smart
person say in
public anything along the lines of
treating a domestic company and an
adversary country's control of another
company how do you treat that as roughly
the same
that's not honest is
it so the trouble with being smart by
the way I've had this trouble myself
let's see if any Of You' had this this
trouble it's hard to be smart and also
trusted they don't work well together
because when you're smart people think H
he's saying the thing I like to hear but
what's he really mean does he have a
clever trick you know if somebody's dumb
you figure you know the whole game
you're like all right you probably mean
exactly what you say but if somebody's
smarter than you or just smart you think
H there might be something more to this
could be more cleverness to this than I
see so
anyway um if you can understand why Rand
Paul is trying so hard to not act like
ran Paul I guess that's the best way to
say it why is Rand Paul doing so much
work to not be Rand
Paul cuz he doesn't do that
this is really the opposite of what he
does so there's something a
Miss here's the part that we can say for
sure there's something a miss about the
Tik Tok story but let's go
on so you probably heard in the news two
opposite stories which I think I have
the answer to now some you probably
heard somebody say the bill is
specifically about Tik Tock and it names
them by name it's a tick TI Tock bill so
if you think it's going to influence any
American companies well you're just not
reading the bill right it says Tik Tock
it's a Tik Tock specific band is that
true Let's test your knowledge is it
true that it names Tik Tock and it's a
Tik Tock specific ban yes or
no Well turns out that other people say
no this is a general thing about social
media companies and it could allow the
president to shut down the
xplatform um if he declares you know
it's doing bad things well it turns out
that both are true it is a specific Bill
aimed at Tik Tok but then they added in
this extra part and the extra part
doesn't name anybody but says it would
also apply to another social media type
entity with over I don't know a million
users so it has to be a certain
size and if they are if they are
influenced by an
adversary huh influenced so it doesn't
say owned by an
adversary not owned so that takes care
of you know Rand Paul's concern it's not
about ownership it's about
influence so suppose you had a American
social media company that uh I don't
know let's say the owner of that company
will just brainstorm let's say there was
a social media company in which the
owner of the company had other
businesses that depended on
China would you say that that's a social
media company that is influenced by an
adversary
yes no doubt about it yes that is a that
is a social media company that's
influenced by an adversary no doubt
about it no doubt about it
do I think that therefore the xplatform
should be banned or changed of course
not of course not I mean it's all
transparent I mean you you can see
musk's business in China there's no
surprise about any of that and you can
see what he does on X and you can uh I
believe he's published The Source Code
so you can you can see the algorithm the
source code not of the
algorithm and you can observe for
yourself if it's pro-china I don't see a
lot of pro-china content on X do
you so the reality is it doesn't it
doesn't seem to express itself in
anything I can
notice but what if uh what if Biden said
it did what if Biden said you know
there's a lot of posts on that their
Network that
xplatform seeing a lot of stuff that
even though China didn't say you have to
do it I feel like there's a little a
little bit of a thumb on the scale there
that maybe it looks a little too
pro-china so we better cut better band
that
xplatform so do the people who say it
includes other platforms are they
right yes they are yes they are because
the word it's written with enough weasel
language that you could imagine a
president you know um saying it applies
to something else like X so
um how hard would it be to fix
that here's the other thing you should
look forward to do today the
disagreement over the the
ban uh not every person the the Rand
paes and the masses have I think
different issues
but one of the biggest complaints about
the ban legislation is that it would
maybe apply to other things not Tik Tock
how hard would that be to
fix uh let let me show you the total
effort to fix that and make the bill
completely acceptable to 100% of
Americans it goes like
this let's see where's that one
paragraph that says it applies to the
other could apply to any other company
that meets a certain threshold oh there
it
is there you
go that's it and then you then you vote
on it and then you now your bill would
be different from the house right so
you'd have that change and then the
process allows that our process allows
that one of the houses you know modifies
and approves but then they work it out
in some kind of committee or something
am I right that's how the process works
right so we're acting like there's this
big problem with the bill and they
literally have to line out one
paragraph
it's not connected to anything else it
it's just by itself and it's totally
offensive and it doesn't get to the
issue a hand later if they wanted some
other legislation that affected domestic
company maybe if they have an
argument but we have a tiktock problem
now here's here's the other argument I'm
hearing from allegedly smart
people we we have to take care of all of
the all of the social media bias you
know not just picking this
one what how does that make
sense so we have one problem that we
could solve easily just by voting on the
ban you know get rid of that one
paragraph but then vote on so we've got
one easily solvable problem with an
adversary and then there's the domestic
stuff which is not easily
solvable and doesn't have anywhere near
the same level of risk because they're
are friends they disagree on politics in
some cases but Zuckerberg is my friend
he's not my enemy right we could just
disagree on
politics so watching smart people
pretend that you can't solve the easy
problem because you don't know how to
solve the unrelated hard
problem that's not what smart people do
anywhere in the world every smart person
acts the same way oh I have one big
immediate problem I can solve easily
I'll solve that and then I'll go work on
the other
ones nobody waits to solve all problems
before you solve the easy one nobody
nobody
nobody and yet there are adult human
beings walking around telling us that
that's the ordinary way to do things
it's never been ordinary it's never
happened nobody's ever acted like that
it doesn't even make any sense to to
connect these two things the domestic
and the foreign uh but then China is
throwing in a little uh little uh
wrinkle and uh they're indicating that
they'd rather uh stop serving America
than to sell the American
Business now knowing that at this stage
of things people would Bluff so bite
dance might be bluffing and that you
know if you said you know your option is
to get $30 billion or not get $30
billion whatever the price is they'll
take the 30
billion but China who by the way Rand
Paul does does not own Tech Tok but
seems to have some undue influence over
them despite not owning
them how could that be
possible so I'm just doing my Rand Paul
expr me listening to Rand
Paul sure um by the way Rand Paul is
brilliant so whatever is going on is has
nothing to do with his brain being
defective we don't know what's going on
but it's not because he's
dumb all
right so I don't know if China's
bluffing maybe in the end they would do
it but in my opinion there is no way
that China will allow it to happen and
the reason I say that is how in the
world is China going to allow some other
company to have their source
code who thinks that's going to happen
do do you think that China is going to
allow Tik Tock to exist while taking the
same source code and all the data about
Americans and forming a competing
company with their source
code and then everybody can look at the
source code and see what it
was that's not going to
happen who thinks that's going to happen
well apparently uh uh former treasury
secretary minian thinks so he says he's
putting together their Consortium to buy
uh Tik
Tok does anybody think that that could
actually
happen do how many of you think that in
the real world a portion of Tik Tok can
be purchased and just run as its own
company it's called
licensing yeah you could imagine a
licensing
model I don't know why you'd be
licensing them
yeah I mean I see where you're going on
that
um all right Israel wants Tik Tok
there's always there's always an Israel
conspiracy on every topic all right um
so that's happening so I'm going to
predict that there will uh not be a tick
tock purchase now here's another thing
they could do here's something that
could be done suppose
um
suppose just
supposing suppose Tik Tock said we're
going to close the American Business and
we're not going to sell it to you but
here's what we will sell to
you the American
data because they wouldn't be able to
use it much anymore well they still have
it but they could sell a copy of the
data so what if they sold all the user
uh characteristics and data to an
American company sents Instagram and say
let's say Instagram said hey we will
take every one of you American users we
will give you the same user account that
you had on Tik Tok you don't even have
to change your name it'll automatically
be there and all of the American but not
the others the American users who are
also following you will come with you
their accounts will also be
automatically um populated into
Instagram and we'll give you an
Instagram reals kind of um
experience with whatever content you
bring with you were put there so it
could be maybe a combination of let's
say posts that somebody's already made
you know from their account um their
characteristics that would show you what
kind of things you want to feed to them
in the future although you wouldn't even
need that and they don't have to do any
work it's
automatic nobody has to sign up for
anything you just take all of their
signups and you just duplicate them now
that would uh allow China to sell the
business in a sense without selling any
code because there's no way they're
going to sell their code that's not
going to happen um so would that work
now the problem is that it would give
extra power to Instagram and Facebook
and
meta but it would
work wouldn't it
is there some hybrid situation where you
can take the the the business part of
the accounts and the information and the
people in the
profiles move them with their users so
that they they come with already 100,000
users just like they had before but none
of the foreign ones most of the
Americans have American followers I'm
guessing wouldn't you say most Americans
on Tik Tok most of their followers would
be Americans not when I say most 80% I'm
guessing so there is probably some way
to do that but it would be putting a lot
of uh Power and concentrate in one
hand all right uh the Biden impeachment
is off I guess there was a Republicans
were looking into the whole Biden
business situation to see if Joe Biden
was
benefiting from the foreign actions of
Hunter I guess there's not enough
information so they're going to drop it
you should know that two expert
Witnesses uh to the house gop's first
impeachment hearing included Jonathan
Turley and Bruce dubinsky who both said
there was not enough evidence of
wrongdoing to support articles of
impeachment so turle is one of those
rare people in the public eye who is
willing to take stances that are on both
sides of the political divide just
depending on what makes sense very
rare very rare he so he's willing to
tell the Republicans what they didn't
want to hear because it just happens to
be true which is there wasn't enough
evidence now I agree with
turly I did not personally ever see
enough evidence that I think Biden uh
could be charged or impeached that was
always my take now I was open to maybe
they find something but I didn't see
anything and the problem is that this
indirect the indirect way that the
family members did things and you know
when he was in office and when he wasn't
and you know how the money flowed there
would always be enough of an argument
that you probably wouldn't Prevail now
do I think that uh Biden himself was
financially benefiting from these
foreign deals of course of course it's
obvious everybody knows that so there's
no doubt about what was happening I
don't think there's any fact question
that the money was flowing from Biden to
the big guy no doubt but to find the
actual
crime I agree I agree with totally it's
it's short of what I would want to take
out a president now again let's be
consistent if this were
reversed and this were Trump would I
have the same
opinion I think so I think so I tend to
be uh soft on
presidents meaning that if if we're
going to lawfare our presidents it's
just bad for this public so I do I think
that the time to check them out is while
they're running the time to investigate
is not once they get an office and
they're doing a few things you like
right once they're an office I only care
about the job so I don't want a whole
lot of impeaching of Republicans Or
democrats even if you think there's a
pretty good shot don't do it that's
that's not helping me you do it before
and if you miss it well then you just
judge the person on their job
performance yeah now we we don't have
any question about whether or
not something sketchy and unethical
happened but just you know don't put a
lot of presidents in jail or impeach
them if you don't need to all
right um apparently the transcript of
Biden talking to Pro uh special counsel
her
H is available to some people I haven't
seen it yet but apparently if you read
the transcript the uh question of
Biden's brain is really well
settled apparently it's horrifying to
see them in action answering questions
in in the in the text so yeah so at
least one person who wrote on hot air
said it's a it's just a hot mess and
he's clearly not capable do you think
everybody who reads this is going to
have the same
opinion do do you think when the
Democrats look at it they're going to
say he's perfectly fine I don't see a
problem here some will Schiff will and S
Will and Jamie reskin will because
they're the turd caucus and they'll say
anything
so here's the maybe the biggest story
but it's so complicated that you may
not fully appreciate how big this
is so as you know Mike Benz has been
telling us about the so-called blob you
know the intelligence people and all
these uh non-government organizations
and Soros funding and the Democrats
doing this and that and and it it's real
complicated stuff but all of it seems to
be related to or a lot of it to
censorship but now there's like the
mother of all uh
censorship finds things you didn't know
about so I can't give you uh the the
entire details here I'll give you
summary as much as I can the summary is
there's a a massive American
brainwashing operation that started
around
2016 and we now have all the details of
it but when you read the story it will
be framed as
censorship so it's censorship on the
surface but it's really censorship for
the purpose of break brainwashing and I
think that when we call this censorship
we don't do ourselves a favor because
censorship feels like sort of the
ordinary back and forth of deciding you
know what gets published and what's true
it feels like ordinary When We complain
about censorship this is massive
brainwashing the the censorship is in
the service of
brainwashing not
even that's not subjective this is
exactly literally what it was a massive
brainwashing operation on on the
domestic audience so here's the story
there's this
group called us Aid that's the acony the
US agency for International Development
Center on Democracy human rights and
governance they got a big name and they
had created an internal disinformation
primer uh they showed that they were
trying to work with h private sector to
get them to censor stuff they thought
needed to be censored now the story is
the massive scope of this so for a
number of years our government through
this entity um has been trying to
influence media and private sectors to
get rid of what they would call
misinformation but of course it's just
censorship anyway um they endorsed an
Advertiser Outreach in other words the
government this government
entity was trying to get advertisers to
not advertise on places that they didn't
think were credible in other words
places that weren't Democrat
organs that really happened this is
really happening and by the way it's not
the
past this is still happening this is
happening now right it's been happening
for a long time but still now um I guess
they recommended that Google's redirect
method uh for pre-b
punking now pre-b punking is where
somebody's looking for some conspiracy
theory they heard about and they want to
find out more but instead of showing
them that search result they give you a
search result that debunks it so you see
the debunk before you read the
story is that a
censorship or is that brainwashing
that's
brainwashing yeah you you know
technically you could call it censorship
like I get it if it's the definition but
the purpose is
brainwashing like the larger purpose is
to make you think something's true that
may not be
true so I recommend that you read this I
I uh reposted this this
morning um from Owen thank you Owen and
you really just have you have to read it
to understand the scope so it is
literally true that your government has
uh undertaken a massive brainwashing
operation primarily to brainwash
Republicans into not believing the
things they
believe that's a real thing it's a real
thing yeah it's kind of head
shaking but whenever you hear that
there's uh oh in California listen to
this California and some other states
they've created a media media literacy
courses
media literacy what do you think they
teach oh I'm going to guess the CNN is
real news the New York Times is real
news but don't you look at breit Bart
don't you open that Fox News app because
that's where all the fake news is and
it's GNA get you what don't you think
that's what it is of course it is of
course it is that's exactly what it is
now
uh I did sit down and spent some time
tried to write my own media literacy
course for
kids and you don't have to write very
long before you realize you it can't be
done because the
truth is way too rugged for
children here's the truth first line of
my media literacy course all of the news
is
fake and your parents are too dumb to
know the difference your teachers are
mostly partisans and you cannot rely on
them for
anything about the
world that's first sentence who's going
to buy
that
nobody nobody there's no mechanism to
teach children the
truth because the constraints on giving
them the truth are extraordinary and
part of it is we we believe that
children can't be trusted with the
truth right there's a lot of stuff that
a good parent will not tell a
child there's a lot of stuff you say all
right we're not going to talk about that
or don't put that in your head or think
this don't think that so the the process
of raising a child is the process of
brainwashing them it's it's just you're
trying to brainwash them into good
habits not
bad so brainwashing is the universal
process that's going on with with kids
and if I gave them actual media literacy
would ruin everything they would become
bad
citizens because I would teach them that
all the news is
fake because all the news is
fake yeah so there's no way you can get
that published who's going to publish it
and in fact if I did write that and I
even got somebody to publish
it um it would be added to California's
media literacy course as another thing
you shouldn't look at
right suppose I made my own literacy
media literacy class for young people
and I I gave it away for free and then
let's say it trended on X it became a
big thing and everybody started talking
about it they would have California
would have to add it by name to the list
of things you shouldn't
trust that would happen you know that
would happen so yeah I can't get there
from there all right uh Senator Schumer
got in for uh seeming to call for a new
government in Israel which is none of
his business because that's not what
America does we don't tell other
countries democracies we don't tell
other democracies to go have another
election that's a little bit over the
line but on the other hand he he also is
a uh free citizen in America and he's
got an opinion he's got free speech so
I'm a little bit mixed on this one
honestly on one hand no it's not
appropriate for the United States to
lean on Israel to change their
government that's only up for Israel no
nobody gets a vote anywhere but Israel
on the other hand that's his
opinion that's his opinion and I respect
it yeah I don't agree with it like I
don't think it's the best thing for
Israel to do but I definitely support
his his right to say it in any job that
he holds and he did so so I just don't
agree with it all right well ladies and
gentlemen this completes my amazing
amazing podcast it's been a heck of a
year past year quite a bit has happened
in the past year but probably nothing
like the next nine months we're going to
have a fun ride so I hope you stay with
me through the uh the whole process and
uh we're going to learn a lot but I'll
tell you one thing that's really
different this time that's way different
than any other um election
cycle the Republicans at least I don't
think Democrats know it but Republicans
have seen all the gears of the
machine uh you if you talk to anybody
who doesn't lean left the conversation
will be hey what do you think the summer
hoax will
be because we all know it's coming we're
all waiting for the summer hoax am I
right every every one of you is waiting
for a summer hoax and you're you're
saying will it be black lives matter
antifa or or are they already trying to
get like the Patriot front or you are
they Jing up some other fake
organization because they need some kind
of fake group to protest so which one
will it be and we're all just watching
the gears of the machine
now so so now you see the the the Tik
Tock
conversation have you ever seen a
conversation uh about a let's say a bill
that's being proposed that was as rich
and realistic as the Tik Tock
conversation because to me you're
watching people being bought off right
in front of your
eyes obviously and um when I say bought
off I don't mean that they're
individually getting money I mean that
there's something good for the political
party or their political Ambitions
that's the bought off I'm talking about
uh not not personal enrichment I have no
evidence of anything like that so
yeah the I I think watching The Tick
Tock debate gives you every gear of the
machine you can see the whole thing and
it's all transparent now and I don't
think that ever was the case before you
can see that the media now we've all
become kind of experts at uh detecting
that the headline doesn't match the
story detecting that when they report
the good economic news you know a few
months later it's going to be revised
down
we know that when they say hey GDP is up
and they don't tell you that the way you
got there is by running the debt up to
ruinous levels we all see it now am I
right we we see the Nos and the
censorship we see the
finger being put on things by the social
media companies these are all the things
we only speculated about before if you
think how simple times were in
2016 when you didn't know how anything
worked like I thought we were Republic
in
2016 didn't
you or what do we call it a uh
constitutional federal republic or
whatever the official name is I thought
we actually were
one I didn't realize that we haven't
been one for maybe
ever that were basically run by the
intelligence groups for anything
important right the Intel people don't
care about what post office name has but
they're they definitely care about you
know a war
so they're running that stuff they're
running the Border I also thought that
the Border was some kind of a a problem
with crime and drugs and cartel and we
couldn't stop them and now it's obvious
that the cartel is working with the
United States otherwise it wouldn't look
the way it looks it's obvious that we
use them to control Central and South
America and they're just the muscle that
we use down there because we we always
pair up with the
muscle I didn't know that in 2016 that
wouldn't have been obvious at all but
now it's really
obvious would you
agree would you agree that you can see
all the gears of the machine now and I I
think and and then Co really revealed a
lot Co told us for sure that all of the
experts can be lying at the same
time we didn't know that for sure we
suspected it you suspected it right
because you knew that money was going to
be a big game factor and nobody want to
ruin their career you knew it but you
didn't know it know it and now you now
you know it you don't have to you don't
have to speculate you don't have to
wonder no it's just the money that's it
so then you look at climate change you
say but climate change all the experts
are on the same
side yeah they're all wearing
masks that there there's your kill
shot but Scott don't you realize that
97% of scientists say climate change is
a huge problem you just lean in and
say how many of them are wearing masks
right
now how many tell me how many have a
mask on tell me Tell no no don't change
the subject tell me how many of them are
wearing
mask yeah and now we can see through it
all you you can see that everything from
the
nutrition science through climate
science was always fake it was always
fake and uh this is really different and
I I think that we can see Trump now um
in a way that we couldn't see him
before because now you say to yourself
all right you know maybe he's all this
dangerous chaos guy and all this other
stuff but you know what he does when
he's in office he just wants to do more
of that so a lot of the guesswork of how
crazy and dangerous he would be we don't
have to guess anymore we just watch we
saw
it so I think that uh we're probably in
a much better place than we've ever been
in terms of understanding our
situation and that should translate into
good things
eventually um but we're in a situation
where predicting anything a year in
advance makes no sense anymore because
robots and AI will change everything
everything I'm doing the The Joe Biden
whisper I'm I'm quite a fan of it
actually because robots will
change
everything all right and that's all I
got for you today go forth and have a
great day it's great Friday and uh it's
the odds of March so don't let anybody
stab you thanks for joining on xn Rumble
and uh YouTube too see sometime
tomorrow