well well well it appears that I have
accidentally triggered the Santa's
periscope so I'm just gonna go with it
I was actually typing in the the title
and my fat finger hit the go-live button
so we're live sooner than I thought
three minutes earlier than usual so
isn't it time for a little dopamine I
think it is I think it is let's somebody
says I through Twitter into a tizzy did
I do that I'm not sure which topic
you're talking about but anyway it's
time for the best part of the day it's
the part of the day that makes all the
rest of the day worthwhile it gives
meaning to your life yes it's time for
the simultaneous step it's when we all
feel together part of something bigger
than ourselves something amazing and it
starts by grabbing a cup of mug or a
glass it might be at a Curtis diet
steiner chalice could be a thermos maybe
a flask vessel of any kind fill it with
your favorite liquid i like coffee and
join me now for the unparalleled
pleasure of the simultaneous tip for
those of you who have not yet figured it
out every now and then you might want to
skip the simultaneous sip and just
listen to the content but the
simultaneous sip gives you a way to do
that because when you see my mug go up
like this you know that that's the end
of the introduction and the beginning of
the content and so it's very functional
alright let's talk first about president
Trump's tweet about the British
ambassador one of my favorite tweets of
all time there was lots to choose among
the favorites but you might know the
story that
there was an uncovered or I guess a
leaked email message from the UK
ambassador saying some negative things
about the Trump administration president
Trump decided to tweet to reply and
here's his presidential reply to the
very diplomatic ambassador who said some
bad things to him first of all let me
say this how is it that an ambassador's
private messages get leaked what's up
with that I'd love to know the story of
how a private ambassador's message got
leaked something there's something to be
something to be explored about that
anyway here's what the president said
about the Ambassador who insulted him in
the private email president says in his
tweet the whacky ambassador that that
the UK foisted upon the United States
all right already I love it right
there's lots more to go but when your
tweet starts with the wacky ambassador
that the UK foisted upon the United
States I'm sorry I like whatever is
going to come next I don't even need to
read the less the rest of it I'm already
you know you had me unvoiced it okay is
not someone we were thrilled with a very
stupid guy okay could you possibly enjoy
politics better than having the
President of the United States say in
public in writing that the ambassador
from the from the from the UK is a very
stupid guy he should speak to his
country and prime minister may about
their failed brexit negotiation and not
be upset with my criticism of how badly
it was handled I told Teresa May had to
do that deal but she went down her own
foolish
way wasn't it was I able to get it done
a disaster I think and here's the next
best part he goes I don't know the
ambassador he doesn't know the
Ambassador from the UK or closest ally
he's like that or you know that best
what happened I have been told he's a
pop is full
[Laughter]
tell him the USA now has the best
economy and military anywhere in the
world by far and they're both only
getting bigger better and stronger Thank
You mr. president
so he he ends his tweet by thanking
himself Thank You mr. president
now some of the many things I like about
this and there's a lot to like about
this is that he he fits in there telling
the USA has the best economy and
military because it's true true enough
anyway and and it forces his critics to
have to you know to say that because
it's impossible to ignore this tweet its
news alright and if the news decides to
we'll get rid of all the people
complaining about the audio blocked so
social media is gonna make it a thing
even if the regular news doesn't doesn't
cover it so he gets his message embedded
in this this insult now I suppose some
people who were just aghast
they were aghast that our president
could act so unpresidential to which I
say man you just don't understand this
show I call it the show
president Trump brings the show and the
show is weaponized this show is his
persuasion the show is what gets his
attention and the topics he wants he
knows how to bring the show if you're
watching the show and you don't know
that it's
I show you would be very confused maybe
even scared but once you understand what
it is and why he does it and how useful
it is it's a lot of fun there's a new
poll that says that there's some
substantial number of people who claim
to like now they don't like president
Trump's quote behavior whatever that
means they don't like his behavior but
they still approve of his performance so
that's something that pretty much
guarantees his reelection if there's a
if there are a significant number of
people answering polls by saying that
they they don't like his behavior but
they like his performance those people
might be the determining people so
yesterday my YouTube video did not get
demonetised
so that's good news right so I did a
YouTube video did not get D monetized
most of my video office know if it's Q
words or there's a person who doesn't
know what but this one did not the one
from yesterday did not get demonetised
it did however have zero recommended
videos so typically my normal videos
whether they're deep monetized or not
they get somewhere in the neighborhood
of 13 to 20 percent of the traffic comes
from YouTube recommending the video
because somebody watched something
similar this last video got zero
recommended zero I can see that the
periscope is is glitching out now
usually the the glitches don't occur in
replay so and a lot of the audio
problems are going to be on your end not
in the system but anyway so YouTube didn
t monetize me but they gave
no recommended videos and I thought to
myself what content did I have there
yesterday that caused that and I
realized that one of the things I talked
about was YouTube's competitor so the
one time I talked about YouTube's
competitor I got zero recommended videos
coincidence I probably not right
probably not a coincidence but you can't
trust anything in terms of the algorithm
at this point there's a new technology
apparently in which they can use a laser
from above from a drone for example and
the laser can identify an individual by
their heartbeat now obviously I guess
you've you have to measure them you have
to measure somebody's heartbeat once and
know who it is in order to have a
baseline but once you have somebody's
baseline you can identify them from a
laser from the sky through their clothes
with something like 95% plus reliability
now put it all together laser drum 95%
likelihood they can identify you from
space and kill you so now we have flying
machines they can identify you as a
human with certainty and kill you with
equal certainty wow I've got a feeling
that life is gonna go underground I
worry that our future is that we're just
gonna have to be underground
because if you get the high ground you
know whoever controls space this is
sorta going to control the world if you
can control the air above the ground you
sort of control the ground as well so
that's quite a fight we've got coming up
so two changes and the Democrats running
for
Erick's wall well is out I'm gonna give
Eric's wall well a well done now he I
don't think he managed to get anything
about 0% support for running for
president but I'm not entirely sure that
that was the the end goal of course he
would have liked to be president but I
don't think he expected what I did see
was Eric's wall while making a big
impression on the country becoming a
household name even more than he had
been by appearing on the news channels
and probably growing in stature and
reputation and probably you know will
get reelected easily because he's he's
so much more of a national name now so I
would say that strategy-wise Eric's well
well nailed it
I've been watching him for a while and
even if you hate everything he says you
don't like his politics blah blah blah
blah blah
he is pretty strategic so I gotta say I
can't ignore that he seems to make a lot
of good plays for his situation but the
funny part is that anti-trump ur an
impeachment pusher
Tom Styer is apparently signaling that
he's going to enter the race what does
it tell you I heard my dog dreaming and
barking Snickers will bark in her sleep
she's in the other room barking in your
sleep what does it tell you that Tom
Steyer waited so long and decided to get
into the race what do you know if you
know that well I think it tells you that
Tom Steyer thinks that they don't have a
chance of winning his highest priority
is getting Trump out of office if he
thinks he has to run for president to do
it it kind of means he doesn't think
anybody else can do it in other words
even Democrats are sort of giving up on
20/20 now I don't I think it's gonna be
a long time before
who says that their world but I would
expect to hear lots more Democrats
saying okay it's we don't have a chance
you're gonna see that I saw that the
president was framing the green New Deal
they opposes as something that will
crush minorities that's a really strong
persuasion framing so if we can for a
moment divorce ourselves from the
science and the truth and the models and
all that which are fun topics but today
just looking at the persuasion framing
it's a pretty powerful framing because
it feels true to me if you were to do
everything that the green New Deal wants
you to do I feel as though that would be
really good for the people who owned
beachfront property and very bad for the
people who want a better job or a job in
general so it seems to me that the
president's framing of that as the green
new deal is you know this is my own take
on it as bad for black people I'm
exaggerating what the president said
because he said it's bad for minorities
but in terms of the election I think a
lot of people are gonna look at that and
say what do you mean it's bad for me why
is it bad for me and the answer is my
slowdown your ability to get a job
that's that would be the claim I'm not
sure that I could that I could confirm
that or not
Epstein well the the Epstein story is
frustrating because all of the things
that are important are the things we
don't know right because how that goes
and what it means to the world and who
else is involved and what happened that
got it in the sweet deal the first time
blah blah blah it all depends on what we
find out in the future we just don't
know enough so predictably it has sorted
into two movies where
half of the world is saying look what
Bill Clinton did and the other half is
saying look what President Trump did
before he was president I don't know
that the Trump stuff is gonna hold up it
looks like that's that's the weakest
part of the story but there certainly
are a lot of questions I got into a
Twitter why would I call it exchange
let's call it an exchange was somebody
who had a theory that
Epstein's of fortune is somewhat
unexplained and apparently if you if you
had money and you called Epstein and
said I'd like you to I'd like to invest
in your hedge fund he wouldn't
necessarily even return your call so
however he made his vast amount of money
the one thing that we can be sure of is
that it wasn't in a normal way and it's
also somewhat mysterious so the
speculation was that he was luring
people into having inappropriate
relationships with underage females and
using that to blackmail now blackmail I
don't know if he would have had to
explicitly blackmail because I think it
would be enough if he simply had
convinced important people to engage in
this activity or even just get on his
plane and go to his Island you don't
actually have to say to somebody hey you
were on my Island I have pictures I can
make this bad for you you don't really
have to go that far so I don't know that
Epstein ever directly blackmailed
anybody but it might have been just the
situation itself that acts as blackmail
without ever having to say the words in
other words at anybody who might have
been involved in this alleged activity
it seems like they would naturally want
to make sure that Epstein didn't make a
plea bargain someday and start giving up
names so I think
I think you might see at least one one
person lose their job over this I've got
a feeling that there's a lot of badness
that's yet to come out so there's not
much else to say until we know more but
and then I saw Mike sort of Mitch tweet
saying that the that the charges were
limited to what happened in New York I
guess so anything that happened on the
quote Lolita Express or anything that
happened on his little island Epstein's
Island apparently is not subject of the
the latest legal activity so it could be
that that the famous people who whose
names have been dragged into this maybe
they don't have as much to fear it could
be that it's limited to some New York
specific activities and maybe they
weren't involved in any of that so I
think this is a situation I think this
is one of those situations where we may
never know what the deal was so
everybody's going to go away with their
own opinion of who did what which is
pretty devastating for anybody who
wasn't involved and gets dragged into it
you know they said that Epps they found
Epstein had a whole bunch of
incriminating photos of young like
looking women and I asked myself what
what the heck kind of accused sex
offender keeps evidence at his house has
he never heard of the Internet
it wouldn't be hard to have your
collection of bad pictures on the
Internet
you know with passwords and secret
places or whatever it's weird that there
are literally photos sort of an
old-school way to to be that kind of
all right yeah somebody says it's common
it probably is my periscopes are working
with Atlantic broadband now were they
banned it before or just not working
technically alright so the there's more
evidence that the Afghans might be
heading toward a some kind of a peace or
at least the framework of a path for
peace the BBC reported it but I didn't
see much about it in the mainstream
media's so let me give you the most
optimistic thing you've ever heard
correct me if I'm wrong I'm gonna make a
statement I just want you to think about
for a second what would be the most
impossible thing you could imagine
happening the most unlikely thing you
could happen in terms of the presidency
in politics I would say the most
unlikely outcome would be some kind of a
broad peace deal in the Middle East
wouldn't you agree
if you were gonna rank the likelihood of
political events you'd probably put that
one near the bottom right so something
we all know to be true peace in the
Middle East incredibly unlikely right
we're all the same page of that right
now let me tell you a fact that I want
you to fact check John we could have
peace in the Middle East if one person
out of seven billion people in the world
just one person decides to do it the the
ayatollah khomeini however you pronounce
the same Iran's supreme leader is really
the only person left because it looks to
me that the the Arab countries have
decided that they don't want to have war
with Israel anymore the Palestinians
depend on Iran and depend on some some
backing the
the the various proxies of Iran depend
on Iran is so correct me ephemeral peace
in the Middle East seems the least
likely most impossible thing that could
ever happen and simultaneously there's
one octogenarian who is the only person
keeping up from happening you're one
person away from peace in the Middle
East and that person is close to death
and that person is in a bad situation
you know this country is is having some
pretty serious problems with the economy
etc so think about it think about it the
most impossible thing you can imagine
just one person in the whole world just
one person and if he changes his mind
the most unlikely thing you could ever
imagine
could happen the you know all the the
variables are lining up I'm seeing in
the comments people are telling me that
Ross Perot died I can't confirm that
under seeing it in the comments somebody
says Cuba didn't change much when Castro
died disagree with that I would say that
it seems to me that Cuba is sort of on a
path to reintegrate with the rest of the
continent you know the rest of North
America I think that they're on a slow
but steady path in that direction and we
certainly don't worry about them
militarily so I think we're headed in
the right direction there too yeah
can I talk more about my god comment
from yesterday yes so that's one of the
most let's say provocative things I've
said lately a lot of people have spent
days thinking about it now what I said
was that well I'd have to look at my
exact quote but the idea was that God is
what's left after you take everything
away God is what's left after you take
everything away now what's what I like
about it and what made people think
about it a lot is that it can be
interpreted any way you want it which is
really sort of a meta compliment I don't
I'm not a compliment a meta comment
about the subject subjectivity of
reality and that's all but people are
going to think about that a lot I do
plan to do a reading of my book gods
debris and put it on YouTube and I just
have to find a block of time to do that
so I think you're going to enjoy that
alright to say if we have any questions
it's a it's a weirdly slow news
situation because President Trump is
doing so well on so many things
okay yeah gods debris is already on
audible so you could buy the you can
even buy it but I was thinking and
putting it on on YouTube so you could
just consume it that way and would get
much bigger play do I follow cap you'll
never heard of that name
how do affirmations work good question
probably the most frequent question I
get is how do affirmations work now I
talk about that in my book had a had a
failed almost everything and still win
big and the idea of between affirmations
is you write some kind of a simple
declarative sentence about what you
walked you do it every day and it helps
you far it helps
focus on it now people say what's the
exact way you do it and do you have to
write it down does it matter if you type
it what if you throw away the paper do
you have to use a pencil none of that
matters it's all about focusing every
day and visualizing what you want now I
have no evidence scientific evidence to
say that it works what I do have is lots
of experience that tells me that when I
do it I get the impression that it
worked which is interesting because if
reality is subjective
then my impression that it works might
be all I care about and number of times
when I used it to to achieve or at least
I used them before I achieved I won't
say that they were the cause because I
can't prove that but I used it before I
achieved two things which were highly
unlikely one of them was to become a
best-selling author when I had never
before written a book and that one of
them was to become a famous syndicated
cartoonist very unlikely and that
happened one of them was to regain my
ability to speak clearly when I had an
incurable voice problem did that happen
- and these are your samples there there
are a number of things that I can't tell
you about that are just that unlikely
but they happened in my personal life
and I can't explain all that
unless I'm authoring the simulation
somebody says my girlfriend is a 12
that is not true she's a 15 if anything
15 and 10 yeah I I live a life that
doesn't seem any way to explain it if
reality is objective and unless I'm just
the luckiest person in the world which
is possible do you still do your voice
exercises I don't
them explicitly but one of the things I
do when you hear me coming on the
periscope and the first thing you hear
is is me saying bum bum bum bum bum
that's actually a voice warm-up exercise
because I still have trouble sometimes
if I haven't spoken for a long time and
you're actually the first people I talk
to in the morning so I could be up for a
couple hours in the morning and having
never talked to an actual living human
and so the first time I speak after I've
awakened from the day is usually in
periscope so part of the benefit of the
pom pom pom is that's a real good way to
just loosen up your vocal cords it's
sort of like humming but a little bit
more will the voice exercises help
people with Alzheimers I don't think so
or somebody says their dad does that to
avoid morning stammer I'll bet it works
yeah humming happy birthday is the
classic voicex exercise as somebody is
saying in the comments here do you talk
to yourself out loud only if I'm having
ADHD problems so one of my more popular
videos I did quite a while ago is
teaching people how to focus when they
can't focus and one of the tricks I use
is to narrate my physical actions so
there are so many times when I sit at my
computer and I know I need to do some
work and I just can't do it
my brain is a thousand different places
I want to click on websites I want to
follow the story I want to tweet
something but the last thing I want to
do is work because the work often can be
so boring if it's just mechanical work
such as drawing another comic so boring
that I actually can't even talk my own
brain into it I'll sit in front of the
computer and my brain just won't do it I
have a workaround for that which is that
I narrate and so I say to myself as they
sit down at the computer
pick up pick up the stylus pick up the
stylus pick up the stylus and I will
repeat it until I pick up the stylus and
then I'll say open the page whatever
whatever page I want to work on and I
say select the text select the text so
whatever the task is I repeat it until
I've done the task and then I repeat the
next task and what it does is since your
your verbal your verbal abilities
essentially control your thoughts
because if you think about you think in
words when you have ideas about things
they're formed in actual language with
in your head so if you can hijack the
language in your head which is what the
repeating your next step does it hijacks
the part of your brain that controls
language it's kind of impossible to be
doing language saying pick up the pad
and pick up the stylus open the web page
go to this open open this you can't have
two conversations in your head at the
same time you can put sort of hold to
two thoughts a little bit your head but
not really you're actually just going
between thoughts quickly but you can't
really have two conversations in your
head your your verbal part of your brain
is just so dominant that if it's busy
that's all you can do it's hard to talk
and think at the same time so I and I
was doing it yesterday yesterday I just
could not finish a comic that I needed
to draw and I just started saying open
the file open the file Scott open the
file open the file until it was opened
and I wouldn't do or say anything else
until I had done that next step now the
other thing I teach is how to get off
the couch there'll be more of this in my
upcoming book but one of the tricks you
can use to get motivated to do something
big just to not think of it as something
big so let's say you said to yourself
you know I should really go to law
school and you know and forget about
this big
a goal for you is just something big
whatever it is I should start a company
I should go to law school if you have
that thought maybe I should go to law
school that's such a big thought that
it's hard to say okay today's the day
I'm going to make that happen unless
you're quite motivated if you need a
little help ask yourself what's the
smallest thing you can do in that
direction and then do it the smallest
thing you do might be to Google a list
of law schools within driving distance
and just do that don't do anything else
just Google the list of law schools
within driving distance you have to
break your steps into the smallest and
smallest chunks until you find something
so easy you can do it and googling is
easy so just do that after you've done
that say what's the next thing I can do
that's so easy I can't I can't not do it
well the next thing might be to look at
a couple of those schools and just drill
down maybe you just want to find out
what they cost and you're done for the
day
that's it you just found out a general
cost for a school that you liked you're
done for the day next day one small
thing I call them micro steps so I use
this technique all the time and I often
start projects that I don't complete
because I get to a stage where it
doesn't look like it's a good idea
anymore but I can get there fairly
quickly through these micro steps so at
any given time I've got several projects
going on where I could just pick at them
let's step micro step at a time some of
them will take on the life of their own
the things the things that end up being
important are the things where the
energy comes from the project other
people say you have to be passionate
about it etcetera but the way I like to
put it is that even a good example this
is writing a book when I sit down to
write a book do you know how big of a
mental
um let's say challenge that is if you've
never wrote written a book just for a
moment think about an author when he
sits down and says now I'm gonna start
to write a book Wow
it's a gigantic daunting totally
off-putting task because it's so big so
what I do is I write a title so I open a
file that you know a little nope no file
out of my computer and I say huh what
will I call it and then I realized that
I don't have a good title name so
because I don't have a good title name
should I wait until the next day
never you have to take a micro step
never ever back off from a micro step if
it's too big make it smaller if that's
still too big make that smaller there is
something small enough that you're gonna
do so if I can't think of a good title
even if that's the smallest thing I can
think of to do do you know what I do I
write down a bad title because a big
having the right title was too big step
but writing down a bad title on a note
is such a small step than anybody can do
it so I do it and then I say to myself I
can think of a second bad title and I
write that down maybe the next day I
look at those bad titles and I go ah
those are bad titles how about another
one twenty seconds of work all right I'm
starting a book that's gonna take me
months it's gonna basically eat up you
know all of my free time for a year but
I might spend twenty seconds the first
day just twenty seconds the second day I
might spend a full minute because I'm
starting to see that the bad titles
haven't have a path to becoming a good
title then I might open a document and
give it that working title knowing that
the title will change
it always does and then I'll write a
first sentence and then I'll close it
and I'll do my other work from the day
so to start a gigantic project do the
micro steps until you've done enough
micro steps that the project starts to
tap you on the shoulder when you're not
thinking about it what you want is that
you're you're doing something for
leisure you're just thinking about other
things your day is going on you might be
taking a walk you might be at the gym
and something taps you on the shoulder
you know your own brain and says you
know I can think of what a good chapter
would be I don't know what the writing
of the chapter but I can think of a
topic that would be good for that book
and then I write it down and the next
day I'll just write this would be a good
chapter chapter title that's it now at
some point after I've written a few
pages because I keep micro stepping my
way through there's almost always a day
where I sit down and get excited and say
oh this would be a good chapter I don't
know if this is a book but I'm gonna
write a good chapter and this good
chapter won't be good on the first pass
it'll be a bad chapter that's what I
have time for so I write a bad chapter I
have to work out it a lot before it's a
good chapter so that's how you do it you
you just pick your way through the micro
steps and you keep shortening the micro
steps until there's something you can do
if you've done enough of those micro
steps the project should start giving
you energy instead of requiring it
that's the step that tells you you're an
author
if you can't ever experience that you're
probably not an author and maybe not the
work you should be doing I suppose you
could power yourself through a book
hating every step of it but at some
point you have to feel that thing that
says I'm not putting energy into this
project anymore the seventh this project
is now giving me energy it's it's a
source of energy
a use of energy and so I'm looking for
that that transition period where it
becomes a source of energy all right
motivation by moderation somebody's
calling it I like I like my words and my
career steps how do you find your
purpose
excellent question a lot of people ask
me what's you know what's the meaning in
life what's your purpose I have thought
about this a lot as many of you have and
I've I've come to I think of you that is
either compatible with Jordan Peterson
were similar I don't want to I don't
want to summarize his opinion but I
think there are other people who have
hit on similar approaches
philosophically here's what I've
discovered whenever I'm doing things
which are compatible with my basic
biological design I feel purpose in my
life so that's the the standard that I
use and it's very consistent let me give
you an example I've never had a day
where I had great sex and I was also
concerned about the meaning of life
that's not a joke I've never had a day
where I had great sex and I was also
concerned about the meaning of life let
me tell you why there's a reason all
right it's not a joke it's a there is a
reason the sexual act is even if you're
not trying to reproduce your body in
your brain recognize it as part of the
reproductive process it's your most
basic biological function it's the one
you were you're born to do what are you
born to do reproduce and reproduce well
that's the second part so if I'm doing
something that is supportive of the less
a sexual and/or reproductive process no
matter how indirect it gives
purpose okay now I get greater purpose
doing things that are good for the human
the human let's say the the human
species so a lot of stuff you see me do
in public is specifically because I know
that if I do something that looks like
it's a positive for human beings in some
way that you know it is meaningful that
that makes me feel purpose now I believe
that if you feel purpose you have
purpose somebody says yeah but I'm 63
and have two grown-up kids if you have
two grown-up kids you probably feel
purpose whenever you interact with them
think about them realize that you have
created two new humans so I don't think
you have to have the kids to feel your
connection to your biological let's say
truth but you could have you could just
go through the process of doing the
things that makes babies without
actually making the baby so I would ask
you this if you feel that you don't have
meaning in your life ask yourself how
much are you doing that would be
supportive of your own reproductive
capabilities and for that I would say
are you exercising are you eating right
are you taking care of your appearance
have you refreshed your wardrobe so that
you look good could you get a haircut
right all of those things you might tell
yourself you're doing for other reasons
people like to lie to themselves and say
I'm making myself look good not for
other people but for my own self I'm
doing it because it feels good for me
that's never true
everything you do is some kind of a
ripple effect from the fact from the
fact that you are biologically designed
to reproduce and to reproduce well
meaning the best genetic material you
can
get your hands on reproductively because
what you're designed to find so anybody
who says they don't feel meaning in
their life the two things you should
look at is what are you doing to make
yourself look more like a good object of
reproduction
are you dating are you exercising are
you working on your career because the
resources that you can control through
your income etc it's all part of that
reproductive signaling so if you're not
directly evolved in the in the sex
dating reproduction mode and you still
want meaning in your life and there are
a lot of people are not really you know
following that that silo if you want
meaning ask yourself what you're doing
for other people
what are you doing to support the
species what did you do for charity what
did you do for somebody who couldn't
help themselves what did you do to you
know make the world more prosperous more
happy or you know less suffering so if
you're doing those things then you're
compatible with your biological self you
don't need any God in there you don't
need any God God is a bonus if you
believe in God and it works for you I'm
all for it for those who don't know I
say this often but I'm not a believer
religious wise I'm not a believer but
I'm a big proponent and big supporter of
religion when your religion is used
productively so Christianity probably
one of the best inventions ever
it organizes people's thoughts and lives
gives them meaning it's a very useful
thing for people who are believers all
right
so somebody is somebody is questioning
whether gay people can feel the meaning
of life the answer is yes in all the
ways that everybody else does no
difference because I said to you
even if your let's say you're straight
and you're just having you know
meaningless sex you're not trying to
reproduce you're just doing something
that's sort of a theater or a reflex
essentially that connects you to that
that feeling of being part of the
reproductive process my assumption is
that if you're anywhere in the LGBTQ
community and you to do anything that's
sort of a shadow of similar to remind
you of reproduction even if those things
don't reproduce but if they're in the
same realm of experience that you know
creates those good feelings of sexual
satisfaction however you're getting it
my guess is that you feel more connected
and that you feel that you're not as
you're not as desperate to seek meaning
because you sort of already have it
yeah not everyone wants kids so it is
absolutely not necessary to have your
own children to feel connected to the
reproductive you know I'll say design of
your body is helping the earth with
trees helpful yeah I would think that if
you thought that climate change was
threatening the world and threatening
the human species in particular and you
went out and planted trees every day
just to do your small part you know by
yourself you're not going to plant
enough trees to make a difference but if
you thought other people were and it was
part of the big process you probably
would feel meaning from that yes so
here's the here's the test ask yourself
if you're doing enough things that are
at least remind you of or connect you to
the reproductive process or at least if
you're not part of that in any way if
you're not having sex you're not raising
kids you're not a grandparent if you're
not part of any of that
directly at least you're doing something
for the species because what are you
doing something for the species you're
doing things for other people's kids
yeah let's talk about cartoonist ben
garrison if you're not watching that
controversy he's being accused of some
anti-semitic cartoons he was invited to
the White House as part of this summit
for finding out if the tech companies
are being too too biased now in that
context it shouldn't matter that he did
comics that some or many people find
offensive in the context of you know
free speech questions you certainly want
to have some offensive people as part of
the conversation so I don't think the
White House has anything to explain
there he's controversial we know what
the controversy is I haven't heard him I
haven't heard his side of it so I'm
gonna be silent on it so here's my thing
on Ben garrison apparently there there
are some actual cartoons that he did
that are on this website there's some
folks call the anti-semitic people have
different opinions of you know what it
is to be anti-semitic so I would just
say that there might be a difference of
opinion there but on top of that I
understand that there are people who are
doctoring these comics to make them look
worse than the original so first of all
you have to say that there's a bunch of
frauds and trolls creating content with
his comic it happens to me all the time
and you can't judge them by that stuff
but there is at least one comic I've
seen that I say to myself um Ben
garrison I would like to hear your
explanation of why you did this comic if
I just look at it on its face I have the
same reaction that Jake Tapper had when
he tweeted around which is whoop
and do you mean this comic is is this
comic supposed to be your opinion the
specific coming up talking about was one
I think his real one of showed a puppet
master and it was you know two generals
McMasters and somebody else being
puppets of George Soros and then George
Soros being further a puppet of the
Rothschild so between the Rothschild
reference and the Soros reference that's
plenty enough to get it to get it
categorized as anti-semitic but I have
enough experience of this business to
say that until you hear Ben garrison
explain what he was thinking you don't
really know what he was thinking
and what he was thinking sort of matters
because we're the topic is what does
that guy think that's the question right
I mean normally I say don't try to read
minds but since his comic is out there
and that's the comic has left his brain
is out in his out in the real world I
think he has an obligation to explain it
I have not heard the explanation if it
goes unexplained I think he has to live
with the ADL's interpretation of it I
think has to live with Jake Tapper's
impression of it I think he has to live
with other people's impression of it but
if he explains it you know what he meant
it could it could have been anything it
could have been you know suppose he says
I didn't mean this to be my opinion but
rather this is how people see things
that's possible I've done comics that
are not my own opinion there they are
somebody else's popular opinion maybe
maybe he was making fun of conspiracy
theories and he showed two levels of
conspiracy theories maybe so until you
hear him explain what he intended by the
comic you don't really know what's going
on so I'm just gonna say I did it I
tweeted something about it and
deleted the tweet because I decided that
this is a wait and see if he explains it
in a way that you say oh okay
yeah it looked really bad when I saw it
but now they explained it you know that
changes the context I don't know that
you can do that but until I've seen his
response to it I'm gonna say that I'm
gonna say that's a wait-and-see it's up
to him to explain I don't want to be in
the position of trying to defend to
anybody before I even know what their
point was for a later periscope
how would you revamped education well
education is going to become virtual
reality and I think technology is going
to get there and startups will
essentially take bad teachers out of the
mix I think that's the main thing you
have to get bad teachers out of the
process sorry my cats trying to ruin my
thing here she's she's getting in with a
microphone get that off your tail all
right all right I would like to know
more about hypocrisy really hypocrisy
I've often labeled as the most boring of
all political opinions there's nothing
more boring than if you say X did
something bad and somebody says oh yeah
well you like this other person and they
did something different that was bad or
something similar those bad that's the
that's the lowest level of political
analysis besides analogies I guess
somebody says a grown man with cats you
need a girlfriend
well if it helps you
the cat was was left over from yeah it
wasn't my choice let's just say what's
the highest the highest type of analysis
would be persuasion understanding that
people are not rational creatures and
that hypocrisy has no meaning
it just isn't it's not a it's not a
active variable
it doesn't affect anybody nobody ever
changed their opinion to be less of a
hypocrite and nobody ever got fired for
being called a hypocrite you always
think it's gonna be powerful but it's a
placebo well that's the way to say it
I'm gonna say that now even though
placebos giving it too much too much
power hypocrisy is just something that
people say for entertainment it doesn't
have a persuasive effect all right I'm
just looking at your comments and
they're mostly about animals and kids
now and I think I'm done so I'm gonna
talk to you tomorrow