Let's uh let's get a show together here
I think you deserve it do you deserve it
yeah of course you
do like crazy you deserve
it you deserve my finest
[Music]
show good morning everybody and welcome
to the highlight of human civilization
it's called coffee with Scott Adams and
boy you're lucky to be here but if you'd
like to take this experience up to
levels that nobody can even understand
with their tiny shiny human brains all
you need for that is a cup or mug or a
glass of tanker chalis din a canteen
jger flask a vessel of any kind fill it
with your favorite liquid I like coffee
and join me now for the unparallel
pleasure of the dopamine of the day the
thing that makes everything way better
it's called the simultaneous and it
happens now
go wasn't my best SIP but it was still
great well did you know that grock
AI uh allegedly can now according to
Mario noal he was writing doing a little
write up according to Elon Musk gr can
identify
frauds uh let's say you get an email
from from a Nigerian prince you could
say hm I wonder if that Nigerian prince
really needs my money to free his
fortune and then you could run it
through grock and grock would say no
Nigerian princes are not real it is ice
Cam and it can spot uh fishing fishing
as in PH I sh fishing scams and all
kinds of red
flags but what I wondered
is can grock spot
hoaxes so of course I asked it about the
fine people hoax and it got it
completely
correct and I asked myself do you think
that grock got the fine people hoax
completely
correct by itself do you think he just
looked at the facts and decided yep
that's a hoax I don't think there's any
chance of that because I don't think the
large language models can do that I
think the large language models would
just look at the predominant
opinion and unfortunately it would still
look like there were more people saying
it was real because most of the media
would say that so I think that grock is
being um let's say the finger is on the
scale just like all the AIS except that
the finger on the scale of grock is
trying to be uh
accurate I think so of the other AI if
somebody puts their finger on it is to
keep the propaganda there but in this
case the the fine people hoax is
definitely a hoax and so if it if
there's a little bit of programming in
there to make sure that it gets that one
right that wouldn't be the worst thing
in the world but it makes me wonder if
it can spot hoaxes in general because
you know I've taught you the the two on
the nose rule I've taught you the the
the one uh anonymous source rule R you
know I've given you all these rules for
spotting hoaxes can grock do that I'll
bet no but I'll bet it could do someday
and I'll bet it could be trained to do
it you know if he told it just a it's
the only thing he did was say all right
there's a few people who are good at
spotting hoaxes so just look at their
feed and try to imitate them do what do
what they would have done then I I think
you can get there pretty
quickly um
for
example this next story uh there was a
metaanalysis uh to see if the public is
good at detecting fake news oh here you
go do you think the Public's good at
detecting fake news well somebody did a
meta analysis to find out if the public
is good at spotting fake news do you see
the joke
yet as I've taught you metaanalysis is
not
real it it's fake science they use fake
analysis to determine whether people can
spot fake news if if the people in this
study didn't know that they were part of
a
metaanalysis uh well they probably
should have known um no actually if it's
metaanalysis it means they're looking at
studies that other people already
completed so no metaanalysis is like
horoscopes and you I've done I've given
you the long explanation of why but as
soon as you see metaanalysis just
discount it just say I mean it could be
true because a lot of questions are yes
no are people good at this yes no so
metaanalysis can be correct but so can a
coin flip it's basically a coin flip
because a human being decides what's in
the analysis and what's not that that's
the whole trick and if it's based on the
Assumption of the person doing it as
opposed to just the data it's not really
a real
analysis uh so for example if there's
one big study that overwhelms all the
other studies metaanalysis looks at all
the studies it says all right you know
one study might be unreliable but if I
look at the average of the studies you
know I'll get I'll get something useful
no you won't because let's say one study
is big and you're looking at them you go
oh well um
we'll throw that big study in there
because it's so big but then all the
little ones don't even matter because
the big one would overwhelm it or you
say h this one study says that
everything's wrong and these other
studies say things are the other
direction then use your judgment say huh
I think this one study that disagrees
with the other ones was poorly done in
my opinion because of reasons and the
other ones might be poorly done but
maybe you don't care or they agree with
you so
metaanalysis soon as you hear the that
those words run
away um so could AI do that yet could AI
do could AI do what I just did and say
oh yeah there metaanalysis that's that's
your trigger for not trusting it don't
think so not yet but it could it it
seems well within what would be
possible according to uh new
study um so researchers found out that
uh from this is from a source called
plus one I've never heard of it so I'm
trying to give credit but I don't know
who that is um it turns out according to
the study humans are more likely to
trust an AI voice that sounds like
them so if you listen to an AI voice
that sounded sort of like you you you
would trust it more than if it sounded
sort of like some stranger you never
met now do they need to do that
study
nope they could have just asked me it's
one of the most well-known well
documented well understood phenomena in
the entire world it's called
pacing
pacing uh plus one is a scientific
journal thank you
Owen um so pacing is when you
match the person you're trying to
persuade but the matching could come in
a lot of forms one form would be if you
do the same body language you know this
one this one is good in a meeting with
your boss uh let's let's say your boss
is leaning on the table like I am with
both arms you do the same thing your
boss won't even notice that let's say
the boss does this you do the same thing
boss won't even notice let's say you can
detect the breathing pattern of your
boss match it just breathe inhale when
they inhale exhale when they exhale and
do it as much as you can let's say your
boss has a certain way of talking um my
best example is some people like to use
a lot of War analogies like oh I jumped
on that hand grenade or we'll take that
Hill tomorrow or uh we'll die in that
hill and if you hear that you just start
using some of your own War analogies
it's like uh well looks like we're going
to be battling them today so that's
called pacing so although a human can't
easily reproduce the voice sound of
another human you didn't have to study
it I I could have told you with complete
certainty as could 100% of hypnotists
every hypnotist in the world would have
said oh yeah obviously if you can match
somebody's voice that would be killer so
yeah you didn't have to study it just
ask
me uh meanwhile uh open AI according to
Tech crunch Kyle wiggers is W writing
that uh they're planning to charge for
agents um and the charges could be up to
20,000 per month to have an AI driven
agent now an agent would be something
like uh like a little humanoid entity
that might help you with programming or
it might be a little humanoid sort of
entity that would help you with sales
leads or U stuff like that now they
would cost different the the prices
would be different so if you had like
the best software developer maybe 10,000
a month if you had uh you know some
lower level function that a human could
do um let's say let's say that the AI
agent costs are probably similar to what
a human would
cost but lower cost so ideally you would
save
money um I'm going to bet against they
working so I don't I don't doubt that
there will be a product and there will
be released but I'm quite certain with
my total lack of knowledge of AI I I
still feel quite certain that the large
language models will never be able to be
a reliable agent
because of the the hallucinations and
the lack of knowledge about current
things and you know the complete
inability to even look at a file and
tell you what's in it just the most
basic things they can't do so I think
what's going to
happen is that the AI portion will just
be the user
interface and that whatever is the agent
is going to be a whole set of non aai
programs which could be very extensive
and so if you put them together it might
be a good Agent but it won't be the AI
That's doing the agent part it'll just
be user interface to a whole bunch of
specialized programming for each of
these domains that's what I think I
think the llm is just a user interface
and it's going to be tough to get past
that but as long as the other programs
is solid you know the program that the
agents might be good it's just that
they'd have to develop a whole new
technology not not use AI to do the
whole thing that's what I
think I would love to be wrong about
that by the
way well a judge has denied a Elon Musk
request to block open AI in their
conversion from a non uh nonprofit to a
for-profit company now before you say
wow uh I guess that's over I guess AI
open AI got what it
wanted the judges only deny in blocking
it now uh and the reason for the denial
is that it's not obvious that if it went
to court it would go one way or the
other so uh apparently I don't know
enough about the law to give you the the
fine details but the basic idea is that
um the judge would have probably blocked
it if looking at the facts the judge
said all right if this goes to trial
it's going to get blocked by the court
you know by the jury or the the judge
after a trial so I might as well block
it now because it's almost certainly
going to go in that direction and
there's no reason to let them go too far
down that road if you know they're going
to let's say 90% of chance they're going
to get blocked but the judge called it a
tossup he goes I think this one's a coin
flip so that doesn't mean that um that
this is a done deal it means that the
judge can't
determine that it will definitely go
going one way or the other so there's at
least a 50% chance according to one
judge that uh the Elon Musk will be able
to block them from turning into a
for-profit now it feels to me that opena
has way too much backing and money and
Geniuses working for it that it could
get in this situation which is an
existential risk to the entire company
and not have a way through it so you
know of course they're up against Elon
mus with all of his resources and all of
his brains and all of his you know
personal
involvement and I think his case is
really strong you know if he gave a
gazillion dollars as part of the
founding thing and the part of the
agreement for taking that money was it
would remain nonprofit
which was really the central thing he
wanted it was the central thing he he
didn't say go bu build an AI he said if
we're going to build an AI it's got to
be open open source and you know
nonprofit so it does look like fraud to
me uh and I don't know what argument
they would use to make it not fraud if
you take 50 million or whatever it was
uh from somebody with a given set of a
assumptions and that that are agreed and
the most important one the most
important one is to stay nonprofit and
then you violate that how could you
possibly win that case in court now
obviously the judge is smarter than I am
so the judge thinks it's a it's a coin
to us but doesn't look like one to me to
me it doesn't look like a coin to us but
we'll be we'll find out what
happen anyway this was reported by Julia
Bishop Piro in the
hill so there's a this is cool John's
Hopkins university has developed a
bionic hand that knows what it's
touching so just by touching it can tell
what it has in his hand now that's a big
deal um now of course I have an obvious
question is if the robot hand knows what
it's
touching can it also make EYC cont
attacked at the same
time
and can I get two of them well never
mind um but I think they found the first
killer application if you know what I
mean let's just say if this thing really
is that good with its hands a lot of
single guys are going to get a domestic
robot to help with the dishes and to
fold their laundry
you know what I love about this
story the thing I love about this story
is that 100% of men listening to it were
instantly you instantly got to the joke
before I finished the
sentence and the women are like wait
what all
right uh Trump is expected to uh sign an
executive order to eliminate the
Department of Education post Millennials
reporting on this um so you think it's
finally going to happen how many years
have I been alive listening to the oh
Republicans are going to get rid of the
Department of Education and then nothing
happens this looks like it's going to
happen I I think this is actually going
to happen might happen really quickly
um now Democrats of course who don't
understand how anything Works will say
well let's see end of Education I guess
nobody's going to get an education now
especially the brown people so looks
like it's racist too and did I mention
it's a little bit of sexist and we don't
even know how so that's coming but I'm
pretty sure this is nothing but
reorganizing how we how we do things and
putting control in the states so I don't
know how much money it will save because
I would think some of that budget ends
up at the states but we'll see
so Ian Carroll who some of you know as a
very
colorful and interesting uh internet
personality he's usually working on the
conspiracy theories and uh whe whether
they're true conspiracy theories or not
we don't know but he's kind of into the
interesting part of the news and he's
talked quite a bit about the Epstein
files and uh he thinks the Epstein files
are never coming out
um now a hybrid of that which I've said
is there will there will be lots of
files and they might come out but not
the good stuff uh I think that no matter
how many files we get to see we're just
not going to see the good stuff
and what Ian Carroll believes is that uh
the files would be so
deeply um destructive to
Israel that there's just no way we're
going to release them because we're too
tight with Israel Israel has too much of
a connection to the United States let's
say um you can say they they have too
much control over the government that's
that would be you know the other way to
look at it I'm just going to say we have
too tight a connection because you end
up in the same place that the only part
I can you know be sure of is that we
have a tight connection so if for
example Israel said uh whisper whisper
you know this would be the worst thing
in the world for Israel and therefore it
would destroy our
relationship we could not survive the
release of this I don't know if that's
going to happen by the way so um I'm not
on the side that thinks he was only
working for
Israel if you're epin and you're doing
what he's been accused of doing do you
think you're going to be um faithful to
one
master why
what would cause him to be faithful to
one master I can't think of a reason
because remember he's Unfaithful in
every other way he's you know he'd be
the ultimate liar con man sexual abuser
you know on a scale we've we've rarely
ever seen so do you think that if his
bosses were in Israel that he wouldn't
also do some work for the United States
maybe also some work for the UK you
don't think so uh I I think he would
sell it to whoever he could sell it to
and he would gain influence by doing a
favor for them so it might be he had
maybe a preferred
boss and you know if he if it turned out
that it was Israel nobody would be
surprised but I feel like you know
there's something closer to freelancing
happening no matter how he got started
so I feel like there was lots of reasons
not to to release the good stuff and
it's not just about
Israel well also we're being told the
JFK files are coming any minute there's
a website uh that's already up and so
that's where all the JFK files will be
put and we could look at them and find
out all the
nothing I expect to find out absolutely
nothing from the JFK files you don't
think that after what is it 50 years
what whatever hell is you don't think
that the good stuff's been removed or
scrubbed or was never there in the first
place don't you think that the only
things that are in the file are the
things that the bad guys wanted in the
file because the bad guys had complete
control the people who probably were
behind it seemed to have had complete
control over everything at that point
why would they why would they allow for
decades the the very proof that would
put them in jail why would they allow
that to even exist you know if they did
the warrant commission and that was fake
which most of us think was fake why
would they put real information in the
files anywhere it doesn't make any sense
so I'm going to say no real chance we'll
see anything new and useful about JFK
and or the Epstein files now there might
be plenty to talk about which would be
different so there might be like oh uh
there there there was was a alien
spaceship that landed at the same time
as the
assassination and then will'll be oh
maybe the aliens did it yeah yeah it's
the aliens that and we'll just go down
some stupid Rabbit Hole same you know
same with
Epstein there'll be like one name of
somebody who's already deceased and we
like really he he was friends with that
serial killer who's deceased maybe the
serial killer is part of the story and
we'll just go down some stupid rabbit
hole so so there might be something that
grabs our attention but I don't think
it's going to clear anything
up uh
meanwhile this is funny uh do you
remember when the uh president Trump was
reading off all the wastes of money uh
when he did his speech to Congress and
there was all these weird things um and
one of the one of the items was that
that the US was spending $8 million for
making mice transgender
so when CNN um did their fact checking
they fact checked that as
fake fake that we were spending actually
$8 million to make mice
transgender but then they had to they
had to they had to take it off their
fact check because apparently it's
[Laughter]
true now I love that uh their their
assumption about Trump is that he
exaggerates everything so you know you
could call it exaggeration or hyperbole
they might call it lying so when they
say something like this it just fits
their pattern of oh he's he's
exaggerating there there's no way
there's no way
literally literally that they spend a
billion dollar or had an $8 million
budget for turning mice trans but but
apparently they
did so they had to change their their
website uh Libs of do was calling that
out uh RFK junor was on Fox news lately
and uh I I just like this statement
because there's so much so much
controversy and question about RFK Jr
and whether he's going to use science or
ignore the science and I think he does a
good job of saying what he exactly what
he plans to do and he said quote we're
going to be honest with the American
people for the first time in history
okay that's a hell a good start and he
says about all of the tests and all the
studies wait are you suggesting RFK Jr
that the government has not been honest
about all the tests and all the studies
yes we know that to be true they have
not been honest about
it have you had a conversation with a
normie about vaccination
testing it's a wild ride so they'll say
something oh I don't like RFK Jr because
he's against vaccinations and
vaccinations have been tested and
studied for you know decades so that we
know they're safe and I'll say something
like no they weren't oh yeah they're
studied for decades we follow them so we
we even not only do we know the
short-term effects uh but we know the
long-term effects because of all the
studies that go on for decades after
they're released and I say there are no
studies after they're released no no no
it's not like it's not like the Co ones
where they just you know did a little
bit of studying at first but then they
just released it and then they didn't
know what was happening in the long term
and I say that's all of them none of
them are studied for the long
term and normies will just flip out tell
you you're wrong change the subject run
away never talk to you
again anyway so uh and he and then he
goes on uh he says and that's going to
anger some people who want an
ideological approach to Public Health
that is correct the Democrats are on the
automatic against anything Mega or
Maha and so the Democrats are once again
going to
be it just gets funnier every time it
happens once again Democrats are going
to be forced into this box where they're
against testing drugs to see if they're
safe which is
precisely the thing they thought was
happening and their entire their entire
worldview is based on the thought that
science has already you know deeply
tested all these things once they learn
that the only person who's in favor of
deeply testing them and testing them
right and testing them over the long
term is RFK J Jr he he's the only one
who Embraces their actual philosophy
they don't know that their philosophy
has never been used
big Pharma just doesn't use the Let's
test it forever and make sure it's safe
and test it in combination with these
things and study study what happens if
you take bunch of shots versus you just
get one if you're a baby nope nope
that's not happening but people think it
is according to unusual whales on X uh
there the us is going to point some kind
of affordability zar
and created an affordability
Council now what exactly are they going
to
do because if the free market can't make
stuff
affordable what would an affordability
Zar
do that would help now I heard the other
day something I'd never heard before so
give me a fact check on this I haven't
looked at anything but the comments on
it somebody said that we get um a lot of
our eggs from Turkey now I don't mean
turkeys are laying eggs which would be
funny um I mean they do what I mean is
that the country of Turkey is apparently
a big egg producer Is that real and that
we've already you know increased our
number of eggs that we're asking you
know some gigantic amount to make up for
the
shorall is that true um I'd love to know
more about
that um so maybe
maybe and affordability are it could do
stuff like um well we're we don't
usually get our eggs from I don't know
Canada or something but you know but now
we will so there might be some
regulations that need to be
loosened something like
that yeah dressing not
eggs I yeah I've never heard we get our
eggs from Turkey so I'm not 100% sure
it's true
and then somebody clarified for me
something that I had gotten completely
wrong so this is a this is me doing a
fact check on my prior
reporting um I looked up how long it
takes a new a baby chicken to grow up
and create its own
eggs and it looked like it wasn't very
long it looked like it was basically a
few months and the and your your hand
can make chickens or I'm sorry or your
chicken can make eggs so I thought well
why would we ever have to wait more than
two months because obviously the high
price of eggs would mean that you know
as long as we're not afraid of the bird
flu um let's see perplexity says yes
eggs are being imported from Turkey to
the
US set to export 420 million eggs I'm
I'm surprised that eggs can last that
long doesn't that surprise you you know
cu the shipping is not going to short
from Turkey I don't think they fly them
in so I'm a little surprised about that
but apparently somebody somebody uh said
that I was wrong about it only taking a
few months for a baby chicken to grow up
into a h that can make more eggs um
because I guess it takes longer than
that so maybe they can start laying eggs
in a few months but maybe they're not
productive meaning that they can't
produce much or it's not the right kind
of egg or it's not you know it's not
what you would want it to buy at the
grocery store so I think it just takes
longer so the US should be back in eggs
you know just in the
normal um the normal free market way but
it might take over a year could be
closer to two years so um the free
market will clearly clearly adjust to
the fact that eggs cost a lot and
there's a shortage so let's make more
chickens it's just going to take a
little
while um anyway so if you had the right
affordability are maybe you could make a
difference I just don't know exactly
what kind of things they would do
meanwhile oil prices have gone down to a
threeyear low according to Financial
Times Tom Wilson is reporting and
uh so the Brent Brent the type of oil
has dropped below $70 a
barrel uh because of a larger than
expected increase in US crude
stocks
so um are we already going to see a big
difference in oil prices which would
then work through the entire economy
fairly
quickly um I don't know and then my
question is OPEC had just announced was
going to do a major increase in
production is OPEC still going to do a
major increase at the same time prices
reach to threee
low or is that still high enough where
they think yeah still worth doing a
little extra
production so oil oil prices are just so
hard to predict you know there's there's
politics in there and there's free
market in there and there's physical
constraints in there there's a lot going
on
so but the I I would say you know as
Trump often
says the uh you know oil is like the the
liquid
gold he quotes The Beverly Hillbillies
Liquid Gold anyway um it could be that
if the only thing you did is get all
kinds of oil going in all kinds of ways
from OPEC doing more because we twisted
their arm Maybe behind the scenes um and
the US doing more because the you know
the constraints have been lifted by the
by the Republican Administration if the
only things you did were those
things you should see should see prices
coming down within a year you know one
of the things that
Trump uh has done but I think he could
do better in his speech he did say you
know there would be uh in his own words
he said there would be tempor
pain but you have to get through it to
get to the good stuff
and um I think maybe he needs to
reinforce that maybe just a little bit
stronger than that now it's really hard
for somebody like Trump who's Optimist
Optimist Optimist to tell you that
you're going to have to suffer for a
little while so he might have the right
Instinct by downplaying that as much as
possible cuz it's going to happen
whether people feel bad about it or not
it's just going to happen so um but I
feel it would be a little more
transparent if he said yeah the only way
we're going to get prices down is to do
some things that are going to be pretty
hard to take in the short
run um and if he could offer anything
that would give people relief in the
short run on food prices or anything
else you know that' be great
so maybe if you had some way to make the
short run a little bit easier to
survive then people would understand
that waiting for the long run which
might only be a year or two um is worth
doing uh meanwhile the Pentagon says
it's going to use AI to speed up their
military decision-making we've heard
that before the the hill is reporting on
this today
and of course that seems
necessary like I don't think you can get
around it and I believe humans will
still be making the real decisions but
instead of a human looking for a Target
you know a target's going to pop up and
the AI is going to say this is probably
something you should shoot and then the
human gets to decide yeah that does look
like something I ought to
shoot so if we don't do it the enemies
will do it so has to be done there's
definitely a risk to it of course um so
Trump has announced that uh We've
captured the Isis terrorist guy who who
did the abig gate uh attack that was as
we're leaving Afghanistan the terrible
attack at the at the base there um and
that that terrorist is on well I
wouldn't call him terrorist just say
Isis um that he's on his way back to the
United States but excia agent Sarah
Adams who made a lot of uh
got a lot of publicity being on Shan
Ryan Show um she knows she worked when
as an ex CIA person she worked
apparently enough in that domain that
she
knows uh that it's the wrong
guy so apparently we're bringing the
wrong guy in and pretending that we
think he is The Mastermind of that big
killing and she says Nope here's the
list of it really was and so she's got
the goods she's giving you the names of
the people that it really was and she's
excia and she seemed to have worked in
that domain so she's not
guessing
so he might have been there they think
but he wasn't The
Mastermind so we'll see so far I don't
have any reason to think that Sarah
Adams would be lying about that sounds
like something she knows about so we'll
see I I always wondered how we really
know how anybody did
anything so maybe this is one of maybe
that's the answer to my
question all right um so according to
uh uh there's a
survey uh showing that more Americans
think that President Trump is changed in
the US economy for the worse for the
worse not the better uh by as slight
majority now
uh what survey was this well it was a
survey by NPR and
PBS and and Marist
polling so do you trust do you trust
something that comes up with a negative
view of trump if it comes from NPR and
PBS if you're paying attention at all
you know that those are two entities
that are you know seriously anti-trump
all time and that Trump is criticized
mercilessly you couldn't even come up
with any source that would be less
trustable or less credible on this or
any other topic
really but here are some other things if
you ask the general public is is Trump
doing things that are good for the
economy how what what does the general
public know about
economics they kind of know what their
prices are today so that's really a
different question from is he doing
things that are good for the economy
because that would include it's going to
make things worse for a little while but
you have to do it to get to the better
place that would be way way way better
now how much of the public understands
that that the normal way of things is
there's going to be cost UPF front to
get any benefits later very few how many
people understand tariffs
I
don't so if you ask me or you know is he
doing a good job with those tariffs I
would take the uh Dana Pino view which
is well let's wait and see because it's
just unfathomable we don't know how much
is going to be just a quick negotiation
we don't know how much is going to be
permanent we don't know how many
companies will respond by moving
production here or how long it would
take so many variables so many unknowns
how in the world can the
public know if the economy and the and
the decisions made about it are heading
in the right direction even the experts
don't know
that I mean they have opinions but how
bet you could get a 100 economists to
look at what's happening right now from
the Trump Administration and they would
just line up by I think they would line
up almost entirely
by whether they're Democrats or
Republicans so what do you think the
Public's doing probably lining up almost
exactly by the party that they
support so uh John fedman continues to
try to be that uh voice of common sense
you know the only person in the Democrat
side who makes
sense he was talking about how the
Democrats did their their little uh pink
outfits and their paddles with their
little signs on it and and all the
acting out during the uh president's
address to Congress and here's what he
posted on X he he called the Democrats
and their behavior a sad calvacade of
self- owns and unhinged petulant he's
talking about his own side uh it only
makes Trump look more presidential and
restrained yep um we're becoming the
metaphorical car alarms that nobody pays
attention to and it may not be the
winning message
now uh fedman also agreed with Trump on
um getting
tough against hos because the hostages
have not been released so it looks like
um oh and also uh jumping ahead a little
bit um Governor Nome who's got his
little podcast he's also moving to the
middle it seems he had Charlie Kirk on
his show okay that's unusual his a
little podcast and uh apparently uh
Newsome is opposed I don't know if he
always was but at the moment he says
he's opposed to biological Men playing
in women's sports so you can see the the
people who want to angle for some kind
of presidential run um we assume that
they're doing that we don't know for
sure but it looks like they just they
just have to find something like common
sense
and and if they're not willing to do the
easy
stuff and the trans issue with sports is
that's that's an easy one that's the
public is very well decided which way
they're going on that so I don't take
too seriously the people who are doing
the oh I'm right in the middle I'm a
common sense guy too so I'm not buying
it as genuine but there's no doubt they
have to do
it but when I listen to Federman you
know mocking his own side for being like
a car alarm that nobody listens to and
unhinged and petulant um I compare it to
the uh the James Carville plan where he
finally just gave up and said yeah yeah
the smartest thing we could do this
that's my Carville impression smartest
thing we could do is just do nothing do
nothing just wait for Trump to implode
that's all you have to do just wait for
wait for it to implode so do nothing
don't do anything and I'm thinking to
myself the the don't do anything idea
sounds like the dumbest thing in the
world until you see what the Democrats
do when they do something every time
they do something it's so lame it's so
ridiculous that even their own team is
calling it unhinged and petulant and
makes you look
ridiculous that's their own team
so yeah Carville you it look I I think I
mocked Carville at first for saying that
their best strategy is to do nothing but
when you compare it to what they
actually do when they do something when
they do something it's always worse so
yeah James Carville might be the
smartest person on the team just do
nothing now would that be enough for uh
Trump to implode well implode might be
too strong a word but do you think
there's any chance that any president
could go four years this
aggressively without something coming
off the rails just in the normal course
of things it might not be you know some
existential threat but it could be that
something woh you know uh trade with
China really went South in a bad way and
we're running out of toilet paper you
could you could imagine that happening
right like I don't know what it would be
it wouldn't necessarily be tariff
related but you could imagine uh things
getting even worse in Ukraine or or
Russia getting um a little more
adventurous than they would have been
otherwise or something
so just waiting for things to start
looking bad in their normal course of a
normal
presidency it's not the worst idea in
the world for a strategy because they
really have nobody who can do
anything that works
if if you don't have a single competent
person on your team yeah waiting until
the other one makes mistakes and then
criticizing it it's your best
play meanwhile the uh Ayan Presley gets
into this back and forth with James comr
at a hearing and of course she tried to
do the thing where she's just talking
over and using up the time that she
wasn't allowed and acting bad and uh of
course she was again dressed as her
super villain self which I which I love
um but she she gets into and she's
saying data from Texas shows that
us-born Americans commit more I won't
use the words but you know sex crimes
and murder than immigrants and comr
finally had enough of her because it
wasn't her time and she wasn't supposed
to be speaking I guess and comr goes
this trend of you all trying to get
thrown on a committee so you can get on
MSNBC is going to end we're not going to
put up with it I like how he framed it
that you're all trying to get thrown out
so you can end up on MSNBC to tell your
a story about how you got thrown out it
does look like that's all it is you know
pure theater so of all the theater
kids because if you haven't noticed by
now the the Republicans seem to do
policies which they actually believe and
have always believed such as getting rid
of the uh Department of
Education they've always believed that
so if they go ahead and do that that's
just Republicans being Republicans and
authentic uh but the
Democrats are almost entirely driven by
these theater kids who do dress up and
then they do an act and they bring their
act to you know to whatever event oh
we're going to pretend that were the
unhappiest people in the world look at
my face oh look at my sad face I've got
a sad did anybody notice my sad face oh
you need arguments and data well I don't
have any arguments and data but look at
my sad face I'm so disappointed in you
oh so
disappointed um but the best one is
Ayanna
Presley because I like that she goes the
extra mile to to match her wardrobe and
style to her her evil super villain
Persona and a lot of the uh the other uh
theater kids just think they can just
sort of you know Mumble through it like
Adam shiff oh Adam shiff oh everything
everything that happens is bad if Trump
does it and he does his theader kid
thing but he just wears a regular suit
and I'm thinking well you could learn a
little bit about how to do wardrobe and
hair and by the way I love I actually
love uh Ayan Presley's whole vibe and
look I think she does a great job of it
like legitimately she's just really good
at it the fashion thing but the fashion
she
chose just looks like a super villain
and then she acts like one and I think
well that's perfect you're committed I
like the fact you're committed to the
role but none of it looks real it
doesn't look like she's even slightly
committed to her own opinions it looks
like she got the script and she's like
uh and in scene one uh I will be talking
over people until I get kicked out and
in scene two I will appear on Rachel M
show it just looks like
acting um Chris guomo is mocking
Democrats in Congress saying that they
picked another Hill to die on there's a
New York poll just came out 67% of
Democrats say biological men shouldn't
play in women's sport 67% of
Democrats are against biological men and
women's sports and still the
leadership wants those biological men
and women sports wants a bad and so
Chris Cuomo is on the uh the side of
reason it's like okay this is just crazy
 now I I should tell you full uh
full disclosure uh I'm very Pro Chris
Cuomo now
if you don't know why when I got
cancelled he was the only person in the
in the big media world who said why
don't you come on my show because I'm
actually curious genuinely curious about
what you had to say and what's behind it
and he asked some tough
questions which I expected it's part of
the process it's no problem uh but he
let me talk he didn't cut me off he
didn't insult me he gave me a full
complete U vehicle to say what I wanted
and W did I appreciate it because you
know I was I was in a pretty deep hole
at the at that time so for anybody to be
willing to you know reach into the deep
hole and give me a genuine Fair airing
of things with with some push back that
was completely
appropriate um I I'll just always
appreciate that so now you might say
cynically oh it was good for for Ratings
I don't know maybe it was maybe it
wasn't but uh I appreciated
it Tim wals uh allegedly has been uh
advising Canada how to
avoid uh and circumvent Trump's uh
tariffs can Democrats be any
Dumber what could be less
useful than trying to thwart the the
your very government like even if you
don't like the idea it it's just not a
good look to side with the other country
just not a good look and I I think Tim
is uh one of the
silliest and most ridiculous of the
Democrats so he will not be your next
president meanwhile James O'Keefe and
his OMG group got another uh undercover
win so with undercover cameras they were
talking to a state Forum
VP who uh admits that uh he's trying to
exclude white people from
employment um and he says I'm being
biased away from my own kind because he
was a he was a white
guy and he says he wants a 2040 work
Workforce to be more Hispanic and Latino
know now of course we all
understand that you know he's trying to
meet those diversity goals and uh as I
often say I like diversity it's just
that when you force it you get a worse
result than if you didn't so if if
diversity happens because we do a great
job of educating everybody and then and
then the workforce looks just like the
public well that would be a heck of a
good thing that would be great but if
you force it you end up with you know
taking identity over uh over capability
and there's no way around that if you're
if you're
really focus on that goal of hitting
those targets so you're you're always
going to go deeper into the unqualified
than you wanted to and you won't admit
it while you're doing it but you'll know
when you do it it's just built into the
system so what do you think of that
state f as a white guy in Power who's
making sure that other white guys can't
get the job he
has I'm going to say again um I have
been grossly discriminated against in my
two corporate careers and later in my TV
career for being a white
guy but all of that discrimination as
far as I know came from old white guys
who had already reached their position
and in order to stay in their positions
they had to pretend that they were so
into diversity that they would
discriminate against their own kind
that's what this state F is doing
so let me just say this guy's a piece of
 like I I get that he's got these
noble goals oh I have some noble goals
and they're not even I'm not saying
they're not Noble I'm saying that in
order to reach them you have to
discriminate against people like me he
says he knows he's doing it you
just you
completely and and your company has some
explaining to do if he's still employed
you have a lot of explaining to do if
he's still
employed and if you had a choice of
using their insurance or somebody else's
well that'd be an easy choice for me I
wouldn't even consider them unless it
was my last Choice might be might be my
last
Choice well
so I guess Trump is going to delay some
of the uh uh Mexico tariffs and Canada
tariffs uh and he's waiting for the
largest automakers to make adjustments
before they kick in how does any of that
make sense what exactly are large
automaker is going to do in one month
that makes any difference you can't do
anything in a month so I mean maybe you
could announce something you know you
could announce something maybe but you
couldn't do anything in a month so
everything about the
tariffs I'm going to put it in the
category of uh it could be a good
idea but it might not be but how do I
tell you know I I mean as I tell you way
too often I have a degree in economics
and I've got an MBA from a top business
school
Berkeley and I don't
understand where the tariffs are going
to take us but I do trust Trump on this
who said this was it Greg geld who put
it this way um and and I agreed with it
Trump's
instincts have been unbelievably good if
you were to look at all the things he
called just years in advance you know
years in advance everything from
immigration to you name it um he's been
spot on about things that often I didn't
fully
understand this might be one of those
situations and the thing that you can
never be sure of is how much of it is
exactly you know what he says it is
which is a revenue raising thing and uh
blah blah blah and how much of it is
just pure
negotiation and it probably will shake a
bunch of people into doing things they
weren't going to do before
and a lot of it could be good for
us I feel like trusting him is something
he earned and I think again I'm quoting
geld here um it seems to me that the
things he's done are so
unambiguously designed for the good of
America and that when I didn't
understand
it sometimes it's just because I didn't
understand it so again I'll quote Dana
Pino uh I think we need to just wait and
see I don't know how long but if anybody
ever earned the right to try something
that's outside the box Trump earned it
so it's really easy for me to say you
know what I'm just going to back up on
this one because he he I think he just
knows more than I do about this
topic and he does have very smart very
high-end economic people with him I
think that that we've also seen that his
advisers have been incredibly good since
the campaign um first term not as good
but the second term oh my goodness does
he have smart people working for him um
you know he's got I don't have to name
him but you could come up with it would
take you no time at all to Name six
people who are key advisers who aren't
just ordinary but freaking
brilliant right now if he's surrounded
by that many people who are just just
flamingly
unusually spectacularly brilliant and
they have a long track record of being
that way and they're on
board because I don't think you could be
you know Pro
tariff and be that close to the
president or you you couldn't be anti-
tariff and be that close to the
president without I think we would pick
up on it or or I think he would take
their advice so he must have at least
convinced his closest smartest people to
be on board now I haven't heard Elon
Musk talk about the tariffs a
ton which makes me a little bit nervous
because he weighs in on everything I I
think he he must have said you know
something good about them at one point
because I'm sure he's been asked but
he's not really hitting that
he's not he's not banging that drum hard
yeah it's it's a little bit of a he may
be in a wait and seee mode as well and
he might also realize that if you judged
it only from an economic perspective you
might be missing the bigger story that
it's a little bit of like a game of
chicken where if Trump can convince the
other countries that we're going to go
to the wall and nothing's going to stop
us suddenly they should get really
flexible
now what what Trump has right is we seem
to be in a position where generally
speaking we would be less harmed by
tariffs than the people were tariffing
so certainly true with Mexico certainly
true with Canada um it's more of a jump
ball with China but China doesn't want
tariffs they certainly don't want them
so um I I think his instincts
are going to prove out to be right and I
think you're going to see already
flexibility because of it you know I
think more companies will announce that
they're going to bring their production
to the US because of it you know when
when Biden said oh we're going to onour
more
companies what exactly was he
offering well Trump created an asset
with tariffs and the asset is if you
keep producing in these other countries
you're welcome to do it but it's not
going to be economical anymore so if you
tell the other countries it will never
be economical again to produce in
another country well then they're going
to roll up their Factory as fast as they
can even if it's expensive and they're
going to move it to the US so in theory
he's created a
framework that should do the most
important thing that needs to be done
which is bring our stuff
here who was
it was it uh bology reason I think who
was talking about the fastest way you
could have a robust manufacturing base
in the US would be to just say that the
area around Starbase where Elon already
has his manufacturing some of it um just
say that that uh it's going to be sort
of a no regulation
Zone and um I think the suggestion was
that Elon Musk would be part of the uh
asset allocation stuff I'm not sure
about that part but I like the part
about having a
zone that is relatively free of
regulations um the only thing I don't
like about it is if you put too much
Manufacturing in one smallish area that
uh you know one good natural
disaster is much worse
so ideally it would be some kind of lack
of regulations that could be applied to
wherever it makes sense to put the
factory because sometimes you need to
put it by energy sometimes you need to
put it you know closer to the city to
ship you know closer to a Waterway to
ship something like
that so I think it would be better
rather than to have a special economic
zone might be better to just say if
you're bringing in your company to the
United States you're going to you're
going to come into a very regulation
friendly
[Music]
environment um so however that
works um China's uh spokesperson at
least somebody who says they're a
Chinese spokesperson on X um was talking
about fentel they're not too happy about
that and said the US not anyone else is
responsible for the fentel crisis inside
the US and the spirit of humanity and
Goodwill toward the American people we
have we have taken Rob steps to assist
the US in dealing with the
issue instead of recognizing our efforts
the US has sought to smear and shift
blame to China and is seeking to
pressure and blackmail China with terf
Fikes they've been punishing us for
helping them this is not going to solve
the US's problem and will undermind our
Counter Narcotics dialogue and
cooperation so do you see what they did
there there a clever little trick where
they try to say that whoever is
responsible is who should solve
it that's not
logical let me give you an
example if you have a risk of burglars
in your neighborhood and you get burgled
whose responsibility is it well the
burglar or or legal system says no if
you're the burglar you're responsible
not the homeowner
but who can stop the
burglar only the
homeowner if the homeowner needs bars in
the window do it if they need weapons do
it if they need a dog do it if they need
to make sure their doors are locked and
secure do it you can make your home less
burglar even though getting burgled is
not your responsibility it's the
responsibility of the burglar so when
China says it's the responsibility of
basically the addicts that's true it's
also not the right argument the argument
is who can stop
it and my understanding is that when
they say they're helping it's it's kind
of fake because I think they also know
exactly the names of the people who are
the big fenel dealers and I'm pretty
sure they're still walking around still
alive so it seems to me that China is
probably just pretending that they care
and I think that um Trump is done with
that so I think what he's doing is
saying look you can complain about whose
responsibility is all day long but you
got a tariff but but it's your
responsibility yep yep great you got a
tariff but but but we're doing all we
can well maybe it's not enough you got a
tariff I like it so there's a case where
I'm all in on the Tariff because I do
not believe China is genuinely trying to
solve the fenel problem and I'd like to
see the
US describe that better than I did so
I'd love to see somebody from the
administration say here's what they're
not
doing and then I think you'd see a list
of things that you know they could do
that they're not doing so telling us
what they are doing is just
propaganda because it does tell us what
they could be doing that would make the
big difference that they're not doing so
only we could say that so I don't
believe China One bit uh but don't ever
fall for the um don't ever fall for the
it's your
responsibility it might
be but if you're not the one who can
solve the problem there somebody else
somebody else is going to get squeezed
and right now it's them
and then here's the Mexican president
with their propaganda on
fenel um so the president shine bomb
shine bomb yeah said the US Customs and
Border Protection data shows that 80% of
those arrested for fentel traffi
trafficking at us ports of Entry were US
citizens oh so I guess the implication
here is that US citizens are behind the
fanel
trade nice try Mexico
reject it here's what we plan to do or
Trump plans to do with those US citizens
who are bringing fenel across the border
kill them it's our current policy at
least preference it's not a policy yet
but it's a preference the preference is
that if a US citizen
brings uh big quantity of fenal across
the border we kill them now we do it
legally through the the death penalty
and through the courts but yes shine B
we plan to kill them now you got you
still got to do your thing cuz they
didn't they didn't produce it themselves
these Americans didn't own Sentinel labs
in Mexico if they did they would have
been killed they're presumably working
with the cartels I
assume but again nice try trying to
change the topic you know as long as
we're willing to kill every one of those
people who brought and I'm in favor of
that by the way um then I said as long
as it goes to the courts and you know
it's a legal process um well no I'm
going to take it
back my preference would be summary
execution on
site meaning that if they pull somebody
over whether they're American or not and
they find a barrel of fentanyl
pills they should say get on your knees
and we should put a bullet in their head
and no matter who's
watching and I'm very serious about that
cuz if somebody's got you know a barrel
of fenel in their
car I don't want to hear that they
didn't know it was
there like if you can't prevent a barrel
of fentanyl from being in your car and
you know maybe maybe you do a little bit
of work to find out it's not you know an
American Family on vacation that got
somehow I don't know blackmailed or
something so there may be a little bit
of question asking but if it's somebody
you already have a maybe they've been on
your radar and you suspected them and
then you pulled them over at the border
and they got a trunk full of
fentanyl I say bullet in the
head to me that's a that's a terrorist
that you call in the ACT it's a
terrorist terrorist you call in the ACT
summary execution I've never said that
about anybody
owns but I think I think we have to say
it's bullet in the head there's no court
we don't need it we're just we're just
 killing you that's my preference
especially the Americans i' do the
Americans
first
um according to uh Maria noal is talking
about the new survey that came out that
America is choosing Netflix and chill
over marriage there's a whole bunch of
statistics about how people are not
getting married like they used to and
don't want to have kids like they used
to and um researchers say there's a
connection conundrum there's more Tech
and less actual connections and blah
blah blah and this is uh I guess on Fox
and The Source Heritage
Foundation and you know I'm trying to
like understand in
the in the most simple way I'm trying to
understand why it is that everything
changed
and I think the problem is so many
things changed so let me just run
through the problems with having kids
these
days um careers and families don't mix
very well because if both the parents
are working
full-time uh and the kids are doing
homework full-time you barely see them
so all the things that used to be good
about you know family connections
doesn't really work if both of you are
working now I'm not now I'm not against
both people working I'm just going to
describe the problem what's the
difference um in today's world kids
absolutely hate being with adults and
the only thing they seem to care about
is spending time with their
friends if you've seen any modern child
they don't want to spend a freaking
minute with
you you after a certain age when they're
young they do but around 12 or
13 they're desperate to get away from
you so how satisfying is
that not
very um how about the uh the homework
the kids get these days so it's not
unusual that they come home and they
they they start doing homework and they
don't even like eat together so the
family doesn't even eat together you
don't even spend like one hour at least
at the same table like people will grab
some food and go back to their bedroom
and say they're doing homework and just
do homework until it's like 11:00 at
night maybe because they're not doing it
as quickly as they could so homework has
ruined home life it's just ruined it now
uh if you haven't experienced that it's
way different than it was when I was a
kid when do you know how much homework I
did as a kid
none none we got we were assigned
homework but we also had enough time to
during the day that I could do all of my
homework so if I had one study period
and you know an extra 15 minutes at
lunch um I could bang out all of my
homework I didn't even bring books home
I just never did homework I me I did all
the homework I just never did it at home
didn't need
to
um and then the the other problem is
that your spouse is your biggest
obstacle obstacle to success have you
ever noticed that if if you have a
spouse in the old days your spouse was
the thing that was your biggest
contributor to your success so and I'm
not I'm not saying we should go back to
those days but if the if the woman was
the you know the house that kept up the
house and you made sure you had some
social connections and dinner was on the
table and the kids were all there and
they were all dressed and happy to see
you
uh then the family and the wife was
supporting the the husband and the
husband could really lean into work and
make money and support the the family
and so it was
designed so that sides were helping each
other but suppose you have two
high-powered successful well-educated
uh assertive people married to each
other almost everything that one does
becomes a drag on the other one
um I need to work late so you need to
pick up the kids but I also need to work
late so it it becomes basically a
competition not because anybody's a bad
person it's just the system two two
high-powered people are going to be
trying to maximize their careers and
find out they can't do it and that the
biggest problem is the other
person the very opposite of what it used
to be
um then there's the divorce is too easy
especially when both are working if you
have two
incomes and you know either one of you
could live on your own if you had to
kind of makes divorce a little bit too
attractive so in the old
days it was just terrible to be divorced
and so people didn't do it it just
wasn't wasn't an option that would work
for
anybody um today you rarely see your
kids after their age of
13 and I don't know how how uh how
satisfying is that I remember talking to
a friend of mine and saying when his kid
was going off to college I said yeah you
what's it going to be like to have an
empty house and he laughed and said it's
been an empty house since the kid was 13
because we just never see him like he he
comes home from school grabs a snack and
then leaves to go with his friends and
then shows up at bedtime
it's been an empty house for years so
why would you have that kid like where's
where's the part where everybody's so
happy in their family situation it's
completely different um I don't think
families eat dinner together hardly ever
because everybody's got six different
things they have to do after work or
after
school uh now there of course there
exceptions but it used to be that pretty
much everybody ate dinner together you
know in my family it was we had a we had
a dinner time it was
5:00 sometimes 5:30 but we were always
told what the time was and it was not
optional it was not optional you were
going to be there every one of you and
you were going to be there at
5:00 and you were going to eat whatever
was cooked for you
and it was probably the single most
family bonding thing that you could do
but I don't see much of that lately uh
of course people can't afford to get a
home with a nice yard so that makes
everything worse through too many
internet Temptations that's worse um I
think if you add women to the workplace
you know what the biggest problem well I
don't know if it's the biggest probably
the biggest problem of adding women to
the
workplace is
Affairs if if you go to work and you're
surrounded by a active people with the
same interest as you because they have
similar kind of careers how is that not
going to lead into massive Affairs and
the answer is it does it does exactly
that in the old days if you went to work
and it was a bunch of dudes because the
wives were doing something else you'd
have to take turns harassing the one
secretary I'm just joking that's a joke
you didn't take turns harassing the
secretary you just took a
number no no I'm joking you did not do
that and don't don't harass
anybody anyway and the more freedom the
more freedom that women have from the
old bounds of you know the old
patriarchy the more freedom that women
get the fewer babies they have it just
sort of there's no way around that so um
I'm not saying we should go back to the
50s so if that's what you're hearing I'm
not saying that I'm saying I have no
idea how to solve it because we're
definitely not going back to the '
50s and this definitely doesn't work but
it's not one thing it's just the whole
society from economics to expectations
to you women in the workplace which
again of course I'm in favor of um
there's not one part of this that works
for the long term because we need to
produce babies and we need to keep
families together none of this does it
so if you're looking for this Simple
Solution there is
none you know a lot of people say oh
let's just make tax
breaks so that you know you get a tax
break for having a
kid maybe that will work in
Hungary but there isn't a there's not a
chance it's going to work here because
of all these other things you can't
solve all of those other problems and
these are all really deep problems so
we'll
see uh meanwhile uh Putin has invited
Netanyahu from Israel to attend the
Victory Day parade in Moscow now I
didn't see if Netanyahu said yes but I'm
going to guess he probably will and what
I like about this is that Putin is
giving sort of a master class in
Persuasion at the same time that Trump
is and
Netanyahu I I would say easily the equal
in Persuasion one of the best persuaders
uh is
Netanyahu um Putin is so
smart to do this because on one hand
making friends with America's
friends that's definitely going to have
an effect on us right you know given
that there's a you know sizable and
important Jewish population in the
United States who has good feelings
about Israel if Netanyahu says you know
what I am going to go visit your Victory
Day parade and if he gets along with
Putin and there's nice pictures it's
just going to be one more reason way
maybe we should be Putin's friend so
again if you're new to this I'm not
saying Putin's a good guy you you know
let let's allow that we know what who
Putin is we're not under any weird
beliefs that he turned into you know
Mother Teresa overnight but if you just
look at his game his persuasion game
befriending Israel in sort of a serious
way is not only good for him
economically good for him persuasion
wise good for him just good for him in
every way it's just such a smart move
that it's hard for me to ignore it he
just keeps getting the right move
and uh he's just good at
it
anyway so that's
happening um according to the BBC news
the US is pausing intelligence sharing
with Ukraine do you think that's real do
you think that we're going to pause
intelligence sharing with
Ukraine I feel like the first thing I
think is I'm not sure we could pull it
off if we tried because don't you think
that within our intelligence Community
there would be enough people who don't
want it to be paused that if anything
important came up they'd make sure it
got to the Ukraine because it's the int
Community you think they don't have any
way to get a message to Ukraine without
without our own government knowing they
did it of course they do they would just
have to want to that's all so first of
all I don't believe we have the
ability to pause any intelligence
sharing with Ukraine I I just don't
think we have that
ability but if we did um I I feel like
we'd make an exception if it were
anything
important so I think maybe it's just a
for show and
maybe maybe put a little more pressure
on Ukraine to uh to do what we want him
to do we'll see um Hamas has already
told Trump that there's no hostage
release within a ceasefire Trump is uh
really pissed and he's saying it's their
last warning and if they don't free the
remaining Israeli hostages um there's
going to be real hell to pay and Trump
said that is over for Hamas terrorists
who do not comply now that's sort of
just doubling down on what he's already
said which didn't make any difference
whatsoever so I would love to tell you
I've Got This brilliant
idea about what the US should do but
unfortunately the only thing you could
do is just bomb the whole place and kill
the hostages and the Hamas Fighters at
the same time now I'm going to give you
the
darkest view of strategy this is dark
and I definitely would not want this to
happen if I were a family member of any
hostage I wouldn't want this to happen
at
all we might have to just say we're done
with the whole hostage situation and
just and then Israel just takes care of
whatever they need to do because at some
point
the
hostages will be
so in such bad shape if they're alive at
all that they're not it's not like
they're going to leave and have a happy
life like this is permanent damage
physically emotionally mentally and at
some
point somebody might make the dark dark
decision and I'm not recommending it
because that that would be just
ethically and morally wrong but in terms
of
strategy at some point we're going to
say even the hostages maybe would prefer
a quick end because being held another
year or two
underground I'd rather be
dead so if you put me in that situation
I don't think I'd be praying for release
in a
year I think I'd be praying for can you
end this as quickly as possible so if
there were some way to do that um the
darkest military strategy is to
understand that
the the so-called
hostages are maybe beyond the point
where even they would want to be saved
now of course there will always be some
people who are going to prefer life
under every every situation and you know
maybe they have loved ones that they're
caring about more than themselves that
might matter but we're getting sort of
running out of options here so I'm not
going to give Israel any uh
recommendations I'll just note that
hamas's fuse is starting to run out
because they don't have infinite time to
keep saying if you wait a little bit
longer or you give us a
ceasefire I don't think it's going to
work
anymore I think we may we may have
reached the limit of what we can
productively do for the hostages and
that's the darkest thing I'll ever say
probably so again it's not a
recommendation because to recommend it
would be immoral and unethical and and
deeply
evil but it's also
war and there's also a common sense
element that
says are we going to help these hostages
by keeping them prisoners Underground
for what another year another two
years is that good for him is it good
for anybody I don't
know no good answers there's no clean
answers so
probably whoever is willing to be the
most evil might get the outcome they
want all right that's all I've got for
you
today just full of news today what time
is it yeah it's time to to be done I'm
going to say a few words privately to
the people on locals the rest of you
thanks for joining I will see you
tomorrow same time same
place locals be there
and
e
e
e for