but um pom pom pom pom pom pom pom pom
pom pom jo-ann you're always fast first
one hello everybody
come on in here it's time for a coffee
with Scott Adams I will be your host
Scott Adams and I will have coffee and I
think you should have some too or the
beverage of your choice I think it's
time raise your cup your mug your glass
your stein your chalice your thermos put
your favorite beverage in there I like
coffee and join me for for the
simultaneous simple oh yeah that's good
stuff so how many of you watched the
State of the Union last night you've
probably at least seen clips from it and
the most important question you have is
how did it go did he gain anything do
you lose anything
I will ramble about that in no
particular order number one presentation
I thought he was lacking energy at least
at the beginning of the state that you
do but he may have been trying to just
play it serious so it's possible that he
just dialed down his energy to you know
stop scaring people so I thought in
terms of presentation lacked a little
energy in terms of content I don't think
he made much news some of the things he
said are being fact checked etc one of
the things he said apparently went
off-script to say this is that he wanted
more immigrants not two fewer and people
said that can't be true because he's
done a bunch of things to limit legal
immigration as well but I'm not sure
that fact-checking
passes muster because it seems to me
that you have to get your your legal
system up and running in your merit
system and everything before you turn up
the volume so I think the fact checkers
were wrong on this and I saw an article
in reason reason comm that did not look
reasonable for the first time and the
idea was he's done a number of things to
restrict legal immigration so it's not
true that he wants more people coming in
legally well I would argue that we don't
have a merit leave we don't have a merit
system in place and correct me if I'm
wrong but the whole the whole Trump
philosophy is that if you have a merit
system bring as many as you want you
know there's no limit on volume or you
know at least it's not a low limit but
you would bring in lots of people if you
had a system to make sure you were
getting the people most productive now
they're one of the fact checkers said
that immigrants both legal and illegal
are good for the economy on net and this
seems to be like one of those climate
change situations without doing a deep
dive on the question of whether illegal
immigration is good or bad for the
country let me tell you how it would go
I would I would make a claim and
somebody would say here's my link that
shows you the immigration is bad for the
country the let's say the economy and
then somebody else would say that's a
bad study here's my link showing that
it's excellent for the economy and on
and on until eventually somebody would
say something that I couldn't check or
didn't understand or both so it's almost
impossible to even know the question you
know the answer is that a simple
question
does immigration help or hurt the
country now of course the most annoying
and stupidest thing that happens on the
question of immigration is that one side
talks in absolute numbers and the other
side talks and percentages and while
they're not even having the same
conversation they're accusing the other
one of being wrong well the very first
thing you need to do in order to accuse
the other side of being wrong is to be
on the same topic if one of you is
talking the number of people and another
is talking percentages and the context
here is the percentage of crime so
apparently there's a probably good data
probably good day to this as that the
immigrant community both legal and
illegal and I I think it's true if you
look at them individually but it's
always a little murky when they report
that data have a lower crime rate than
the rest of the country lower crime rate
than the rest of the country and that's
that's sort of the CNN MSNBC argument
that it must be racist to keep them out
for crime reasons because that doesn't
track with the data because they have a
lower crime rate than the rest of the
country now some people are saying
that's not true but let's say it is true
just to follow my point to its logical
conclusion my house is in a region of
the country where I have a very low
crime rate so I live in a in a
neighborhood with low crime rate should
I leave my doors unlocked because when I
get robbed which is guaranteed even in
my low crime rate area if I leave the
garage open somebody will steal from the
garage pretty much every time or at
least if you left you graduate door open
for six months in a row overnight the
odds are getting
are basically 100% even in my
neighborhood so should I leave my door
unlocked or even open when I go to sleep
because I live in a in the area that has
a lower crime rate than other places
does that make sense it does not because
when I manage security for my home I
only care if there is crime yes or no
the only thing I care about the only
thing I care about that I figured out
the trick for blocking the critics one
down I don't really care what the rate
is when I'm trying to not get killed I
only care that I could get killed
yes or no so on this count the critics
of the president are just not the they
don't seem like credible players because
they're avoiding his topic they're not
refuting it so if CNN and embassy an
embassy want to say the president is
wrong or to refute his points they
should not be talking about the crime
rate unless they also leave their doors
unlocked at night under the theory that
they live in low crime neighborhoods so
why would you protect yourself against a
lower than average risk of crime and the
answer is of course you would you would
always you would you would you would
always do that
all right so
let's say here here's some other
takeaways I was watching Van Van Jones
on CNN talking about how the way the
president talks about immigration is
racist and in part because he talks
about the the crime in the danger and
when you do that it leaves the
impression that it's racist and we've
kind of created that we've come full
circle in this weird kind of
interpretation of what's going on with
immigration and I feel like this is
what's happened I think the president
was saying aggressive things about
closing the border for last three years
and because the Democrats have talked
themselves into that being a racist
position they're sort of cornered
because they've been saying it's racist
to control the border and now when it
comes down to the nuts and bolts it's
harder for them to say well no we
disagree with the experts and so they've
got to kind of like border security but
at the same time they can't like the
president's solutions that include some
barriers so here here's where I think is
morphed I think their argument and they
don't quite you say it as specifically
as I'm going to but I believe this is
actually a a fair representation of the
argument I think the argument is that
they like border security now I'm
talking about the mainstream Democrats
they like border security but because of
the way the president has talked about
it the the way he is worded things it
has it has changed a border barrier into
a racist symbol so in other words they
might like a border barriers efficiency
they might like border security they
might agree that certain types of places
need certain types of barriers they
might agree on all of the details of the
engineering and the security you know
security concerns of the border but in
their minds
the president has transformed a wall
that would have been a good solution
before into a racist symbol and they
don't want the country to be presenting
racist symbols and they don't want to be
associated with it and they don't think
you should either
so here's the question the next question
would would Democrats believe that the
wall was a racist symbol except for the
persuasion of their own candidates and
the media doesn't it seem to you that
the media and the Democrats are what
turned a border security into a racist
object I don't believe there was any
time that the president said these walls
are totally racist give us more racist
walls I'm pretty sure there's nothing
the president said about the barrier
that turned it into a racist object a
hundred percent of that persuasion came
from his critics so it was the CNN the
MSNBC the Hillary Clinton's etc who
turned that into a racist symbol so
they're complaining now that they can't
build the thing they want because they
themselves or at least their side has
turned their own best solution into a
racist symbol am I wrong
I'll say that again faster the Democrats
are complaining that they can't build
any wall like things because they're
racist but there are also the ones that
made that happen there was no point at
which the president said give me a
racist wall that all came from their
side all right so there's that now of
course we've got the two movies on one
screen element to this which is I'm
seeing I'm seeing Trump supporters
saying my god it's the best speech he's
ever written he became president today
he nailed it he's sure going to get it
reelected and then you go and look at
the other side and they're saying of
course the direct opposite of that
somebody's saying yes you were wrong
thank you for the detail yes you were
wrong all right the funniest thing that
happened well there are a few funny
things one is that the the women who
came to the State of the Union wearing
the all-white they also had in one big
block or most of them dead and so they
were very visible and it was one of the
big stories of the night
president Trump managed to turn this big
group of women dressed in white who I
think it was kind of a protest was it
was the all-white celebrating the gains
of women or was it a protest I don't
know you haven't even know exactly what
it was supposed to be but I'll tell you
what it turned into
President Trump actually managed to use
them as a prop so he used them as a prop
and made them stand up and Cheer let me
adjust something here because too many
of you were commenting on it
many people have cleverly noted that
dressing in all white reminds them of
the KKK which reminds them that
Democrats were the party of the KKK a
million years ago I have no interest in
that argument I have zero interest in
conflating the Democrats with the KKK I
I don't want to be part of it I'm not
gonna laugh at it I'm not gonna I'm not
gonna not gonna retweet it and I don't
encourage you to do it yeah I know
you're having fun and you're you know
kind of giving back what's been given to
you and all that but I just don't care
what people you know 50 years ago we're
doing I don't care what dead people were
doing 50 years ago even if they were
called Democrats it's a complete waste
of your energy
it's a terrible attack it doesn't move
anything forward and it's not as funny
as they should be so that's my opinion
on that so you don't need to ask me
about that anymore let's talk about so
the president did not make any news
talking now any emergency declarations
but that's probably good because it's
you know it's not time to make that
decision yet so it would not have been
useful it would not have been useful
to make someone else minute about
emergency declaration now the
president's overall term seemed very
inclusive he did I thought he did a
great job on the african-american
outreach didn't you didn't seem like he
did a tremendous job on directly going
against the any charges of anti-semitism
which I think he's he's bulletproof on
that but even though they still attack
him he's kind of bulletproof on the
pro-israel stuff but I thought you did a
great job talking about second chances
and prison reform showcasing some of the
people who had turned their lives around
and I think that was the best message of
the night to me the best message of the
night was the Alice Jones and the
gentlemen I don't remember his name but
the first person released under the
first-act plan and what he emphasized
was that these people who had you know
made a serious effort to become
productive citizens and we're being
rewarded for it that's a tremendous
message I love the second second chance
I love the forgetting the past I love
the
rewarding people worked hard and tried
to make a difference so I thought that
was all a plus and when he called out
the success of women I thought he seemed
sincere and you know celebrated with
them that's success so in terms of how
he did on the racism charge and on the
anti women charge the stuff he usually
gets I think he did really well except
except and this is a big except I'm
gonna agree with Van Jones on one thing
he does leave himself open to criticism
when he talks about crime coming across
the border
now I'm sure on a persuasion level it
works so I don't have any doubt that
scaring people about crime works well
for his base but it has such a big
downside and the downside is it makes it
vulnerable to being interpreted as being
racist and it's his biggest problem so
if if I were advising him I would look
to modify his message about crime coming
across the border and either do one of
two things you you either just tone down
the way you talk about it or you go
directly at the criticism the direct
criticism is that the immigrants have a
lower the crime rate I would love to see
him embrace that I love him I you know
if I were advising him I would say you
need to say in public if that's true by
the way you know obviously has to be
true in order to say it but if it's true
the immigrant communities bring less
crime I think you should say that say
that directly and then make his argument
because his argument is that if you're
dead you don't care what the rate was
all right that's the argument he can
praise immigrants
and he can praise their low rate of
crime if it's true and I'm still I'm
gonna give you an argument why that
might not be true but I think he needs
to say you know I'm not here to protect
the percentage of you you know my job as
president is not to make sure that you
have a better rate of survival it's to
make sure you survive I'm not trying to
make sure that a lower percentage of
people got killed I'm trying to make
sure nobody gets killed so I think he
can win that but he has to go at it
directly or just stay in that field
because every time he walks on that
field I feel like he's playing for a tie
and playing for a tie it just doesn't
get you anywhere it gets you exactly
where we are he's playing for a tie it
doesn't feel like he's playing for the
win all right here's the argument here's
the argument for why it might not be
true that immigrants have a lower crime
rate I do believe that the people who
come in here for high-level jobs the
people who come in here legally and the
people who have college education if you
told me they have a lower level of crime
I would say that makes sense
of course because if you looked at any
college educated group of people they
would have lower crime rates so if
you're throwing in all of the highly
skilled people who come in here to work
in Silicon Valley and all that all the
other highly skilled people come in as
immigrants I would totally I could
easily imagine that they would have a
lower crime rate and I would like to
have more of them but if you're talking
specifically about the the illegal
immigrants now apparently there's
statistics that even that group as a
lower crime rate here's the problem with
believing that statistic don't most
crimes happen to your own in-group in
other words ya hear somebody's atome
it's less reported
because I correct me if I'm wrong but
most most most black people who are
victims of crime it comes from the
people that they live with which is
other black people it's probably true
that white people commit more crimes
against white people probably true that
Hispanics create more crimes against
Hispanics etc etc because you commit
crimes against the people who are nearby
and if you're part of an illegal
immigrant community you probably spend a
lot more time with people in the same
same boat now if you are an illegal
immigrant and you commit lacerum of
violence or let's say rape which is
violence against another member of an
immigrant community will the victim
report it and I would think not wouldn't
you so if our official statistics are
that illegal immigrants have lower crime
rates I just have to ask do they feel
comfortable reporting crimes because if
most crimes happen to your in-group
in other words you do the crime against
the people or nearby who are a lot like
you on in a lot of ways
I just don't know we'd know how could we
possibly know the crime rate so one
thing the president could say is point
that out you could say just because the
crime is committed against their own
their own population that doesn't mean
we can forgive it and I think you could
separate the legal immigrants and say we
want lots more of that because we do and
then say that the illegal immigrants are
reported as having low crime but ask
yourself if they would report a crime
just he doesn't even have to make it as
a statement you just have to look at the
camera and say ask yourself do illegal
immigrants report crimes against
themselves and your common sense if such
a thing exists
I question whether they come and send
success but let's just say that you
would immediately conclude that no of
course they don't of course they don't
report crimes at the same rate as
everybody else why would they would be
ridiculous
alright so I think the president has
that one area that you can improve a lot
but here's the interesting thing it's
probably his biggest weakness
not counting healthcare I feel as though
the argument about the president being
racist against African Americans is sort
of shrinking isn't it ask yourself this
when was the last time President Trump
was accused of being racist against
specifically specifically against
African Americans I think the answer is
well thirty years ago there was that
thing but I don't think as president
there's any charge that he's done
anything except being helpful and you
know that prison reform thing being a
good example so his the charge of his
quote racism seems to have been it's now
focused on illegal immigration and this
wall so he's managed to take this big
big problem hey he's a big bull racist
he's managed to sort of shrink it you
know it's like shrink shrink shrink
shrink shrink know people are not
completely people are not completely
talked out of it but I would say in
terms of a focus and shrinking and
shrinking it's focused on this border
stuff so if he if he makes a better
argument on the border stuff that sounds
practical he's got he's got a good shot
at re-election
yeah the charlottesville a hoax is still
prevalent for those of you don't know
the president said they were fine people
on both sides of the statue question
which the media turned into hey he just
said white supremacists are fine people
which he did not say
and so most of what the president is
being attacked for in terms of racism I
would say put a percentage on it but I
would say 60% of what people think about
the president's racial views are based
on the Charlottesville hoax which we
still see on CNN which is despicable
let let me say this directly CNN knows
CNN knows that the Charlottesville stuff
is fake news they know that
all right I guarantee it don't ask me
how I know but I'm not guessing they
know it's fake news and they let their
pundits say it without checking them now
I don't know how many of the hosts still
say it maybe Don Lemon I haven't I don't
know but I don't believe all of the
hosts Saints
all right yeah the Central Park five
thing was also a hoax if you if you dig
into the details you find out that the
president ran a full-page ad against
crime that was it it was a full-page ad
about crime and that people said he must
be talking about the Central Park five
which he probably was inspired by that
but he didn't even talk about him and
that turned into a lot more now he did
talk about him in interviews and stuff
and he thought they were guilty but
thinking people are guilty when the
police also think they're guilty it's
not exactly exactly the biggest crime in
the world yeah he didn't mention race in
the article that everybody's calling him
a racist there was nothing about it it
was about crying all right
do you know the Charlottesville hoax
happened before the vehicle attack
nothing that matters I mean I know why
you're saying that
but even regardless of the timing of it
it was obvious he was talking about the
statute debate and he wasn't siding with
white supremacist that's just batshit
crazy now interesting there's also the
story about the Trump properties hiring
illegal immigrants now I think that
story is probably fake news here's why I
think it's probably fake news I would be
very surprised if the Trump Organization
in in any part of the world in the
United States let's just talk about the
United States I'd be very surprised if
any Trump Organization hired illegal
immigrants without checking ID right so
if somebody has documentation and and it
looks good to you that's a little
different from saying you hired illegal
immigrants that's more like hiring
people the way everybody else in the
world hires people and some of them were
illegal immigrants so I think it's fake
news the way it's reported that that
would be my guess
yeah if somebody has fake ideas you
don't have a reason not to Eyre if they
are otherwise good now I saw article saw
an article yesterday and I wish I could
refer to where it came from but the the
essence of it was there's a prediction
that the population of the earth will
will plateau and start falling and when
it starts falling it will fall forever
and apparently there's some sciency
thinking behind it part of the thinking
is that as societies become wealthier
they tend to have a lower birth rate
I suppose that's part of it but there's
actually a thought that one of the
biggest problems in the
future is a lack of people that will run
out of people especially unfilled so
getting back to the immigration question
I think the president can make it a big
argument that the the future of
countries is how selective they are with
immigration it might it might be the
number one thing that a country needs to
do is become let me let me say this in
positive terms instead of negative terms
it might be that the greatest
competitive advantage any country will
have in the future is how well they
attract talent from other countries so
if you imagine that we will increasingly
be able to move from one country to
another at least physically so the
physically distance isn't so much of a
thing in the future you can usually
figure out how to get from one place to
another physically but because the the
pool of qualified that people might
begin to shrink in the next thirty years
there would just be fewer people in the
world fewer people being born people are
going to be scrambling to get the good
ones so if the president is successful
in setting up a good was a merit-based
immigration system and he's
simultaneously successful in you know
plugging the other holes and getting a
nice efficient you know merit-based
system that's when you turn up the
volume because I definitely agree with
the thought that if we're bringing in
you know more geniuses from India or
geniuses from Asia more geniuses from
Africa more geniuses from Europe if
we're bringing you more geniuses and at
least people who are super qualified
that's a pretty good thing for the
country there's you can't argue against
that
there's a question about Jesus I'm not
sure how that dovetails into what we're
talking about I've also thought we might
reach a future where the the pollution
is so bad in other places that if you
can go on vacation somewhere where
there's not pollution that would be a
big big draw you know I've thought about
going to China as a tourist and then I
see the pictures of China and I say to
myself why would I ever be a tourist in
China because the the atmosphere is you
know deadly I don't know if I can't walk
out with a face mask I'm sure not going
to go on any kind of a trip there now
here's another trend that's important if
robots start taking and taking all the
let's say manufacturing jobs and manual
labor jobs and a lot of other jobs so if
robots start taking human jobs what
types of jobs are humans least likely to
take my answer is jobs in the
hospitality field I'm on vacation right
now and so I'm running into employees at
the resort you know all the time and I
can't imagine that could be wrong about
this but I can't imagine a robot
replacement for all of the many people
who work in customer service because
it's the physical interaction it's the
smile that's the it's the knowing you've
been heard it's the that's the human
touch those are all the things that make
it work and robots will never be able to
do that right well I won't say never at
least robots for the next thirty years
probably can't do that so it seems to me
that the United States as the future
might want to do what I call the Costa
Rica strategy if you don't know about
Costa Rica and by the way have you
noticed that when we're talking about
all these immigrants who are coming up
from some
America have you noticed that you don't
hear Costa Rica
you don't hear Wow there sure are a lot
of Costa Ricans coming up through Mexico
and across the border it's because Costa
Rica if I'm well be I hope I'm
pronouncing it right as a coaster of
Costa Rica it has a really good economy
which is very well planned and here's
what they do right in Costa Rica they
built an economy around tourism and
maybe some height act I think but
tourism is the big thing now the beauty
of tourism is that it creates lots of
jobs for people who don't have a ton of
education so you go to Costa Rica and
you get these great resorts and this
great experience and you're this is this
is true your waiter your waiter in Costa
Rica went to college to be a waiter your
bartender in Costa Rica went to college
to be a bartender do you think the
service in Costa Rica is good it's
really good it's really good because
they take that stuff seriously they said
our economy is going to be tourism and
you can't even be a waiter here unless
you went to a waiter college think about
that think about how good their tourism
is when you can't even be a waiter
whether I'm going to college for it
right and you feel it when you're here
now they've rejected fossil fuels so
Costa Rica apparently does have at least
some some fossil fuels at least they
have resources but they've decided as a
country not to exploit them and that
they're it's a completely you know it's
the greenest country in Central America
I think so they don't have the military
because they rely on the United States
and they're in a good part down no
military they're very green they're not
they're not explained or oil even though
they could and they've turned tourism
into a first-class very successful
business
that's working very well when I was in
Costa Rica and this was several years
ago I would see these scary big trucks
of I believe they were Nicaraguans who
were being trucked in to Costa Rica
because Costa Rica didn't have enough
labor their economy was so good and they
had such good jobs that they couldn't
even get enough Costa Ricans to work the
fields so Costa Rican agriculture had to
ship in Nicaraguans in these these scary
trucks that were just like packed with
people very inhuman inhumane
so I'm my guess is that the United
States is going to become sort of the
tourist destination as the robots start
taking our regular jobs and then
everybody just works at the resort and
you know they they're in customer
service but there's just a lot of it by
the way I used to work at a resort for
years going through college and high
school I worked at a resort and it's a
good lifestyle the being an employee at
a resort is a good lifestyle even at
lower pain so
all right so I'm just looking at your
comments is anything else going on
that's about it right this inter
standard of living pretty low income
again not as low as Nicaragua it's all
relative
all right I think we've covered it all
RBG nothing to say about her
that's a wait-and-see Northam there's
nothing left to say about northern you
want to know more about my home
coffeemaker it's a meal a m IL mie LP
but it's an old one so you you should
look into the new ones jussie Smollett
all right Jesse Smollett his story about
being attacked by the people in
megawhatts we don't know for sure what
happened but if I had to put a
percentage on it I'd say 95 percent
fabricated meaning there's a 95% chance
that the Jesse smaller story is not true
now I'm not sure it's not true because
that would be a hundred percent but I'd
say based on what we've seen and heard
95 percent unlikely to be true Stacey
Abrams so I watched Stacey Abrams
reply here's what I remember of it
nothing there was absolutely nothing
about Stacey Abrams reply that was
interesting or memorable I'm going to
say this next thing very carefully
I'm not even sure if I can I don't know
if there's a way to say this without
with them at being horribly taken into
context and ruining my life let's say
let's say this Stacey Abrams is no
Barack Obama and she's no Oprah did that
did that help me at all
did that protect me you know how the
camera loves Oprah and you know how the
camera loves Obama and even if you don't
like their politics and even if you
don't like them personally you would
certainly agree that Obama and Oprah
have you know charisma through the roof
right they can hold the they can hold
your attention they can hold the screen
they can really they can really hold you
Stacey Abrams doesn't have that so yeah
that's as carefully as I can say it she
does not have that thing that makes me
want to watch more of her yeah you can
be mean in the comments and I'm not sure
I would disagree with where you're going
with this but she's in the world of
television
she's a tough sale and I'm trying to be
as kind as possible while also being
objective alright objectively speaking I
just don't know if television is our
medium I'm just gonna say that
telegenic does that cover it maybe
mediagenic that's an interesting term
yeah I know there's it's dangerous
territory isn't
all right I don't think there's anything
else to talk about is there it's time
for another sip of coffee well then I
will just remind you that if you want
health care costs to go down and you
want to help people who don't have
health care my startup SAP called
interface buy one hub is now adding
doctors so we have doctors that you can
call in the app and get a video called
on demand and if they're licensed in
your state and many of them are they can
even write prescriptions and so you can
get a second opinion or talk to a doctor
about let's say it's something
embarrassing you could talk to a doctor
right away and you don't have to
embarrass yourself to your regular
doctor and if you want to get a second
opinion which I find I often do it would
be a quick way to get one you know in 10
minutes you can you can have a doctor on
the phone and you're getting a second
opinion so please go to interface by
wind hub at the app stores and download
it it's free just in case you need it
now you might have a situation where
there's somebody you know who needs some
medical care and isn't willing to go get
it in that case you might also want to
refer to a doctor and you know yet to be
able to help your friend or family
member all right
let's talk about aoc it was a bad night
for aoc do we all agree than that it was
a bad night for AMC now I can say that
because I've been saying she has lots of
good nights and in fact we're still
talking about her so if we're talking
about her arguably it's a good night but
I thought she looked Petty and small for
for her reactions so she seemed Petty
and small
but we're also talking about her so so I
guess you winced again
bitter beer face is that a thing what
about Bernie
why do I avoid Venezuela well what is
there to say about Venezuela I'm not
sure I have anything to add to Venezuela
that isn't actually just the news
coverage the places of mass socialism
doesn't work and oh I did like when the
president said we'll never be a
socialist country country yeah thanks
for priming me there prompted me I don't
know that he's right because I if I had
to predict I would predict that we will
become a socialist country you don't
want to hear that dear here's my
prediction the United States will become
a socialist country when robots come
because once the robots are doing all
the hard stuff it won't make sense to
have normal normal jobs and normal stuff
so you'll always have some billionaires
who own everything but I think that for
a large percentage of the population
maybe in 50 years you know not right
away
normal jobs will be rare and probably if
you have a job that'll be enough to get
health care and housing and all that
all right Bernie's face yeah he didn't
seem happy it must be tough it must be
tough to be a Democrat in that room
because you have to have that unhappy
face the whole time even when he's
saying things you should be cheering
about all right that's enough for now
I'm going to go do something else I
would show you the view but it's still
dark here I'll talk to you later