well let's look at the beautiful view
and get ready for no coffee with Scott
Adams
we've got loyal dog she seems like she's
stuffed but I can promise you there
there you go she's actually a real dog
she can move sit down go back to sleep
all right well we got a lot to talk
about has there ever been an Uzi or de
Alexa turn on studio or not there that's
better
yes yes yes we've got all kinds of news
let's jump right into it
first of all Trump is decided he's Luke
leaving the World Health Organization
now maybe it's still negotiating because
I'm sure if they gave him what he wanted
you would get back in but I think it's a
strong move because Trump always does
the thing that everybody says well you
can't do that and then he does it and
then people say okay that worked by
closing travel from China people said
you can't do that and then it worked out
but a lot of things he does that people
say you can't do that you can't
negotiate a trade deal with China
they'll they'll be mad and that he just
does looks like it didn't work out so I
think the real problem with China is
that they're not buying the American
goods they said they went because things
are so tense
so if China is not going to buy the
goods that they promised to buy I think
we have nothing left to do with them
it's time it's time to organize the rest
of the world against China which it
looks like we're doing so there's some
thought about turning the g7 into a g10
bringing in a few more countries to
bolster the collective power versus
China so that's all good I would say
that's all positive for the United
States so the president of course used
some terms which he knows will get will
get his critics buzzing one of them was
when the looting starts the shooting
starts now
CNN and the other completely
disreputable people are saying well it's
clearly a racial
message to which I say do you think
Trump knew that come on do you think
Trump knew that that has some racial
overtones because looting is not a
racial term and shooting is not a racial
term and I'm watching the riots and to
me it looks like there are ten white
people to every one black person and are
you watching the same riots I am all the
riots I'm watching they're way more
white people in the in the protest slash
situation so when the president says
when the looting starts the shooting
starts you have to really kind of work
in it to make that a racial thing and
then he also calls them thugs which
again there were about ten white people
for every for every black person in
attendance and thugs is just a word and
and so far cNN has turned this into
wall-to-wall coverage about the Trump's
racism so much so that they actually ran
the find people hoax again so Jake
Tapper actually ran you know a a clip a
piece on his show in which you was
showing all the assumed examples of the
president's racism and of course none of
them are real there it's just a laundry
list of things that didn't happen or
misinterpreted but the fine people hoax
was on the still on the list still on
the list so I finally had to give up
with Jake so I I blocked him I'm not
just never gonna deal with him again
 piece of really because I
was giving him the benefit of a doubt
because I had talked to him personally
and I'd explained to him what the fine
people hoax was about and indeed he's
even cited himself once on his show he
said that the president at the same time
said that he completely disavow the writ
the racist which is the part that
usually gets cut out but I don't think
there's any excuse
this point you know there was a time
when you could say well maybe they
really think that's what happened but
once you show them the transcript it's
pretty obvious it didn't happen but
still reporting it today is just too far
I mean that's just a race-baiting and I
don't have any patience for it I don't
think you can be a good person and do
what they're doing I just don't think
you can
so I'm sorry Jake I wanted to think you
were a good person but you've proved
otherwise sadly so I'm cutting him out
of my life forever
not that we had much connection we did
the the cartoon thing for charity a few
times but that was it and I'm really
disappointed I'm disappointed that that
it even exists you know there were even
in this place but if you're watching the
news and probably maybe you didn't see
it on CNN for a while until it was over
the CNN was not reporting the news the
CFM's headquarters in Atlanta was
surrounded by protesters and they were
destroying the big CNN logo statue or
whatever you want to call it that was
outside they're just you're ripping it
on and doing graffiti on it breaking
windows I think at least one window and
and you might say to yourself why would
they attack CNN right why would you
attacks the event because isn't CNN
supporting you in every way well here's
my speculation and it goes like this
cNN has been whipping up racial
animosity for years what if they
succeeded and they got their racial
animosity if they succeeded in making it
racial I'm not sure people see political
party anymore because once you make your
racial it's just racial the politics
sort of is the second most important
part
but what's the most important part is
overwhelming everything else
congratulations CNN you took something
that didn't need to be racial because
we're mostly on the same side this with
the shooting with the shooting
especially this latest shooting of
George Lloyd the president is
aggressively and unambiguously on the
side of the protesters he was saying
there was a you know bad deal bad cop
you know he says respect the memory of
George Lloyd he couldn't be more on
their side that maybe they noticed
because you know it's hard to not notice
the president right but don't you think
that there's just a general hatred of
white people who were elites in power
I think CNN created a situation where
they've weaponized the public against
themselves because in the CNN world
there's this difference between Fox News
and CNN but I think we're learning that
that's only in the heads of people watch
a lot of news apparently if you don't
watch a lot of news it's just white
people in power and that's what it
looked like so again I think there were
10 to 1 white people to black people
protesting as CNN - based on just
looking at the crowd but I think they
all got whipped up into this thought
that it's the powerful white people who
have you know the control of things who
are the bad guys so I think they created
they created themselves as bad guys
because how else can you explain that
they would go after CNN now somebody had
a good counter theory which is you go
where the cameras are but any place is
populated that you have a big crowd the
cameras are going to get there so the
CMM thing kind of came from left field
but you can kind of almost understand it
because they've been actively agitating
for a race war without realizing that
they might be the victims of it
that the people might turn on them and
it looks like at least a little bit that
happened and so the president said he's
going to treat Hong Kong as part of
China and no longer treat it like it's
special which i think is it's just
practical it's just unfortunately
there's just nothing anybody can do
there's nothing the United States could
do there's nothing on kakadu that
they're geographically doomed to be
controlled by China and that's what's
happening about a normal day this would
have been the biggest story but it just
gets lost in the shovel that the actual
flynn phone call transcripts where he
was talking to kiss Li act the Russian
and the very thing that got him arrested
and and convicted turns out there's no
evidence in it there's no evidence the
thing that got him convicted when you
actually see it there's no evidence no
evidence of a lie no evidence of
anything it was just a verb the most
normal phone call in the world and which
not much happened that's it now that we
see the actual words you can see that
the whole thing was a little bit sketchy
we get it get sketchier every day so
there's there's at least some thought
that there's another shoe to drop I
don't want to report that yet because I
want to hear from other sources but
there are some other really interesting
stuff on this story that might be coming
out really soon it might involve some
other personalities that are not very
popular among Trump people but we'll
wait for that Minnesota governor said
today that sunlight is a disinfectant
which is weird to see a governor suggest
that you drink bleach to stop looting oh
that's not how you interpret that I've
been trained by CNN to interpret the
news this way if if a politician says
sunlight is a disinfectant
I should translate that into my
my mind as the governor is recommending
the you drink bleach because it would
stop looting did I do it wrong I'm
pretty sure that's right
I've been watching see them do this for
a long time I think I got a right all
right did you see the video of the the
guy with the umbrella this is the best
story on the Internet
if you haven't seen this yet you got a
good story to look forward to alright so
there's a video of an unidentified tall
white guy you can tell he's white
because he turns and looks at you even
though he has it he has like a
professional gas mask on but you can see
you know his eyes so you can tell he's a
white guy he's a big white guy tall guy
and he's got an umbrella and a hammer
now here's what's interesting about the
guy with the umbrella and the hammer and
the full gas mask and the all-black so
he's completely unidentified he walks up
with his hammer to the AutoZone store
the one you saw burning in Minnesota and
he's the guy who initially knocked down
all the windows so he walks up to it
nonchalantly like he's not even one of
the protesters like he's not even angry
about anything like he has it's not an
act of passion it's not an act where he
got caught up with a crowd he's all by
himself comes out of the shadows breaks
these windows like almost like a
professional like he was just doing a
job bang bang bang bang bang bang as
soon as he breaks a few windows which
history will record was the beginning of
the looting because until those windows
were broken I don't believe there was
any looting going on but once they were
broken Wow you know the window is gone
and so the man with the umbrella and the
hammer and the gas mask starts walking
away some of the people who were there
including one
I'm guessing maybe late teenagers early
20s something african-american man tries
to stop him and and also accuses him of
being a cop so in other words the locals
the people who were actually protesting
the actual protesters said wait a minute
you're not one of us now people are
saying he's a cop and I don't think
there's evidence of that but there is
certainly evidence that he wanted to
start a riot or start some looting so
why would he have an umbrella anybody
anybody why did he have an umbrella why
did he have an umbrella if you get why
he had an umbrella you're gonna be a lot
closer to the answer to the question why
do you have an umbrella I'm waiting for
somebody in the comments if you don't
know this you can have a surprise coming
why the umbrella I'm looking looking if
you're playing along at home we're not
seeing anybody answering the question
why the umbrella well I guess you don't
know so I'm going to tell you the answer
it's because of drones and because of
security cameras the umbrella takes care
of any drones that could take a picture
of his face as well as any security
cameras that might have had a down shot
now he's the only one I saw who had a
full mask that covered every part of
them including his hair so he was
completely unidentifiable it wasn't I
don't believe there was any exposed skin
except a little bit of his eyeballs you
can say so the umbrella tells me that
this was somebody who was prepared and
he was not prepared like a protester he
was prepared like a person with a
specific mission so now I don't think it
was to disguise the hammer because the
hammer was this big you know good
sticking it under his coat pretty easily
yes so he didn't want to be caught by
cameras
and he came prepared for that nobody
else had an umbrella
there's no protester who had an umbrella
he came to cause some trouble he seemed
a little bit too prepared meaning he
looked like a professional to me now
what kind of professional intelligence
agents from another country
how hard would it be for the Russians to
to send somebody there now I think that
he spoke to the the african-american man
who was chasing him down to figure out
what was going on I think he talked to
him so at least there's one person who
would know if he had an accent but I
don't think he did because I think we
can hear a little bit on the video you
know so I sounded American and and he
did you know say he was gonna take it go
with the guy cuz he was much bigger than
the guy who was chasing em and then he
just walked away yeah he was a
professional of some sort so when you
say that there was rioting going on you
can't leave him out of the story you
can't leave him out of the story he he
caused it who was he we want to know all
right that was interesting
there's something good happening and
something bad happening at the same time
I'm going to get into that a little bit
but first I want to ask you about how
confident you are that what you saw on
the video of the cop killing George
Floyd how confident are you that what
you saw in that video I mean you saw it
with your own eyes lots of people saw it
there were eyewitnesses how confident
are you that what you saw gives you an
accurate impression of what happened
because if you say to yourself I know
what happened because I saw it on video
and I saw it with my own eyes you have
learned nothing you've learned nothing
where have you been for the last four
years if there's anything that is
guaranteed to be true it's a video lies
now did the video lie so much that there
was no crime committed I doubt it
because it looked like a crime to me so
I'm gonna be very careful when I talk
about this next topic because it'd be
really easy for somebody to take me out
of context it looked to me like murder
it look to you like murder we all think
it look like murder I think then we
learned from the autopsy that he didn't
die from the knee on his neck at least
that wasn't the single cause he didn't
have a scientific CA ssin what now the
speculation subject to more more study
is that what killed him was probably
some combination of effects some
probably something about the way he was
restrained something about the way they
were on top of him something about the
intoxicants perhaps we don't know what
if were what he had in them something
about underlying conditions he had or
heart condition and hypertension and it
was a tense situation maybe all those
things maybe it was a combination of all
of those things but apparently he was
not it's fixed asphyxiated or strangled
by the knee they say they can tell can
they tell they seem pretty confident
about it but they said they can tell now
does the video lie well the video I saw
when I made my decision that he was
clearly and obviously a murderer
murdering a guy right in front of us the
video I saw showed only one person on
the suspect that's the one you saw to
just one person yeah it is
he had his knee on the guy's neck but
then we saw it later we saw a reverse
for you and it shows that there were
three cops on him one was on the neck
one was I think more in the back and one
was sort of controlling the legs so
that's what we saw now that's very
different than one guy on him right
so if if you said to yourself okay I saw
this video I'd know exactly what
happened was that cop he killed the guy
what you didn't see is a right beside
behind the bumper were two other cops on
him what's up with that now it gets a
little more complicated because I didn't
see that in the first video do you know
what else you didn't see you didn't see
any video of just before they took him
down you saw the video when he first got
out of the car and you saw the video
when it was like a few minutes before
the end of the man's life what you
didn't see is why three cops were on top
of him now I'm not going to say that
excuses anybody so here's I'm gonna
block anybody who who imagines that I'm
saying the cops are innocent okay and I
know that's gonna happen somebody in the
comments is gonna say oh you're saying
the right except not saying that I'm
just talking about the facts we know and
the facts we don't know so I will block
you the moment you imagine I'm saying
that okay so let's look at what we've
got here we're going to the whiteboard
here's the here's I don't know if it's
the simulation winking at us but this
might be more good news than bad what
I'm going to show you next
remember wouldn't Kaepernick did his
protest and he famously took a knee and
that of course created great division in
the country people love the rights and
all your disrespecting our country
people on the Left said well there's a
good reason it's a perfectly legitimate
protest and so there was great division
in the country and so that lasted a
while never really healed was just sort
of we stopped talking about it for a
while now we have this situation where
the policeman kills a black man by
putting a knee on his neck
now when I tweeted about this some
people thought I was joking
this isn't funny why would this be funny
it's murder or something like it I mean
somebody got killed nothing funny about
that
it is however potentially powerful and
powerful in this specific way that
nobody in the world can miss the the
show because the weirdness that's baked
into it that that the protest would be
taking a knee and then sort of what I
would call the final straw the moment
when every single white person said oh
okay that's what you're talking about
now some of us were already there many
of us were already there that the that
the police can sometimes be abusive we
all know that that's true in you know we
hope it's not the majority but we know
it's true at this point I think the
entire country got red billed or white
pills or whatever pill that is because
what what exactly is going through your
head so here's the question what is
going through your head when you go to
protest racial discrimination especially
with the police you show up in the city
and there are more white people there to
protest with you than there are black
people now are you seeing the same thing
I'm saying there are more white people
protesting this latest event then there
are black people I think by a lot how do
you feel if your black lives matter and
you show up and you think it's it's you
against I don't know white people who do
you think is on the other side who's on
the other side because you look around
and the people were supporting you are
all white people I think this is the
point when there's sort of a recognition
that this was more a problem about the
press how they whip us into hysteria how
they frame things and the police need
some help now they may need some help no
matter who they're stopping this doesn't
mean they need some help racially
specifically but it does mean that maybe
they need a little extra work on making
sure that this doesn't happen no matter
who gets stopped
but I think there's something magical
about the fact that there's this weird
coincidence built into the story I mean
it's a really weird coincidence that
Annie which is so powerful in our in our
minds you know the way we think of knees
it has to do with submission it has to
deal with you know somebody having power
over another one it's just that every
bad image is sort of baked into knees so
because this is so powerful and because
I think the entire country is on the
same side did you see that there were
protesters who went to the White House
the president was completely on their
side from the from the jump there was no
hesitation he was always on the side of
the protesters and in fact you know the
Department of Justice is acting on it so
who's on the other side who's on the
other side there's nobody on the other
side and I think that maybe Kaepernick
is the big winner in a weird way the big
winner because he looks right alright
now here's the part where I'll get in
trouble but I can't get cancelled so
you're gonna do it anyway as we're
trying to figure out what really
happened there I like to build a grid so
I can see I can work through my own
thinking about it so this has more to do
with a way of thinking of things so if
the only thing you got out of it is oh
that's a good way to think of a
complicated thing I might use that
myself and what I do is I just put the
three possible explanations and then I
figure out what we know which of course
is changing by the minute
so that this of course would have to be
you know updated every five minutes
because we're still in the fog of war
but in terms of how you would look at it
this is a good start so was it something
like murder
I guess third-degree murder is exactly
what he's been charged with in addition
to manslaughter and third-degree murder
is defined as this in Minnesota so it's
different by state
causing death of a person and here's the
the money part quote by perpetrating an
act eminently dangerous to others and
evincing a depraved mind without regard
for life and without intent to kill so
it could still be murder even if he
didn't mean it but it would but it would
be worse than manslaughter if I
understand this correctly I could have
some of the legalities wrong but I think
manslaughter would be your just being
just an accident that you should have
known better whereas the third degree
murder is a little worse than that
meaning that not only should it not have
happened not only you should even known
better but there was something about
your attitude or your intentions that
seemed like it's like you didn't even
try you know with manslaughter it's a
little bit more like an accident that
you should have known better whereas
this one is it's not an accident
necessarily it's just you didn't care or
you know you just didn't even do the
minimum you know you need it to keep
somebody from dying alright so here's
all we know
did the police follow procedures you
would say no right
wouldn't you say no I think you might be
surprised if the if it goes to trial I
think you might be surprised that it's
closer to yes and the only reason I can
say that is that the autopsy at least
preliminarily says he was not killed by
the knee on the neck so if the knee on
the neck didn't kill him and there were
four officers there none of them seemed
to be protesting what anybody else was
doing that suggests that they probably
all thought they were doing something
close to the procedure now can you put
an e on somebody's neck and have two
other officers hold them down if they
were resisting arrest
which by the way is not in evidence so
so far there's no evidence that George
Floyd was resisting arrest that's not in
evidence
but
later if it became an evidence suppose
the missing video the few minute the
minute just before the police took him
down
suppose we suppose somebody finds that
and suppose it looked like there was
some resisting if there was resisting
just moments before they the three of
them were trying to hold them down then
it's gonna look a lot closer to they
followed procedure because remember then
the knee on the neck it didn't kill him
it whatever it was was probably a
combination of things
which the police would not necessarily
know what's happening now the next thing
you say to yourself is but Scott he was
saying you're killing me he said it
directly repeatedly the witnesses heard
it how in the world did the police not
give him help when he's saying I can't
breathe I'm dying I don't know but I
would ask you this how often do the
police hear that kind of complaint
my guess is that it's common and main
and maybe they're just learned not to
take it seriously unless they see a
little bit more evidence that it's real
so suppose they just didn't take you
seriously they didn't kill him by
putting their pressure on the neck this
is all just suppose yeah I'm not saying
it's true everything could change its go
look like maybe they were just dumb they
thought they were following the
procedures and they should have been a
little bit more aware of the situation
so it's gonna look like stupidity what
about the autopsy the autopsy seems to
have ruled out intentional murder
because if had been intentional murder
we would have a specific cause oh you
did this but not necessarily that third
degree murder which is more closer to
manslaughter
so is manslaughter ruled out now no
because just because they didn't kill
him on the neck part the totality of
what they were doing apparently did kill
him
unless it was the biggest coincidence in
the world and he died you know nobody
nobody thinks he
died just coincidentally at that very
moment from natural causes
so manslaughter still in and and
stupidity is still in what about the
fact that they did everything they did
in front of witnesses who had phones if
you are planning if your mind was on
murder would you do it in front of
witnesses casually all four of you
casually well they have their phones out
no no not in any world would they be
thinking murder so I think you could
eliminate in fact the charges the
charges do not have in them any and the
element of intention so intention is not
even part of the charges and that
there's this this part that we just
learned that there were three cops on
top of them
why do you ever have three cops on top
of you if you are cooperating with the
police
is it because the police like to get on
the ground
with their clean uniforms probably not
that there's nobody wants to be
wrestling with a perpetrators of feet on
the ground unless they got pretty good
reason right so the evidence that we
have that there were three cops sitting
on top of them neck back and somebody
trying to control his feet strongly
suggests that he was not cooperating a
moment before then now here's the
interesting part to me and by the way
I'll say this every minute or so it
looks like a crime was committed to me
I'm just going through what we know and
what we don't know so don't don't
confuse what we know and what we don't
know with my opinion I'll tell you my
opinion it looks like he was killed
you don't need to explain to me that the
totality of what the police did almost
certainly contributed to the man's death
I would say something close to a hundred
percent certainty cuz what are the odds
he would die by accident just then and
here's my conspiracy theory that I would
like to add to it do you believe that
the video the the one video that's
missing is the important one
well important to answer the mystery why
is it that we have good video of before
that and we have good video after his on
the ground but the part that caused
three police officers to be on top of
him we do not have that video does that
seem like an accident let me let me add
this to the conspiracy theory just as it
is very unlikely that he would have died
by natural causes at just that moment
when the police are on the sitting on
top of him nobody believes that because
it's just too unlikely but do you
believe that with all the cameras around
the only part that we need to know do
you believe that that's missing by
accident I'm going to go with this
hypothesis somebody has that video and
they're not showing it to you
intentionally because it doesn't fit
what they want to happen I think that
video exists and I think somebody
doesn't want you to see it that's what I
think now that said I've never seen the
country more unified racially in the
sense that everything that Colin
Kaepernick was saying now we feel it in
a more visceral way you kind of knew
that there was you know a problem but
you also thought well it must be
happening to white people too it's a
police problem but now they you see it
the the visual of watching a man's life
being snuffed out by a police officer in
what seemed to be complete casual
business as usual is so horrifying just
so completely horrifying that I think I
think a unified us in a weird way now I
see some people worried that this is the
end of civilization and you know the
riots will go out of control and things
are fragile etc and I think nothing like
that's happening nothing like that's
happening if you see a crowd in which
it's only black people are only white
people something's happened
that's that's dangerous you don't want
to see a riot with just one ethnicity if
you see that you know you better get a
gun and hide in your house but if you
see a multi-ethnic group protesting for
you know more equitable fair safer
police enforcement and it's completely
Multi red multi-ethnic your closer to a
really good thing than a really bad
thing just doesn't feel like it because
there are things on fire now when you
turn on the news they're going to show
that one car that's on fire over and
over again because it's the only fire
gigantic city one car on fire what is
the news going to be let's see how many
times we can film this one car on fire
from different angles I hope it keeps
burning because it's the only thing
interesting otherwise it's just people
standing around give me the car on fire
so the first thing you need to know is
that we're being fed a diet of way more
danger than is actually there because
those are the interesting things so
we're so of course we see them the other
thing you need to know is that I would
say at least forty to sixty percent of
everything you see is probably because
of the lockdown and because the weather
turned good people were anxious and
angry and for us
and then warm weather came and they
finally said what can I do today will I
go to a restaurant
no will I go to the club no will I go to
a bar
no can I hang out and have a house party
no what if I have a riot can stop a riot
you could call it a protest same thing
it's hard to stop if you get enough
people nobody's going to stop you so I
think that the way this has to be looked
at is it's it's kind of emotionally
there are two things that are kind of
collided emotionally the video of you
know George Floyd being killed is of
course the big topic but the way we feel
about everything whether it was this
story or some other trigger the way we
feel about everything is just a little
extra a little extra weight on it
because because we've been locked up and
we just need to get out so I would not
expect this to be a permanent situation
because number one everybody agrees
everybody agrees who exactly are they
protesting are they protesting the the
governor of Minnesota no he wants those
guys in jail are they are they
protesting the legal system no they've
already arrested that guy are they
protesting the court decision no hasn't
happened are they protesting the
president ow he agrees with them so hard
that I think it confuses them who are
they protesting now of course they're
protesting you know I guess
institutional racism they're protesting
maybe some tendencies some human biases
but what you're going to do about that
what are you gonna do about it
I mean I do think there are lots of ways
you could improve police work you should
certainly have them they should all have
body cams at the very least that's the
least they should should have as body
cams maybe they need to revise some
rules because it's not the first time a
black man has died is
reaming for medical care if this had
been the first and only time a black man
had died while begging for medical care
then you say oh it's just a one-off
mistake it's terrible it's a tragedy but
we don't need to fix anything because it
just happened that one time but it's not
one time it's not one time that how many
how many cases have you heard of three
or four now where it sounds a lot the
same so maybe there is some other
process let me give you my
recommendation that I gave to black
lives matter a few years ago when
something like this was coming up here's
my recommendation for a change in the
police procedure and it goes like this
if your if your suspect claims a medical
problem and as long as you have control
of him so it's not a dangerous situation
you will immediately call your
telehealth doctor and say hey telehealth
doctor I've got a suspect he's in
handcuffs he's complaining of breathing
problems or whatever can you talk to me
and him at the same time to see if this
is real and the doctor gets out and says
you know can you tell me what's going on
and then the doctor recommends do you
take him to the hospital right away do
you treat him in some specific way or
does the doctor say it looks like this
can wait but if you put it off on the
doctor it's a little bit harder to
protest if things go wrong because we
accept the doctors don't get it right
every time that's sort of built into our
understanding of healthcare is that
doctors don't get it right every time so
now that you can call a doctor on a
video by the by the device in your
pocket and you can you you can thank the
people who are watching this parrot this
periscope for the fact that at least we
were part of the push to make it legal
for telehealth you know the online
doctors to practice across state borders
which makes it viable for the first time
so I say just go with the obvious
throwing the doctor you should have one
who's always available just for this
somebody who's you know seen let's say
something who's seen police work enough
that they they also have an
understanding that the perpetrators
sometimes tell stories that would be
good background for the doctor that they
use so now would that work maybe not
maybe that wouldn't work by itself to
make everything better but there are
other little tweaks you can make for
example you could make you could
increase the penalty for falsifying a
police report I think that was one of
the black lives matter suggestion as
well to which I say I wouldn't object to
that would you would you object to
increasing the penalty for falsifying a
police report by the police if they did
something bad and they're just covering
it up and they're with her the police
report I don't think I would disagree
with that so I think you would find that
there are a lot of things that would
work for colin kaepernick
a lot of things that would work for
black lives matter there's somebody like
President Trump or any like-minded you
know governor's or mayor's wherever
these decisions need to be made could
simply say let's try it here's one not
all of the police have body cams and the
reason is primarily primarily budget so
just suppose I'll just put this out
there suppose the President of the
United States said that there's this is
no longer just a state problem because
we have a racism concern and that's
federal so the president could easily
say because we have a history of this
that states can't get away with
discriminating and if the reason they're
getting away with it is that they have a
budget problem I'm going to solve that
but I'm gonna make the budget available
that they can all buy body cams if the
President of the United States
especially this president if Trump said
here's a billion dollars I'm going to
put this bill through Congress it's a
billion dollars and it's it's nothing
except buying body cams because we want
to we want to reduce this problem in
every
way we can that's just one of the things
we could do maybe he could do an
executive order it would be like a
suggestion to the states to make
falsifying a police report more of the
penalty he could suggest that they still
have to do it at a state level so anyway
the point is there are very practical
things which smart people have worked
out that are worth trying if you don't
if you don't try then it cannot be said
that you're valuing black lives or any
other lives if you don't try of course
you should try what are we doing so
you've got you've got protesters in the
streets of you know a bunch of major
cities it's the biggest story going
there destroying property you know it's
just a horrible situation but what's
what's anybody doing what are the
suggestions I think the president could
just say look I haven't heard any good
suggestions but I'm going to do these
things I'm going to fund the body cams
I'm gonna you know make sure that
they'll you know recommend that they
toughen the laws on something and or and
I I could recommend that they have a
doctor opinion if somebody says that
they can't breathe so that that's three
very specific things that you can just
put out there and say let's try this
let's just try it all right so that's
the that's where I'm at with all this
stuff again I want to assure everybody
who's watching this I've never seen the
public of the United States this unified
and the only reason that we're not
talking about that is because the news
is telling you it's not the news is
still telling you were not unified we
could not be more unified on this
question we couldn't be because you know
what I don't even think Colin Kaepernick
wants to disrespect the country I think
he wants the country just to do better
now I realize that's a generous
interpretation
but I think it's a good time to be
generous it's a good time to be generous
so I so I might my take on Capra knack
from the beginning is that he was very
effective and so I I praised him for his
effectiveness even if you didn't like
the fact he didn't have any specific
suggestions to fix anything and I don't
think you did so I still respect him for
the message and for the effectiveness of
it and because it's something that a
great a great deal many of my fellow
Americans are concerned about and that's
good enough for me if there are a lot of
Americans who are deeply deeply deeply
concerned about this issue I'm not going
to talk them out of it I'm not gonna
tell them you know you should look at it
differently you shouldn't think of it
that way it's not that big of a problem
I got to do that the fact is that
there's a gigantic percentage I don't
know what the percentage but it's a big
percentage of the population who's got
real pain real concerned you know real a
real issue this is as real as it gets
if the police or if you think the police
are killing you because of the way you
look that's that's a 10 out of 10 you
know how do you live in that country so
I can assure you I get that and I
understand that that that's the reality
now you can try to argue it away and say
well you know white people get killed
too and it's not really racial and stuff
like that but the the lived truth is
that they've they've got this x4a risk
and I think you have to deal with it as
a lived truth which is good I love that
phrase by the way because it gets to the
fact that reality is subjective and
nothing could be more subjective than
this situation the way everybody feels
about it is really a reflection of their
own life and things that have happened
to them and who they are and all that
alright
did we talk with stupid protests yet
well this is the reason that I think the
protests have as much to do with the
lockdown plus the good weather because
as I said they don't
who to protest because nobody's on the
other side and by the way am I the only
person saying this is there anybody else
in the media the punditry
on social media is there anybody else
who's pointing out what I am which is
that this is being looked at backwards
this is the most unifying event in the
history of the United States since Pearl
Harbor
maybe 9/11
I don't think racially we've ever been
more on the same side and we should be
celebrating that we are so on the same
side turn on turn on CNN
it looks like it's basically the same
story on cm on Fox News how often does
AB now the difference of course is as
CNN is blaming the president for being a
racist and therefore it's always false
they've turned it into this ridiculous
political thing when in fact the biggest
story in the world is unfolding right in
front of us and it's invisible it's
literally invisible the most unifying
situation we've ever had socially and
it's invisible
why because the media has the public
hypnotized by their framing of things
and they have framed this as a problem
with racial inequality it's exactly the
opposite now independent of what those
individual cops were thinking in their
head we don't know that but we're not
talking about individuals I'm talking
about tens of thousands of people in the
street just look at the video all racial
groups all genders gay straight it's the
most unifying thing we've ever
experienced thank you for reminding me
that Van Jones the way that he's
characterized this as you said if you're
looking for a racism in you know Trump's
I'll paraphrase so you said it better
but basically saying you know it's not
it's not the racists who are like the
real legitimate racists
that are all the problem but rather it's
the people who think there are good
people and vote for vote for Democrats
but then when you you would you approach
them in the park with your dog suddenly
they turned into raging racists and Van
Jose quite insightful II is saying maybe
the problem isn't this group maybe the
problem is people maybe the problem is
people and if we stop
you know slicing it into with this kind
of people of this kind of people and
just say maybe we're just a biased
discriminating prejudiced people now my
take on this is that that's how the
brain works
your brain is a pattern your pattern
recognition machine it operates on
patterns I've seen this before this
worked before this didn't work before
I'll do what worked before it's all
patterns the trouble is we're really bad
at it so we have a pattern recognition
machine in our head to makes all our
decisions and it's not good at
recognizing patterns that couldn't be
worse but it is the situation we're in
and prejudice and bias is all based on
the fact that you've got a pattern
recognition machine and you've got a bad
pattern in there now if you have a good
pattern in there you're actually able to
predict the future
oh every time I see this situation this
happens so that's what a good pattern
can do for you a bad pattern says oh
every time I see an elbonian wearing a
hat he's gonna punch me in the face
because the last three elbonian 'he's
wearing a hat punched me in the face or
worse worse I've never been punched in
the face by an elbow nyan but I was
raised to think that they punch you in
the face now that would be a bad pattern
pursuing that elbonian do not punch
people in the face more than the average
that would be a pattern that's just a
faulty pattern so what do you do when
people are naturally pattern recognition
machines and they're not good at it I
think that's what you have to deal with
you should deal with the fact
that we're all biased by design we don't
you can't be unbiased you have anybody
who tells you that they don't have bias
they're just lying there just liars now
I think you love somebody at the same
time you have bias I think you can you
can rise above your bias I think you can
say to yourself okay I'm I don't have a
good feeling about this for whatever
biased reason but I'm gonna I'm gonna
give everybody a fair chance I'm gonna
look at the resume I'm not gonna look at
the skin color I'm gonna look at what
you can do how you did in the interview
I'm not gonna look at your gender etc so
I think we should maybe just accept that
being biased into every possible way
whether it's ethically or politically
anything that's just who we are and I
don't think we should pretend see the
worst thing we do is pretend there are
people who are not that person if that
just doesn't exist there are people who
can overcome their bias but there are no
people who don't have bias that's just
not possible somebody says it works both
ways
Scott of course it does what I'm talking
about is people so of course it would
work in every direction
totally agree but that's not the name of
the game yeah
obviously the the name of the game is
politics and power so people will make
claims that are not true but the trouble
is the public believes them
it's one thing oh I'm glad I lifted your
spirits Kathy yeah I've said before that
we can't tell the difference between
being on the edge of doom and being on
the edge of greatness it looks the same
that being right on the edge of the
worst day you're ever gonna have and
being right on the edge of the best day
you'll ever have can look identical so
when we're focusing on these riots etc
we're just being blinded to the fact
that
there's nobody on the other side I don't
know how many times I could say that
that'd still be the only person who says
it there's no one on the other side
there's no one on the other side when do
we realize that there's no one on the
other side it'll be okay
if there was someone on the other side
maybe it wouldn't be okay but there's no
one on the other side or all of this
together completely on the same page now
we got some facts that we'll find out
and maybe later that won't split us up
but at the moment we're pretty good all
right that's all I got for now I will
leave you that positive thought and I
will talk to you in the morning they'll
probably be 10 new headline stories by
then because it's that kind of a month
I'll see you then