[Music]
uh
oh we'll have quite a show today it's
going to be
amazing possibly the best show you've
ever
seen and we'll be ready for that in one
moment how do I look today is my t-shirt
on point I think so looking
good good morning everybody and welcome
to the highlight of human civilization
it's called coffee with Scott Adams and
there's never been a better time in your
life and if you'd like to take this
experience up to levels that nobody can
nobody nobody can understand with their
tiny shiny human brains all you need for
that is a cuper marer a glass of tanker
Cher Stein a canteen jugar flask a
vessel of any kind fill it with your
favorite liquid I like coffee and join
me now for the unparallel pleasure of
the dope of being of the day the thing
that makes everything better it's called
the simultaneous Sip and it happens now
go
oh do LEL we've got sound we've got
video it's all coming together
now how good is coffee for you well
believe it or not not there's another
study on coffee a brand new one says
it's good for your skeletal muscle
mass so if you've got low skeletal
muscle mass maybe a few extra zps this
morning get your muscle mass going you
know if you uh get to the point like me
where you drink enough coffee you can
lift this entire set of papers here look
at that some muscle mass right
there well there's a new discovery on
batteries I almost every day I tell you
there's a new um scientific breakthrough
on
batteries and most of them will turn out
not to be anything but there's so many
of them there's so many really really
big things happening in the battery
world and there are very few things that
will have more impact on your life
because it will change all of
Transportation it will change whether
you need nuclear power plants or not it
will change uh whether solar is as
effective as it could be it will change
how long it takes you to charge your
phone your your drones everything but
now there's a CU Boulder scientists
found a way using ions moving in tiny
pores whatever that means but uh they
look they think they can get your phone
charged in under a minute it'd be more
like a super capacitor if that means
anything to you
so your charging days of s there and
waiting to charge may be over could be 5
minutes to charge your car and 1 minute
to charge your phone and good to go
here's a uh little data point uh the AF
post is reporting that over 90% of US
population growth since 2020 came from
Hispanics so 90% of the growth came from
Hispanics now I don't know if that means
just uh immigration or if it means also
babies but uh I think we need to really
talk
seriously about opening immigration to
the
British um I think we should have
barriers in other words we should say
you you have to prove that you can add
something to the United
States um so it' be good if you had a
job and a you know skill and stuff like
that but I feel like there are going to
be a lot of people in England who are
going to say can you get us here is
there some place we can go to get away
from the crumbling society that is
England failing and I think we should
and by the way I'm completely serious
about this this might sound like I'm
getting ready for a gag no you've got a
failing country and you're going to have
a lot of people who want to escape we
should make sure we get the good ones
you know what I mean and you know
somebody's going to turn this into some
kind of racial thing but it's not that
I'm saying I just want the people who
can hold the job it doesn't matter who
they are if they're if they're from
Great Britain and they're you know
regular lovers of democracy and they can
hold a job let's open the door as wide
as possible get as many as we can we
should take
Millions honestly we should and it
should be a special program because
we've always had a special relationship
with Great
Britain um the only thing I want to make
sure is that we don't uh start bringing
in a bunch of Canadians and just ruined
this
country I'm just joking I love
Canadians but you do have some weird
leadership up there I hope it's hope
it's not wearing off on you rubbing
off all right uh according to the New
York Post there's a new poll that says
the majority of Americans believe the
First Amendment goes too
far okay well maybe the people from
England should just stay where they are
cuz we're dead
[Laughter]
we don't have a
chance more than half of the of the
United States thinks that free speech is
going too
far can you believe
that I I don't know what that would have
been when I was a kid
but I don't know I feel like it would
have been different now of course
everybody has the same opinion which is
I'd like to limit the free speech from
the other
people everybody thinks their own free
speech is fine so if you're uh if you're
a liberal you'd like to put whatever
kind of books on sexuality into
preschool well not preschool but into uh
School
libraries and Republicans would say what
that's crazy get them out of there get
that free speech out of
there and of course the the Democrats
just want Republicans not to say
anything so there's no such thing as phe
speech we we just all think that there's
some free speech that goes too far and
some that doesn't but we're pretty sure
it's the other team that's going too far
not our side that's for
sure so 53% Americans believe the First
Amendment goes too far in the rights it
protects oh I don't know how you can
survive that honestly it you know maybe
the
xplatform can you know evolve to a point
where there's something like a
competitive free market of ideas with
some a little bit of fact checking going
on as well so maybe you know we're we're
not dead dead but uh I can't think it's
hard hard to imagine a worse statistic
other than the federal
debt that would tell you things aren't
looking good for the future but I
suspect that when people say the first
amendment is going too far they're
really thinking about a real narrow list
of things they don't want to hear
so what they really mean is they don't
like fake news I think but it's hard to
know what is
fake The Wall Street Journal uh has a
big article about the controversy from
JD Vance and you know should you have a
traditional family unit and uh is that
the only way to go or are the so-called
catw women the single cat women is that
is that a satisfying and productive life
what is
this
anyway um here's what I say I say that
for most people at least in this country
the United States for most people
neither single single life nor marriage
works because civilization has changed
so in the old days you had two models
right you either married in a
traditional looking marriage or you were
not married and most people thought oh
married would be better but at least you
know you understood what a single was
and you could make it work if you wanted
to but today I would say civilization
has changed in ways that make it
suboptimal to be single because you're
going to be lonely and looking at social
media and basically losing all your
connection to human humankind that's
probably not good and if you're married
it's even harder because the the laws
and the economics and the you know just
the
pressure uh for people to cheat is so
strong now that uh marriages are really
tough so I'm going to say for the
millionth time that we need a third path
there needs to be some kind of path that
doesn't look like being single and
lonely and doesn't look like being
married to somebody who's going to
divorce you and take your kids and leave
you in poverty for the rest of your
life neither of those are good paths the
needs to be some third path now I don't
know what that looks like but I do
imagine that it might be some kind of
voluntary tribal
organization you know not by hope
hopefully not by race or religion but
just people who want to be part of the
same crowd now at various times in my
life I've been part of let's say social
groups that were extended where there be
I don't know 20 or 30 people in the
group group and On Any Given night
somebody be having a party on the
weekend and you would see you know at
least half of those people but it would
rotate through and and so you'd have
this huge group of people that you were
close to and you would spend some
quality time with on a regular basis now
I don't have that at the moment after
the
pandemic and you know pandemic plus a
divorce you know really changes your
your landscape quite a bit so I've got
to experience what is like to be married
in modern times and what it's like to be
single in modern times and one thing I
can tell you for sure is that neither of
them
work the these are not workable models
and in the long term civilization can't
support this these are two failing
models because civilization changed now
I would like to invite the NPCs I know
there are always some watching what you
should do now is tell me how your
marriage is
excellent as if that would be
addressing my point uh you could also
tell me that um that marriage is the
very
best organization we've ever had as if
nothing's
changed because it used to be the
best so telling me it's always been the
best in the past is not addressing
anything I'm saying because we're not
disagreeing about what was good in the
past I'm saying at the moment neither
model works you need a third model
well George Conway went on television
and said that no normal people are left
in the Republican
Party George
Conway he doesn't think there are any
normal people left in the Republican
Party well
Breitbart uh simply reposted what he
said and added this comment look in the
mirror oh that's so unkind funny funny
but
kind um I would just note that if you
don't know who George Conway is he's
someone who hates Trump boy is EA
Trump y's Trump oh
no I just saw a meme that's going to be
in my head all day um he really hates
Trump you know why he hates Trump George
Conway well I don't know exactly but I I
think he just doesn't like attention
seeking Liars with weird haircuts and
tumultous family
histories all right you'd have to know
George Conway's history to know that he
has the weirdest haircut in the world
he's an attention
seeker and his family history has not
been stable
anyway and by the way to reinforce my
earlier
point I don't think that George Conway
is to blame because his marriage didn't
work out or anybody else I just think
Mar marriage doesn't work for most
people in the modern
day uh UT Utah has done what the New
York Post calls Banning books you
New York Post you you
 there that's what you wanted to
say right because when Utah bans
books what does that mean you all know
what that means right you don't have to
read the story Banning
books means not allowing highly sexual
mat material to young school children it
doesn't mean anything
else if you call that banning books
you're just a right
that's not an
opinion that's not a difference of
opinion it's not a preference it's not
news you're just being a
there's no other way you can you can
describe
that stop being that
way anyway uh I would note that whoever
calls
a a book ban a book ban is winning the
persuasion War so as long as as long as
conservatives say there are some books
that are too naughty for our
children perfectly reasonable opinion
perfectly reasonable opinion but it dies
immediately as soon as the other team
says oh so you want to ban some books
you're a book Banner oh you book banners
whoever says you're a book Banner first
wins because people aren't paying
attention to the details 80% of
Democrats will only believe that uh
Republicans want to ban their
opinions no no that I've never heard
I've never heard any Republican or
conservative ever not one time say that
books for adults should be
banned have you heard that even once in
your whole life I've never heard it I've
heard only young children maybe wait a
little while for the deeply sexual stuff
especially if it's you know about which
gender you're going to pick and that
kind of
stuff so there must be some way to
attack this but I don't know what it is
you can't really Embrace and amplify
because you'd have to add a bunch of
heterosexual
porn so you know I was thinking all
right what would you do if you wanted to
beat this persuasion play where they
call it a book Banning and I would say
well you could suggest adding a whole
bunch of
porn and just see what they say and make
them ban
it just make the Democrats ban it say
well you're in favor of porn all look at
all these books we consider this porn
why can't we add some more porn now no
conservative is going to suggest adding
porn to school so that's not an option
open to
them but uh
I guess you just got to run away from
this because it's it's a losing it's a
losing topic even though the don't even
though Republicans are on the right side
of the issue totally on the right side
this one's unambiguous in my case and in
my opinion it's
unambiguous you can't win the persuasion
on it they'll just call it a book ban
and the low information people will
believe it all right I'm going to
today's theme will be about all the
brainwashing but we're going to tip show
into it so the the Democrat brainwashing
operation uh has been fairly well
revealed at this point and you're going
to learn some things some scary things
today but before we get to that RFK
junor just cancelled an outdoor event at
the Iowa State Fair because they were
concerned they couldn't make it
secure now do you think that that is
just sending a message
or do you think that they were really
worried about their security could be
both could be both but I like the
messaging of it which is basically
putting some um pressure on the Secret
Service and B and because here's what I
imagine what I imagine is they had a
conversation about you know drones and
you know uh anti- sniper people Etc and
probably the Secret Service said well
well you know we we can't have somebody
on every building and then maybe Kennedy
said you need somebody on every building
we kind of learn that well we don't have
the resources for every building but
you're going to have a drone up there
right well we didn't bring the
Drone so I have a feeling that maybe
just the the level of trust is so low
that if you were going to bet your life
on the Secret Service doing their job
it's not really the environment in which
you could Bet Your Life on the Secret
Service doing their job whatever is
wrong there wasn't that one
day right there there's nobody thinks
they had one bad day do you does anybody
think oh it was just weird we had that
one bad day no obviously there's
something structurally deeply wrong
there meanwhile Taylor Swift canceled
her events I guess European part of her
tour and uh there were specific threats
uh that she was she would be targeted by
a terrorist and the terrorist is a
19-year-old suspect and they found
chemical substances and Technical
devices at the
house and uh so the concerts in Vienna
were cancelled
now I would like to note that President
Trump was shot at an outdoor
event RFK Jr just cancelled an outdoor
event Taylor Swift just cancelled an
outdoor event well at least it was a big
event I don't know if it was Outdoors
might have
been um but remember I've been telling
you oh and then you know the Iranians
are threatening to do God knows what so
remember I've been telling you the
outdoor large outdoor door events will
be a thing of the
past what happens when your your battery
in your drone your personal drone can
last for hours so it can fly for hours
it's got AI on it so even if it loses
its GPS or gets jammed it can still just
look at the ground and figure out what
to do and it can carry enough weight to
be a bomb or a chemical which would be
worse
how in the world how in the world could
you protect outdoor
events I think they're just going to
end I don't know for sure but I think
literally we just won't have Stadium
activities or big concerts I I think
those days will just end you know maybe
they'll be replaced with 3D whatever but
I I worry that there is no way to
protect large outdoor events as long as
the world is a dangerous place and Dr
are part of it well just the news is
reporting about the Iranian threat
apparently the US Customs and borders uh
said that they're concerned about
Iranian proxies trying to get into the
country to do terrorist
attacks now I don't know if that's
just some kind of you know brainwashing
PR thing or is there really some new
kind of risk that we didn't have before
have we really not had the same level of
risk risk since 911 and before so I
don't know if this is really a new risk
or just they want to tell us there is
you know maybe it's more about managing
expectations or
something I would think that if Iran or
anybody else wanted Trump to win that if
there is any kind of a terrorist attack
before the
election wouldn't that put Trump in in
the
presidency it seems to me that people
would say oh if you're not protecting
the country from terrorist attacks there
were no no big ones under Trump so maybe
he did a better job on that close the
border so uh I would think that
Democrats are just their pants
about some foreign actor doing a
successful terror attack because I feel
like that would have the same impact
almost of trump being nearly
assassinated yeah if it feels like that
would just sort of swe keep him into
office um here's something that's kind
of interesting on the X account of Matt
orilia he's got a long um thread there
uh in which a zoom call was found a
recorded Zoom call in which Democrats
were talking about their brainwashing
operation now they don't call it a
brainwashing operation but it's a
brainwashing operation they call it
controlling disinformation and
misinformation but do you know what
Democrat operatives call
misinformation anything that's bad for
their team so the specific examples
included people who were incorrectly
saying Biden had cognitive problems oh
yeah that's what they consider
misinformation and so they had a whole
program set up to counter the
misinformation that Biden had a
cognitive decline now that was just one
example you you could argue with whether
the other ones are are true or not but
here's what we learned so there was this
uh Biden Harris digital director guy Rob
flairty and uh he was on the zoom call
saying how the DNC created a program to
detect track and
censor what it deemed
misinformation and say said it was
critical but here's what they mean by
targeting
so they would use the technique where
they would Target you um as an
individual as opposed to just putting
out a commercial that anybody could see
so they would make sure that you
specifically would be followed uh online
if you had uh let's say let's say you
had searched for something like a Biden
dementia if you were looking for Biden
dementia they could Target you as a
person who suspects that Biden has has
some mental problems and then you know
what would happen when you were
searching for something else it might
return you some videos of Biden looking
really strong so in other words they
would simply feed you things that would
change your mind without you knowing
you'd been targeted because they
wouldn't be the it wouldn't be a search
result you know like if you were looking
for something and then a bunch of
results came up you would be more alert
that some of the results might be biased
but if you're not doing the search
you're just going along with your normal
business and then things are fed to you
on YouTube and things are fed to you on
Google and other parts of the internet
you would not be aware that they were
manipulating you you would
simply see the usual thing which is all
kinds of things come to your attention
you would know that they had picked what
went to your attention to specifically
Target you for that specific opinion how
effective would that be really effective
really effective because they can Target
their persuasion to you personally they
can figure out what kind of person you
are and what you care about and then
they entail the perception to be the
strongest version that would work for
you
individually um so that's apparently
that was a major program going on so
that you were being uh they call it
psychographic targeting
now I talk about persuasion all the
time
and one of the question is when is
persuasion ethical and when is it
unethical and I'll give you kind of a a
working definition that works for me I
think persuasion is ethical when the
person being persuaded knows you're
doing it and largely knows how you're
doing it for example if you're go to buy
a car the salesperson is going to say
good things about their car and you
maybe a little less good things about
the competition and they're going to
shade things and maybe there's a little
Hyperbole and but you know it you know
you're talking to a salesperson you know
they're going to put their product in
the best light that would be persuasion
and if they lied to you of course that
would be unethical but you're largely
completely aware of it if you see a
candidate giving a stump speech you say
oh that's a person trying to persuade
all right you know and maybe it works
maybe it doesn't but it would be
perfectly
ethical changing people's minds is sort
of ordinary you know ordinary activity
if you saw some marketing for a
product and it looked like it was saying
a little too much about how good its
product is you wouldn't feel that's
unethical unless there was an outright
lie involved than it would be but here's
what is deeply
unethical persuading people who don't
know they're being persuaded and don't
even know the topic of the persuasion
that's what this is this is people not
knowing they're being persuaded or even
what the topic is it's simply finding
out what people are thinking and then
using brainwashing techniques these are
brainwashing techniques to change their
minds without them knowing they've ever
even been targeted for persuasion you
wouldn't even be aware that anybody
targeted you
specifically now that is deeply
unethical now that's a personal opinion
you maybe you you would draw the line
somewhere else but to me if you're
targeting somebody and doesn't even know
they're on the topic they don't even
know they're on the
topic and you're changing their minds
with you know deep scientifically proven
persuasion techniques deeply deeply
unethical I don't know if it should be
illegal
that would be something worthy of
discussion you know I think it depends
on the details but uh yeah that's as
unethical as you could possibly get and
that is
brainwashing that is not selling that's
not
persuading that's
brainwashing and it should only be seen
in that light deeply deeply
unethical uh by the way somebody's going
to say that uh that in 2016 seen some
Pro Trump people did the same thing if
they did it was also unethical it may
have worked but it would be unethical no
matter who did it all right and it would
be unth certainly it's even worse if
some foreign power is doing it all right
speaking of unethical I've told you
before how to identify the paid
trolls um so you can look at them I was
going to do a
demonstration uh where I would tweet
something and then I would show you a
paid troll coming on um and then I'd
point it out because if I do it in real
time it's going to be kind of fun should
I do that you want me to send a send a
post on X and then we'll just watch it
during the show and I'll tell you when
the paid troll comes in all right let's
do
that uh I have to think of something
that would
be
provocative okay so I'm going to do
something generic about
walls uh so it'll be sort of a generic
character attack on walls and watch
watch the trolls come in and I'll tell
you what to look for so look for a troll
that comes in immediately it'll be like
the first or second
comment they will be a follower of me
more often than not not 100% but more
often than not and they won't be a fan
so that's the first tip off they follow
me but they're not a fan okay it's so
they can be first with their comments
and then the nature of the comment would
usually be a personal attack on me so
I'm going to do something that will
invite this and we'll see if we can get
one so look for the anonymous person
they often have in their profile that
there's some kind of um military
veteran which I don't know is ever true
but look for military veteran Anonymous
account follows me but hates
me uh a few number of people and the
first one to come in these are the page
rols all right
so let me
first do
this oh screw
me well it it appears I can't crack the
uh the password on my own
account
so let me point you away from it for a
second I'm pretty sure I know my own
password all right third time third
time's a charm all right so here's what
I'm going to post and we'll see if the
troll comes in all right remember this
is just a a total fake opinion all right
I'm going to say
uh now that we
understand
walls
character I don't see how he stays in
the race all right so it's just a gen
General thing now that we understand
wal's character I don't see how he stay
stays in the race so watch for the first
or second comment
all right so we'll let that percolate um
if I'll I'll check the comments if
somebody sees the troll come in now
here's what you need to know these are
paid
trolls like actual honest to God it's
not hyperbole they're paid and they're
paid to make me feel
bad so what they'll do is they'll come
in and they'll say something personal
about either my marriage or my stepson
who died of an overdose that's one of
their favorites um or being canceled
they'll say stuff like how's your career
going so look for
that somebody says I got two already
really all
right
um first off I'm not a fan you lied and
supported operation warp speed
all right so the conservative trolls all
believe that I supported vaccinations so
they put that first I can't tell if
they're the
pros
uh somebody said Ben get
yeah you're bald and I'm a military
veteran somebody says
uh first off I'm not a fan let's see if
this is
one well he he might be a patrol we
don't
know keep an eye on that all right so
the payrolls is one of their unethical
Persuasions um and then we know America
First legal is on this
case about the FBI I uh was trying to
control a lot of the free speech on
X and apparently the FBI's national
election command post back in 2022
received lists of multiple Twitter
accounts posting misinformation so the
FBI was in on this this is
misinformation which must be blocked so
you've
got you've got the uh the fake
persuasion people feeding you ads to
change your mind that you don't know
what happening you get your paid
trolls making you feel bad if you use
social media you've got your FBI
suppressing accounts through social
media and then yesterday I saw at the uh
Harris uh wals rally in
Wisconsin uh the crowd was
chanting uh this is what democracy looks
like now if you heard it it was really
scary
because getting people to chant is a
brainwashing technique you could call it
persuasion because people know what's
happening but I don't think they know
how powerful it is if you could get a
group of people to chant
anything you would be pretty deeply
uh wait what's this you'd be pretty
deeply
persuaded uh
uhoh all right that wasn't what I
thought it would
be all right so chanting is a a tell for
somebody who has deep persuasion Talent
if you thought oh that's just a fun
thing to get people involved in a rally
well it is you know anytime you can get
your crowd to participate in some
way uh
yeah so the chanting is uh something
really to be afraid of now of course you
know that um Trump crowds chanted Locker
up that was a common thing Locker up
Locker up uh which I thought was a
terrible idea because it guaranteed that
they would lock up Republicans and they
did so if you want to know what
caused Republicans go to jail for
January 6 I think a lot of it was the
chanting Locker up
honestly I think that created a lot of
energy to they're going to lock us up no
we're going to lock you up so I think
there was a little bit of maybe you had
that coming every time I heard that
Locker up I thought to myself oh
you're going to pay for that you're just
asking for trouble and sure enough
trouble showed up don't
chant all right
um as you know there are a number of
polls that don't seem to be completely
credible showing that Harris has pulled
ahead the other way that the bad guys
persuade is with fake polls if they can
make the polls look like oh my God this
new team of expert candidates is going
to win look at these good poll numbers
they've already jumped into the lead if
they can do that then suddenly the
people who donate money say whoa I can
donate to a winner my money will be well
spent because they'll they'll owe me
some favors and they'll be in office
perfect so I'll give some money so it's
partly a fundraising thing but it's also
because there's a social proof element
if you tell other people hey this is
what all the smart people think by
majority you're more likely to get the
undecideds well well everybody seems to
be going this way maybe that's the right
way to
go but rasmason has a poll that says
Trump is still up this is their newest
in a two-way matchup Trump would be up
49% to 44 over Harris
but in a uh with everybody in
um the with everybody in Trump still
wins the handly so I think uh still
about the same
actually so which one is
true uh rasmason has had a good record
in the past for presidential
polling um but the other polls seem to
be pretty disagreeing now some of the
polls are about um swing States this
one's a overall one but I don't see any
scenario where Trump could be up
by um
five or
four I don't see him being up by five
nationally without sweeping the at least
most of the Swing
States so if you're saying to yourself
hey I don't trust any of the polling
that is the correct
Instinct I don't think any of the
polling is credible right now now none
now here here's two reasons one it's the
summer if you're not aware of this the
late summer polling gets wonky because
people who would normally be home to
answer the phone are on vacation their
minds are in different places than they
normally are but sometime in late
September you're going to get polling
that's a lot closer to reality we hope
so I wouldn't believe any polling yet
but the other thing is what good is
polling
if you've never heard uh Harris do a
press either op press her where she has
to answer tough questions an interview
with a let's say aggressive question
asker or any kind of a
debate if you haven't seen any of that I
would suggest that all polling is
ridiculous because you're comparing a a
thing to an unknown it's a complete
unknown we don't know if she can piece
two words
together we really don't because there's
so many examples where she didn't that
you know it's not a let me put it this
way if she could talk in
public she would have already had a
press conference she would already be
doing interviews with tough
interviewers but obviously she can't and
obviously her handlers know she
can't right and if her handlers know
she's not capable of doing it what are
we supposed to think if her handlers
don't believe she can do it and
obviously they don't believe it now they
might think well we'll get her you know
we want to make sure her policies are
you know ones that she agrees with not
just Biden policies so there might be a
little tightening up of what the
policies are so that if she gets
interviewed she can have a tight answer
for each one might be that so if you
know if tomorrow you hear that she
started doing pressors and then she just
keeps doing them or keeps doing
interviews all the way to the the end
then it really was just they wanted to
make sure that they had a good tyght
package before they go out and then I
would revise my thinking because that
actually would make sense you you don't
want to just run out there and ruin
everything if you can keep your base
excited at the same time you can keep
working with your candidate and
practicing making sure that she can give
a tight reply to any any policy question
um it makes sense that they would
delay but the longer they delay the more
you think is it because they think she
could never do it and that's what it's
feeling like it's starting to feel like
I think you think that she could never
do this that she's not qualified for the
most basic part of the
job all
right so
um The Guardian was talking about a
study that found that watching just
minutes of Tik Tok content can
negatively impact a woman's body
image imagine that just a few minutes on
Tik Tok can give a woman mental health
issues because if you have body image
issues that are triggered by Tik Tok
that's a mental that's a mental problem
so you can actually give somebody mental
illness
in minutes
just think about that you can you can
induce mental illness in an ordinary
normal healthy person a woman in less
than 10
minutes now how much do the how much
time do they actually spend on the
app about four hours a day teens about
four hours a day but they can have
mental illness in 10
minutes and there's no you know the body
image stuff is meant illness right it's
not a it's not a body problem it's a
mental
illness now let me ask you
this if you could make somebody mentally
ill in less than 10 minutes how
persuasive is it for
politics it's that persuasive if you can
make somebody stop eating until they
 die which is what we're talking
about people having eating disorders in
less than 10 minutes
they can die you know if you stop eating
enough your body will fail you just die
so Tik Tok can actually kill a person in
less than 10 minutes of
exposure just hold that in your mind
because every time somebody says to me
Scott it's just social media it's just
social media come on Free Speech well
I'm in favor of Free Speech but you
should be aware
that this is such a powerful tool it can
kill you in under 10
minutes now I'm connecting some dots if
it can give you a a body image problem
in less than 10 minutes for some people
it's going to make them eat less and for
some of them they're not going to
recover from that so it can actually
kill people in less than 10
minutes and you want that to run wild in
your
democracy you want people's opinions to
be controlled by a Chinese controlled
company that can give you lethal mental
illness in less than 10
minutes I don't I don't think I've ever
come up with a better example of how to
teach you how dangerous Tik Tok
is it's off the chart dangerous it's
just off the
chart all
right gayway Punda has a new report
about the so-called sloppy handling of
mail-in ballots at the post office I
guess the post office has this process
where they would you know have a tight
control over ballots because it's so
important but turns out they the post
office is not so good
about you doing their own controls so
there are plenty of reports of ballots
that were found later that weren't
delivered on
time
so huh there were ballots that were
found after the election when it was too
late to count
them but they were
found how hard would it be just to throw
away
ballots if if you if you were a male
person in a prot trump neighborhood for
example and you knew that three out of
four votes would be Pro Trump wherever
they were dropped off in your
neighborhood and you didn't like Trump
you don't think you'd find a way to put
those in the trunk of your car and drop
them in the
River I don't know it seems like the
whole mailin ballot thing is just
begging just begging for no clean
election let me say it this way if you
have a big mailin ballot portion of the
of the election I don't think we can
call it an election because an election
would be that you'd have some
confidence that the vote was accurate as
long as there's massive mailin I don't
have any confidence that the vote is
accurate because I don't know that the
ballots from the real people reached the
counting place and you could tell me all
day long that we counted it twice how's
that going to
help just think about it uh the ballots
got thrown away or somebody collected a
bunch of ballots from let's say illegals
and filled them
out and by the time they reached the
counting offices everything worked
fine so they going to do a recap account
and the recount is fine and so then the
courts say well we don't see anything
wrong can you show
us you show us the problem and you say
yes we can but it's going to take months
and we're going to have to do lawsuits
and we're going to we're going to have
to sue to get access to information to
check the ballots then the courts say
some version of so you have nothing
now well no but we will I mean if we
looked at it I'm sure we could find it
but you have nothing
now okay we certifi the
election do you think any election would
ever be
reversed do do you think that let's say
there was some uh really good lawsuit
they had some good suspicions and it was
going forward but the country has to
move forward too so whoever wins the
election gets installed they move into
the White House they're doing the job
two months are going by they've picked
their staff the the government's working
and and then all of a sudden one of
these court cases that always take
months they discover that wow a whole
bunch of fake ballots determin the
election are they going to say oh I'm
resident of the white house looks like
you're going to have to move or we'll
have to redo the election no there's not
a chance of that the courts will say the
the challenge was too
late because you know life went on we we
don't want to upset the country it's not
our job to change policy
if you had been here
sooner well yes but once it's certified
and once the country is moving forward
no so I believe that the mail and
ballots create a situation where you can
never find in time the in time is the
important part you you don't have any
mechanism to find out in time that there
was
cheating and you have no mechanism to
know that anything was thrown
away if you don't have those assurances
that you don't know what was thrown away
before it ever reached the counting
office and even if you could find that
massively there were fake ones filled
out it would be too late life would go
on so I don't feel like there's an
election coming up and I also don't feel
like there's any real chance that the
country will accept whatever the outcome
is e either way really doesn't matter
which way it goes we have a system which
is designed for lack of
credibility why would anybody do that
when it would be so easy to design a
system people did trust vote the same
day on paper have people watch
you all right
so that's happening uh Joe Biden managed
to do a some kind of a CBS interview in
which he did look completely mentally
incapable um but he I mean it just
looked terrible and uh he said that he's
not confident there'll be a peaceful
chance for a
power uh if Trump doesn't win he said it
wrong the first time but corrected
himself so here's what I
think I think he's creating a
situation where if they steal the
election um they can just put in jail
anybody who complains so they're they're
creating the the let's say the frame
that anybody who challenges an election
is a criminal that's what the January 6
prosecutions were so anybody who
challenges in an aggressive protest way
is a criminal and we'll go to jail and
and he's making sure that you know that
they're ready for the
trouble so that's a scary thing coming
but at the same time according to the
George account
um on X which is a real good follow by
the way
George um that one of the uh some of the
J Sixers are being released because that
recent Court Supreme Court decision that
said that uh stopping I guess the one
that said that stopping an official
procedure was not a correct application
of a law that was designed for Enron and
some special case so people who were
mostly in jail for just that
um it looks like some of them are being
dismissed there's a specific guy here
Jake Lang who was in jail for three
years and half of it was in solitary
confinement try try to hold this in your
head one of the J Sixers was in jail for
three years still there hasn't been
released and half of that was in
solitary
confinement and now we find out that it
wasn't even a real
law does that guy have a
lawsuit God I hope so I hope the January
6ers have just the biggest lawsuit in
the world because they were convicted on
something the Supreme Court says is not
even the right application of the law
and we all knew that we didn't really
need to wait for the Supreme Court
everybody who looked at it said that's
not the applicable law you don't have to
be a lawyer to know it you you just look
at what the law was designed to do then
you look at what the January Sixers did
and you say that's not that's not the
right law for that it was obvious now
when it's that obvious don't you have a
lawsuit I would think you would some
kind of class
action well the new leader of the
project 2025 thing that was confusing
the messaging with the Trump campaign
because uh they wanted different
things uh so the guy who who hacked into
my local account and I blocked is saying
that he wants to hack back into it I
wonder if he
can that would be
scary um we'll find out but anyway the
new leader of the project 2025 was going
to publish a book about it um but he's
not going to delay that until after the
election that is the correct decision
thank you now I want to be clear I'm not
saying that I'm disagree ageing with
what's in the project 2025
recommendations I don't really know what
they have exactly um what I'm saying is
that you can't have two people being the
messenger of what the Republican
candidate wants it's just completely
unacceptable that you're messing up
Trump's messaging with your own
messaging that is easily conflated with
Trump's messaging in a negative way so I
do appreciate that the project 2025
people are fully embracing that risk in
making adjustments
appropriately um you know me I have one
standard for judging people which is not
the mistake but what you did about it
because everybody makes mistakes right
if you judge people by did you do
something that didn't work out well we
would all look like because
we've all done things that didn't work
out right but if you say all right let
me judge you by how you responded to
once you realize this wasn't going the
way you
hoped project
20225 was confusing the public there was
push back they make
adjustments that's what I asked for
that's exactly what I asked for I'm
completely
happy all right uh Virginia governor
yonan he's issued some executive orders
oan is reporting this and to remove
noncitizens from the voter role
I think Nevada did the same thing and
there are other challenges to other
states to get them to do the same thing
why is this even a
question did how could you even imagine
that there's an intention to have a fair
election when you know the voter roles
are completely rigged if the voter roles
are rigged and nobody's willing to
change it in those
States that shows your their int
ention it's an intention to cheat
there's nothing else that could
be
um here's a message to my uh
engineer if you're watching this
engineer could you find that Dean Davis
on the uh YouTube platform and see if
you can block
him during the show I think you have
access to that but if you have access
it's a Dean Davis on YouTube just block
him if you
could anyway
um we'll see if any of that makes a
difference you know I think the Lara
Trump um action is probably a big wild
card for this election because Laura
Trump has this you know big operation to
get a lot of uh Witnesses and you know
people to be uh basically just watching
all the counting of the votes the thing
I most want them to watch is any kind of
late night
Shenanigans now the the uh Universal
belief among conservatives is that Trump
won the election in 2020 and when you
went to sleep then all the cheating
happened and the the alleged trucks with
the ballots pulled up with the fake
ballots and then a bunch of fake ones
were counted or there was some double
count counting or whatever and then
suddenly there was a completely
statistically impossible surge for Biden
and and
thenone now given that we know that's
how it looks like it was done last time
I don't have confirmation that that was
a rigged election it just looks like it
in every possible way not only do you
assume that it must be rigged because
everything else in the country is
rigged it would be quite amazing if the
most important thing in the country is
the only thing not rigged I don't think
so yeah I think you have to assume that
we live in a country where the odds of
our elections not being rigged are kind
of close to
zero you I don't mean every election
there might be local ones that are not
rigged but at a national level how could
it possibly be true that they're not
rigged 100% of everything you know about
reality and life in America says the rig
can I prove it no nope but that's the
point of rigging is that you do it so
you don't get caught are there
mechanisms to do it without getting
caught of course there are of course
there are is it the biggest benefit you
could ever get yes yes if you're one
side of the other if you can cheat and
get away with it that's about the
biggest benefit you could ever get so if
you know you have the opportunity you
know you have the incentive
and you've got lots of people in lots of
different places and nobody can possibly
audit it
100% under those conditions if you were
to just describe this on paper say Let
me let me describe the system there are
lots of ways to
cheat there are no ways to catch them
there are some ways to catch some things
but generally the most of the ways to
cheat you wouldn't be able to catch
there's a huge
incentive and there's lots of time going
by and the people who have the incentive
to cheat have also convinced the country
that they're stopping
Hiller so you have the biggest incentive
you've ever had bigger than any
incentive the United States has ever had
except maybe winning World War
II under those conditions where it's
possible and the incentive to do it is
through the roof and there's lots of
time to get it done and you probably
wouldn't get caught under those
conditions it's
100% you know that right
if if what I just said is true and I
think it is I'm just describing a
machine you know it's a machine that's
got these holes and over
time this is guaranteed to happen if you
have these holes it's like I'm trying to
sell you a bucket and and the bucket has
holes in it that are like one inch up
from the bottom of the bucket now can
you predict what will happen if you
continue you pouring water into the
bucket yes you can is it because you're
magic no is it because there was a court
case that says there's a hole in the
bucket no is it because you know how
people act no it's because there's a
hole in the
bucket the the elections are just a
bucket with a hole everybody sees it
right now if you if you're saying but
Scott I really do believe they can audit
it so you wouldn't get away with that
how are you going to audit the post
office throwing away a a bucket of of
mailin ballots you tell me how you're
going to find that you're not and as I
explained earlier the things you can
find are going to be too late so they
wouldn't make any difference if you
found
them all
right so let's talk about crime data uh
National Review has a big story about
why
sometimes it looks like crime is going
up and sometimes it doesn't and you know
why the numbers are all fake um I could
go through that but here's the bigger
Point all of our data is
fake if you believe any of these things
you are you are brainwashed all right
any of these things one side is
brainwashing and the other side is not
if you believe that you are bluring
washed both sides are are in heavy
persuasion
both sides are trying to brainwash You
by using different techniques now I
would argue that the Republicans are
generally persuading in a more ethical
way meaning that you can tell what
they're doing and it's obvious uh I
would call Fox News a case of ethical
persuasion Fox News does not pretend to
be anything but a right-leaning opinion
news site where the news people do play
it pretty straight and the opinion
people are overtly transparently clearly
on one side and I say that's completely
ethical because if you sign up for
watching Fox News you know you're going
to get persuaded in a certain way but
it's brainwashing if you don't know
somebody's doing it to you or when
that's
brainwashing so the persuasion game is
is different in in ethical
sense but I would remind you that
there's no important data that's ALS so
true if you believe that some data is
true and some data is untrue and that
you have magically found the true data
you are
brainwashed you might be
right but it's brainwashing why you
believe
it right so if you said I know what
these crime statistics are you don't
nobody has any idea because the data is
all it's the same with
measuring the temperature of the earth
there's no real data and there's
certainly no real data that says you can
measure the temperature of the earth
accurately over decades that's not a
real thing couldn't be in the real world
no that's not a real thing and it's not
real that you can measure crime either
because the people are reporting it
differently there are changes in the
policing people aren't reporting as much
sometimes they're they're looking at how
many they caught sometimes they're
looking at how many were the crimes you
can't compare them it's just not any
data you can compare what about
immigration you saw Trump trying to
estimate IM immigration the other day
he's like I think we have you know 10
million people well some say more could
be 15 million I think it could be 20
million if you don't know if you have 10
million or 20 million illegal immigrants
do I need to make my case the all data
is fake all data is
fake and
and do you know who agrees with
me everybody who's ever worked in data
analysis everyone I I will challenge you
to find anybody who for a living not
just as a hobby but for a living
produced the data for other people to
consume you show me that person and I
will ask them is data ever real and they
will look at you and say no no there's
only data you're paid to put together
there's data that persuades but there's
no real data on anything and once you
learn that things start making
sense well anyway the
uh um there's a account on X called the
contextualized hot Dam
historian he's at hot Dam historian at
hot Dam
history um it talks about how there some
liberal women who are sad that they've
lost their fathers to Fox News and there
was one young lady who was saying that
uh Tim wals reminds her of her father
being lost to Fox News now that doesn't
make a lot of sense since he's the
opposite of Fox News Tim wal is he's
he's
liberal um but they they just get a Vibe
they get that Vibe
so um
anyway do you do you think that any of
them are aware that Fox News is not the
one place that is brainwashing people I
think the young women who are sad
they've lost their fathers to Fox News
they are correctly picking up that their
father is being
propagandized to the point where he may
not know what's true and what's not that
may be true but what they don't realize
is that the same thing happened to them
and if you don't realize that you're
both brainwashed you'll never be able to
have a relationship if you simply said
to yourself you know what Dad I think
you're totally brainwashed by this Fox
News stuff and then he says you know
what maybe I am but it looks to me like
you're totally brainwashed by Tik Tok
and whatever you're looking at and then
she says you know what you might be a
little bit right about that do you want
to go to
lunch so we should be able to get past
that but only if you are at a level of
awareness where you know the
brainwashing is on both sides or the
persuasion if you
prefer uh Justin news reports that the
Georgia state election board on
Wednesday they voted to request that the
State Attorney General reopens an
investigation into Fulton County's
counting of the results in
2020 if you don't follow the accounts
that I follow uh and you know mine are
really artificial in the sense that if
you follow a few kinds of accounts you
end up seeing a lot more and then
following more so I'm inundated all day
long on social media with credible
looking as opposed to
credible credible I can't tell but credi
looking reports that there were all
kinds of discovered anomalies in the
Georgia election now I also he about
Arizona and uh was it Michigan or
Wisconsin or something so
so or Minnesota I can't remember but I I
I'm continually seeing reports that look
they look
credible I don't know what the
conclusions are but of massive
irregularities in 2020 massive now if
you're not seeing any of
them uh then you're you're you're being
brainwashed in a completely different
way than I am but I'm aware of it so the
best you can do is it's a say okay I'm
being fed a fire hose of what are
allegations of we found some bad
behavior in the elections in
2020 I feel like some of them are
probably true but I wouldn't pick any
one of them and say this one's true
because you know most of them probably
won't
be so they look credible and there's a
lot of it and apparently the fton county
um people had enough people who also
thought it look suspicious that they're
willing to put time and resources and
reputations behind looking into it now I
don't know if they'll find anything
before the election but I will remind
you for the millionth
time reality is running too much like a
movie to ignore and this movie requires
a reveal that has not happened yet it
requires to be a proper
movie we have to learn that our
elections were rigged in a way that
everybody
agrees now that's not me saying that I
know that we're going to do that or that
it's findable or even that I have some
special knowledge that it was rigged I
don't I do not have any what I would
consider reliable information that any
elections were rigged I have no proof of
that I just have the understanding that
if you have a bucket with big holes in
it and you keep filling it with water
there's going to be some water lost so
you can't change my mind on that but I
don't have any
proof however um when you've got the
actual election board people who are
suspecting that there's something worth
looking
into I think the movie is going to be
satisfied and it might happen before
election day it could happen after but
the best reveal would be some kind of
court case that determines
that Trump won the 2020
election before this
election now would you agree that that
would make the proper movie forget about
reality for a second you know forget
about the odds just for a second just
say if it was a
movie does it require that we learn that
the 2020 election was in fact rigged
against Trump I say yes I say this movie
I'm not going to watch the movie until I
until I know that scene is in there and
that scene has not yet revealed itself
if it ever will and if and if it's even
true but I sure would bet on
it honestly I would bet that something's
going to be emerging that looks quite
credible before election day there's a
lot of attention on it let's talk about
all the attacks on walls Tim Walls let's
see there's The Stolen Valor attack uh
that he retired from his unit to avoid
going to Iraq the his supporters are
saying no no he retired months before
the deployment but other people say but
he knew it was happening months before
the deployment so yes he left months
before the deployment but he knew it was
coming so that's why he left some say we
don't know what he was thinking but
that's the
attack uh some are saying he wore a
special forces uh patch or indicator on
his hat once or at least once
and that he wasn't in the Special Forces
so that would be a case of overclaiming
your involvement in the military but it
could also be that just somebody gave
him a hat and he wore it so I don't know
how do you judge that one I have no idea
uh there's a video of him saying that he
carried a a rifle and in a war I'm
paraphrasing but he wasn't actually in a
battle he he was never in a shooting War
he was in the military during war but he
wasn't in the in the field um there's a
story that he was uh demoted before he
retired I don't know what the reason was
but uh his his final rank was not as
high as his rank at one point so he was
decreased in rank before he left I don't
know how much that matters um
and so here's my take on it
um I am not a military veteran so I have
no Insight on how this makes people feel
I'm told reliably and consistently that
people in the military or military
families especially um would be very
affected by this
issue but the specifics of the issue are
a little
bit not the strongest things in the
world because you know you'll never know
if you really left because he wanted to
run for office was he trying to
avoid war is it really dumb to avoid war
if you
can you know there are a lot of
questions I would have so I'm going to
recuse myself from the stolen valer
conversation so I'm going to say I don't
have any insight in that um I believe it
when people say it's going to affect
other people's opinions I believe that
but it didn't affect my opinion in any
way
and um yeah you you could presume that
that makes him a coward you could
presume that and I'll I'll listen to all
of your arguments and I will not dismiss
them all right so if if you feel that
any of this is a big deal and you feel
that other people will think it's a big
deal I'm not going to argue that it it
might be a big deal but I don't I don't
feel it so I'm going to have to rely on
other people to tell me how much of an
impact this
have um and then there's the weird issue
of he approved tampons in the boys
bathrooms just in case some trans person
wanted a
tampon everything about that issue is
dumb you know the the Democrats are just
going to say that all he did was make
available uh tampons for women and
separate from the question of whether
anybody should use any restrooms or not
and
I don't know it's just a small issue it
just doesn't feel like there's any
traction on that one I don't care about
it one way or the
other uh but more more interesting is
his connection with China so apparently
he was over there during tienan square
that may have killed may have been
10,000 protesters that was that were
killed by the government nobody really
knows the number but you know estimates
are that high uh but the weird thing is
that
five years later he planned his
honeymoon on the anniversary of the
tianan square
event and he went to China with 60 kids
in toe according to the Minnesota Star
Tribune in
2018 so he was a he was a teacher and
also a
coach um for football and he also taught
kids in China and he set up some kind of
a uh student exchange situation so I'm
assuming that the 60 kids he took with
him were part of that cultural Exchange
program of some
sort but uh one thing we know for sure
is he really likes children
so
um that's for michaelan
black yeah I'm talking to
you all right I don't want to talk about
that but it's funny um there's a new
story about Hunter Biden and taking
money from
Romania so Ken vogle in the New York
Times was posting about this um so
apparently there's prosecutors that say
that Hunter was hired by a Romanian
oligarch to say to make sure the United
States thought good things about Romania
and that they cut the deal so it didn't
look like Hunter was getting the money
in any kind of a far violation far F
meaning that if you're going to do work
for a foreign country to persuade
Americans you need to register so that
everybody knows you're persuading again
remember I told you it's ethical to
persuade if everybody knows you're
persuading and what what you're trying
to do so that that's why you would
register it would be legal if you
register to say I'm persuading on behalf
of this foreign company or foreign
government and they're going to give me
money totally legal you just have to be
transparent but uh the allegation here
is that
uh that soon after Hunter was engaged to
do this work uh there was a meeting with
then Vice President Biden and the
Romanian president and that two weeks
after the meeting Biden publicly stated
that he was happy with Romania's effort
to combat
corruption so there seems to be a
Smoking Gun that wasn't n thrown away in
the trash so to speak there seems to be
some dots that look connected of course
the court will have to decide if this is
true but what it looks like is uh Hunter
made a deal with a Romanian
oligarch to do some good stuff um good
persuasion uh he talked to his father
again this would be allegations this is
not proven uh that he talked to his
father and that his father made a
statement that the Romanian government
would like to hear that they' made
progress against um against corruption
and uh then here's the uh the money
shot um and then one month later the
billionaire started making deposits into
the bank account of Robinson Walker LLC
an entity owned by hunters associate Rob
Walker and then Rob Walker may have been
generous after that may have spread some
of that money around
so I guess it would be not a far
violation if the money went to the
business partner who wasn't doing the
deal but I'd ask the question what was
the source of the income what did the
business partner do to get paid so
that's left out of the story if
anything and then there's an update to
the
story um it said the special council's
team does not intend to charge Hunter
with violating
Farah but it signal it would show how
foreign interests wanted to
influence the
government
what wait
what how is this possible a far
violation if if these facts were true
and all these dots were
connected to a far violation that would
be right at the top of things that you
should
prosecute but the so-called special
counsel just wants you to know
what how's this even
true I I feel like there must be
something missing from the story what
all right we'll keep an eye on that all
right ladies and gentlemen I got to run
and do some things today so I won't take
long but I'm going to talk to the uh the
beautiful and lovely and sexy local
subscribers privately U but I'm going to
say bye to the X and YouTube and Rumble
viewers I will see you tomorrow thanks
for joining for another amazing coffee
with Scott Adams all right locals coming
at
you
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e e