well let's see if this works
this works now in theory you should be
seeing oh there I am
yeah you should be seeing my drawing
surface and then if I change the camera
you should be seeing me let's try that
with any luck now you're seeing me I've
figured out how to change the lighting
exposure since the last time I failed to
do this with any luck the sound will be
perfect every time let's check out my
mixer my mixer says I should be taking
[Music]
whoops
taking sound from the wrong place I
think
and I think I'm getting sound from the
right place sorry if you're trying to
hang with this but I thought I would
just show you what it looks like when
I'm drawing so what you see is the the
bare bones of a comic that I already
started and what I'm doing is doing the
finished artwork on top of the first
draft so if I make any mistakes it's
easy to correct here that would be the
bosses back of the boss's head I like to
whoops I like to make the drawing as big
as possible when I'm working on it
because that hides the errors when you
shrink it down it's also easier on my
hand
see if you ever wondered how I spend my
weekend mornings you're looking at it
this is pretty much every Saturday and
Sunday morning for about 30 years except
I was using paper for most of that time
so here's Dilbert and for those of you
just joining me I am drawing over the
artwork that I did in rough no pinkie
twitch that's correct so I'm wearing
this this glove like item that's really
just something I learned from somebody
else so it keeps my hand from getting my
hand oils on stuff so I'm gonna change
the pen size to 10 that's what it looks
like when did you first go electronic I
think it was 2004 ish
this is a the device is a wacom cintiq
cin TI q now what I'm done I'm going to
remove the layer that has the the rough
draft so all you'll see in the end is
the the finished art you could probably
tell that the difference between the
rough art and the finished art is very
low yeah it is a slim studio let me show
you how old is it how old is the
computer monitor it's only this move
this model is a probably a year old two
years maybe
the studio console and I've got
different cameras set up so if I drag
this in you should switch to this camera
and if I want to switch you back to look
at my drawing board back to there I
think I've got the sound and the
lighting and the Dutton the multi
cameras worked out I'm gonna start doing
some interviews with folks over Skype
and over my own company's app called
interface it's called interface buy went
up and lets any expert charge for their
time
with a video call now what I'm doing
right now would have been impossible
without human help that's why the
interface app but when hub that my
startup does it's going to change the
world because there's so many things
that you just can't do without 15
minutes of getting somebody's help and
that's about all it took bob ross on
steroids interview Elon Musk I'd love to
yeah number of you apparently are
listening to my John Dvorak interview he
interviewed me came to the house a few
days ago and I guess that's out on he is
no agenda podcast right now he asked me
all the good questions
all right what's it like to be a
cartoonist it's a lot like this there's
little motion motion indications if
you're trying to become a cartoonist my
advice for you is to practice drawing
hands if you can draw a hand you can
draw anything hands are really hard to
draw if you can't draw a hand you
probably can't be much of a cartoonist
so work on your hands
did yet do I ever recycle panels I don't
I've never recycled that a full panel
but obviously the characters are often
drawn in the same they're drawn in the
same you know same poses because there
aren't that many things that these
characters can do they sit at tables
they drink coffee they walk around they
don't do much they're mostly talking
what are the hardest things to draw you
might ask hardest things to draw or
anything that is supposed to be even
like a nose or a glasses getting any
kind of symmetry is always tough yeah a
lot of people draw three fingers instead
of four but they're lazy I'm a full four
fingered cartoonist no horses no tie for
Dilbert yeah I got rid of Dilbert sty a
lot of people haven't noticed but he
hasn't had a tie for years they're all
they're all casual
part of the trick of drawing is to pick
the right time the day because my hand
is you know jumpy if I've had too much
coffee or if I'm distracted but if I've
exercised I'm kind of sleepy my hand
works perfectly
and I will Kelvin never come back I
doubt it
somebody says the pointy-haired bosses
Trump well you know I feel bad with that
anonymous mole inside the White House
who was complaining about his boss what
knew was Trump because it means that I
failed the generation it has to be
somebody younger who's not a Dilbert
reader because anybody who's been
reading Dilbert would recognize that the
complaints they made about their boss
are the complaints that every every
underling makes about their boss do you
ever wonder how hard it is or how easy
it is to draw you're seeing the easy
part where I'm just essentially
following my own lines which by the way
isn't that as easy as it looks if you
think it's easy to trace your own
drawing it's not takes a lot of practice
how did I maintain ownership it's just
contractual you just have to have
lawyers when you first get syndicated
when you make your first deal usually
you're splitting the licensing
fifty-fifty let's increase the weight of
that line to a 12 yeah the first thing
you do when you get syndicated meaning
you get your big contract to be a
cartoonist or before you sign the
contract you get a lawyer so any
questions about how do you keep your
rights how do you copyright any
trademark the answer is all the same get
a lawyer
how can you convince your daughter to
vote Republican well good luck with that
I'm like Bob Ross but less weird how did
Bob Ross become so darn famous after
death there was just something about
that guy that was downright weird in a
good way I spent a lot of hours watching
Bob Ross draw alright so here's the
hardest thing to do is to draw anything
this guy any kind of symmetry close
enough you'll never notice that that's
not perfect when it's small
he was a Marine drill sergeant Bob Ross
was Bob Ross smoked dope
well there's a shock what are the odds
an artist who did marijuana so if you
were watching me draw the original art
instead of just tracing the lines you
would see a lot more it would look more
like programming than art because you'd
be continually changing the settings the
line weight changing which tool you have
you know copying and pasting that sort
of thing so the art of drawing is a lot
closer to programming then it used to be
so used to be the drawing was nothing
but drawing but now you've got to hit
your settings your line weight your
layers your all kinds of options so it's
halfway between computing and art
one of the tough things about drawing is
drawing things that look wrong but or
right like this hand that's curled into
this hand if you were trying to figure
out how to draw that you would never
would have wanted to be happy with that
because it just doesn't look like a hand
but when you see it in context it is so
it takes a long time to learn how to
draw something that looks wrong but the
viewer will see as right that was sloppy
mm-hmm yes and looks like a spatula
there's about a 10-second delay between
what you're seeing up here and what
you're seeing here yeah
seems like you're just tracing yeah so
this last step is essentially just
tracing because I've already done the
drawing you can see the bigger comic
here so the drawings already done but I
do it in a layer and it's just sloppy
and then I go over it a little bit
cleaner so you can see see for example
that you know there are some stray light
lines and stuff and some errors that I
don't keep when I do the final all right
this is probably a line weight of 10 so
depending on the size of the characters
I changed the line weight smaller
characters get Dean to your lines
this is actually you're watching
actually the best part of my job
oddly enough can't the computer do the
tracing it can't because it's not an
exact trace what you're seeing is some
rough art that's pretty clean so it
looks to you like all I'm doing is
tracing but it's more typical that the
original that the rough art would not be
exact and that the first time it would
look the way it's supposed to look is
when I do the the final over top of it
and just use it as a guideline but you
are seeing our work that's unusually
close to the finished so that's a little
misleading so I'm probably only
improving it by ten percent by doing the
final art
the rough art was also digital so let me
show you how that works so when I first
do it here using two layers you've seen
the rough art juxtaposed to the original
art so I don't know how clearly you can
see it but you can see that there is
some difference between the rough art
and the the original so here's one
that's just rough so the way it was
drawn
I took a template of his head and
plopped it in there gave him a different
expression drew his body originally and
you can see that these are just sketch
lines it's it's hard to see just how
much of a sketch this is see that might
help a little bit but you can see that
these are rough lines and then when I do
the final so so that's just the rough
and then what I do is I take this layer
and I lower lower its temperature if you
will until it's something like that and
then when I draw over it on another
layer
it looks like tracing but I don't want
to keep that line so I'll take it away
you had dogbert on your organic chem
notebook well I'm glad that helped I'm
sure you got an a so a Macintosh is the
computer but the screen is from a
company called Wacom w AC om and that's
the that gives you this screen that you
can draw on you might know that the well
actually this this monitor you're
looking at is an iPad pro and it also
comes with its own stylist and I could I
could do art on the iPad but it doesn't
have the features it doesn't have the
size it doesn't have the you know the
multiple windows and all the things that
you need to be efficient so while you
could use the iPad to draw this is more
of a toy whereas the the Wacom is a
professional tool there's a enormous
difference
you should check out when hub yes you
should you're gonna hear a lot more
about my startup when hub that allows
you to well I can show you I can show
you what it does let me show you see
oops
you win hub interface so here's what it
does if you can see this it says find an
exporter be an expert if you want to be
an expert it's as easy as just putting
in the keywords that you're an expert on
and saying whether you want to be paid
in our internal when tokens that can be
exchanged for cash on exchanges or in
dollars the advantage of dollars is that
it's instant and there's no fluctuation
but there's a 20 percent taken out of
that for the bank and for us whereas the
tokens the only cost would be if you
exchanged them on the exchange so that'd
be less than one percent friction on
that whereas the dollars have twenty
percent for profit and for banking fees
so if you want to find an expert it's
this easy you just put in your keyword
and then you just swipe through and say
oh here's an expert here's an expert
here's an expert and if I were to click
on one of these people I would be
connected to a video call and I would be
paying in this case the equivalent of
$20 per hour but I might only want 15
minutes of assistance so I'd only pay a
quarter of the hourly rate in this case
so imagine all the uses for that imagine
just people who need you to keep them
company people who need a counselor or
people who have PTSD and just want to
talk to somebody else who does
people who are trying to become
cartoonists and want to know what
equipment to use people who want to set
up a sling studio which is what you're
watching right now the equipment I'm
using is a sling studio so I've got
multiple cameras going for those just
joining
so let me change my camera angle so you
can see it working in real time so
that's moving to another camera and
gonna go back to the drawing board and
you should see that in a moment so
learning how to set up this setup it was
I think literally impossible without
talking to another human who had done it
and who knew how to do this sort of
thing and luckily I did all right that's
a bad looking line there
and let's say you wanted to split screen
and see me drawing at the same time you
see me from the other angle you create a
split screen save it and then move it
down there and the disadvantage with
this is I'll move this back in a minute
but the disadvantage is that I think the
comments will cover up me I think let's
check how that looks in periscope wait a
minute
why is periscope only giving me one look
you
looks like periscope is not working and
let's try this that should be working
yeah and let me check comments sound is
good is the sound of the stylus fake
noise it is not you think the sound of
the stylus is fake no I'm surprised you
could hear it
I looked really jaundice you can hear it
but you can't see the video right three
disconnects so you could actually hear
the stylist that's funny
can you tell me if you can see me moving
it's not frozen that's funny because
it's frozen on my own my own device how
about that oh it's working again I had
to reboot my own device
alright let's finish up this drawing
let's put a date on it and you were
wondering when will this appear this one
will repeat up here see this one will
run in newspapers and online 10 21 18
one of the weird skills you learn as a
cartoonist is writing in the wrong
direction so now I'm just looking for
any lines I might have missed so let's
take a look at this cartoon I need
someone to run some test scripts on the
new software I could do that my project
is on hold until the new hardware
arrives great I'll need you to run the
same tests on every version until the
final release and Dilbert says um I was
only volunteering to do it once it isn't
my job to do all the testing too late
you're the test script guy now you're
adding an entirely new job to my
existing job don't you want to be a team
player of course I do
good I just put you on the losing team I
make fun of team players a lot I'm gonna
save that now you probably wonder how do
I add the color to this I'm going to
change the camera for a moment that's
just so you don't see my computer screen
when I'm fussing with this so what I'm
going to do now is save this with a
different file name Dilbert volunteers
so I save one of them and black and
whites and then this next one is going
to be the actual one I colorize and then
I'll show you my screen in a minute I
just didn't want to see my whatever else
I got going on here
I know this part isn't interesting but
I'll be back to my screen in a moment so
I'm gonna find my color alright there it
is so I've got some standard colors that
I have in the separate file and I just
wanted to get that going
alright coming back now
I've prepped this file and saved it then
I'm gonna change its type first I'm
gonna get rid of all the words so I'm
getting rid of the text I'll show you
why later but for now I'm just going to
colorize this thing it's currently
grayscale I'm going to temporarily
change it to bitmap that flattens it and
then I'm going to change it back to
grayscale and then I'm going to change
it from there back to CMYK
all right and then I'm gonna use this
little bucket to colorize these these
cats see if you're still with me
anybody's still here don't see many
comments all right but the way it works
is now I can just touch the zones that I
want to be this color and you're
watching a process that used to take a
long time and now I literally just tap
the areas that are gonna be the same
color
why don't I have more people of color in
my con cartoon you're asking they all
seem to be these pale Caucasians and the
answer is because all of my characters
are flawed it's a dicey proposition for
me to do a somebody who's a different
ethnicity and build into the character
any fun flaws because if I do that I
look like the guy who thinks hey are you
saying all elbow nians are dumb or lazy
or whatever fly built into them and the
answer is no I'm just saying this
character is but you can't get away with
that in this world in this world we live
in
nobody can take a joke or at least one
third of the world can't then whoops
that's wrong
I think that's right check my colors
here what the hell was that all about
[Music]
don't forget the little areas
I tend to do these in whatever order I
feel like which is not very organized
but it requires less thinking I can use
my thinking for things I care about
the reason I do all the same colors at
once is that so I don't have to be
changing colors and going crazy and
thinking too hard it's just easier to do
all the same colors at the same time
then what color will I make this
computer about grey what color will his
screen be about blue what color will his
table be about something like that about
something with more contrast to his
pants
what about his chair I like dark color
chairs but not that color how about that
color so if anybody's seen how easy it
is to do my job you probably hate me
right now
I got a color color his tongue think he
only shows just on one more time then
let's do some floors so first I
highlight the floor area then I pick a
color that's relatively dark
find a dark that's got some gray and
then I'm gonna pick the gradient tool
and it fills in the floor with a little
bit of interesting texture I'm gonna
take a boring wall color stick it in
there
and then the wall in the hallway let's
make that same family but a different
color with a little bit of gradient so
it looks like there's a light source
coming from the hallway then I have no
idea if anybody is watching this by the
way it looks like the comment stopped
but let's see if so says there were
seven hundred fifty two people but I'm
seeing no comments on my screen I don't
know if you're seeing comments I think
I'll forge ahead as if there are
comments because I'm almost done
[Music]
take this color
let's green it up a little bit in case
you're wondering I do draw this building
every time I do it so even though I
don't have to because I could just cut
and paste it I like the fact that it
looks slightly different every time it's
part of the magic pick a dark color make
it look like there's a little something
going on then let's do the sky different
blue lighter now we got to do the
backgrounds that are compatible
so gonna do gonna do all the backgrounds
at the same time so I'm selecting all
these background spaces and then I've
got my color and then I put in the
gradient and then I'll just keep doing
that I have that gradient got all my
background colors you can see I forgot a
few colors so I'll go back and make sure
I got Dilbert's tongue inside of
Dilbert's mouth
and boss's pants whatever color that
ones
no just check my work looks good looks
good looks good looks good okay now
where are all the words you say well
they're coming back
moving into this camera for a minutes
and then we'll come back to the the main
camera in a moment I'm just looking for
something there it is
alright so here's the black and white
version here's the colorized version and
it was easier to take the the text out
when I was colorizing it because then I
could flatten the layers and the text
did not get flattened the reason we
don't want the text to be flattened is
that there are a lot there's lots of
editing hopefully not a lot but if my
editor sees a misspelled word or
something it's easier that they can edit
the text on their side so I make sure
that the text is a separate layer so
that my editor has access to that layer
so they can edit as they need so that's
what it looks like that is a finished
Dilbert comic
there it is and probably the total time
for writing that and for creating it was
two hours if you count no maybe a little
more two and a half hours and there it
is and it's ready for submission how do
I submit it well easily come back to
this camera all I do is drag it to a
file on my desktop and it ends up in New
York yet my syndication company and they
do the rest giving it to the world so
that's what it looks like I realized
that this was not like my normal
periscopes but I thought some people
would like to see what it looks like to
be a cartoonist let me see if there are
any more comments I lost the comments
for some reason I'm gonna I think I'll
sign off a periscope and then get back
in and see if the comments are there
yeah nope no comments that's probably a
bug I'll figure that out later but in
the meantime have a good Sunday
and let's see if I can turn this stuff
off