bump bump bump bump boom hey everybody
let's see if there's any news this
morning while you're all coming in here
while you're all grabbing your cups your
mugs etc there's only one story I want
to talk about today
well maybe I'll talk about the do the
deal oh my god I'm lucky I see you then
and there still miss reporting this fake
news about the Covington kids Wow so
let's do this allow us to enjoy the
simultaneous sip I hope you have your
your beverage I hope you've got your
thermos your Stein your chalice your cup
your mug I hope you're ready to raise it
to your lips and try to be for the
simultaneous up here it comes so
yesterday you know one of the big
stories was about how CNN and a lot of
the other mainstream media were feeling
bad because they had been taken in by
fake news from the BuzzFeed story
apparently because Muller denied the
story that was allegedly a leak and
people believed Muller over BuzzFeed so
BuzzFeed got a black eye so the big
story was about fake news everybody was
talking about oh we got fooled by fake
news that same day the biggest story
that wasn't about the the border the
biggest story that wasn't about the
border was another fake news and I
totally got taken by it so I'm gonna
give you an extended explanation slash
apology
I'll start by apologizing for everything
I said on periscope about the Covington
Catholic boys upon seeing new videos and
seeing different angles and seeing the
complete video and seeing the context
everything to CNN reported about this
was absolutely fake news
and not only was it fake news but it was
the worst kind like they didn't even get
the good guys and the bad guys right
it was as if they're confused you know
the the victim and well it wasn't it was
exactly that they did actually reverse
the victim and the and the perpetrators
so here's what they reported and here's
what I reacted to yesterday but here's
what didn't happen so the following is
the how it was reported which did not
happen that the report was that there
was there was protests there were some
teens from the Covington Catholic boy
school all boys of course and there were
some black protesters doing something
and when they started to have words the
Native American man who I thought was
awesome but no longer think that came
between them maybe de-escalated the
situation with his drum and then the you
know the and maybe the and then my
interpretation based on seeing it out of
context is that the Catholic boys were
being sort of I don't want to use the
same word I use yesterday but let's just
say they were kind of being jerks that
as it turns out when you see the full
video completely not what happened
completely not what happened
I just I just spent some time watching
the full video and that this video was
actually taken by apparently one of the
black protesters now I don't know
exactly what the black protesters were
what their association was they had big
beards and they were religious and they
had Bibles and they were spouting Bible
verses I think they had some kind of
Israel connection but they were here's
the part the CNN did not report are you
ready for this if you didn't hear this
part you did not hear this story and I
and again I'm reiterating that this is
from the video that the black Israelites
is that what they're called thank you
for that so if you didn't hear this now
this is from the video taken by the
black Israelites it's their video you
know somebody with a camera
and they're recording the black Israel
Israelites being flat-out racist
completely started everything they were
calling the other guys crackers and
their and the the main guy repeatedly
called the young men school shooters he
said I can tell by your eyes you're all
school shooters you don't see black kids
being school shooters it's all your
white kids totally racist but then it
gets better
and again you did not see this reported
anywhere at CNN I'm pretty sure then the
black Israelites start saying bad things
about Democrats and about the Clintons
in particular so there's an extended
piece where they're complaining about
the racist Democrats you didn't see that
let's see an nvidia that did maybe they
leave that out it was an extended part
where they ranted on in several
occasions they ranted about racist
Democrats now they were also talking
about Trump supporters because the kids
had hats on but believe me these these
protesters were anti white and I'm not
that's not an interpretation by the way
so what I'm saying is not my
interpretation of what they were they
were overt they were overtly anti white
and and and said so in many ways during
the the event so there's no ambiguity
about that they were they were flat-out
racist and they weren't trying to hide
it that was in fact their message their
message was racist but it gets better
are you ready for this it gets better
they were also anti-gay and they were
calling calling
they used anti-gay slurs they used anti
gay extended extended insults not just
somebody yelled something but it was
part of their core message was anti-gay
and I'm not talking about like I heard
like some little snippet of something
I'm not saying one person yelled
something I'm saying that the main guy
supported by the rest of them who was
doing most of the talking for the black
Israelites
was overtly and it was part of their
core message that being gay was wrong
and bad etc now the moment that the the
black Israelite said the anti-gay stuff
the reaction of the Catholic school boys
was in unison oh basically they were
pushing they were pushing it back
against an anti-gay sentiment did you
hear that in the reporting did you hear
that the the Covington Catholic boys
spontaneously and unanimously pushed
back against an anti-gay statement in
public completely they were offended
there were like whoa you know too far
dude right I made up that statement but
that's basically what you saw then there
was the and and and then you saw the
they did a cheer and stuff but the the
boys were mostly just having fun and
they were a respectful pretty far
distance around the black Israelites who
continued their patter their their
racist patter and you heard actually you
actually heard one of the boys say to
the black Israelites that the black
Israel were being racist actually saying
they were being racist because they were
being racist and again that's not an
interpretation they were saying loudly
racist things they were saying crackers
and white people and white people are
bad at cetera it was overt you didn't
see any of that in CNN the there was no
point in the extended video and remember
the video is taken from the point of
view of the black Israelites it's their
video there was nothing that looked
dangerous or threatening even though
there were a lot of them they were all
smiling they were sort of engaged in the
free speech they were listening they
didn't look angry they didn't look
belligerent there was not I didn't see
one not even one example of a kid who
crossed the line looked like he was
going to try to do something and of
course in trouble nothing they were all
well behaved they were
just you know sort of into the moment
and into the free-speech and into the
the fact that everybody was there and
newer cameras and stuff so they were
into it but none of it looked bad or
dangerous right
so that so part of what CNN reported was
that there might have been you know
maybe they were getting into it I will
tell you that the black Israelites armed
themselves they actually got weapons and
we're trying to cause trouble that look
like it looked like they were trying to
invite or cause a physical altercation
or at least they were ready for it
the but the the the school boys
apparently had nothing like that in mind
if you just base it on what they were
doing you know not their inner thoughts
here's the next thing that was
misreported so you probably saw a
million times the video of a sea of red
megawhatts sort of you know being at a
stalemate with the Native American with
the drum right but did you know that
there were very few Maggi hats in that
entire crowd there happened to be a
number of them in that very limited
scene but if you see the whole crowd you
only see a sprinkling of a few red hats
maybe 10% so did you know that only 10%
of a very large crowd had those red hats
you didn't know that did you you
probably thought they all had those hats
on totally fake news then what was the
role of the date of American the Native
American as CNN reported it sort of came
between the two groups to maybe you know
defuse it and and stop trouble
definitely that didn't happen he did
come between them but he was just sort
of doing his own thing the guy with the
drum was actually causing trouble he was
not looking to stop it he was very he
was very obviously looking to cause
trouble
so the Native American old guy we do not
give him any credit anymore he was a
troublemaker and he probably he looked
like he was escalating the situation not
I heard the escalating so I would say we
cannot be happy about him all right he
did something that could have been
dangerous by going right up to him now
it was all so obvious and I think this
was reported by one of the one of the
kids who was there who said that the the
school kids didn't quite know what the
Native American guy was up to because it
was sort of a random thing that happened
like suddenly somebody a Native American
garb walks up to you beat in the drum
and at first it's obvious that they
thought there was all part of the fun
and the yeah as he's beating the drum
they were chanting and stuff but it
wasn't really against them you know
wasn't anti a Native American or
anything they were just sort of dancing
around because he was dancing cramped so
they were having fun but not quite
knowing even why he was there or what he
was doing now he was trying the drummer
was trying to get in the faces and he
was the what the drummer is the one who
approached he wasn't the one who was
surrounded he would he was the the
active one he went up to the crowd and
got in the faces of the teens now here's
the part that really sold the fake news
the teens did not back up in fact I
think one of them you know was even
stepped forward and made it clear to the
guy with the drum that they just weren't
going to be intimidated and they weren't
even bothered by it and and so if you
see it if you see that clip now now that
I've given you give the context that the
kids who said no bad things that I heard
and and I heard a lot of video and I
hear it I didn't hear any chanting I
didn't hear any bad stuff I didn't hear
anybody say build the wall I didn't hear
any of that but I did hear the black
Israelite racists and anti the
homophobes the anti-gay black activists
said lots of things that were just
horrible that you would never see on CNN
so it looked like through the entire
event that the kids as a group were well
behaved they avoided trouble they
were against racism and said so and they
were very against the anti-gay sentiment
coming from the black protestors the
black Israelite protestors and said so
but respectfully they they didn't come
toward them they didn't try to cause
trouble they had smiles on their face
they were not they did not have
threatening demeanors whatsoever
whatsoever so and the here's the way CNN
is still reporting it this morning
this is their their page teens and make
America great again hats 22 Native
American elder at the Lincoln Memorial
absolutely what didn't happen that that
Native American elder got in their faces
and they simply didn't walk away that's
it they they they were literally smiling
they didn't cause trouble they didn't
escalate they simply just didn't walk
away that is not a problem indeed if you
have this many boys I'm gonna go full
180 on you all right this is this is
this is this is the most complete
apology you're ever gonna see from
anybody I could not have been more wrong
about this group of kids because this
group of kids kept their composure
stayed on the right side of every issue
avoided trouble and never lost their
smiles I'm gonna I'm gonna say I'm you
know congratulations to the school that
that raised these kids their parents
apparently they did a good job these
were pretty good kids now I still think
it was a mistake for them to wear their
magda hats in public because you know
that's going to cause trouble and it
probably did so I think it was a mistake
to wear the hats in public when it could
have caused some trouble and it's lucky
that there were so many of the so many
of them because I think that you reduced
the chance a buddy was going to take a
run at him because
just so many of them so that was a
mistake and you know I'm not gonna gloss
over that in terms of the safety of the
kids forget about forget about free
speech forget about you know those
things those are all good but you're
talking about minors and when a minor is
going into public and you're the parent
you don't really send them out you know
you try to stop them if they're going
out into a situation that's
unambiguously dangerous so I think maybe
somebody should stop them from wearing
the hats but on the other hand but on
the other hand free speech right could a
school tell a kid not to have a
political message on their clothing if
the political message is a mainstream
message Republican versus Democrat it's
a mainstream message and it was a public
place where people go to express their
politics so if there was one place it
should be okay to wear a hat for any
political person who's a legitimate you
know leader in the country that should
have been the place so I'm not going to
say that in you know that this
particular situation is as bad as
somewhere else they might have worn the
Hat you can imagine much worse places so
still I think it may may have
contributed so that is my complete
apology to the Covington Catholic school
if the administrators are watching any
of this in my opinion you should Pat
yourselves on the back it looks like you
did a good job raising some kids and the
black Israelite racists and homophobes
who will never be mentioned by CNN
apparently were horrible people and we
should keep that in mind and the Native
American was a troublemaker and he could
have caused a lot of a lot of danger so
luckily the Covington Catholic school
boys did not take the bait and did not
step up to the trouble that
both of those entities were trying to
create alright yes of course miners have
the right of full free speech but adults
have a responsibility to keep them safe
until they're 18 and they can make their
own terrible decisions why should they
not wear a maganet
i don't know how more clearly I can say
this it's completely their right this
was a place where people were doing free
speech stuff so if there's one place you
should be able to wear it it would be
there but it is unambiguously dangerous
so as long as you know what you're
getting it's a free country
and if what if what you're getting is
somebody might kick your ass
just know what the trade-off is mrs.
pence needs to be apologized to I don't
know what that's about so we'll see you
then retract and from the hole no see
you then will not retract that but up
but I'm pretty sure that Fox News is
going to be dancing all around on this
today
do you imagine how happy the people in
fact that fox news are today so first of
all you know BuzzFeed fools everybody
with his fake news they're still
stinging from being caught in the with
their hand than the fake news cookie jar
and then they follow it up with just a
horrible fake news I mean this is fake
news that actually damages the lives of
children think about this CNN and you
know they actually fooled me into being
one of their winged monkeys and you know
doing their evil bidding for them
yesterday which is what I'm apologizing
for today but they actually may have
ruined the lives of some of these kids
because they'll become well-known for
this they'll probably get published some
of them they might even get expelled
think about that some of those kids
might get expelled for doing nothing but
going to a public place and smiling
basically
all right so I deleted my parents go
from yesterday which is a shame because
I like the rest of it I just didn't want
to keep that up there because it was
inappropriate given the new context but
what was I talking about yesterday so
let's talk about the president's offer
I'll just hit that again for those of
you didn't see it so the president shook
the box and added some variables to his
border often offer I think it puts the
Democrats on the defensive because now
it's clear that one of them is trying to
get something done and has put enough
variables on the table that there's
something to talk about when the
Democrats say that's a non-starter it's
harder for them to say that if they had
said the wall is a non-starter and
that's the only issue they had a strong
case a lot of people don't like a wall
but once you throw in daca once once you
say that you're open to making a larger
deal that also opens it up for the
Democrats if the Democrats wanted a
larger deal that would help in a variety
of ways for dreamers and daca and all
that the door is now open
the president opened the door for them
to negotiate for things they want which
Republicans might actually be okay with
you know in a compromised situation so
at this point if you were anybody who's
let's say has a strong interest in this
whether you're an undocumented immigrant
or whatever you have to see that the
Democrats are the ones not negotiating
now they're the ones that are
essentially the keeping the government
closed right now now this is again is
just a battle of impressions right it's
not about truth in any sense it's about
the the public relations battle but I
think the president went from a weak
position of hey give me a wall and the
Democrats just saying no those immoral
walls we don't want that
he has now put them on the defensive by
broadening the conversation to other
areas of immigration they can - this
would be the time to do it it's
basically an invitation somebody says
it's a fake offer that's what all fit
first offers are all first offers are
fake offers so saying it's a fake offer
is just saying it's the first offer you
know you don't expect anybody to take
the first deal you do expect that now
that you've opened the the field that
the other side knows what you know that
they have the same right to add stuff in
there and see if they can get something
done so I think he takes the advantage
with this and the sow is a good move and
as I said yesterday his his
naturalization ceremony he did before
his speech was politically in persuasion
wise brilliant because either four or
five of the people that he swore in to
become citizens in the United States
were people of color and was one or two
a woman I can't remember but the the
optics of it and his obvious what seemed
to be a genuine affection and respect
for these people that he swore in to
become citizens and said welcome to the
team essentially look genuine now who
knows what anybody's thinking in their
private thoughts but it looked in Ewan
you know front as an observer it seemed
very legitimate and that was a great
context for talking about the border
because it it tries to take off the
table at least a little bit the idea
that it's for racist purposes and he's
trying to reframe it as it's about the
law it's about having a process at
cetera and that really reinforced it
pretty well naturally the Democrats had
prejudged his speech to be a non-starter
which reveals them to be the non
legitimate players in this drama
the president has showed that he is
willing to negotiate
they've shown that they're not willing
to negotiate no matter what and that
gives him the advantage now I had said
yesterday he shouldn't negotiate against
himself which is just make a better
offer so if he had said well I was first
asking for a 5.7 billion and you said no
but how about 4 billion that would be a
negotiating mistake because you're just
negotiating against yourself the other
side hasn't even made an offer yet he
has instead now by adding variables and
kind of shaking the box he's got what
you might call a new first offer the 5.7
billion stayed the same as it should at
this stage of the negotiations and he's
added other variables which he's not
giving up too much because the things
he's adding are the things that you
probably would have been ok with in any
kind of a larger deal so I think he
takes the advantage now and we'll see if
the public and the media reports it that
way but that's the way it feels that he
has now the public relations advantage
now one thing that still is problematic
and maybe always will be is that when
the president describes the variety of
border solutions which he explicitly
says might be a little bit of wall here
you know in terms of the steel slats but
lots of places will not be you know
specifically a wall it could be some
fence could be some waters could be some
mountains or whatever and but but he
says that which is what everybody
believes to be true it'll be different
solutions across the border and then he
then he labels that the wall now he's
trying to have it both ways he's trying
to have good border security in a
variety of ways but also at the end of
it is clear he's setting it up to still
be able to say but I told you I'd get a
wall and I got a wall even if some of it
is is wire fence and sensors and stuff I
feel that that probably worked against
him so I'm not sure I would have done
that
I think his better play at this point
would just be say
to say explicitly let's just not call it
a wall anymore
let's just stop using the word the
strongest thing he could do at this
point is to say I'll tell you what I you
know from now until the time we get
something done I'm just not even gonna
use the word anymore because you seem to
be objecting to the word here would be
an interesting way to frame it for the
president to say it seems that your
problem is not about the politics
anymore oh I'm sorry it's not about that
solution anymore you've moved from the
solution and and you've become obsessed
with the the word now they can be
obsessed with that word because he is as
long as he's still obsessed with his
word
it's got to be called the wall even if
it's not technically a wall like as long
as he's stuck in that word that they can
be too if and I don't know that this is
likely but if he were to put a
self-imposed moratorium and I think he'd
have to actually say it that he's just
not going to use the word and because
the word itself is becoming the problem
we're not even talking about budget
anymore we're not talking about what's
the best engineering solution we're not
even talking about that anymore
we're literally down to a word 800,000
Americans are not getting a paycheck
today because of a word and I would say
the president has to take that on
himself right I'm not gonna say it's
blame or not blame but I think
responsibility wise he has to recognize
that a complicated a very complicated
situation has boiled down to literally a
word and he's the only one who can
change that situation nobody else has
the power to take the power out of that
word the president has paste and lead
paste and lead his side for so long that
he now has the freedom to deactivate
that word he's the only one who can do
it
he built it right he's the one who
created a like a nuclear bomb of a word
the word wall it's sort of the if you
had to if you had to pick one word that
become like a nuclear weapon it's the
word wall only the president can defuse
it the other side doesn't have the power
they don't have the skill they don't
have the power that it's not really even
their responsibility they don't have the
ability to deactivate the bomb only the
president and the other side is looking
at this bomb at least psychologically
it's a bomb in their head and they're
saying we can't even deactivate that if
we tried and it's in the way only one
person can deactivate it it's the person
who built it it would be President Trump
now would he ever deactivate the bomb he
built the you could argue that's the
bomb that got him elected right build
the wall was a pretty big part of the
you know the appeal of his candidacy but
he has taken us from an uneducated point
here's a really important point in it
right when all of us started this
conversation about the border and build
the wall how many of you knew much about
the border some of you right maybe 2% of
us actually knew something about the
border now you know two three years of
going by how much do all of us know
about the border situation now it's a
lot right you know you know for example
that the cartels stopped using tunnels
did you know that the cartels don't use
tunnels they used to but we got better
at stopping the tunnels and they're kind
of expensive to build
so they mostly use you know fishing
ships and cars going through the borders
and stuff we've learned a lot about the
actual physical geography of the border
we've learned about Israel's wall we
know more about it we've learned about
using sensors we've developed
technologies for drones so we were we
were way over here as a public about
understanding the border when we were
all uneducated about the
border keeping us simple was actually
probably a good thing to do because if
you know if people don't understand the
complexity you simplify and you say we
need a wall so perfectly good persuasion
given how much we do but the president
whether intentionally or accidentally
part of the the side effect of the trump
presidency is that we're becoming
educated on things we never knew we even
needed to know about now we all
understand at the border situation and I
would I would say that a hundred percent
of Trump supporters have now been
educated to the point that maybe a wall
like structure makes sense in a place
like El Paso where there's a population
on both sides to the wall but it
probably doesn't make sense says
everyone literally everyone agrees on
this it doesn't make sense in some hard
to get across area like a mountain or a
river or something so now that weirdly
the public has all on one side did you
ever think that would happen this is the
weirdest situation the public started
being completely on other sides about
the wall and except for a few you know
open border fringe types if you maybe
people didn't keep up with the the
education we all got but mostly at least
80% of both sides have met in the middle
already the public has already
negotiated the border security the
public is finished am I wrong I think
your degree right the public on both
sides have have already met in the
middle we've already read this you know
we don't know if three billion or five
billion right number that's for the
experts so we don't have an opinion on
that right I don't think that there's
anybody who's just a citizen a voter who
says oh I think it's three point five
billion five point seven is way too much
we don't know we would rely I think all
of us both sides would rely on the
experts to say what is that right number
it's not so big that you know we need to
get involved right
we don't agree on the budget I'm sorry
we don't disagree on the budget and we
also don't disagree actually tunnels are
rare now according to the the the trial
of El Chapo so the El Chapo trial taught
us something that we didn't know as
voters we didn't know that the tunnel
the tunnel situation went from a problem
to not much of a problem that's
something we learned recently it's not
as much of a problem and we also have
better tunnel detection technologies
which is why it why the the cartels
stopped using it as much yeah there was
I'm not saying it'll ever go to zero but
it's it's a bad economic choice and but
anyway listen let's stop talking about
tunnels okay I don't want to have to
explain the concept of friction again
people will go where it's easiest to go
if you make tunnels hard there will be
fewer of them but there will never be
zero if you're arguing that we should
have zero people coming across the
border then you're not part of the
productive conversation all you can do
is slow them down
so that it's easier to control it it's
all about slowing down that's all the
border can do a border with the tunnel
still works if you don't understand that
let me say as clearly as possible for
the people who seem still confused a
solid border this that has people
tunneling under it is completely working
that is a successful border a wall with
a tunnel is a successful border because
if a lot of people use the tunnel would
be easy to detect probably the cartels
don't want to have a bunch of people
coming through their tunnel because
there are all witnesses what kind of
crime syndicate builds a you know a ten
million dollar tunnel because it's
probably pretty hard to build those
tunnels or they're fairly sophisticated
what kind of cartel wants to spend all
their money building a tunnel and then
put a bunch of immigrants through it
every one of them becoming a witness to
where the tunnel
think of your economics that would be
bad economics if you're the cartel you
would only use the tongue for your drugs
and you would only let the people who
really you know just a few people you
trust who are part of the cartel should
be the only ones who'd know where that
tunnel is because it would be bad
economics to let you even one immigrant
into a tunnel because he gets out the
other side and he's free in the country
and he knows where your damn tunnel is
that would be the dumbest thing in the
world you would never let an immigrant
use a cartel tunnel you get that right
the the pure economics and risk
management which we know the cartels are
good at they're good at risk management
that's what they do for a living right
they're not gonna let average people go
through their tunnel and then come out
the other side as witnesses hey it was a
good good tunnel you know look tunnel
over there that's not going to happen so
we know border security works anyway the
public is met in the middle the public
already knows that the engineers should
decide where you put what they don't
care about the amount of the budget both
Democrats and Republicans agree that you
need some kind of you know engineered
solution and that we might have to do a
little trial in there to get there it's
only the politicians who are who are on
who are at odds only the politicians and
there are probably only at odds at this
point because of one word that the
president is holding on to the word wall
I submit to you that even Ann Coulter
doesn't care about the word I know
that's a big claim and Ann Coulter is
the the number one anti-immigration
voice probably on the right and more
extreme than the president by far and I
can't I can't read her mind so I'm not
gonna you know I'm not gonna say I know
her inner thoughts but just to make my
point I doubt she cares that it's a
physical you know big concrete structure
the entire length of the border I doubt
that in a private moment she would say
yes yes has to be the
I don't think so I think she would like
everyone else would just want the best
engineered solution for the best cost I
think everybody would agree on that so
the president having now pasted his
public to trust him that he is trying to
get an effective order situation they do
trust him when you say well let me ask
you that in my opinion Trump's supporter
trusts him that if he were to change it
from a concrete wall to a steel wall to
his sensors or some smart solution there
his I believe that the people he's been
pacing and and leading I think they
would say okay just do what makes sense
there's nobody on the Republican side
who is going to override an engineer's
decision it's just not gonna happen I
mean some people will disagree with
anything but but the the larger group of
Republicans if the president came out
and said look here's what it looks like
I talked to the engineers and they say
put this here this year this year and
most of it is not a wall let's say it
came from the president what would his
supporters say about that would they say
hey we're not engineers but we think the
engineers got it wrong I don't think so
I don't think anybody does that I think
they say oh you you want good border
security we know that like nobody doubts
President Trump on the single question
do you want good border security if he
can deliver it in some form the engineer
say yeah that makes sense
that's a that's a good engineering
solution his side's on it so we're down
to one word we'll get rid of the racist
goodbye racist Trump can only get
reelected if he refuses all amnesty etc
I doubt it
you so somebody made a I guess I call it
a prediction that a prediction that if
the president granted any kind of
amnesty
that he could not get reelected I don't
think that's necessarily the case I
think that he would lose some people and
gain others because the wall was such a
divisive divisive thing that if you take
that off the table I think some
Democrats might take a second look at
him while at the same time you would
lose some hard core for folks on the
right now if you're a Democrat and
you're let's say you're a Democrat and
you you're you're kind of liking some of
the things Trump is doing let's say
you're liking that he wants to get out
of Wars you're liking the economy is
going well you're liking unemployment
your liking prison reform so let's say
you you know you can't you you feel like
you can't join the Magga team so to
speak because you're sort of a Democrat
but you're liking some of the things
he's doing the thing you don't like is
the racist story that's been you know
chind up by the media and and your side
bought into if that's the part you don't
like about him and I would argue that's
the primary thing that keeps people from
wanting to change size in this case the
fact that he would grant some kind of
let's say let's say he he was in favor
of some kind of a good solution for the
people who are already here let's say he
was a little more flexible about that I
think that just works against the racist
narrative and so he might attract as
many people is he lost it's hard to know
the the given to take for that how is
Trump racist well I'm not making that
claim I'm saying that the the mainstream
media has painted that narrative by the
way what what happens to them you know
if if you're a if you're a Democrat
weren't anti Trump of any kind and you
think he's a big ol racist and you watch
the naturalization ceremony if you did
you know if you watch that that which is
the most
unambiguously non-racist thing anybody
could do you know if you were a real
racist you just wouldn't plan that you
just wouldn't have that ceremony
you know because nobody nobody nobody
was talking about him having a
naturalization ceremony of of people of
color in the Oval Office for the first
time in in least memory that we can
figure out nobody told him he had to do
that so so somebody say most racists to
hide their racism now let's follow your
point a racist who's hiding their racism
they just don't bring up the topic right
yeah or if they do they'll they'll give
the answer to the topic it's very
unusual for an actual racist and fact
check beyond this right I'm going to say
something I've never said before so you
know maybe it won't go down well but an
actual racist doesn't look for places to
promote the people he's racist against
when he doesn't need to in other words
this naturalization ceremony was his own
idea or his own team and he bought into
it so it's very rare to the point of I
would say you'll never see it that an
actual racist let's say David Duke do
you think David Duke will ever do some
kind of a public event that is you know
in favor of brown people
- baby hide his racism no no do you
think that any actual racist ever in the
history of the world will will go out of
their way to hold an event to praise and
honor the people that they actually hate
when they don't need to nobody asks them
to do it it's just their own idea
probably never probably not one time in
the history of the world does that ever
happen so when you're watching the
president initiate a respectful
honorable you know clear message of
inclusivity and patriotism when you see
them do that
he didn't need to do any of that you
can't really do that stuff well you can
but you just wouldn't you simply
wouldn't do that if in your heart you
didn't like these people you just
wouldn't do it but fact check me on that
does that statement sound unreasonable
Hitler was praising Einstein there is no
situation where a Hitler Hitler analogy
doesn't work when he'll are praised
Einstein I don't know I just can't take
seriously any any killer analogies
alright that's enough for today I think
I think we've said enough let's see how
CNN treats this Covington Catholic boys
school thing today and I'll talk to you
later