going to be an amazing
Saturday seems like all the stars are
lining
up could be the best show you've ever
[Music]
seen good morning everybody and welcome
to the highlight of human civilization
it's called coffee with Scott Adams and
you've never had a better time but if
you'd like to take it up the levels then
nobody can even comprehend with their
tiny shiny human brains all you need for
that is a cup or a mug or a glass a
tankered cheler Stein a canteen Jugger
Flex a vessel of any kind they're eating
the dogs they're eating the cats they're
eating the dogs just had to add that
join me now for the unparallel pleasure
the dopamine hit of the day the thing
that makes everything better it's called
the simultaneous
and you're here for It
Go such pleasure well there's a new
study about coffee are you surprised
there's always a new study about coffee
and this time according to the Indian
Express that coffee is a repository of
antioxidants and uh the more you drink
the better your skin looks that's right
those who drink black coffee don't crack
no wrinkles that's why I look so smooth
don't I totally smooth it's all the
coffee I used to be full of wrinkles but
I drank coffee until they went away no
it's not true that's not true I rubbed
it on my body until it went
away by the way it reminds me of my
favorite Arnold shener
story when he was uh first coming up and
everybody could see that he was the star
and he started winning things and he'd
go to the gym and the young guys would
be like what's your secret what's your
secret and people ask them so often that
he started to carry a little bottle of
oil with him and it was just motor oil
it literally was motor oil and and he'd
say he' take it out of his bag and he'
say if you rub this on your muscles and
don't wash it off you know leave it on
there for 24
hours it'll make you stronger make your
muscles grow or something and and so he
would get these young guys in the gym to
take a bottle of motor oil rub it all
over their body and leave it on for a
day and then later he tell him was a
joke that's one of the best stories I
hope it's true but I think Arnold tells
that
story well anyway only fans brought in
1.7 billion dollar more than the entire
cumulative NBA salaries so that so the
creators on this is just not the owner
but the creators brought in more money
than the NBA at least the
players now uh there's some one Creator
who brought in $26 million a year or 65
million a year or something so some of
the money is just crazy but here is my
prediction before the internet you were
lucky to find anybody in your little
town who was willing to give you a baby
and spend time with you so you marry
that person and you'd be happy with it
you didn't even have to be in love it
just had to make
sense so you know that potentially could
be a stable situation even if it's not
ideal but once you have the internet and
everybody can find everybody no matter
where they're
hiding it kind of makes sense that we
would turn into
Herms and we have so for example if if
you're an only fans creater and you're a
woman you have thousands of men who are
sexually satisfying
themselves to one person the same person
that's a
harm and they don't have better options
because the people around them are
saying are you over six feet tall do you
make six figures and they're all
sleeping
with what somebody who also has a heram
so the top you know I don't know 5% or
1% a man have unlimited options because
all the women want the top one or 5% so
they basically have virtual Herms that
are changing over all the time but the
women too that they're just going on
only fans and they create their own
Herms what about the ones who are not
doing any of those things well they're
either completely
sexless or they're going from one you
know incomplete bad situation for to
another but basically the world has just
figured out that uh I think men have
gotten to the point maybe 80% of them
that they'd rather beat off to a woman
that they see on a digital thing every
now and then because it feels better
than the relationship they could get in
the real
world
now that's just an observation I'm not
even saying you know how it should be
different or you know what people should
be doing with their life I don't have
any advice I'm just saying that we've
evolved into a essentially a
Herm
civilization but at least it's fair men
and women have their own Herms just
differently well here's some news from
AI Google's Deep Mind taught a robot how
to tie a shoelace now if you don't think
that sounds impressive consider that
whenever you see a robot doing something
it seems to be using one hand at a time
it doesn't do a lot of things where both
hands are coordinated but imagine tying
a
shoelace if your robot can tie a
shoelace that's pretty close to doing
everything you're going to need it to do
um so it can do that and clean the
kitchen and so it did about 98% of the
things I wanted it to do but the two-and
coordination thing is the one that that
impressed me so if you can get your
robot to do two-handed coordination
the time between now and the time that
you will have a full robot tennis
partner literally a tennis partner a
robot who can serve and hit the ball
back is probably five
years yeah it might have more to do with
you know battery life and a little
mechanical stuff to make sure the robot
doesn't you know doesn't fall over but
they're pretty much there so if it's
coordinated with two hands and has
Vision I'm pretty sure that a robot can
play tennis like legitimately play
tennis you like hit every ball back in
less than five years but it could be a
year we might be one year away from a
tennis playing robot I'm going to get
one well we've been hearing for years
that geothermal energy could be the big
thing but it never is so geothermal is
basically a two or three mile hole in
the ground where if you go deep enough
the Earth is super hot the waterers down
there is super hot and you can use that
super hot water to create energy or warm
your house or whatever but it's very
expensive to drill a two mile deep Pole
or three miles uh however turns out that
at least one company forvo energy is
it's a Texas um startup or upstart they
call it an upstar I don't know maybe
it's been around a while but uh they're
using
fracking so the analogy was made that uh
in the oil business when the idea of
fracking first came up everybody said
that'll never work you crazy Bastard
with your fracking get out of here but
apparently there was one entrepreneur
who made fracking practical and then
once it was practical everybody had to
run and get some but the same thing's
happening with geothermal there's a
fracking like technology
that's being employed that if it works
could be a complete GameChanger for
thermal energy and unlike oil where you
have to be in a certain place to you
know get it you could put a hole in the
ground in a lot more places so a hole in
the ground as your energy source it's
just the cost of the hole and they may
have done they may be on the verge of
having this enormous economic
breakthrough in building a hole
and using fracking to to in some way
anyway there's a saw the announcement
that a uh company called Bots
Inc and what do they do they make uh
Bots I guess blockchain and Robotics
technology so the Robotics and
blockchain I don't know what the
blockchain has to do with the robotics
but uh they announced that they're going
to use grock as their
president so rather than having a human
president they're going to use AI and
they chose
grock now do you know what the hidden
secret story behind this story
is I'm pretty sure I might be wrong but
I'm pretty sure this is the company that
had one time announced that they were
going to build their robots or their Ai
and the robot was going to be based on
my
personality like literally they named me
uh because I had said publicly anybody
who wants to you know use my personality
for a it' be a good idea and you have
full rights so they had actually planned
to do that and they were going to make
their their robot basically my
personality now after I got cancelled
I'm pretty sure they changed those plans
because they don't talk about that
anymore and I don't blame them but they
do say that their robots going to be a
sort of a casual funny robot and I say
to myself I wonder if the only only
thing they changed about my personality
was my voice because all you'd have to
do is change my voice and nobody nobody
would recognize it as anybody's specific
personality but it would still have
one so I have some curiosity and by the
way it's completely authorized if they
want to use my personality and put it in
the robot and not not give me credit in
any way totally okay I'm okay with that
so we'll see
there's a study written about in Sai
post that says at least with mice if the
grandfather mouse works out and then
there's two generations of mouse mouses
mice that follow that the grandchild
Mouse will have better cognitive
abilities because the grandfather worked
out so the more exercise the grandfather
mouse got at as each generation was born
the the grandchild generation was cogn
cognitively
Superior uh in much the way that the
grandparent became by exercising because
exercise is good for your cognition I
guess now suppose I got replicated in
humans where you would know that if you
exercised efficiently your grandkids
would be smarter and more
successful it's not confirmed Med with
humans but if it worked in
mice there's a good chance there's a
good chance and to me this uh if it's
true it raises the possibility that one
of the weirdest things I've ever thought
about Evolution might be true this is
just for fun by the way so you don't
need to you don't need to jump on me for
my lack of scientific understanding this
is just for fun I'm not trying to change
anybody's minds but I've always said to
myself if evolution is indeed the
explanation of how we got here and if
we're a simulation it's not but uh if it
is I've never quite bought the fact that
you could get all the way here with
nothing
but um the survivors you know the
survivors have qualities that get passed
on it didn't seem like enough I
obviously it's part of it it would
certainly be part of it might be most of
it but I always had this
assumption that what what you want the
most when you're alive might get passed
down to your children and actually might
Express itself eventually
genetically so if you can do something
as in your lifetime that changes the
permanent I don't know if it's genetic
or chemical structure of a
grandchild that would suggest that what
you wanted
creates evolution in other words your
mental state would be The Driver of your
Evolution because you'd want to be
healthy so you would exercise and that
wanting for yourself to be healthy gets
passed down to the Next Generation so in
a sense you could say well it's the
exercise that caused the grandkids to be
smarter but you don't exercise unless
you decided to and you said I would be a
better creature whether I'm a better
mouse or a better human if I exercised
so your desire to
exercise could get translated into your
actions which get translated into
changing the I don't know if it's
genetic or just chemical structure of
the grandkids so it's just kind of
interesting that maybe you can will your
way into evolution in some special
cases just for fun that was all right
United Airlines is going to add starlink
Wi-Fi to all its planes might be the end
of 2025 when they have it done have you
have any of you had this uh experience
where you take a long flight over water
where they don't typically have Wi-Fi
and you think to
yourself I'm in the air in this device
and I'm in the oldest technology
possible the plan's 30 years old and it
doesn't have Wi-Fi because it's over the
ocean it just feels so
barbaric and if I were going to um if I
were going to buy stock in estate I
would buy stock in Hawaii because if you
fly from the west coast to Hawaii you
spend five or six hours without
Wi-Fi which is crazy in today's modern
world but if you gave me Wi-Fi I
wouldn't even mind the 5-Hour flight I
just get some work done and I'd
entertain myself and it'd be great so my
my uh say my enthusiasm to visit Hawaii
would go
up
30% by taking the pain of the flight
away that's a pretty big change in my
mind maybe you too I have a theory about
the pyramids you want to hear it I
watched a show on YouTube I don't know
if any of it's true but apparently
there's some pottery from the ancient
Egyptians that could not have been made
by ancient Egyptians because the ancient
Egyptian tools were softer than the pop
and the pots were made to machine
Precision Way Beyond anything that any
ancient could have made and some of the
thinking is that the ancient Egyptians
didn't make them that they just still
had them and that there was some of the
pottery was made with rocks that are so
hard that they would last basically
forever and so they just had them from
some previous civilization there was
just left over from another civilization
that knew how to make them
and apparently the pottery from Egypt
got less
Advanced uh every
year which would suggest and you you've
probably heard lots of speculation about
this that the pyramids were not built by
the
Egyptians just like the pottery might
not have been built by the Egyptians but
rather the Egyptians may have inherited
you know this leftover stuff from some
Advanced civilization so now I'm going
to give you my theory about why the
pyramids exist and I don't know if
you've heard this one it's just
speculation it's yeah it's not based on
much so here's my hypothesis I put
myself in the place of the early
civilization so let's say you were an
advanced civilization but you were
isolated and the rest of the world were
barbarians and you also knew that your
time was limited could be that I don't
know maybe you had some disease that was
killing you all maybe The Barbarians
were outnumbering you and even with your
advanced technology you knew you
couldn't hold them off you're going to
get destroyed so you reached a point in
your in your civilization where you knew
you couldn't last but you wanted to tell
future Generations forever that you had
once been
great so you build a structure that
can't be missed will never be buried in
sand cannot be destroyed by floods or
water and will will be there in 10,000
years so you build a pyramid the most
sturdy structure you could ever imagine
building because the wind can't blow it
over hurricanes can't hurt it probably
water if the Sphinx was there before
the hold
on weird I I have a video queued up that
just start itself for no
reason anyway um so my theory is that
the ancient Advanced civilization wanted
wanted to not be forgotten so they build
something that would Outlast
them I just throw throw that in the
minut uh X is shutting down its a
headquarters in San Francisco which used
to be the headquarters of Twitter and uh
Elon mus not so happy with California
and is done that building is now or or
at least the people the business part of
it is of San
Francisco um Brazil do you remember it
froze the assets of starlink because it
was mad at X they those two companies
are not related except that musk owns
both they were trying to punish X and to
do that they froze the assets of
Starling in Brazil uh but they released
the assets of starlink after they stole
$3.3 million which was owed by the other
company so they they find X for what
they claim to be you know information
related stuff guess and uh but they took
the money from a completely different
company
Brazil what the hell is wrong with
you I you've become I don't even know
what Brazil is anymore is it just some
weird third world dictator
country that's not even trying to be you
know the play fair with the rest of the
world so improve your game
Brazil um Trump was in h Nevada and he
told them of his idea to make federal
land available to build Hollywood like
studios in Nevada to put the real
Hollywood in California on a business
now I love that idea I I don't know if
I'd put odds on it happening but if he
did make uh land available he would make
a federal land available for that as
well as his idea of building futuristic
cities which I still think is among the
best ideas of all time it's not just one
of the best Trump ideas it's just one of
the best ideas that you've ever seen in
of politics so I could not be more
positive about that but moving the movie
studios make so much sense for the
Republicans because maybe if you move it
to Nevada you're not going to get a
bunch of woke people making garbage and
maybe they make something that people
want to
see meanwhile Oracle which believe it or
not still has business in
California uh it got permits to build
three small nuclear
reactors to power its gigantic AI data
center so he wants to build the kind
that the Navy uses the Navy already
knows how to make them in put in
submarines the thinking is it would be a
lot cheaper if you were not constrained
to put them in a submarine because if
you put in a submarine they make it
small and probably has to have submarine
specific capabilities I don't know what
that would be but if you don't have
those limitations of putting it on a
submarine you might be able to build
these fairly easily if you get
California to improve it you have the
permits but I think that's short of all
the approval they would need to complete
this but imagine if that
works because we we think of nuclear
energy in terms of there's going to be
this big project and they're going to
build it for your city and I don't know
who owns it but basically it's almost
it's a a utility kind of situation then
you have Larry Ellison who needs way
more electricity than California can get
him so he's like well how do how about I
just build my own nuclear power
plants who does
that billionaires you know here's the
thing I've said this before
but the
billionaires have a value in the United
States that nobody else would ever
satisfy meaning that and Elon Musk can
simply use his own money to do something
that the government can't get done but
the citizens won't done Larry Ellison is
using his company's money build nuclear
power plants which if this works pretty
much would open up that entire Market to
every other big company that wanted to
build their own power plant he just has
to make it work and it's existing
technology so there's not much chance it
won't work you if he can make it
economical and that's that's a big
question but it'll work because it's
existing technology so yes I'm very in
favor of the billionaires moving
civilization forward when they have some
special Niche
this you know Matt Walsh has his new
movie out it's not getting you know
mainstream advertisements it's called
miir racist now I've always seen clips
from it and it looks hilarious and it
looks it looks like it's a good addition
to the uh let's say the conversation I
hate to use that but it's it's a good
addition to the
media like it or not it's just needed it
needed to be done it has its place so
Robin D'Angelo the author who write
wrote I believe it was white
fragility which was a you know sort of a
landmark work in terms of creating
wokeness she issued a statement
denouncing the film and uh Matt Walsh
wanted us to know she denounced it and
she claims according to Matt that the
movie is quote designed to humiliate
discredit anti-racist Educators and
activists and as Walsh says she couldn't
be more correct in that assessment thank
you
Robin yeah that's the point of it the
point of it is to humiliate and
discredit the people that he thinks
should be humiliated and should be
discredited and I
agree
agree so got some good publicity there
from Robin
well through the vote the voting
Integrity organization Checker um has
announced that they somehow have figured
out how to monitor over 25
million just hold that number in your
head 25
million ineligible names on voter roles
across the
country let me say that again according
to tr the vote who apparently has done a
lot of work they claimed that there are
255 million people across all the states
that are not eligible to vote you know
they died or they moved or they're
illegal non residents or something um
and they say that they will engage law
enforcement and litigation Partners if
any them vote so basically putting out
the threat that if any anyone's tempted
to vote to these illegal names I guess I
would include somebody pretending to be
and filling out a ballot for an illegal
name but uh they're going to go after
them they're going to get litigation
partners and go after them now I like
putting that thread out there I don't
know if they can really
detect what they need to detect and make
something of it but actually how would
they detect that how how would the
outside
organization know who voted by name and
address is that knowable or would you
have to
I don't know do some kind of Foya or
lawsuit to get the information is the
information even available I have lots
of questions I like I like the general
thrust of this that somebody who's
monitoring true the vote is monitoring
the ineligible names and that they're
going to get tough about it I don't
know that that they can know for sure if
somebody voted from one of those lists I
don't know how you would know that so
that's the problem if if we can easily
know that an ineligible person
voted um wouldn't that allow us to stop
them I've Got a Feeling maybe it's not
so easy to know if they voted we'll
see uh meanwhile there's somebody i'
never heard of but I guess he's the
travel writer and television host named
Rick Steves and somehow he made news
despite me not knowing who he is by
endorsing here
and uh in a little video he released he
explained why he endorses her he argued
that the world doesn't need the quote
chaos of trumping the White House the
chaos he's
opposed the chaos of
trump where's the Chaos come from do you
think where's all that
chaos 100% of it is coming from the
Democrats so the Democrats create the
chaos and then they say well you can't
vote for this guy because of all the
chaos that they
created what what chaos has TR created
all on his
own I can't think of anything because
his supporters don't find any of it
chaotic some of it's you know let's say
less than perfect but why would you call
that
chaos every Administration does things
that of us think are less than
perfect so
um anyway that chaos thing is sort of a
red flag for brainwashing in my opinion
I don't believe you could get to a
reasonable opinion that chaos is your
big problem like you wouldn't put it at
the top of the list well you know when I
look at uh I look at climate change and
I look at the national deficit and I
look at immigration and the open borders
when I look at Ukraine and the trouble
in the Middle East the thing that I
think of first is all that
chaos that's not a real
opinion nobody sits down and said all
right well let's look at the risks and
rewards of each of these situations and
yep yep when I've looked at all the
risks and rewards I'm against the
chaos chaos isn't even a real thing not
only is it not a real thing it's not
even coming from Trump is literally
coming from his team so if he wants less
chaos why doesn't he tell his own team
to shut
the heck up somebody said a 12-year-old
is watching today so I pulled
back all
right how would you like some
optimism is anybody up for some
optimism I got a little for you it might
be really good you might like it you
ready get ready optimism in
coming there is something
happening that I think you can
feel there has been an explosion of
creativity around this they're eating
the dogs theme you know from the
something that Trump said at the debate
and you've probably seen it and you've
probably seen multiple videos of people
putting it to music and dancing to it
and it's it's viral all over the place
and I've never seen such a surge of
creativity that is at such a high level
and you could add to that the stuff
coming out of Nicole Shanahan's
operation she's released yet another
amazing video and I say amazing because
you just look at the the thinking and
the quality and the the note they're
trying to hit and just the production
and it's amazing it's called her video
is who really are the magga people and
it's this fictional story of some with
the British sounding accent I think
British who does like a it's like a fake
documentary you know it's for fun but
they show ordinary mag of people just
hanging out with their kids and going to
work in their trucks and stuff and they
all just look like good
people and the the point of it is that
you know this person who came to examine
these dangerous magga people found out
oh wait they're all really nice to hang
out with why are they all kind to me
what why do they have this code of
ethics and everything seems like if you
just left them alone we'd all be fine so
it was brilliant you have to see it my
description of it doesn't doesn't really
sell it but so that's brilliant and it's
you know one of several she's done that
are all brilliant who whoever she's got
working on
these and then a whole Avalanche of
these Trump saying save the dogs you
know they're EA they're eating the dogs
they're eating the cats and the the
level of creativity that got Unleashed
and the specific way it was employed
makes me feel
this uh think of trump as an energy
monster somebody who generates
tremendous amount of energy but think
about this he's been storing that energ
like a battery not in himself he's been
storing it in his base and his
supporters he's created this immense
amount of energy some of it he uses
himself and some of it he uses his tens
of millions of supporters like a storage
system it's like a battery now if you
watch the debate as I did I originally
scored it as Harris's Victory because it
looked like a tie which which in the
case in this case would look like a
victory for her so I said publicly she
won the
debate and it felt to the world a lot of
us like even if you thought he won the
debate it wasn't by much and it wasn't
as good as you liked and it just felt
like I hate to say
it he didn't have the goods like he was
just a little short that night now I
don't think it's necessarily his fault
although a few things I think he could
have done better I I think it had to do
with the setup and you know Harris is
actually good when she's doing memorized
pieces that's pretty much the whole
story you know the the ABC host plus the
fact she could just do memorized
pieces but many people who support Trump
felt like he didn't get across the line
that there was something he needed to
accomplish and it was very
important and he didn't get there so
what' they do did they change their mind
say I'm not going to
vote no they didn't did they say I'm
going to vote for Harris she had a good
C she had a good debate no they didn't
but they had all this energy that he's
been storing in him for so long and all
of the sudden it all came out and here's
what it looks like to
me I don't know if you can feel it yet
but I can feel it
his base has
decided that they don't want Trump to
win they've decided they don't want him
to
win they've decided they're going to
make him
win it's a decision
now everything changes when it's a
decision we are out of the preference
stage now tens of millions of people
just said if you can't do it we're going
to drag You' we're going to drag him
across the finish
line and you can feel that now this is
about Trump of
course but the energy that he's been
storing for years in his base just got
Unleashed in the weirdest way with this
you know all the memes about the cats
and the dogs but they're all just
wonderful and I'm going to publicly I
did this on act yesterday but I'm going
to change my scoring of the
debate because the debate when you score
it as it happens and immediately after
you're using short-term
memory short-term memory is what did
this person say how did you answer this
question did you avoid this question did
you say a lie you know was it did we
fact check you that's all short-term
memory short-term memory doesn't move
anything it it is valid to score a
debate
based on your short-term memory so if
you were doing let's say a college
debate you wouldn't wait two weeks you
would score it right then using your
short-term memory but if there's
something I learned from my friend and
memory expert Carmen Simon Dr Carmen
Simon in her books is that your
long-term memory is the one you want to
influence the long-term memory is is a
signal that you actually changed
something changed if you see something
that makes you feel a certain way in the
short term and you don't even remember
it two weeks later nothing happened it
was like it didn't happen so I ask you
now the debate's been over for a little
while not very long what do you remember
about
it you remember that Trump who doesn't
even own a dog or a
cat tried to defend yours your dog and
your cat who you love more than people
in some
cases now the the memes that pair him
with the cute little animals could not
be better better
persuasion because it takes the biggest
complaint about him that he's a selfish
mean cares about only himself dictator
bastard well if you see enough pictures
of him saving your pets not his own he
doesn't have any
and and by the way the memes aren't real
it's just pictures of him you know with
two lovable pets under each arm you know
running from haian gangs and stuff you
cannot be unaffected by that and it's
not a surprise that it's becoming a huge
meme the memes probably are breaking
through on Tik Tock and some other
places to get to
Democrats Association is one of the
major rules of
persuasion if you associate with I'm
seeing now pictures going by the memes
of him with dogs and cats and they're
all adorable I love every one of them
but Association is one of the main
levers of persuasion and without Trump
doing that
intentionally his base with all the
energy that he put there over the years
decided they were going to use that
energy to pair him with cats and dogs
lovable beautiful wonderful cats and
dogs and I can't even imagine a better
persuasive wave than that Association
now here's the opposite type uh today
the news is going after uh Laura lumer
for having been on Trump's jet when he
went to the debate now what they're
trying to do is they're saying we're
going to associate you with Laura lumer
so that whatever bad feelings we can
make about her we can extend that to you
oh o why were you hanging out with this
person who said these things now we
don't none of us have to agree with
anything that Laura lumer has said but I
love the fact that Trump is a pirate
ship and if you can help him and you're
all on board he doesn't have to agree
with everything you've ever done in your
life but can you help the country and
that's where Laura lummer is at she's
definitely working as hard as she can to
help the campaign
win we don't agree with everything she
has ever said I don't believe that Trump
agrees with everything that JD Vance has
ever said I don't believe he agrees with
everything that Vu has ever said
although they're pretty
close I don't believe he agrees with
everything that Kennedy said not
everything but uh can you work with them
yes this is the America I want if you're
telling me that you don't like that uh
he that Trump is okay with Laura lumer
being on his pirate ship my response to
you is do you not understand what a
pirate ship is do you think the Pirates
are judging each
other no no they have a mission the
Pirates are trying to get something
done and that's the mission so if you're
going to worry about the associations
you go worry about that the Pirates are
going to load the Cannons and get
something done so so I've always loved
that about Trump that that he can say if
you're on my team then bring the things
that are good and we'll work with that
if there's stuff I don't like well
that's sort of your
issue it's not for me to solve it why
can't you live in a country where
everybody's different and sometimes you
like it and sometimes you don't that's
the America I want to live in I I I
don't care that my neighbor dis I mean
take my neighborhood do you think they
all agree with me on politics no do I
love my neighbors they're awesome I got
the greatest neighbors I'm so lucky
that's true I just have amazing
neighbors uh but none of us are worried
about who agrees with anybody about
politics we don't talk about it it's
just not a thing it's is not
important so that's what I love about
the pirate ship but the more important
thing is that uh this huge wave of
craved energy has been Unleashed and in
my opinion the base has decided that
they're going to make him win if he
falters we're going to pick him up if he
trips we're going to make up the
distance if he needs to be dragged we're
going to drag
him and I think that's a decision now
and it feels different than just wanting
it well have you seen um the uh
debunk um website
so I've decided that uh just just to
finish up on that so my my current view
is that uh Trump completely won the
debate because somehow in his Trump way
he found that one issue that you can't
get out of your head and it has some
value to
him and two weeks later I got don't
remember a thing that Harris said
nothing I don't remember a thing I just
remember the dog thing now if you said
but Scott remember this thing yes yes if
you reminded me of the thing I would say
oh okay I do remember that and you could
do that 50 times and say but you
remember she said this I'd say oh okay
yeah she did but that's back of
Mind back of mind isn't the good stuff
front of Mind long term front of mind
and long term that's the gold standard
of persuasion and he's hit the gold
standard
and it's it's just a huge
Victory I I could not have been more
wrong when I scored it as a tie that
goes to Harris because I was using
short-term
memory and none of that matters none of
it
matters
anyway
um we got a lots more fun
here have you seen have you seen the uh
the video where somebody used AI to
alter kamla Harris's face at one of her
rallies so it's the audio the actual
audio of her saying the actual things
she really said the rally and the only
thing they did was change your face to
look like she'd been using meth for 30
years in a row you know how meth people
look with the mouth and the teeth and
the you know distorted faces and you see
it and it's the funniest thing in the
world and the thing that's funny about
it is that the meth
face perfectly matches the
messages so you're not really laughing
because the face is funny although it's
hilarious you're laughing because the
funny face and looking like a a drunken
meth adic perfectly matches the audio of
her talking to her base now you have to
see that one it's it's in my X feed you
got to see this one it will just make
you cry with laughter it's so perfect uh
and again that's another example of the
the creative burst that's coming
out anyway remember I told you about the
Trump a hoax overload strategy that the
Democrats are using and um somebody
asked just in the pre-show somebody said
do you think that uh kamla knows that
the fine people hoax is a hoax of course
he does yeah I guarantee it yeah there's
there's no there's no chance they don't
know that they're doing massive hoaxes
one after another no it's a strategy
it's a very clear strategy to overload
the right so that they're just talking
about the
hoaxes because remember
Association if I say no I
didn't eat a
hobo well you're automatically going to
pair me with the idea of eating a hobo
even if the point was I didn't eat the
hobo because that's another person rule
right your negatives don't register just
the image does so anyway so the Trump HX
overload strategy that kamla Harris's
campaign is using is really really good
so if you're just looking at does it
work and is it brilliant it works and
it's
brilliant you know I'm not even going to
shade that it works and it's brilliant
so this is the first time I can remember
and but you know I'm not an expert in
politics I've never seen two campaigns
that were this
good and when I say good I don't mean
honest I mean they know their job they
know persuasion they know what buttons
to push the Harris campaign is freaking
good you with what they have to work
with if you look with what what they
have to work with and the fact that
they're a
tie they're just so good but as I've
said before I think Trump's campaign
advisors are extraordinary and I think
that his campaign has been extraordinary
as well so I wouldn't put one of them
ahead of the other they're both A+ I've
never seen this before you know we got
we only have one candidate who's worth a
dam but the
campaigns really good that that's my
persuasion
rating anyway so I suggested that the
antidote to the hoax overload strategy
would be a website of debunks so that
somebody like Trump and any of his
supporters if challenged with any of
these hoaxes can say not that the hoax
is fake because that doesn't buy you
anything you say let me teach you how
these hoaxes are
created go to the site
American debunk tocom so it's American
with the n on America American debunk
that's all you have to remember and I'm
going to ask you all this memorize that
say say it a few times in your head
American debunk American debunk domcom I
want you to be able to produce that in a
conversation and say you know you're
going to be amazed when you find out how
they did that hoax and then the Democrat
you're talking to will say that's no
hoax and you say do me a favor go to
American debunk dcom and you'll see what
Republicans are seeing you don't have to
believe it I won't try to change your
mind but I want you to see what the
Republicans see that you don't get to
see it's very short they're very very
small segments of what the hoax is I
call it a hoax you think is real but it
also show you how the hoax was
created it's the how it was created
that's the magic sauce I'll say this as
many times as I need to it is not
anything to debunk a hoax by you nothing
nothing you have to show how it was done
that's the thinking past the sale if you
can do that you can change Minds now
somebody said to me nobody's going to
change their vote because the find
people hoax and finding out about it yes
they will we have multiple public
examples where people on X you know
notable people you know people whose
names you've heard in public say you
know when I saw that that find people
hoax was a hoax it just opened up it was
like the key to open the door to all the
fake news and then then I switch sides
so yes that will change
votes so American debunk decom I don't
know who's behind it by the way but I
did see some of my influence in the
writing so it's
somebody could be somebody watching
right now I don't know but if you want
to take credit for for it I would love
to give it to you
um Mark cubin asked a
question oh you know
what I want to show
you there there's a new interview with
Kell Harris and uh I first saw it when
uh investor Bill Amman was pointing to
it on X and his comment made me so
curious he just he just pointed to the
video of the interview it's with some
local um news station
and and uh I'm paraphrasing but he
basically said uh just watch this and
make up your own mind who you're voting
for and I thought why why would you not
want to put your opinion on
it and then I watched
it oh my
God I'm going to play it for you if my
technology works
here so my plan is that if I push this
button
you're going to see me in the corner and
then you're going to see her and then if
I push this I can play
it and I'm GNA turn on my
sound Madam vice president pleasure to
meet you thanks for your time today our
audience appreciates your time as of
course as you know we're sitting here in
a state and arguably in front of an
audience that 54 days from now could
decide he question too long I'm not
gonna play the whole inter you hear it
more than I do people want to know more
about you and about your specific plans
at the debate the other night you talked
about creating an opportunity
economy talk about bringing down prices
and making life more affordable for
people what are one or two specific
things you have in mind for watch the
specifics well I'll start with this um I
grew up a middle class kid my mother
raised my sister and me she worked very
hard um she was able to finally save up
enough money to buy our first house when
I was a
teenager um I grew up in a community of
hardworking people you know construction
workers and nurses and teachers and I
try to explain to some people who may
not have had the same experience you
know if but a lot of people will relate
to this you know I grew up in a
neighborhood of folks who were very
proud of their
lawn you
know and um and I was raised to believe
and to know that all people deserve
dignity and that we as Americans have a
beautiful character you know we have
Ambitions and aspirations and dreams but
not everyone necessarily has access to
the resources that can help them fuel
those dreams and Ambitions so when I
talk about building an opportunity
economy it is very much with the mind of
invest ing in the Ambitions and
aspirations and the and the incredible
work ethic of the American people and
creating opportunity for people for
example to start a small
business um my mother you know worked
long hours and our neighbor helped raise
us we used to call her was I still call
her our second mother she was a small
business owner she was I love our small
business owners I learned who they are
from my childhood and she was a a
community leader she hired locally she
mentored toward our small businesses are
so much a part of the fabric of our
communities not to mention really I
think the backbone of America's economy
so my opportunity economy plan includes
giving startups a $50,000 tax
deduction to start their small business
it used to be $55,000 nobody can start a
small business with
$5,000 but investing in people's
innovative ideas and giving them the
ability to go for it
um opportunity econ economy what assault
weapons do to the human body honest with
you I think people congress former
Congress member Liz
Channing all
right you could watch it if you can
stand it
but
she's really really
bad at
talking she's really really really
really really bad at talking I've never
seen anything like this honestly when I
watched it the first time I was trying
to figure out is she
drunk does she have a mental problem
because it might be
that it I mean it looks like she's
working through some kind of mental
distress now she didn't look
drunk but could there be some other pill
that you take that makes your face
exaggerate like that like why does there
a face gets so exaggerated I feel like I
feel like somebody who knew drugs more
than I do you know the good stuff might
be able to identify that is that like a
cocaine
face is there is there a specific drug
that would make you
gesticulate and you know move and your
face would be more
animated CU I I don't spend time around
cocaine people so but I'm so I'm just
guessing
would that be a possibility because
whatever's whatever's happening here I
don't spend any time listening to what
she's saying and I spend the whole time
thinking what's wrong with her you know
what I
mean do you have the same feeling like
all of my curiosity is what's wrong with
her like why why is she acting that
way never seen anything like it remember
when I told you that I'll give you some
optimism
today they either have to hide her until
election day which will be pretty big
tell that she can't do the job or
they're going to let her do this again
and her side is going to see what
they're looking
at I don't know how she could possibly
win it's hard for me to imagine that she
could possibly win if they see her in
public answering any questions at all
um and I saw let's see Mike cernovich
suggested uh that instead of a debate
Harish should have a a spaces event and
it could be uh handled with hosts uh
like David Sachs and he suggested Mark
cubin so imagine David Sachs prot Trump
and Mark Cuban Pro Harris uh being the
moderators and then Mike covich
suggested that they pick some third
person randomly um which I'd love that
to be
me no I wouldn't want to do it but
uh that's a good idea but speaking of uh
Mark
cubin Mark cubin has been uh I don't
want to say
trolling but he's been asking
provocative questions of uh Trump
supporters so they can argue with him in
public or embarrass him in public I
don't know exactly what he's thinking so
uh I'll warn you not to make the mistake
that I almost made right there if you're
trying to guess what Mark cubin is
thinking or or what his motivation is I
don't know that that's anything you can
do uh because he's a complicated smart
guy who knows
what his exact motivation is other than
getting haris selected of course but in
any given
exchange if you're trying to guess is he
being serious or is he trolling us you
know does he is he really does he really
need to know the answer to this it kind
of doesn't matter because we'll never
know what his inner inner thoughts are
but we're dealing with the world in
which it exists so he asked this
question which I thought was actually a
really good question he said an asks for
all supporters of the Republican nominee
What specifically Will trump do to lower
Grocery and other prices and he says I'm
curious now he states that he's
curious that sounds actually true to me
I think he actually is curious so I took
a shot at answering that question and
let me tell you what I said uh so here's
the answer to how would Trump lower
prices number one fewer government
regulations
which should increase Supply which
should increase or decrease prices in
the long run um I said if but there's a
but to this if uh if Trump works with
Kennedy RFK Jr and he uncovers these bad
food
practices you might find that food
prices would go up in the short run if
something gets banned so for example if
there's a ferti this is just an example
I don't know if any this is true but if
there's some fertilizer I'll just pick
you know I'm making up a fiction
fictional example and we decide it's bad
for the health of the people who eat the
food that was fertilized with it if it
gets
banned they might be able to make less
food or they might pay more for the
fertilizer so you can see the the costs
going up in the short run so to be fair
there's at least one thing that Trump
plans to do that has a direct probably
upward pressure on prices
however if you were to get the unhealthy
stuff out of the food supply suddenly
your health care costs go down and maybe
by a lot so it would look more like an
investment if it did make food more
expensive in the short run which would
be a problem definitely be a problem but
it could have the Far Far bigger
economic benefit of reducing all of our
chronic illnesses that would be the that
would be the goal of it next if if Elon
Musk helps Trump reduce the government's
spending that should reduce inflation
and that should make your uh cost not
Rise um I like to give Trump credit for
what you might call his salesmanship or
his BS uh because it drives investment
I've described this before but if
investors are confident then they invest
and that creates good things if they're
not confident they don't Trump has that
salesperson you know go go go capitalism
feeling that makes people think huh it
doesn't look like he's going to give me
more regulations it doesn't make doesn't
look like he's going to make anything
worse um I'm going to go invest some
money this is looking good so his his
salesmanship story on the economy is way
better than Harris's which is you know
Marxist uh at least has the scent of
Marxism on it
which is way less
inspiring I said that uh Trump's tax
plans compared to Harris should give
companies some room um more room to
lower prices if uh if taxes go up on
corporations they have less margin you
know less room to uh to lower the prices
Trump would at least not raise their
prices he might not lower them it might
not Trump might not lower anybody's
taxes but Harris would would raise them
for sure so that would make food more
expensive and
everything um Trump is more likely to
approve I'm going to say larger energy
projects I do think the uh Biden
Administration has done better than the
Republicans um blame them for in in
energy they haven't been terrible
they've been good on nuclear could be
better and they've been reasonably good
on drilling could be a lot better you
know I mean we haven't we haven't
drilled on war there's a pipeline
question you know I'm sure there's a
permit issue so it does seem to me that
Trump could probably um end up approving
larger energy projects which lower
everybody's costs for everything because
it's energy um I said that Trump would
waste less money on climate and wars and
that goes to lowering inflation too I
said that Trump is more suited to
protect our Global Supply Chain
so you know a lot of things are more
expensive because the ships don't want
to go anywhere near the hoties in Yemen
because they're using their missiles on
the ships so if somebody could say hey
hoodies I got a deal for you if you
shoot one more missile we're going to
get rid of every single one of
you sorry I couldn't go the whole day
without swearing and whether not that's
true even the hoodies are going to say
oh well that looks serious
because he might actually do it you just
don't know so he's far scarier and
that's got to be good if you're trying
to scare people like the hoodies from
shooting your
ships um so I think he's more suited to
protect the global Supply chains but in
summary it's just better for the economy
in general and that should help your
prices so that was my
answer um people are still saying hey
how about a debate of some kind there's
not going to be any new
debate and here's the simple reason why
Trump would be crazy to agree to another
debate on a on a network that is not in
his favor so the only one I think he
would ever agree to would be you know
Fox News or news max or Tucker Carlson
or something like that and there's no
way that Harris is going to agree to
that so you can stop even thinking about
another debate I mean Trump said he's
not going to have
one uh but really that means he would
have one if it were the right host I
think if if it were the right host on
foxy do it well let me put it this way
if uh if Fox News said uh our hosts will
be uh Dana Pino and Greg geld would
would Trump do a
debate probably probably yes would
Harris do it not a chance so there is no
way that those two ven diagrams are ever
going to intersect so debate is done
there will not be a debate I guarantee
it you got all you're going to
get
um and that ladies and gentlemen brings
me to the close of my prepared
remarks I think it was one of the best
shows you've ever seen probably getting
better every minute and uh I'm going to
say a few words to the uh local
subscribers because they're special and
thanks to all the people on X and
YouTube and Rumble it's always a
pleasure to see you I'll see you again
tomorrow morning same place and in 30
seconds or so we're going to go private
with the locals subscribers only by the
way there's a lot of good stuff on
locals that you've never seen if you're
not a
member
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e e