good morning everybody and welcome to
the highlight of human civilization it's
called coffee with Scott Adams and I'm
pretty sure there's never been a finer
time in your life oh I always forget to
turn down my sound on that device H now
we're perfect if you'd like to take the
this experience up to levels that nobody
can even understand all that you need
for that is a cuper muger a glass a
tanker cheler Stein a canteen Jugger
flask of vessel of any kind fill it with
your favorite liquid I like coffee and
join me now for the unparallel pleasure
the dop of me enj of the day the thing
that makes everything better it's called
the simultaneous Sip and it happens now
go oh that's so good
oh somebody's having Diet Coke oh my
God my
God all right let's talk about all the
things uh favorite story of the day New
York Post is
reporting there was an animal lover who
was trying to care for a sick baby
hedgehog and so she took the baby
hedgehog to the veterinarian and the
veterinarian had to give her the bad
news about the Hedgehog it was very bad
news
very bad news it turns out that the
Hedgehog was actually a hat it was a
fuzzy hat Palm pom hat oh no it was a
pom pom for a
hat so it wasn't so much a baby hedgehog
as it was a part of a
hat now I saw the picture of the uh the
nice woman who was caring for the baby
hedgehog that turned out to be a pom pom
from a hat and and I looked at her
face Biden
supporter you could see it in the
face look at the face of the
Hedgehog uh lover who turns out was
actually loving a pom pom from a hat I
don't know how long she fed it and cared
for it but uh it's quite a story so I'm
going to say Biden supporter and my
theme for
today is the stuff that people believe
the the things that people are think are
true no sometimes it's not a baby
hedgehog it could look just like one it
could act just like a sick one that
doesn't move around much but sometimes
it's just a pom pom from a
hat all right let's talk about Joe Biden
you know thank
goodness we have a commanderin-chief and
a president a leader of our country who
whenever there's a big disaster in the
country he's just perfect isn't he like
he just knows how to make us feel better
and to talk about our
pain so here's an example of how Joe
Biden calmed the fears of the community
showed his
empathy he said that he had commuted
over that collapsed bridge to Baltimore
uh many times by
train okay we don't know how he did that
because there are no train lines that
run over that bridge and there never
have
been but somehow he managed to make it
not only about
himself but about a version of himself
that doesn't exist and never
has I think that's a new record for a
bad
leadership let let me let me try to give
you the ranking good
leadership would be you show up right
away you show empathy and you talk about
the victims that's A+ leadership you've
seen Trump do that a number of times
yeah including East pal Palestine
Palestine and uh but the way Biden does
it is he shows up and if he had just
talked about himself you'd say that's
not as good h no I'd rather that empathy
talking about the victims that's number
one but number two talking about
yourself well at least you showed up at
least he showed up
but Biden managed to find a new low
ground where not only do you not show
the empathy that you need to and not and
you don't even talk about yourself you
talk about an imaginary version of
yourself that everybody knows didn't
exist so I don't know if that's better
than not going there at all but it might
be a
tie meanwhile uh Elon Musk said says
that the new version of grock is coming
and it's going to be a banger uh he's
calling it Super
Gro and if you I don't know Premium Plus
or
whatever user you can get uh super grock
will Super grock be the gro the be the
AI of all AI I don't know but it might
be the most unfiltered one it might be
the closest to at least attempting to be
honest uh we hear that uh the
Claude the new Claude AI is beating chat
GPT and the others so apparently Claude
is the number one AI right now just in
terms of
capability um I'm thinking about
subscribing to it but I I don't know how
many AIS I want to subscribe
to I Don't Know by the way what would
happen if one AI just subscribed to
other AIS so your personal AI just has
has a subscription and can answer any
question by querying the other AIS it's
what it's going to be right it'll
probably be something like
that well uh chth
Pia um one of the Allin podcast guys one
of the most successful Silicon Valley
investor guys he said this and I want to
see how many parents agree or disagree
uh he says as a parent as parent with
teenagers so he's got some teen
he said being the bad guy be limiting
their social media has been a path to
exhaustion and conster bickering at
least in my home so having the
government back me up and do the obvious
and sensible thing that will give me as
a parent more
reinforcement uh would be to you know
ban social media under 16 because if
something's literally
illegal it's way easier for a parent to
say you can't do that it just makes it
easy but if it's legal and all your
friends are doing it you really are
going to have to fight fulltime and do
nothing else but fight about that
because a modern teenager in the modern
world if you say they can't have their
social media after they've experienced
it all right it's too late after they've
experienced it and they're hooked they
will know that they cannot have a normal
social
life they would know that their ability
to to deal with their peers the way
everybody else is dealing with them
would be gone
I don't even think they could
date I think they wouldn't be able to
date because it would look weird like
I'm not going to hang out with a weirdo
who doesn't use social media it it would
make you a freak in your own school so
there's no right answer and I've had
enough of uh an acquaintance with this
topic in my personal life that I don't
think there is a way to take a phone
away from a
teenager now um think somebody like a
Mike cernovich I I'll use him just
because he talks about his family
situation a lot in the very productive
way now I think in his case if you've
got um I think he's doing
homeschooling if you've got
homeschooling and you start early and
they don't have social media and you you
build some kind of a life that they
think is their life that doesn't involve
it you know doing stuff with Dad Etc you
can make that work probably
you could probably make that work but
unless you go full
cernovich I don't see any way to make it
work so I agree with the chamoth that
the government Banning Social Media for
kids is just smart obvious and it's the
right thing for the government to do
it's exactly what you want your
government to do to help you out instead
of hinder you give me a hand give me
some help that's what you want I guess
uh Florida has already banned social
media for kids under
14 do I have that right kids under 14
are banned from social media in
Florida I don't know how that's going to
work but we'll see so just like I was in
favor of testing drug
legalization it didn't work but good job
testing it at least we found out what
doesn't work I think there might be some
model where legalization could work if
you changed a bunch of other things
right but if you don't change a bunch of
other things and you just change that
one thing I think we could say that it
doesn't work tried we tried it didn't
work now we know we don't have to try
that again but if you tried something
where you changed everything but also
that one thing maybe maybe some you try
that someday we got to keep trying stuff
cuz what we're doing now isn't
working says it was a new study about
Educators in other words teachers mostly
and uh the study finds that half of all
Educators believe AI will not
significantly affect their employment
opportunities
so the people that you've chosen to
teach your children don't believe that
AI will significantly affect their
employment
opportunities what do you even say about
that did we did we intentionally find
the dumbest people to become teachers
how in the world could they have that
opinion that the job that's most likely
to disappear entirely is their job Am I
Wrong the most likely thing to disappear
entirely is
Teachers now to meia seems like the
model of the future
is somewhat obvious getting a Spam
call the the model that would work is
obvious you get rid of bad teachers and
you replace them with good AI now the AI
might look like people but you it'll be
on a screen it might be VR someday but
in the short run the best AI that learns
from all the teachers that there are and
puts together a class that the best of
the best but let's say you could also
change who the teacher is just by
pushing a button so let's say I think uh
it will hold my attention better if the
teacher is an attractive female so I
just choose that option because I think
it will keep me sitting there looking at
it longer why not you you might pick the
uh the man with a deep voice because
you're sexist and you just think that
sounds more authoritative so maybe you'd
learn better in that case maybe maybe if
you're uh you know a member of some
minority group you might say you know I
just want somebody who looks like me to
teach me makes me feel more comfortable
good you have the option whatever works
for you so the the fact that AI could be
instantly modified for the specific
person and then let's say that you say
to the AI you know what uh the way I
learn best is is when you put it in a
story form or the way I learn best is
when you put it into a practical real
world example or I need to hear it or I
need to see it or I need to write it
down the AI could work with you to
figure out what your learning process is
and where you need a little extra and
whether whether what it needs to repeat
it could look at your
eyeballs the AI teacher could be looking
at your eyeballs as you you go because
if you have a camera and it could
determine if it's working or
not imagine the AI seeing that you're
starting to zone out a little bit and so
it says oh I got to I got to change Pace
I got to mix it up I gotta excite you I
got to give you a little little
shock your teacher can't do that because
they're teaching to one
person or they're teaching to the whole
class so they can't adjust for any one
person you know but AI could they could
adjust instantly to one person so I
don't think there's any chance that in
the long run teachers will do what
teachers have been doing now they might
have great opportunities but you know
they might be the person running the AI
or you know managing the process or
overseeing that the classes are right
you know there might be something like
that but it's not going to look the same
that's for
sure um over in New South Wales they had
a program to predict crime they were
going to use
AI uh plus State surveillance stuff to
figure out who is likely to be a
criminal
so they could watch them extra a little
extra now I have mixed feelings about
this number one could you build a
technology with current technology that
would accurately determine who is likely
to commit a crime what do you think do
you think our current technology can
identify people who are likely to commit
a crime of course it
can of course it can do you know why
because I could do that
I could just read your damn messages and
I'll tell you if you're going to commit
a crime bet I get it right 80% of the
time you know AI could do a little
better than that yeah absolutely people
totally broadcast their criminal
intentions in their words and actions
very much so you could it would be
obvious to the AI but we can't really
live in a world in which every part of
us is surveilled and every bad behavior
is caught because the problem is that
we're all bad behavior
people not you I mean you're the
exception I mean and I'm the exception
but amazingly only the people watching
this broadcast are the exceptions I
don't know how that happened but
everybody
else they're doing some sketchy stuff do
you know who never got arrested before
Puff
Daddy do you think the AI could have
figured out what was going on there
probably
probably I think so so I think the risk
of AI and predictive crime is that it
would found you would find out that most
average people are criminals they're
either cheating on their taxes or
they're you know doing a little
something at work they're fudging their
expense accounts they're they're doing
something you know they're speeding who
knows they're drinking and driving I
don't know but yeah if we had a society
where every bad thing you did got caught
every time we'd all be in a lot of
trouble except for like I said except
for those of you who are watching this
now and
me luckily for us were the exceptions
but other people they'd be in a lot of
trouble well apparently the Don Lemon
show is not the Roaring success that Don
limit had hoped and that its audience
has uh almost disappeared after three
shows
and maybe this is what we can learn from
that did you think that Don Lemon had a
natural audience or do you think that
people watched him because he was on
Prime Time on
CNN and do you think that people watched
his Elon Musk interview because it was
Elon Musk or because it was
him what do you think well I would say
that his recent performance suggests
that he did not have an audience that
would follow him rather he had an
experience on a platform that brought a
you know sizable audience to anybody who
was at 8:00 or whatever his time zone
was whatever his time was so it seems
that through the process of trial and
error Don Lemon has determined that
literally nobody wants to watch
him now I'm exaggerating a little bit
right I think his Show is bigger than
mine I think even his failed Show is
bigger than
mine uh but he started from a higher
base so it looks worse I started from
nothing and grew it up at least this
part of my work he started from a higher
base and so it looks like failure but
he's still doing better than I'm doing I
mean if he did nothing but continued his
you know low-rated show he'd be killing
me with with numbers
probably so we'll see anything could
happen I I still wish him well uh
um so we'll
see I don't really like to see anybody
who's doing what I'm trying to do you
know this sort of a job if you could
call it a job I'm not even sure if I
call this a
job if any of you
noticed that I I literally am doing this
for my own
entertainment I don't really have to
work I don't really have to get up at
4:30 to do this I don't have to but I
actually love it
it's it's a highlight of my day usually
like like right now in this very moment
you know I'm hoping that you're enjoying
something you're watching but I'm having
a better time than you are because I'm
getting all the attention and I get to
say what I get to say and put things the
way I want want to it's a great great
great experience you know so I feel bad
for anybody who feels like they're it's
a
job now the other thing that makes this
fun is that I do it live I wouldn't like
this at all if I were recording it right
now and then you just got to see it an
hour later no fun at all I wouldn't have
any interest in that whatsoever it's
it's only the live direct experience
that that gives me any any kind of Joy
but it gives me a lot so I do appreciate
all of you
tremendously all right uh I'm loving the
dunking on the Democrats that's going on
with the uh ra MC Daniel situation as
you know NBC hired her from from her
Republican world as head of the
RNC and they like to sometimes the
networks like to bring in a a voice
that's opposite of their normal voices
to you know just so you could hear
everything but uh Glenn Greenwald is
dunking on Jen saki he says uh hilarious
today Jens saki said there's there's a
difference between NBC
hiring um her Jens saki right from the
Biden White House versus hiring Ron
McDon Ron McDaniel right from the RNC
and here's the difference according to
Zaki that she doesn't lie like McDaniel
does
um that's all she does is
lie what what exactly is the lie that
mcdan told does anybody know of
one I don't know of one the only thing
that I think what they call a lie is her
debunking their
hoaxes so I think that her debunking
their hoaxes is what they call lies that
they can't they can't handle and
watching Glenn Greenwald he's he's been
dunking on them for like a couple
days he he just has the funniest in your
face face you hypocrite piece of crap
posts you know but they sound sort of
professional and
funny anyway how the the fact that Jens
saki can say that with a straight face
and her audience can go uh-huh uhhuh you
know that's a good point because Jens
saki when she's uh as a Greenwell points
out the same Jens saki spread the CIA
live two weeks before the 2020 election
you know the laptop
lie yep that is funny but speaking of R
uh Donald Trump had some things to
say nobody makes
Politics as fun as Trump does I I don't
know why even his enemies haven't at
least
appreciated the fun of it like even if
you don't want him to be president I get
that I get that we all understand but
you can't enjoy the good parts like the
just pure the pure entertainment of it
all right watch the show that Trump puts
on so this is uh he says talk about R he
says fired after two days wow Ron MCD
Daniel got fired by fake News NBC she
only lasted two days and this after
McDaniel went out of her way to say that
that what they wanted to hear it leaves
her in a very strange place it's called
Never
Neverland and it's not a place you want
to be these radical left lunatics are
crazy
crazy that's
interesting do you wonder if more people
will be willing to say that the real
problem is mental
illness because when I say it I don't
get a lot of push back weirdly but he's
saying crazy and the top people in NBC
are weak they were broken and
embarrassed my low ratings highly
overpaid quote
Talent bring back free and fair press
make America great
again Ju Just watching him have his
third act
fun is pretty amazing he's just sort of
enjoying this week I mean he's got other
legal Jeopardy of course there's always
going to be more but he's having a good
week so for me the takeaway of the whole
NBC thing which by the way they did fire
her after two days so she's
gone um is that the NBC management gave
up the game and their own employees were
so embarrassed by it that they had to
reverse it and what I mean by gave up
the game is for what two and a half
years or something uh MSNBC and NBC had
been reporting that January 6 was an
Insurrection so
how did management
justify hiring a known according to them
insurrectionist to put on the show next
to their fine good people who would
never tell you a lie how could they
justify that there's only one
way NBC management
knew that it was never true anything
their hosts were saying about the
news am I wrong about that is there any
other way to see
it because there's a little bit of a
mind reading going on with this right
but it's it's process of elimination
what else could it be what else could it
be it has to be that the NBC management
knew that their own product their news
were lying to you and telling you hoax
because if any of that were true there's
no way they would hire the
insurrectionist to work on the network
next to the people who had been calling
them insurrectionist for years couldn't
possibly
happen so but it did happen because the
management was completely aware that it
was not
true I assume now that's a little mind
reading I grant you so if you're going
to call me out on it that would be the
correct thing to do but I ask you what's
the other way to look at
it how else can you
explain that they would bring on
somebody that their hosts had been
calling in the worst criminals in the
world insurrectionists who they believe
should be in
jail how do you explain it you can only
explain it by they didn't believe the
insurrectionist hoax story that was
their main content for two and a half
years there isn't another way to explain
that it's not just a difference of
opinion it would be like they had
decided to put Charles Manson on to talk
about the other side of crime would they
do that no because Charles
Manson but they did it in the case of
you know ra their their own hoax was
that it was
real so I think that was an embarrassing
admission well Trump's third Act is
going well I haven't I haven't caught up
today give me an update how is the djt
Trump stock Trump's media stock because
yesterday was up 50% and at one point
his 58% stake was worth $9
billion how is it today is it up or down
so far does anybody know too soon to
know or do we know we should know by now
right somebody says up now how do you
explain that a media stock that is
primarily truth social which is only
half a million users has never made
money how do you explain that the market
has valued it as at uh up to$ 15 billion
doar may maybe even higher today how do
you explain
that let me tell you how I explain
it if you ask me Scott does this look
like a good investment
no no no it doesn't look like a good
investment are you kidding me now you
ask me the second question Scott are you
going to buy any
stock yes yes I am as soon as I get off
the show there's it's very likely that
no matter what is happening with the
price I'll probably buy
$1,000 because I don't want to have a
lot because it's kind of risky you but
do I want Trump to not be crushed by the
the system yes I do do I think that it's
a better way to donate to his campaign
to just buy an investment in something
that might go away I mean could go to
zero right anything could go to zero but
it might go up it might go up I might be
able to double my money that was
a campaign
donation so in my world where I try to
do things that make the world a little
better place um I'm going to disregard
the normal risk reward analysis for this
stock and I'm going to buy it to just
poke my finger in the the eye of the
people who are trying to break him cuz
when they try to break him they're
trying to break you they already took a
whack at
me they took a whack at me do you know
why I'm still
here because of you the reason I'm still
here is that you
collectively uh gathered around and said
no we're not going to let him be
cancelled and many of you joined my
subscription service even didn't didn't
want to didn't even think that was what
you wanted and some people just signed
up to subscribe purely to support Free
Speech more than supporting me
supporting the concept that you don't
want to see people you agree with get
crushed by the evil system so I'm very
much a
beneficiary of the good judgment and
let's say the the impulse to set things
right that exists out there you know the
The Good the good that's still in people
the good in people that will if they see
you stuck on the road we'll pull over
and help right now here's the thing
again that maybe the Democrats didn't
count on because they don't understand
Republicans if your car is broke down on
the side of the road the first truck
that's going to stop is going to be a
republican now if you didn't know
that Welcome to the Real
World the reason that I'm protected and
I can still get get to do this is
because of you period it's not because
of me it's entirely because of you
collectively decided I'm still in
business and that's what apparently
third of the country just decided that
Donald Trump will not be
broke by this system that is the public
deciding so if you think this is about
true social being a great investment I
can't tell you it
is but if you think it's about Americans
trying to finally say this is too much
this is too much you've pushed too hard
Biden and your goons and we're just
going to put up a uh a break wall so
this like it's like a fire
break buy buying DJ stock is an act of
pure patriotism to act as a fire break
against the Democrats setting the whole
country on
fire and it works it is a fire break it
absolutely
worked and it also warns them what's
coming you know what I
mean it warns them what's coming because
it's a signal of
energy and if I've taught you anything
it's follow the energy not the arguments
don't follow the arguments don't follow
the science the follow the energy now
usually the energy is revealed in money
because money and energy go together so
when you see how much energy was put
into the djt
stock that's the story it's not even a
dollar thing it's the
energy that energy is
unmistakable and
growing meanwhile
um Trump got hit with a gag order in New
York over his stormmy Daniels quote hush
money case because he said some things
in public slamming the
judge
um thank
you thank you for the gag
order what do you think happens every
time Trump gets a new gag order that
tells him he can't say what he thinks is
true in
public his numbers go
up his fundraising goes up yeah that's
what happens so yeah more gag orders
please every time you take away his
freedom of speech you take ours away
that's how I feel uh Trump is just sort
of the canary and coal mine whatever
they do to him it is going to come back
to you right it's going to get you now
you saw it got me right it's the same
energy that got me and I'm you know way
down in the below Trump in the
effectiveness category so yeah it it
will just keep going down until they get
everybody
meanwhile Trump is uh selling
Bibles and axio says it's not for the
campaign uh but he's selling Trump
Bibles for 60
bucks now if it's not going toward his
campaign what is it going toward the
legal bills I assume so you could
actually uh pay Trump's legal bills and
get yourself a nice Bible
too
how smart is
that I don't think I've ever seen
anybody read a room better than that guy
talk about how to read a room if you
said to me Scott uh donate some money to
Trump's legal fund I'm not too happy
about that right because I feel like uh
you know every everybody's got a legal
fund they want me to contribute to but
if you tell me that he's selling a Bible
to his fans and followers who love
Bibles then you know you're always in
the market for a new one if Bible's your
thing it's sort of
perfect it's exactly
correct who's going to complain about
the
Bible I mean somebody will but it looks
silly right lawyers yeah lawyers will I
guess lawyers will anyway it's another
perfect reading of the room it's a
perfect business business model for
paying off his legal bills if that's
what he's doing I assume so I like it
well
done meanwhile RFK Juniors uh picked his
running
mate um who is sergy brin's
ex-wife Nicole Shanahan now she's an
attorney and a tech entrepreneur and um
seems to have you know tons of uh
qualifications Etc she's in her 30s so
she's
young and there some rumors that I'm not
I'm not going to share but I heard it in
the comments earlier uh but that that
didn't seem
uh I guess not not credible enough that
I want to share any of those but let me
say that the in
general everything you hear about public
figures is
fake right so you're going to hear a
whole bunch of things about um about
Nicole
Shanahan some of it might be true in
terms of you know she was once married
to Sergey Brin and now she's not that
would be
true but I would look out
for anything that's more interesting
than
that probably not probably not true so
the rule with public figures is that the
stuff that's public such as a marriage
or divorce probably is true if somebody
died probably true somebody got a new
job probably true but once you get past
you know you know name salary and you
know name and social security number
everything about why anything happened
that's all it's always the why
of anything the
context never reliable so just remember
that when you're evaluating her but I
was looking at her background and
apparently she um highlights that she
has worked on Racial
equality wow
so that that's a uh that's a hard no for
me in our current environment that's
just a hard no unfortunately I wanted I
wanted to say yes I wanted to be Pro
whoever you picked but that unless she
comes out and
says the way I was doing it was a
mistake which would be fine by the way
if she came out and said you know what I
worked on this equality but the more I
think about it you know maybe we should
take a different
approach if she said that I'd be fine
with it because somebody in their 30s
who changes their mind about what works
because they tried the other thing and
it didn't work that would be a strong
signal very strong signal I like people
who can change their minds and do it
publicly and show their work so if
something like that happened it would be
awesome but I'm a little bit worried
about the background and
and uh Racial equality and the fact that
she lists that on I don't know if that
means Dei in any way or not but she is
also big into regenerative agriculture
because we have to fix our food supply
and RFK Jr is right about that maybe the
biggest issue in the world food supply
and the quality of it and children's and
maternal Health um those are things
she's interested in those are
good and uh she's worked on behalf of
honest governments well good luck with
that right so let's see in the
comments what's your opinion of his VP
pick have you had any time to to do that
are you worried that she was once
married to a founder of Google and
Google's Gemini AI tells you what
Google's all
about that they're sort of a a racist
SES yeah so Google being a racis supol I
don't think they can correct themselves
but you wonder if Sergey was part of
that and if you're married to
that you know are you part of that world
did you come out of the racist sespo
world right into the vice president role
that would be a bad look so I very much
want to support RFK Jr at least on the
policy level you know even if he doesn't
have a legitimate shot at the top job
and by the way he does I don't let us
sneak up on you RFK
Jr is not a long
shot he's not a long
shot like whatever you think is a long
shot he's not that no no he has an
absolute walking path to the White House
the walking path is that Biden falls
apart there's not enough time to replace
him and Trump gets some bigger attack or
Scandal that the public
believes what are the odds that there's
some new hoax about Trump Brewing right
now 100% what are the odds that a huge
part of the country will believe the
hoax at least initially 100% certainly
all the Democrats so you know a hoax is
brewing you know that a big part of the
country is going to believe it because
they always do they always fall for it
again and you might see the two main
candidates so bruised by election day
that anything could happen anything
could
happen but I'm very uncomfortable with
the uh VP choice so I would say it's a
move backwards what would you say I I
would say that my um sort of my casual
support for RFK Jr as not just a
personality you know seemingly a good
person to have in in the fight but also
policy-wise or there was a lot to like
not all of it but a lot to like I think
it's a step backwards but it might be a
step forward for his base and it might
help him fund things and it might help
him get on the ballot so it it could
help his campaign that part I don't know
but my own opinion of the package goes
down a little bit with the
choice
so and by the way I'm sure she's very
smart and very very good at what she
does that's not really the issue so at
least he picked quality and he picked
youth so I I would say those are two
pluses he picked
smart and he picked
young I don't hate that and somebody who
wasn't a creature of washingon DC I
don't hate that so there's a lot to like
about it but there that's just a huge
red flag with this Racial equality
background stuff now if you're if you're
new to my show and you just
uh you just casually came in and you
heard me mocking Racial equality is not
because I don't want people to be
equal it's it's about the policies to
get there the policies to get there are
absurd and really you're just a way to
humiliate black men basically because
Dei looks good on
women because when women complain and
whine and then something gets
fixed it feels like an natural situation
when men complain about the past as the
reason that they're not successful they
look
pathetic pathetic they look that way to
other
men and there's a reason you don't hear
men complain as much about being held
back it's because it's a bad look it's
pathetic the whole point of being a man
is that you're supposed to go through
the wall you're not supposed to
quit oh there's a little wall in front
of me no going through the wall is what
makes you a man
sorry if you stand there and why and
just join the women and you did if
you're in the Democrat Party you it's
basically a woman's party so a female
strategy for
success is complaining about what how
unfairly you've been treated and it's a
very good strategy and we've seen it
work and women certainly had a right to
complain
do we all agree about that women
definitely had a right to complain and
so they did and so everybody said okay
well not only do I feel a certain way
because women are unhappy because men
are just primed to want to solve
problems like that but also it's valid
you look at it you go okay you didn't
even have the
vote you know yeah I mean you you really
couldn't there was a time in my lifetime
where a woman really would have a hard
time getting a job that was a male
Centric job but not anymore you know
they're they're they're in pretty good
shape right now but if you're a uh a
black
man I think it's just
embarrassing for anybody to think that
you got a leg up from the
government to me that would be
embarrassing so I wouldn't want to be in
that
situation well let's talk about uh Puff
Daddy we we still don't know
Diddy yeah did he or did he not um
there's an old video of uh Puff
Daddy saying that white men like Trump
need to be
banished white men like Trump H who
would be a white man who was in his
opinion like
Trump would it be
Republicans would I be on that list
would he say people like me should be
banished well I don't know but having
heard that video um I'm going to change
my um admonition yesterday when I said
no matter how guilty he looks in this
situation you should reserve your
judgment until because that would make
him innocent till proven guilty and that
is the standard which we should hold to
no matter how many rumors you hear Let
the Court decide and until then innocent
will proven guilty no matter how bad
this looks well was wrong turns out he's
a racist and uh I don't care if
he gets burned so he can die in jail by
with a broomstick up his ass and I'd be
happy about that I don't really need any
more racists so let's get rid of
him malinformed is what I call
him um the story that I hear the most if
you I'm reluctant to
believe uh all the sex
claims you know there claims about
underage people at his parties and
there's claims about raping and stuff
but the one allegation that I've heard
from several sources who seem to know
him personally is uh drugging the drinks
of women at his
parties and who was it who was
describing that the way they do it is
they put the drug in the mixer and then
the women drug themselves so so you have
the place where anybody can go up and
pour themselves a
drink and they make you know they make
women always make mixed drinks so women
typically are not going to do vodka
straight up they're always going to add
some juice to it so they put the drug in
the juice that's that's the allegation I
can't prove that it happened but that
would make them drug themselves so that
it wouldn't be obvious who drugged them
like they wouldn't have any memory of
somebody putting something in their
drink and they wouldn't have any memory
of any anybody giving them a drink so
the men would just drink without the
juice you know which is typical straight
up some or or maybe add their own Diet
Coke or something and the women would
just naturally add the juice and then
bad things would happen is the
allegation I don't know if any of that's
true I just know that on video he seems
to be a major racist so for that
alone you can
fry well Michael
Shermer who is uh one of the most
notable Skeptics um I think he leans I
don't know if he's an independent or
leans a little
Democrat but don't judge him by
that because there might be only a few
people who are not Republicans who can
actually look objectively at stuff and
he's one of them so he's a good follow
so if you want to see somebody who may
not be on the same team as you and I
don't know by the way I just think he's
not Trump he's not a trump supporter but
I don't know if he's independent or what
um but he tells us today um and Robert
Bartholomew has an article on this that
that Havana syndrome that thing where
they thought there was the secret Mass
the the secret Sonic weapon turns out
there have been studies and they now
know for sure it did not exist and that
all of that was a psychological event
it was all a psychological
event now you know I'm the first person
to tell you that right the day the story
broke I said this isn't real this is a
mass hysteria not only is it a mass
hysteria but it's a classic one it's an
obvious one it's like it's right on the
nose it's so classic hysteria that I
don't know how you could miss it well
how you could miss it is to not be
familiar with Mass hysterias if you've
never seen one or never learned about
one or never studied the history of mass
hysterias you don't know that they're
not just common it's closer to being the
operating system of humanity we just do
one Mass hysteria after another there
are several of them percolating right
now this isn't the only
one it's just the most obvious one so
let me tell you how I spotted it so you
can use these tricks for yourself in the
future number one it's an extraordinary
claim it's a claim similar to uh I have
a back big foot is in my
backyard or UFOs abducted me it's in
that class so when you first hear it you
say huh that would be an extraordinary
claim well extraordinary claims are
going to be wrong 99% of the time so
your starting point should be 99% likely
not true if you started with
it's probably true because it's in the
news and it's probably true because the
intelligence people say it's true as
probably true because the CIA says is
true as probably true because all of the
networks are reporting it if you started
from that
perspective you've learned
nothing none of those are good
sources none of them are credible even a
little bit not even directionally you
not even not even directionally they are
not useful for this sort of thing so you
should have said on the surface of it
99% likely fake leave open a little
chance 100% would be stupid no 100%
would be wrong because you know we could
be surprised you've been surprised
before but start with 99% fake don't
believe anything the fake News tells you
because they're not part of the
information structure they're part of
the disinformation
system let me say it again the point of
the news is to keep you
uninformed that's not hyperbole that's
not politics that is an actual accurate
description of what the news is intended
to
do it is intended to mislead you for the
benefit of the country or for the
benefit of rich people or for somebody's
benefit usually somebody thinks it's
good for something but no the news is
not its purpose to tell you what's true
it's to frame the stories in ways that
are good for the people in power and
that's it so so number one extraordinary
stories are almost always false number
two it fit the classic form of a mass
hysteria it was a whole bunch of people
who said oh you got hurt by a Sonic
weapon I think I'm hurt by a Sonic
weapon and then the third person hears
it goes you know I didn't get to sleep
last night I wonder if it's that Sonic
weapon and then somebody else says my
sinuses have been acting up all week
it's probably that Sonic weapon and then
the next thing you know the Sonic
weapons being used at other embassies in
other parts of the
world okay this is the
classic most obvious perfect
form of a Massy stereo and now you say
to yourself but Scott
there were early reports of people with
actual brain damage and it showed up in
the scans and the physical damage was
unquestionable and it was you know lots
of doctors in different places were all
getting the same answers yes something
happened they're damaged and what did I
say
nope nope none of that's true and then
you could have said in your mind Scott
um this is a whole bunch of
doctors
doctors operating
independently on all kinds of different
people in different parts of the world
and you're telling me that all of those
doctors who have nothing to gain by
being
wrong that they all just fell for this
Mass hysteria is that what you're trying
to get me to believe Scott yes because
that is what exactly what a mass Hyster
is it's exactly that it's people who
should know better
falling for it that's what it is so the
fact that all the doctors were falling
for it let me think um do you have any
recent
experience in which all the doctors seem
to be wrong
H yes all the time is the most
common thing in the world for all the
doctors to be wrong very ordinary you
know it's not ordinary a secret Sonic
weapon used by Bigfoot that's not
ordinary
but all the doctors being wrong I hate
to tell you that's ordinary it's very
ordinary yeah go get some statens if you
don't believe
me anyway
um and then the the final tell uh the
intelligence people blamed
Russia is there anything else I needed
to say if you if you add that looks
exactly like a mass hysteria it's a
absurd ridiculous extraordinary claim on
its face and then the intelligence
people blame
Russia
people
people the next time this happens you
can do this on your own right have you
learned extraordinary
claim fits the Massy area
perfectly and the CIA blames Russia
that's that's the triple header right
there so it was exactly what it looked
like well are there any mass hysterias
that are Brewing right
now is there any Mass hysteria right now
that is obviously fitting the
pattern let's see the pattern would be
lots of capable experts think it's
happening they've got lots of specific
examples of it
happening it's an extraordinary claim
like what are you kidding me that I
don't believe that that's incredible
and sometimes they blame
Russia it's called the January 6
Insurrection
hoax it just got ra McDaniel
fired you don't think it's still active
and and changing things in our world it
is it's changing things in our world and
it's a mass hysteria now this Mass
hysteria was um initiated by the news so
the news you know very intentionally
caused this Mass his area but I'd say at
least I don't know a third of the
country was told that in Insurrection
had happened and that Trump U wants to
stay in power
forever and that he was planning an
Insurrection and that's exactly what he
planned well Jeff Clark
um Jeffrey Clark he's a former justice
department official who worked with the
trump in around uh that time
excuse
me I'm allergic to the
news anyway Jeffrey Clark's uh being
investigated now and he's some of the
things we learned from one of his
co-workers is that you know there was
this attempt to try to organize these
alternative uh alternative electors so
that was true they did try to get them
they're on it was there they're a
placeholder to keep their rights active
so that it would be obvious there's a
dispute that the dispute could be worked
out the way we work out all disputes
usually in Congress or or in the courts
but it wasn't meant to be nefarious and
it wasn't meant to be illegal and it
wasn't meant to be overthrowing the
country but what we learned today is
from somebody who worked with Clark
who's in a lot of trouble by the way if
if things don't go his way what we
learned is that his coworker believed
that Clark was
um
serious and truly believed that the
election had been stolen and that his
work was trying to
correct what looked like an Insurrection
a stolen election so he was an
and paint that same set of actions as
being somebody trying to take over the
country and keep Trump in in power they
got to sell that narrative but now we
know what he was
thinking based on the fact that people
were with him and working at the time
that his all of his everything he did
suggested that he genuinely believed
there was this great Injustice and he
was trying to figure out how to fix it
now what does that do to The Narrative
of January 6 the entire narrative is
that it was planned and that people knew
the election was fake uh I'm sorry the
allegation is that they knew the
election was fair which is stupid nobody
could have known that even whether it
was fair or not you couldn't know it it
wasn't wasn't knowable but the news told
us you could know the unknowable and so
their idiots believed
them so now we know for sure that a main
character um and indeed and indeed there
has not been one set of evidence that
anybody who is trying to reverse the
January 6 results not a single person
has any evidence there's no evidence
that's been presented that any of
them believe that they were doing
something
wrong as opposed to trying to correct a
wrong every bit of evidence from every
testimony from every person supports the
narrative that Trump thought the
election was truly rigged and thought
they were avoiding an Insurrection not
causing
one has your news told you that did your
news tell you that we know for sure that
the January 6 main theme that Trump knew
it was a fair election and was trying to
overthrow It Anyway the main theme has
been completely debunked by a complete
lack of any
evidence that should be the biggest
story because now we know that all of
the prosecutions were
illegitimate we know that once you know
the people's
intentions were to correct a wrong not
to create a wrong but to correct a wrong
and that's definitely in evidence now
widespread in
evidence the whole narrative is gone and
yet the news treats it like none of that
happened and the the whole T pole that
was holding up the hoax is completely
gone not a single bit of evidence
nothing in writing nothing nothing even
people speculating about what somebody
else was thinking no evidence at all
that it was anything except what it
looked like somebody trying to correct a
wrong in his
mind all right we'll talk about that
Baltimore Bridge uh how many of you
think it was a terrorist
act that something got hacked and maybe
Putin was getting revenge it was all
kind of perfect because it was the
Francis Scott Key bridge so that was you
know gets to the real patriotism and it
was a critical Bridge because apparently
it's going to have a massive impact on
the supply chain I think we'll adjust
but it could affect prices and timing
and
stuff I'm going to say not likely it was
a terrorist attack and the reason I'm
going to say not
likely is that teror like you to know it
was
intentional that's sort of the whole
point of terrorism cuz people don't get
the same amount of fear for a natural
accident they just say well stuff
happens
um personally I would say that you know
my suspicions were raised but as of
today even the FBI says no it wasn't a
terrorist act can you give me a fact
check on that I believe the FBI has
ruled out terrorist attack
is that true which would suggest they've
talked to the captain and the crew and
they have a better idea that it may
maybe it was some ordinary mistake or
mechanical problem I think it was just
bad
timing yeah you're saying that the FBI
lies well that's true but would they lie
about this they might they might
yeah the FBI is no longer credible on
any political
stuff all right uh would Putin do this
though on some level it would be a
perfect response because if if the CIA
was behind hiring these um these
terrorists that went into Moscow and
some people say they were I don't know
if if that's true and they didn't leave
any Trace but yet Putin was sure it was
true would he do a similar attack in
which you couldn't tell if it was real
or not you you couldn't tell who did it
it would be kind of
perfect yeah there there is a little of
a perfect payback symmetry to
it but I'm still thinking coincidence
because you can read into these
situations anything you
want well more climate catastrophe it
turns out the ABC News is worried um
that Rising global temperatures could
change where the majority of the world's
wine is produced so France for example
might be less of a good wine Growing
Place but maybe some other places would
get
better so let me uh put this in
context um the climate alarm went from I
think your cities will be underwater in
12 years
to I don't want no Swedish wine
I I feel like they're slowly backing
out it wasn't long ago everything was
going to crash down on you the water
level would rise it would be super
hurricanes and you would fry in your
sleep but now I'm a little worried that
I won't be able to call anything
champagne because nothing will be gr
grown in the Champagne
region what if I have to drink wine that
came from Mongolia instead because it's
so warm
there I feel like the cat's on the
roof that's what it feels like it feels
like the cat's on the roof and the
predictions are not coming true at a
level that would support the narrative
so maybe they need to back off the
narrative too well when I said super
hurricanes I meant your chardonay might
taste
different see see what I mean it's going
from really bad to I don't know you
might have less access to
poison just think about it alcohol is
poison and one of the big problems of
global temperature rise if it's
happening is that uh you might have to
get your poison from a different
Source that's your biggest problem right
there well I don't know if I have to
poison Myself by putting a little extra
work into it that's no good
anyway uh Mike Ben talking about the
whole of government censorship effort so
did you know that the Department of
Homeland Security censorship agency sisa
cisa did you know Mike Ben reports that
they put a Washington Post reporter on
its taxpayer funded domestic
disinformation conference in
2020 where they formulated social media
censorship strategies for the 2020
election
just hold that in your
mind that the
government created very expensive
well-funded gigantic entities if you
count the entire web of connected
people um for the specific purpose of
censoring 2020 information and one of
the participants was the Washington Post
most famous for their CIA
connection so that's what you call as
Mike Ben says a ho of government
censorship effort yeah there were a lot
of people in on that so do you still
think that the Washington Post canceled
me because of what I
said does anybody think that I was
canceled because of what I
said or is it a coincidence that the
Washington Post led the cancellation and
we know the Washington Post is an
intelligence agency that works closely
with the Democrats and listening to me
talking public has got to hurt them a
little bit big coincidence not a single
Republican complained about anything I
said I mean they were uncomfortable with
it but once they heard the whole
explanation they're like oh okay Free
Speech yeah no everything's
political everything's political all
right I would like to say that not
knowing how anything works is not a
political opinion but we keep treating
it like it is we keep acting like
there's a difference of politic iCal
opinion on big topics it's not really
that it's really stupid people who don't
know how anything Works trying to debate
people who do know how things work and
then we imagine that has something to do
with politics that's not politics that's
just some people know how to analyze
things and some don't that's all that is
let me give you some
examples um Democrats don't know how
Free Speech
works that being the prior story if
you're if you have a strike force that
the government put together to censor
speech then you don't understand that
censoring speech is the end of
everything or maybe you do and you want
everything to end so it's like people
who don't understand how do you not
understand that Free Speech means you
don't censor people you disagree with
but they seem to think free speech
allows you to censor people you disagree
with which is the opposite it's
literally the opposite
now how do you have a how do you have a
political conversation with somebody who
thinks that's free speech that's
censoring is Free Speech you can't
that's that's a smart PE person arguing
with a dumb person if you don't know how
how anything works you would think that
limiting Free Speech could work out for
you well if you do know how anything
works you don't want to do
that how about open borders if you know
how anything Works you'd be against it
but if you don't know how anything works
in the real world you'll be for it you'd
be for it how about reparations how
about
Dei yeah if you understood incentives
and what it would do to the people who
are not benefiting from the Dei and what
kind of a obscenity it becomes when
people try to hit those targets but they
don't have enough supply of people to
hire it breaks
everything who knew do that well people
who understand how the real world Works
know that this is a disaster if you
don't know how the real world works you
think it's a way to get
Equity how about uh New York mayor Adams
is talking about giving debit cards and
free money to to
migrants prepaid debit
cards what what do you think will happen
if you start paying people to come here
illegally huh would there be
more of it or less of it if you reward
it I don't know I can't figure it out
ever since I registered to be a Democrat
I can't figure these things out well you
see my
point arguing about Free Speech open
borders Dei reparations and benefits to
immigrants those are not really
differences of
opinion those are differences of
intelligence period
those are just differences in ability to
understand your world nothing else now a
lot of it is
experience when we talk about the old
saw that says if you're young and you're
not a liberal you don't have a heart but
if you're older and you're not a
conservative you don't have a brain
you've heard that one right it's an old
one but the mechanism for that makes
sense the less experience you have of
how the real world works the more likely
you'll be seduced into something that
sounds like it's going to give you
fairness but as soon as you have more
experience and you see how things
actually work as soon as you hear about
Dei you say oh that can never work
because it will just cause people to
hire less qualified people to meet their
targets and the the Dei proponents can't
seem to understand that it's a supply
problem and not a demand problem and
that if they did away with Dei Dei
tomorrow the demand for diverse
employees would be the same nothing
would change because the companies
independently want to have more
diversity it's good for them you know
it's a good look as long as they don't
have to trade off any
competence but as soon as you turn it
into Dei they do have to trade off
competence because they're going to
trying to hit those Dei goals if you
don't understand that you really
shouldn't be in the
conversation right it's sort of basic
let's see that the German government is
doing well um and wokeness printed some
German government data on the percentage
of all crimes committed by Foreign born
populations in Frankfurt so in Frankfurt
the foreign born population uh were 100%
of serious sexual assaults I don't know
what makes it serious is that group
maybe gang gang assault probably uh
pickpocket incidents 93% is forign born
human trafficking 83% day home burglar
80% aggravated theft 76% illegal
smuggling 70% theft 66% crime against
life 60% child abuse 53% arson 52% Assa
52% that's just the Immigrant
population
now should you stop immigration because
of these
numbers that what what would somebody
who understands how the real world Works
what would be their response to seeing
these
numbers in the real world you don't let
more people in that will be in this
category right in the weird imaginary
Equity world that the Democrats live in
you increase the number who come
in it doesn't make any sense now in my
world and I think Elon Musk and a lot of
other people would agree that you we do
need more
bodies we can't S at the moment we can't
succeed without pretty strong
immigration bigger numbers than you used
to and way bigger numbers than you're
can be um comfortable with but we need
to vet them they need to come through a
system where we're weeding out the the
serial criminals it's just basic just
basic
stuff but no we won't do
that and meanwhile President Joe Biden
he's thinking about granting
amnesty to uh people have been here a
while and he's coming up with other
ideas to incentivize more illegal
migration does he know he's doing that
who knows can't read his mind but I can
tell you that anybody who understands
anything about anything says you
shouldn't incentivize criminals to come
to your country now I'm not saying all
immigrants are criminals obviously that
would be
ridiculous but too many criminals is a
problem all right uh there's a real
housewife of Beverly Hills anamarie Wy
who allegedly Colin rug is reporting
this allegedly lost her job as a real
housewife because she was a trump
supporter and she liked Candace Owens
and she opposed with her husband I guess
who was an athlete transgender athletes
didn't oppose
transgender didn't oppose transgender
just the athlete part you know competing
against uh women on women's teams all
right so now what's interesting about
this is that they're a black
couple so it's a black woman who got
kicked off a show allegedly for being
pro
Trump now is certainly believable but
remember what I told you all news about
public figures is
fake probably not an exception so it
might be true in the details that she's
uh she was let go from the show it might
be true that she's a trump supporter and
it might be true that that was a
contributing
factor but what we don't know was there
anything
else because there's a good chance if
you listen to the story that somebody
involved would have a different version
of that story now that should be your
primary first thing you think whenever
there's a public uh person in the news
first thing you should think is H news
about public figures not very often
right all right that ladies and
gentlemen brings me to the conclusion of
my prepared remarks did I miss any
stories is there anything happening that
I missed you know I find did I look
almost exclusively on social media for
the news
now um she could have been a pain in the
neck and they needed a reason well pain
in the neck probably wouldn't be a good
enough reason uh as long as she got
ratings so it could easily be that the
ratings or that she wasn't a popular
member of the show could be but I
suspect yeah you would think that a show
like that would benefit from having a
prot trump person in it because that
would be a source of stories and
conflict so to imagine that they thought
they would lose money by having a source
of conflict on a reality TV
show stretches the
imagination it it is easy to believe
that they just weren't comfortable
having a trump supporter on their show
and that's all that mattered so it is a
believable
story but I don't automatically think
you have the right context whenever
public figure is
involved uh do I think the guy in the
ship was drunk
no um I'm guessing that the ship
captain probably did as much as he could
because we know the lights
blinked so we we doubt that the ship
captain was directly responsible for the
lights going out so that that would say
that whether he was drunk or not
whatever the problem was wasn't
that uh they woke him up but that too is
not that doesn't tell you anything so
the captain has to sleep that's why you
have other people who can pilot a ship I
don't think the captain always has to be
awake nobody required
that so you know there there's going to
be a lot of conspiracy theories about it
uh I'm going to say say I lean toward um
it was just a human problem with some
mechanical problems thrown on
top
yeah yeah once a ship loses propulsion
there's not a whole lot you can do
you're not going to be steering
it but the fact that it did what it did
um here's how you should deal with
coincidence today a truck um ran into a
telephone pole
and the damage was quickly fixed was
that in the news no no because it was an
ordinary accident got fixed today a boat
sank in the harbor big news no cuz you
know little boats sink it's a thing
today a plane crashed but luckily the uh
the pilot was so good that he made a
good emergency landing and survived
walked away so what you're seeing is a
Sur Survivor bias sort of
situation so you have accidents
happening all over the world every day
every now and then one is going to have
a coincidence involved somebody's going
to hit the base of a
bridge
so your your problem in analyzing this
is that you don't see all of the
accidents that didn't cause a bigger
problem and so in a context where
there's just accidents everywhere
everywhere all the time every day some
of them are going to hit the base of a
bridge you see what I'm saying some of
them are just going to be worse than the
others and then we're going to think it
was a terrorist
attack
yeah see seems the boat turned well
everything about the action of the boat
appears to be uninformed people talking
about
it um because the things that we don't
know about are at some point they
dropped
anchor right so I think the boat was
sort of going in a direction and then in
desperation they dropped anchor and then
the anchor would cause you know them to
to Pivot off the The Anchor basically so
we don't know what the anchor did we
don't know what happens as the power was
coming on and off we did um apparently
there was also a strong uh flow it was
at the tide so there was a a water
effect there was a night effect there
was a technology effect there was an
anchor
effect so looking at the video isn't
going to tell you as much as you think
it
would yeah wrong anchor I don't know was
that a
thing uh well bumpers would have only
helped against a smaller object yeah
bumpers wouldn't have helped you against
a ship that size it would help against
the smaller
ones they did they did stop traffic
after the MayDay was received so it
looks like police did a heck of a good
job and did you hear did you hear the
story about one of the workers so there
was a work crew a repair crew that had
most of the death so a number of them
died um after the hit but one of them
fell in the water uh survived it was
like 48 degree water
survived um didn't need any s serious
medical treatment and brushed himself
off and said he just wanted to go
home imagine being that
guy he he survives one of the biggest
disasters in the country brushes himself
off and says all right I'm ready to go
home
now all
right all right ladies and gentlemen on
uh on YouTube and Rumble and X I'm going
to say goodbye to you and I'm going to
keep the feed open for the local
supporters only subscribers which you
could be as well and uh thanks for
joining I'll see you
tomorrow
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e