[Music]
hey everybody I am trying out my new
microphone on a different device that
wasn't working before so if we have any
technical difficulties don't say I
didn't warn you
but if we get if we get kicked off of
this periscope I'll just come back on
with a different device so good morning
I know I am here you're here to enjoy
the simultaneous M please join me raise
your mug you cup your glass your chalice
your stein your tankard if you will fill
it with your favorite liquid I like
coffee and join me for the cycle teen
you said well as many of you know by now
on 60 minutes of the woman who I call
our POS went on and said that the
president was definitely a racist
sending secret racist messages so I've
decided to stop calling her AOC and I'm
just gonna go with our POS
the first part of our Pia POS is racist
because she's decided to go for racist
now a lot of people have been asking me
Scott now you want to be our POS not our
POC our POS why because crap is not as
provocative as so here's what I
suggest
so a lot of people have asked me it's
got what is the persuasion response to
our POS and I've been saying well
there's not much you can do and you know
really engaged in that at all a lot of
people have come up with clever
nicknames for like I see one going by on
the comments occasional cortex but
here's my here is my first persuasion
advice if you call rpoS stupid it has no
persuasive power that this is the most
important thing I can tell you calling
her stupid or ignorant or uninformed has
no persuasive power do you know why
because the people who follow her agree
with what she says so you can't diminish
her power by calling her stupid when the
things she says are in complete
agreement with the people she's
primarily trying to to get on her team
so they're calling her stupid partner it
just will never get any traction keep in
mind that the Democrats called president
Trump stupid for three years right in
front of us they said he was a grand he
didn't pay attention to the details
did it make any difference to you if you
were a Trump supporter and then he heard
the other side say that his ideas are
stupid like oh it's stupid to have a
fence or a wall oh it's stupid to cut
taxes did that have any impact on you no
no so stop calling her stupid unless
you're just talking all right if you're
just communicating with a friend or
something and it's your opinion that's
fine but if you're trying to persuade
stupid gets you nothing it's completely
inert but here's something that might
not be so here's the question I would
ask her directly if I were in the media
and she's going to get interviewed a lot
and not all of the people who
interviewer are going to be other
team so there will be opportunities for
let's say unfriendly interviewers to
interviewer I think she'll probably go
for that she probably won't just live in
her interviews to one side although
obviously she'll favor them and here's
the question on answer I would ask her
if given her tax preferences and her
climate change ideas that Senator green
your green ideas does she favored a
transfer of wealth from white and Asian
Americans to other other ethnicities
that's that's the question that has to
be honest ask her directly directly do
you favor a transfer of wealth from
white and Asian Americans to other
ethnic groups I want to hear the answer
to the question don't you
because she's gone full racist now and
now and now it's on the table now before
she called President Trump a racist I
would say race wasn't in the question
and I would have I would have stayed
away from that as well and I think
you've noticed right I've talked about
our POS quite a bit and I've never been
should race that way I thought one of
her strengths was that she wasn't that
person but now that she's sort of
revealed herself to be race centric in a
fairly you know deliberate and conscious
way then I think the question is fair so
it's sort of like a court where if the
other side brings up a topic then you
can ask questions about it and I think
that's the question so does she favor
chance for wealth from white and Asian
Americans to other groups and how do you
answer that question if you're her now
if you're a if you're a Republican it's
an easy question right
no no I would not I would not prefer any
policies that transfer wealth based on
ethnicity that would not be a good idea
but it's kind of gonna be kind of hard
for her uh-huh let's talk about this
story about you're gonna have to help
you with the facts because I'm
unprepared
who was the was it a special forces guy
who's being charged with murder for
killing an Isis fighter in in a way that
is considered inappropriate apparently
what exactly what branch of the service
was he in it wasn't a Marine he is a
Special Forces so the first time I heard
that story I said to myself well this is
an easy one oh it's sealed somebody's
saying seal all right so a seal and he
killed killed an Isis prisoner or he'll
out of you he's alleged to have let the
prisoner go and then kill them or
something and when I first heard that I
thought I thought killing Isis is sort
of what we hired him to do and my first
thought was even if the circumstance is
a little gray I would definitely favor
the seal right if there's any gray area
at all or even if he killed this
prisoner after releasing him knowing
that the prisoner would become you know
dangerous and killed more people on our
side even if he sort of crossed a line a
little bit and killed somebody who was
himself a killer it was likely to kill
again I was gonna say yeah I think I'd
still rather side with the seal but then
I heard yesterday that he was turned in
by other seals so in other words it was
the other seals who said he crossed the
line and now it's not really a question
between the seal that I love and respect
and an Isis fighter that I wanted dead
and I didn't really care how it happened
yeah now it's a seal on seal crime
we're accusation anyway so that changes
is entirely kill jealousy I don't think
so I think that the only thing that
could have changed my mind was that the
other seals were the ones who said this
cross the line and I and I think from
their perspective they probably have
good reasons I haven't heard of yet but
I'm gonna I'm gonna I'm gonna say that
we should take that seriously now wait
if it you know of course wait for the
evidence of Kabam but our taking it
pretty seriously now excuse me I will be
on David Pakman show later this morning
and I think he's gonna divide it into
two parts so the some of it is tomorrow
if you don't know David Pakman his
podcast is popular and he's super super
anti Trumper we're going to be talking
about all the usual stuff so you might
want to catch that I'm going to do that
recorded at sea I guess it would be noon
Eastern Time but I'm not sure exactly
when it airs I'm not sure if it airs
live ever it's taped or what well anyway
look for that David Pakman bak ma a tak
I mean oh I'm sorry David Pakman yes
PA que ma m now let's talk about I'm
taking I've been taking you on a journey
on the climate science topic except I'm
not taking the position that either side
is taking you know there's generally the
you know the alarmist side and then
there's the denier side and I'm not on
either their side and the angle that I'm
taking on this is as a psychological
phenomenon alright so I'm going to study
what is stupid on both sides and what
makes sense on both sides and I'm going
to try to see if there's any way we can
get to anything even close to a
reasonable opinion given the information
that's
available here's what I found so far the
first thing I can say with confidence is
that the people who tell me hey Scott
you should do your own research on
climate change you know the the Internet
has it all go look for it yourself and
you will come to a clear conclusion
those people are the wrongest people of
all so if anybody says that a citizen
who is you know let's say an educated
person who's really committed to
researching it on their own can get to
the bottom of it by looking at all the
public sources that's not a thing I know
because I've been doing this for weeks
so for weeks I've been looking into it
and you can't get to the bottom what you
can do is convince yourself you got to
the bottom of it that you can do and the
way you can do it is follow either of
the silos if you if you read mostly the
climate scientist majority opinion it's
completely persuasive as long as you
ignore the other side but if you say all
right well I'll spend five minutes on
the other side and see what the skeptics
say you're gonna walk away saying oh
 the skeptics are exactly as
persuasive exactly they are just as
persuasive which is different from being
true different from being right but
persuasion wise identical let me tell
you how generally it goes so if you're
researching around your own and it goes
like this one side makes claim a and you
say to yourself okay if they're making
claim a let's see what the other side
says about it then you read the other
side and they say Oh claim a is false
and here's my chart showing you that
it's false what do you do with that I
can't go look at the measuring devices I
can't go to the satellites and find out
for myself
what do I do with it I've got to orotate
of people showing me two charts that are
just opposite
what do I do with that and you say to
yourself Scott you idiot
just go look at the public sources and
you can see where they got their data if
it came from a authoritative source such
as NASA or you know the IPCC or
something like that then you believe it
and if it came from somewhere else don't
believe it and I think okay that's a
good idea I'll find out if their source
is good they use the same source they
use the same source and produce
completely different charts what am I
supposed to do with that I can't tell
which one is right it's the same freakin
sources now part of it is that the
deniers like you know the the people who
are not alarmist let's say like to use
satellite data which apparently measures
the upper troposphere but I say how good
is that because apparently 90% of the
warming happens in the ocean are you
telling me that a satellite in space can
read the temperature below the depths of
the ocean in a way that's so accurate we
can tell if if the temperature's going
up by a degree in 10 years or whatever
it is I just don't believe that now yes
the argument is oh no we're not
measuring the ocean but if you measure
the upper troposphere that will at least
tell you if things are getting warmer or
cooler without directly measuring the
ocean so I say okay let's say that's
true and again notice how quickly I get
out of my depth which is my entire point
there is no such thing as a
well-informed educated citizen trying to
get to the bottom of climate change it's
just not a thing and I'm showing you how
it's not a thing by walking you through
this so the you know let me give you my
perfect example
MIT climate expert
I guess he's recently retired but
Richard linson right now if you don't
know MIT is the smartest of the smart
when it comes to science in this country
maybe the world if you can go to MIT
you're one of the smartest people in the
world if you can be a professor at MIT
you're really one of the smartest people
in the world this professor who worked
in exactly the area that they study
climate stuff so one of the smartest
people in the world that the highest
level credential MIT etc so that's his
qualification and watching a video of
one of the Twitter money one of my
Twitter followers sent me and said look
at minute 25 in this video and there is
Richard Linton and I had criticized him
for an earlier video he did on Prager
you where I said he ignored the primary
claim of climate science of the majority
the primary claim is that the rate of
increase not just that it's getting
warmer that doesn't mean anything
because the climate is always changing
so if they were just getting warmer
nobody would care or at least they
wouldn't be caring about co2 but the
fact that it's going up at a high rate I
said because Richard linson ignored that
he's not credible cuz he ignored the
primary claim and then somebody showed
me a video where he did address it
directly and I thought ok that's now
that's back on persuasive territory if
you don't adjust the primary claim of
the rate of increase you got nothing as
a critic and so he shows this is a
richer linson shows it you know it's
it's a video of him giving the
presentation and he shows on his field
on his chart the the hockey stick claim
with the temperatures and then he puts
next to it the curve for 1919 to 1940
and it's the same
so 1919 to 1940 the co2 from humans was
of course much different than what we
have in modern times so if it's true
that the rate of increase between 1919
and 1940 was the same as our recent
increase if that's true and co2 wasn't
much of a factor then doesn't that
completely disprove the primary claim of
climate science and the answer is only
if you stop there so again no matter how
deep you go it's Turtles all the way
down so if if I stopped my research
there and said okay the main claim is
that it goes up like this and now here's
a perfect example of where it's recent
enough that we're pretty confident about
the measurements of the temperature it's
happened before with with without the
co2 being much of a factor we're done
right the the entire argument is over if
you stop there but is there also a
rebuttal to why there used to be a curve
and now there's a curve and word now
we're blaming co2 but we didn't blame it
before can the global warmest people
explain that and the answer is of course
they can now have I heard their
explanation not yet but I
guaran-fucking-tee you I'm sorry I
guarantee you I guarantee you they can
answer that I just don't know if the
answer is and if they answered it I
guarantee you that Richard Lindsay would
say well they got that wrong and here's
why and if he said that I guarantee you
the climate scientist would say no he's
criticizing us wrong and here's why
you can't get to the bottom there is no
bottom on this well and you know I
promise you that's true
now here's here's some other interesting
things and again I'm only going to be
talking about the persuasiveness of the
argument because the science of it the
truth of it is impenetrable even if you
try really hard and here's some other
things so apparently one of the problems
with Michael Mann's theory of the hockey
stick curve is that there was some older
data and I think it might have been the
there was some earlier period that had
to be explained
there was an anomalous earlier period
and if he couldn't explain it then his
theory would be bunk but if he could
find a way to explain it then his theory
would mean would stay and the way he
found then again I may have this wrong
so if Michael Mann hears about this or
somebody who knows his work hears about
it I would invite you to correct me on
this point because I'm about
I think I'm 75 to 80 percent sure I'm
right about this but I need a fact check
on this I believe that he used tree
rings to confirm his theory in other
words he looked at the rings on
old-growth trees and he determined that
they were consistent with his with his
theory and that that was sort of like a
big point he got those three rings right
that agreed with this theory so now it's
all consistent in the past it's
consistent in the current and he's got a
nice consistent reason for his curve and
then I read this morning that the tree
ring experts said he was wrong so
Michael Mann said climate expert but
there are also apparently such as such
things as you know tree ring experts and
the tree ring experts said that that
whatever this clever thing that my
command did was just wrong
here's my question
if allegedly 90% percent of climate
scientists agree and that being
something now of course I don't think
it's 97 percent let's say the majority
if the majority agree in science that
that has some weight doesn't mean it's
true they can be wrong but as weight you
you have to take that seriously
but don't we also tell you seriously if
22 tree-ring experts tell the
climatologist he got it wrong that
matters doesn't it and there's a great
sentence here I've got to read you this
part from our technic Technica talks
about this situation so there's
something about the tree rings being
walked by a year I'm looking for the
exact quote that maybe laughs I hear it
is by using a simple model of tree ring
growth that simulates artificial records
so far do you know what that means by
you so the so michael mann used a simple
model of tree ring growth that simulates
artificial records in other words he
used the simulation to validate his
simulation does that sound reliable and
maybe it is again I'm not a scientist
but if you tell me that somebody used a
simulation to validate the problem with
their simulation I'm immediately gonna
record some questions and then it says
man and his colleagues found that taking
into account taking this into account
could produce hypothetical
reconstructions that
the climate model of predictions so he
found that he could make a simulation
which the dendrochronologist these are
the people who are the experts on tree
rings
many of the dendritic dendrochronologist
who compiled these tree ring records
took offense to the idea that they
hadn't noticed such an important error
in their field so in other words Michael
Mann alleges that he made a scientific
breakthrough of enormous importance in
the field of tree rings that was both
obvious and all the expert on tree rings
hadn't yet noticed possible right if you
assume that he also made a huge
breakthrough in climate why wouldn't he
be smart enough to make a huge
breakthrough in tree rings can't rule
that out right but I would note that
when we're talking about the science of
climate being settled that the
dendrochronologist may disagree and I'm
pretty sure they're they're scientists
right they're experts so at least the
tree ring people have a little
disagreement with one of the main
supports of climate change but so here's
what they say say many of the
dendrochronologist the tree ring people
who compile these tree ring records
took offense to the idea that they
hadn't noticed such an important error
after all
researchers always cross-checking tree
ring records with other trade other
trees in the area to look for issues
like skipped rings and growth variation
between individuals trees 23 of those
scientists submitted a comment to Nature
Geoscience about the manage winters of
Rutherford paper in it they outlined
that they felt were flaws in the method
of the paper and then they go on to
question it so here's my question if the
tree ring people don't agree with the
primary
nation of the micro man graph and they
are scientists can you say that it's
settled because this article if it's
true sounds sounds credible the article
doesn't would say no now
let's stay on climate change but I'm
gonna change the topic a little bit now
I get I keep in mind that one of the
things I'm looking for as I'm studying
this Turtles all the way down on climate
change is I'm looking for any one thing
you could look at and say okay if this
is true then what the climate scientists
are saying is probably also true but if
it's false they're almost certainly
wrong like is there is there sort of one
thing that you could go to and I would
say one of the one things would be
Richard Linton's graph that says that
the rate of increase we're seeing is
common and it's happened before co2 was
a big problem is that true why can't we
find out if that's true it seems like
that would be something that we can
determine but then I ran into this
argument so apparently the satellite
images show a extended period recently
where there's there's a plateau in the
warming I think is 17-year pause or
something like that
now the pause appears to be in the
satellite data again I'm open to all
fact-checking on this so the satellite
checks the upper truck or the lower
troposphere
so it's checking the atmosphere for
temperatures not checking the ocean and
it's not checking the land directly it's
checking the air and according to that
there was a 17 year pause what do the
climate experts say explains a 17 year
pause while co2 is going up and co2 is
the main driver of climate what is their
explanation for the pause do they say
satellites can't measures
stuff I don't know if they say that do
that or do they say well I'll tell you
what they say they say the 17 years
isn't long enough to determine anything
just let that let that soak in for a
little while so the the one of the ways
that the satellite measured 17 year
pause in temperatures increasing as
explained is that 17 years isn't long
enough to get the full trend you need
something closer to 30 you know 30 would
be kind of convincing so if you're
looking at save the average of this 30
years in this 30 years in this 30 years
then you could draw a line that was
pretty good but they acknowledge that in
any seventeen year period you might have
some anomalies there let's say that's
true what is the most common thing you
hear about climate change the most
common argument you hear for climate
change is wait for it that the
temperature has gone up precipitously in
the last 17 years now I'm making up 17
but we're talking about recent years so
whether you say that's recent 10 years
of the reason 20 years it's all the same
marketing the entire climate change
argument is sort of predicated on the
fact that what we're seeing in our
recent 10 years is telling us something
very important at the same time they're
explaining the way the satellite pause
in temperature for 17 years by saying
that's not long enough to really say
anything you have to look at bigger
periods so they can't both be right
right now again let me go back to my
context my context is not that I'm
giving you good information about
climate science because I know that's
not happening right you should not take
anything I say is good
no climate for sure I'm coming at it as
a concerned citizen who is legitimately
trying to figure out what's going on so
that I can contribute to the you know
the political you know direction I guess
and I can't get to the bottom of it and
I cannot form an opinion with the
information that I have and these are
the reasons so here's what I'd love to
be an outcome of this I'd love an
outcome to be boiling it down to let's
say let's say six good skeptical claims
and I don't have the six yet but I'm
starting to form them if you could boil
it down to just six good skeptical
claims instead of the twenty-five or
fifty that you hear all the time and
imagine that the climate experts suppose
they could explain away in in a
satisfying way the six strongest claims
would you be willing to say that the
twenty five other claims you have that
are weaker maybe don't mean that much
would you be willing to do that and
likewise if the if the experts can't
explain the you know maybe the top three
or top six or let's say they can only
explain three of the top six claims if
you have three strong skeptical claims
that can withstand the best challenge
from the scientists that would mean
something wouldn't it it would mean it's
not as settled science as you think and
I don't know which way it would end up I
don't have a prediction right now I
suspect that the climate scientists
could explain all of the skeptical
things if you gave them time to do it
and if they were interested in doing it
but I think we can get it down to a few
claims that are the strong ones now let
me give you an example of a weak claim
there's there's a claim that all of this
climate stuff is really a
all scam and the reason for the scam is
that there are globalists who are using
it as a smokescreen to transfer wealth
from I guess rich people to poor people
is that the transfer do I have that
right so it's a it's a globalist scheme
and that the whole climate stuff is
completely made-up now I would consider
that one of the dumbest opinions so that
one doesn't pass any sniff test by me
here's what's wrong that in order for
that to be the case that climate change
is nothing but a clever scam all of the
scientists working on it would have to
be in on it
somebody says the IPCC admitted it well
I've seen a meme in which the picture of
a guy I don't know is is what do you
call it when you put words on top of it
and somebody put words on top of it that
appeared to be a quote from him saying
that that's what they're all about maybe
you've seen it too do you know that
those are usually just made up right
it's either an ik context or made up or
he's just a critic or something it is
very unlikely that the IPCC said that
and I know you have a source for right
and you're going to send me a source
that's a quote taken out of context if
you can't send me a video of somebody
saying it with full context I'm not
going to believe that's true because
it's it's ridiculous on the surface and
it's ridiculous all the way down the the
scientists working on climate change are
not doing their job to satisfy a secret
cabal of people cleverly running the
world through a fake scam called a climb
escape climate change Al Gore is not
part of a secret clever plan to get
something else done by by climate change
that's the dumbest opinion on climate
and and believe me there are a lot of
dumb opinions on climate
let me give you another one here's
another terrible opinion on climate this
was not dumb as much as uninformed and
it goes like this
that people are still building on the
coast and people are still getting loans
and getting insurance for a living on
the coast and therefore they can't be
that worried about sea-level rising
because they're building there and
they're putting the money exactly where
you would not put a house if the sea
level was rising
that's a terrible opinion it doesn't
understand banking it doesn't understand
insurance it doesn't understand and most
importantly rich people so first of all
people are not that smart to connect
nuts
people are not good at managing risk so
if you had nothing but the normal
situation where people are just bad at
making decisions you would still have
plenty of people building on the coast
if all of the smart people who believed
in climate change and let's say they're
all right in this hypothetical they're
all right climate change is bad sea
levels going up if you took all of those
people who would have built on the coast
and said and move them inland how many
people would be left a lot there are so
many dumb people in the world that if
80% of all the smart people decided not
to build on the coast because of climate
change there would still be millions and
millions of people who are not smart
enough
you'll always have people who will do
dumb things there's no exception to that
you have so many people that if 99% of
the dumb people I'm sorry if 99% of the
smartest people moved inland it would
still be plenty of people to buy real
estate on the coast and there will be
plenty of banks to make them loans and
plenty of insurance companies to make
bad decisions and give them insurance
now on top of that you don't understand
that rich people work if you're a
billionaire and you want a beach house
you don't really care if it's only gonna
last
five years it's not financially
important to you and you know and maybe
it won't be underwater you know because
the sea level goes up in different
different ways in different places so
and if you're a billionaire you just
throw away that house or you have
insurance or something now why does bank
give you a loan for that house well the
bank also is not terribly worried about
something that'll happen in 30 years
secondly people who are rich enough to
buy in the Coast often don't need loans
they just pay cash if I bought a beach
house I probably shouldn't tell you this
but well I guess I can tell you this I
did once buy a condo right on the beach
and did the bank give me a loan for my
condo that was right on the beach
this was in Maui I don't have it anymore
but while ago I did did the bank make me
alone for my beach property no they
didn't because I paid cash because
that's what rich people do I just paid
cash so would an insurance company give
me insurance for a place on the beach
even in the context of climate change
risk yes they would because insurance is
renewed every year they will give me
insurance for as many years as they're
confident that next year won't be that
much different which probably could be
years and years and years all right so
if you're saying that people wouldn't
buy on the beach if climate change were
real because the bank's the insurance
company and the rich people themselves
would make different decisions
completely wrong that is completely bad
analysis there will always be people on
the beach because even if the smart rich
people left the dumb poor people would
come and say hey free beach
built built here you know I can get at
least ten years out of this so that is
the worst argument it's the worst
argument is that people wouldn't build
on the beach and by the way when you
when you dig into the climate change
stuff and you try to do your own
research like that's that really works
you'll find two facts that I have so far
not been able to negotiate one of those
facts is that the sea level is
definitely rising and the other fact is
that the sea level is not rising those
two facts are both out there and can be
found from credible sources if you do
your own research who is it who said
that there's no evidence of the sea
level rising from climate change do you
know a source that was the IPCC in 1990
said they didn't have evidence of sea
level rising because of co2 in 1990 and
by then certainly they were paying
attention to climate change so maybe
they found it recently what I'm saying
is that you can you can search forever
and you'll just find competing versions
of truth and you will not have the
capability or the time or the expertise
to figure out which one is right and
indeed if you have the time and you have
the expertise you would be like the two
people who have different opinions
because apparently you having the
expertise does not make everybody come
to the same opinion so there's nothing
you can do to get down to the reality
you can't get there from here all right
so the idea that that people can read
tree rings oh and using of the problem
with tree rings as a temper
your proxy apparently people can look at
tree rings and just have different
opinions I mean just think about that
imagine you're looking at a tree ring
and you're trying to tell the
temperature in you know 1990 from a tree
ring do you look at you go uh looks like
it was a kind of a sunny weather that
summer I mean I do get that the tree
rings are approximate you know stories
why are they ever really going to be
good enough to tell the temperature a
hundred years ago
I don't know I'm skeptical all right
we're just looking at your comments here
for a moment
yes and then there's the issue there's
the issue that there can be oh yeah that
I talked about this yesterday so the
Medieval Warm Period is explained away
because one part of the world was
unusually warm while another part of the
world was not now have you ever seen a
map of where all the temperature gauges
are around the world excuse me if you've
seen the map but it shows the globe and
then there's a little red dot for where
all the places are we we have
terrestrial monitoring and including in
the oceans it's I think it's like 95
percent in the United States am I wrong
about that 95 percent of the measuring
devices are just in the United States
and the rest of them are just a dot here
and there in the world and a few other
concentrations and if that's the case so
here are the two facts we have that the
the terrestrial measuring devices are
the the primary argument for climate
change because the satellite stuff is a
little more ambiguous because it shows
that you know that plateau etc but we
also know that the the medieval warming
period was localized there was one part
of the world say the climate experts
that got much warmer while other part of
the world got much colder and then you
look at a map of where all the
temperature measuring devices are and
there are these enormous parts of the
globe that are not measured how do we
know those aren't the cold parts I mean
could we really measure 10% of the earth
and be pretty confident that there are
no big warm or cold cold spots that we
missed it just doesn't make sense to me
but again when I say it doesn't make
sense to me what I mean is you can't get
to the level of understanding it as a
you know I'm not saying that there's no
scientist who can explain it I'm just
saying I could never get there because
I'll just find another scientist who
says the opposite
and then I can't tell the difference all
right that's where we are for now same
question how often do you get recognized
in public that's an interesting question
and a good change of topic oh we're
going to talk about the steel barrier in
a moment I get recognized in the public
farm or now because of these periscopes
so prior to doing the periscopes it was
rare I would say close to never but
sometimes if I checked into a hotel
sometimes it would recognise me my name
but before before doing periscopes
almost never recognized by sight and now
if I travel the odds of me being
recognized in public now or a high so I
do get recognized in public let's talk
about the steel barrier as I have been
telling you for now a few months the
only way this will ever be settled this
border wall / fence situation is when we
can come up with solution that is
neither wall nor fence but is both and
the steel barrier is a whence it's sort
of a wall like fence the winds at the
moment we're still in the the stupid
zone so the stupid zone is where
politicians do engineering and tell you
what a barrier should look like and
where it should be etcetera so we have
to get past stupid to get the the
government opened now when I say we have
to get past stupid I don't mean that the
people who were involved are stupid
people but what they're telling the
public right now is clearly stupid right
now they're engaged in a negotiation
there
aged in public opinion building they're
engaged in persuasion so the people
doing the stupid stuff are not
themselves stupid President Trump is not
is not stupid the way he's running this
he's actually running it pretty well in
my opinion and Pelosi is not stupid she
is doing her job pretty well and that's
exactly why there's a problem
you have two people if I may say so
Pelosi and Trump are she's a good
nemesis right she's she's a solid solid
politician and the reason you have we
have a you know what the reason we're
stuck is that they're both so good
but the current view of both of them for
public consumption is just stupid
because in no world do you let
politicians make engineering decisions
so they do need to figure out how to
have a gap from stupid to let the
engineers do it and that that gap
they've not figured out yet and maybe
it's not time to figure it out because
remember it's not just about making an
engineering decision it's about the
politics of it it's about who wins it's
about 2020 it's about all that stuff but
and but you're not gonna see an end to
this until somebody suggests the bridge
and the bridge might be something like a
budget with some restrictions built in
so for example they could say we'll give
you the you know five point six billion
or whatever number they end up with but
it's not fully approved until the
engineers have brought us a proposal
that explains what's wall and what's
fence you're done because both of them
can claim victory send it off to the
engineers the engineers will come back
guaranteed with something that looks
like you know a variety of solutions
across the board depending on the need
and the you know eminent domain and a
whole bunch of other things
and then when it comes back and that may
be you know months from now both sides
can say well we're not going to go
against the engineers and they say put
this steel barrier in some places and do
other solutions in other places and
let's let's do what the engineer say
that will give both sides the ability to
claim victory and if you don't get to
the point where both sides can claim
victory you don't get to anything so
look for that when when they start
talking about how to budget it with
restrictions and the restrictions being
that the that the engineers have to come
back with a specific proposal that will
be approved when they have the proposal
that's when it gets serious now it's
just and it's just politicians trying to
convince the stupid public of a stupid
point now I tweeted yesterday that
there's this weird disconnect on the the
Democrats opinion about the wall they
say two things about it number one the
wall will not work number two walls are
immoral but if they don't work who
exactly loses it's just a waste of money
right it can't it can't be true
simultaneously that it's immoral and it
doesn't work unless you're assuming that
the intentions of the people who want to
build it are moral and that's not in
evidence
I'm pretty sure the intentions are
people want to stop crime control the
border you know all the usual stuff they
could be right or they could be wrong
but it's not immoral they just want a
wall so Nancy Pelosi has painted herself
in a corner with this immoral thing and
here's the way you should get out of it
somebody needs to ask Nancy Pelosi if
all forms of border control are immoral
and sort of drill down on that
because the opinion falls apart because
she said she's in favor of border
control and if the if the / wall that's
being considered is this steel barrier
that you can see through is that is that
a you know is that an immoral fence or
whence or wall you know Leonard let her
I would show her two pictures one is all
or three maybe a wall an existing fence
so we have you know less impressive
defenses right now I'm sure a concrete
wall a fence that we don't have a fence
that we do have and then the winds you
know the steel structure show her those
three pictures and say which ones are
immoral is it just the concrete one or
the others a little less than immoral
because it's easier to climb over I
would just you know get her to some
specificity in that because if that's
her primary objection it's not really
she she wisely did not make the case
that it's too expensive you know I think
she said that but she's not dying on
that on the hill if it's too expensive
because the budget is so big compared to
this ask so she's painted herself in the
corner I think we should show her three
pictures concrete wall Steel's and steel
lattice thing and existing fences that
are already on the border and let her
judge the morality of each of those
solutions and I would like to see your
answers let me tell you the dumbest
argument for a wall alright I think my
value to you is that you can trust that
if something doesn't make sense I'm
gonna call it out no matter which team
it is right so there's something that
the trumpet team says that is ridiculous
it's the worst argument for a wall and
I'll bet every one of you have used this
argument and the argument is that they
built a wall on
I know El Paso over wherever it is and
it took the illegal crossings down to
zero all right I'll say it again just so
you know what the setup is so the
argument is the walls work because we
built a wall and I think it's El Paso
and it took the illegal crossings down
to zero wherever it was it doesn't
matter where it is the the arguments the
same is that a good argument somebody
says I lived there and it's true it's
true and it's stupid it's true as far as
I can tell they built a wall when it
stopped the illegal immigration down to
zero here's why it's stupid you don't
think those people just went somewhere
else and crossed do you think do you
think that people walked up to a wall
that's that's you know let's say it's
five or ten miles long or whatever it is
you know it's it's just a little piece
of the border do you think people walked
up to that structure and set up there's
a wall here in just this little place I
guess I can't cross the border I guess I
give up now somebody's saying the
friction argument the friction argument
is that whenever you put up some
friction you change behavior in every
field it doesn't matter if you're
talking immigration and gun control
whatever if you make it harder for
somebody to do something then they're
gonna do less of it does it really make
it harder to cross the border if the
people who are likely to cross the
border talk to other people and they say
oh we used to go across El Paso but now
they have a wall there so now when you
want to go across I just go down there
totally wide open the argument for a
wall slash border only works if you're
doing all of it or all of the easy parts
if you have a fence across all of the
easy parts you have a strong argument it
doesn't matter if you have not a wince
or a wall in whatever you have but if
you have a strong border control on all
of the easy parts to get across that's a
strong argument if if that looks like it
reduced
immigration I wouldn't even have to I
don't think I'd even have to look at the
data to know that that was a good idea
because if all this left are the hard
parts to get across
that's friction that's real but if
you've got a border this this big and
you've built a wall that's this big and
and you found that zero people across
that little wall that little area and of
all this you don't know a freaking thing
you don't know anything if all you know
is this little piece of wall stop people
from going over the wall because you
don't know if they just went to the
other places and walked in and I assume
they did right so I hope that gives me a
little bit of credibility with you and
damn you stink somebody said I hope that
gives me a little bit of credibility
because dumb is dumb no matter which
side it comes from and and that whole
wall argument being on two percent
effective if you build a little bit of
it is just done now is it wrong for them
to say it no it isn't because the border
control people and President Trump and
his administration are in the they're in
the business of persuasion now if a full
good border security were a bad idea I
would say my god they're being dumb and
they're using evil persuasion to get a
bad result then I would not be in favor
of that but if they're persuade
persuading in a way that is as I like to
say directionally correct then I'm
generally okay with it and it is
directionally true that walls work
that's directionally true it is
directionally true that if we had enough
border security and it was better we
could reduce immigration I think that's
just absolutely true we don't need but
that very specific thing we built a wall
in El Paso and it took immigration down
to zero that's just ridiculous
people just obviously just learn to go
around
the wall so there's that I don't see any
chance that the government will reopen
really really soon
it feels like both sides need to take
this as far as they can because they
both need to explain they need to
explain why they didn't fight hard
enough if they lose so both sides have
to just take this longer so anything
that happens in the next you know a few
days maybe it might even be weeks I
don't know probably doesn't matter
because neither side really wants to
solve it we're not calling her AOC for
those of those of you who were joining
I've changed her nickname to rpoS racist
piece of because she's going full
racist she's gone full hawk Newsome
white people are bad with her latest
comments on 60 minutes so now I think
she has to be challenged on that so I I
have personally just to make this as
clear as possible I was amused and
appreciated her persuasive power and
their ability to get to get attention
etcetera but now she's crossed a red
line for me which is calling half of the
country racist because when you tell
when you say that Trump is you're really
saying that his followers are as well
and so rpoS is dead to me but I don't
mind talking about her the specific
thing I'd like to talk about her more is
I think Nancy Pelosi must be challenged
to explain her so Nancy Pelosi has to
explain why there's somebody in her
party who was making Nancy Pelosi look
like a chimp
sorry rpoS is getting all the attention
she is doing everything that you
is essentially she's moving the brand of
Democrats and Nancy Pelosi looks like a
week really ineffective leader because
she's letting that happen so the fight
should be between the Democrats because
Pelosi is just being totally kneecapped
by our POS and and she's making and I
don't know if Nancy Pelosi is saying
these things about President Trump at
the moment I'm sure she has in the
context of politics in the past but you
don't see Pelosi going after Trump as a
racist lately
am I wrong about that doesn't it seem
that Pelosi is trying to be productive
and trying to make stuff work you know
whether you love her or hate her it
seems like Pelosi generally wants to
make things work and she wants her
version of things to work but she seems
like on the productive you know road not
the unproductive road and I think Trump
and Pelosi can get on the same Road
eventually but she's being kneecapped by
her own side so she's gonna have to get
our POS under control if she wants to be
effective all right am I surprised
Bart rpoS not really ninety percent of
Democrats agree yeah I didn't say it
wasn't popular Pelosi apologist
well she got a new nickname today rpoS I
think she has to answer for that
every time she speaks forever she's
gonna have to she's gonna have to answer
why does she want to take money away
from white people and Asian Americans
and transfer it to other ethnicities and
if she doesn't want to do that she
should say it directly all right
oh my interview with David Pakman is at
9:00 a.m. my time which would be noon
Eastern Time but I'm not sure when it
airs I'm not sure how much is live and
how much is recorded but I'll link to it
as soon as there's a link to it so you
you'll catch that all right that's
enough for me bye for now