but I'm pom pom pom pom pom pom pom hey
Molly hey angel angels savvy whoever I'm
not sure which one is your first name
Sharona you're always quick Jeremy good
to see you I believe some of you are
sitting there with your coffee and your
devices waiting for me to come on you've
learned that if it's 10:00 a.m. Eastern
Time
7 a.m. Pacific time you know what time
it is it's time for coffee with Scott
Adams and so will you please join me for
what could be one of the best parts of
your day please raise your glass your
mug your cup your container you're
jealous
you're Stein fill it with your favorite
beverages I like coffee and join me for
the simultaneous ascent good stuff now
I'd like to ask my co-host Dale I'd like
to ask Dale to do a reading from a CNN
the story that's titled the Mullard may
be poised to lift the lid on his
investigation now as you know Dale
considers and the article about Muller
on CNN to be a form of pornography and
so I thought I would ask Dale to read it
in his inimitable way so we could see
the world through his eyes if you're
Dale how much do you love this article
titled Muller may be poised to lift the
lid on his investigation
let me get Dale for you in a moment I'll
be right back
hello I would like to read for you today
from an article entitled Muller whoa
excuse me I got a little little
flustered Muller oh I'm sorry
I'll try to read his name again without
shuddering in in pleasure Muller
okay I'm not there yet Mahler may be
poised to lift the lid
lift the lid you got to be you know I
mean on his investigation oh it gets
better
it just matter American may get his most
intimate Oh America may get us most
intimate look yet inside robert muller
secretive russia investigation in the
next four days with a series of
disclosures i'm talking multiple
disclosures here not just long a series
they have the potential to be greatly
damaging for president Trump
court filings focusing on trolls first
national security advisor Michael Flynn
and Tuesday and it's a campaign Cameron
Michael for Paul Manafort on Friday
could offer tantalizing new details of
Muller's deep dive how deep is the dive
you know they need is it the deep dive
or is it a deep dive into the 2016
campaign if the special counsel lives up
to his reputation I think we know his
reputation is don't we don't we oh yeah
his filings will feature surprising
revelations and rich texture to color
the picture he has already painted in
the indictments and witness testimony of
a culture of wait for it endemic
dishonesty
I didn't trump's orbits about multiple
again not just one not just one multiple
so far unexplainable ties where the
Russia
here's the money shot he may also begin
to add context to the answers to some of
the intriguing clues he has dropped in a
probe that has so far seen three people
sentenced one convicted of trial at
trial and seven guilty pleas and he was
charged early sex PayPal and entities of
the total of 192 criminal accounts this
is getting close to president Trump wait
for it wait for it with each twist of
the investigation a fascinating trove
trove I say trove is building of hints
and implied connections odd coincidences
and appear at shady links shady links
between the key players that is crying
out for explanation here comes catch my
breath it is now clear that Muller is
building a layered at narrative a
layered narrative starting at the edge
or he is edging he's starting at the
edge of the drama
my first exposing right exposing Russian
election interference and I'm not making
this up folks and fingering the culprits
I swear to God I am just reading this
fingering the culprits in Moscow's spy
agencies he has bolstered his story with
successful swoops I gives former Trump
aids like Manafort and his deputy Rick
aids showing their ties to pro-russian
fingers in Ukrainian Baba
and here's the good part the continuum
running through the investigation
showing links between Trump associates
and businesses and Russia that has been
often subtle
my god
stepping up the pace of his probe since
the midterm elections Moeller has moved
in a direction that appears increasingly
threatening to the president including
his crossing of trump's red line or are
on the red line
well sorry interest in this family
real-estate empire this is just too good
all right the rest of its just boring so
I think I won't read it and see now have
I told you that it seems to me that that
people reading see and then about the
molar probe are actually literally
reading it like porn that it just feels
good to read these fantasies about which
trouble the president is allegedly in
and I'll drink to that
so you may have not seen I tweeted this
but most so you probably didn't see it
that the President had authorized had
authorized the pump open so listen to
this this is a president a government
report it says not in October through
executive order the administration
directed the government the Department
of Health and Human Services to go to
come up with listen to this a high
quality care and affordable prices based
on promoting choice and competition so
there's actually a status report coming
out from the government in which and I
didn't know this but apparently
President Trump ordered last year that
the government work on creating their
colleague at a health care plan but
essentially packaging things that the
government can do by increasing
competition and getting
rid of obstacles by choice and
competition mostly to create lower-cost
health care by promoting choice and
competition now the report itself is a
lot of big words and concepts and I
don't really understand what they've
done but apparently they've done a lot
in terms of chipping away at the the
market forces that were imperfect so I
still think the administration has not
come anywhere near where they need to be
on promoting startups for healthcare
especially and bringing down the
barriers but they're working on it so
the good news is the the government has
an effort this seems to be exactly in
the right place but seems like a lot
more ting a lot more to do and they need
to package that reports a little bit
better because it's just a bunch of
concepts and big words it's hard to read
but nothing on that so it turns out that
Canada is having a fentanyl problem that
is very large it's as a percentage of
the United States it's you know because
the population is smaller than the
United States it's fewer numbers but as
a percentage is horrible as well and
they are also talking about getting
tough with China so even Canada the
nicest people in the world are thinking
that they need to get a little bit
tougher with Canada and one of their top
officials was asked I forget which the
name of his office but was asked if he
thought that China was intentionally
trying to weaken the West with fentanyl
and he said he doesn't know so in other
words even the government's at the top
level they're not quite sure if China is
intentionally trying to weaken other
countries with fentanyl but that it's
possible they don't rule it out that's
scary
there's a report today in Bloomberg and
Wall Street Journal I think had
something to in which the
to movement has made it very difficult
for women to pursue their careers
because apparently Wall Street and a lot
of the finance people they talk openly
now about not inviting women to dinner
not having private meetings with women
not mentoring women and cancelling
events if women will be there and women
have noticed that it will be a huge
problem for their careers now as you
might know that when the me tube
movement first started picking up steam
that was my prediction my prediction was
that it would be a catastrophe for women
who were trying to advance in their
careers and one of the big problems is
that if you want to be mentored and
things are imbalanced right now most of
the top jobs executive jobs are held by
men and a lot of companies not every
company but you are you're cut off from
the people who would benefit you the
most you can't really have a you can't
really have a meeting with a woman alone
and expect that that will be a safe
situation or at least men don't believe
it's safe I was try to think the last
time that I had any kind of a meeting
alone with a woman who was not Christina
and I can't remember it's it's been
years a couple of years and it was for
whatever the me to thing first kicked
off and that was really the last time I
had any kind of a meeting alone with a
woman and I don't think that I would I
don't think that I would all right
I've been I haven't been talking or it
had not been talking about the riots in
France and apparently there were 36,000
people rioted in France about the
increase in the gas tax
and the reason I hadn't paid attention
to it is because it just seems not
interesting people don't like taxes so
they protested and I thought to myself
that's not really the biggest story in
the world people don't like a new tax so
they protest bla bla bla but then
somebody told me I won't tell you that
the backdrop for this is that the gas
tax was specifically designed for
reducing climate change the idea was
that if they taxed gas people would get
more efficient vehicles it would force
them toward efficiency that would lower
the amount of co2 in the air and that
would have a beneficial effect on
climate change and so I said to myself
what that can't be the story because if
that were the story I would have noticed
because I watched the news and even
though I had only skimmed the stories
about the French protest I thought to
myself wait a minute if climate change
was behind this whole protest that would
sort of be in the headlines every time
you turn it on TV they'd be talking
about it bla bla bla climate change and
so I was skeptical and I said to myself
all right well I'll google it and I'll
Google and see what comes up so I Google
I googled it without the term climate
change and a bunch of articles come up
for major publications and I read it and
there's nothing there about climate
change there's something there about gas
tax but no explanation of why you would
raise the gas tax and I thought to
myself well so it's not really about
climate change it's just because the
prices went up and people don't like
that and then I thought to myself well
what if I Google you know Paris gas
riots climate change and only then did I
find an article from a major publication
in this case NBC News
in which they said the context is that
McCrone wanted to do something about
climate change and so he wanted to raise
the taxes but what he did was he decided
that to fight climate change by raising
taxes on the the the lower end of the
income spectrum and it made me laugh
because I thought was there no point
where he saw this problem coming where
you you you raised the taxes on the low
income people to make things better for
the top one percent and so you could
argue you could argue that the real
reason the protesters are protesting is
just because they don't want to pay more
money so you could make a story that
just says oh it's just about money but
if you leave out why they're talking
about money in the first place which is
climate change you've really missed a
lot of context and here's the context of
the story that I think is interesting
climate change itself might actually be
good for income redistribution because I
said this before the people who are
gonna lose property are rich people
because they're the ones on the coasts
poor people don't lose their
million-dollar home in the hurricane
because they didn't have one so of
course they'll lose what they have as
well but I've got a feeling that any
disruption that comes from climate
change is going to increase the number
of jobs because people are gonna have to
rebuild where things knock down people
are gonna have to relocate people are
gonna have to make changes build you
know build walls against you know build
dikes and that sort of thing so the
interesting thing was that we saw the
limit to how much people are willing to
worry about climate change when you you
increase their gas tax by 16 percent
they don't care about climate change at
all they just care that they can they
can't eat today so that story was
shocking in how I won't say the coverage
is biased because it's not biased for
well I biased feels like the wrong word
for it they've left out the important
context and that context should be in
the headline it should be you should
lead with there was a tax you know to
support climate change remediation and
France erupted and said get rid of it
because that apparently they've backed
off that plan so it it's really hard to
read the news and think that you're
getting anything like a real picture now
on top of that I'm gonna bring this up
again because even though I've talked
about this a few times
the longer the longer time goes by the
more powerful this point is so the point
is getting more powerful as I go it goes
like this my first reaction to the
latest climate report when it said that
GDP would go down by 10 percent was that
by their own numbers they're saying it's
no big deal because we're talking about
the GDP in 80 years which will be up
many multiples of what it is now and if
it was only 10 percent less than the
many multiples it's going to go up you
wouldn't even notice so my take on it
was I think they just told us it's not
much to worry about because it's 80
years and it's a very tiny effect and by
then we'll have technology to you know
terraform the earth and then I forwarded
an article by someone who actually knows
what they're talking about as opposed to
me which confirmed exactly what I was
saying that the math of it suggests is
not a problem now wouldn't you expect
massive pushback from what I said and
from the article that I forward around
massive pushback people coming on and
saying some version of scoff you
so dumb you've done the math wrong you
have not understood the proper context
or you know ho ho ho look at this graph
you missed or something like that right
shouldn't there be people pushing back
against two people in the public eye who
said oh thanks for the numbers you just
proved that the biggest problem in the
world was an illusion now I'm not saying
that the planets not warming and I'm not
saying that people have nothing to do
with it that's I'm not I'm not talking
about the science per se I'm talking
about the projections that the most
credible projections this latest report
said from a financial point of view
which is really the only point of view
that captures all the effects including
people dying because all of this is sort
of captured in the finances of it is
trivial that the the biggest problem in
the world once you actually do the math
turns out to be trivial who is pushing
back against that can you imagine me
saying such a such a contrary thing
about such an emotional topic and
getting no pushback do you see how big a
deal it is that nobody's arguing that
point the biggest problem in the world
has just been shown by the people who
say it's a problem to be no big deal and
I called it out and other people call
the down with the since then and
nobody's pushing back now you've watched
me for a long time probably most of you
most of you on here have been watching
for a while and you see that I get
pushed back from everything absolutely
everything there's nothing I can say no
matter how reasonable or no matter how
stupid there's nothing I say that
doesn't get pushed back except that now
I might be wrong maybe I missed
something
maybe maybe there
some pushback I haven't seen but if
somebody's seen something let me know
but the the pushback is not on the
question of whether the climate is
warming we're not talking about that I'm
talking about the math of it
the economics I believe I believe I've
been shown correct on the most important
prediction I've ever made and the most
contrary prediction that anyone ever
made do you know anybody who made the
prediction that the economics of climate
change wouldn't be so bad was there
anyone else with anybody else in the
world who said even using their own
numbers doesn't look that bad to me I
think I was the first now other people
have said it in the past but Bjorn
Lomborg being the most famous one and he
influenced me so I'm gonna say that that
he gets credit for being there first but
I think I was there first in the
response to this latest report on the
climate all right I love you may this is
a very small part of the Moller story
and maybe you missed this but I think
maybe only Fox News reported this but
apparently we know that when Cohen was
trying to work out with some deal with
Russia for a Trump property you know a
building in Moscow that Cohen was trying
to make Kremlin connections and the way
he did it was he sent an email to the
generic Kremlin email I don't know what
that email is but let's say it's Kremlin
gov because it sounds funny now here is
this guy who's all connected and
allegedly the Trump campaign is all his
own mobbed up and connected to the the
Russian insiders and to Putin and
Trump's own lawyer the guy who is
allegedly the most connected he's at the
center he knows everything
the closest he could get to to Putin was
to send an email to their public email
address now yeah it if if I were if I
were mullah and and I'm in the meeting
like it's the first time I found this
out you know in molars having the
beatings like her all right well what do
you think I can't do a molar impression
because I don't know what he sounds like
which is a compliment to Muller because
he stays out of the end of the limelight
so you got to give him that but you got
it you imagine him in that meeting
saying well we've got this color now
well squeeze them in we'll squeeze them
we'll find out about his close ties to
the Kremlin and how he contacted does
anybody have any digital information
about how he contacted Putin and then
one of his people says well I might have
some information I we discovered that he
contacted the Kremlin by email wow
that's great we got him now we got him
now
what was it in the email well it said we
should work together on a building oh
god now got him now
go on how did we find this email and and
who exactly did he address it to Wow
that's just funny you should ask
he adjusted to Kremlin gov they're a
generic email address that you can see
on the website the generic email we kind
of were expecting that he would use his
super super secret connections sorry am
I still getting paid seem
so that's hilarious all right let's talk
about the government shutdown that might
be looming over funding the wall all
right so here's the funny thing about
this situation coming up about the
funding the wall versus closing the
government so Trump is saying if I don't
get my funding for the wall I will close
the government and here's the
interesting thing the anti-trump worse
have been saying for two years now that
a trade war nobody wins in a trade war
nobody wins and here's their argument
their argument is if you if you have a
trade war and you push the other side
well then they'll they'll have a trade
war back and then nobody wins so
basically they've been saying for two
years that negotiating is a loser's game
that you shouldn't negotiate that you
shouldn't push against the other side
because what if they push back it's a
lose-lose scenario so that's that's what
they believe about trade wars they're of
course completely wrong about that but
that's the brand that they've created
they've they've you know they've decided
to die on that hill at the same time in
a separate context they're looking at
negotiating with the Republicans and
Trump about whether to close the
government or give him funding for the
wall shouldn't they follow their own
advice and give the president anything
he wants because nobody wins when you
negotiate there are no winners and
indeed they're right if the government
is shut down that's not good it's not
good for the government it's not good
for the country so if the Democrats are
true to their philosophy they you don't
want to negotiate because if you do the
other side will negotiate back and then
nobody wins they should just cave in on
the wall using their own
their own philosophy of negotiating
because if they don't nobody wins it's
only five billion dollars at least to
get it started why would why would they
want to negotiate when nobody wins with
it with a government shutdown now
somebody saying it's a bad example
because the government shutdown is of
course not exactly the same as trade but
I would argue that the reason you think
it's not the same is the problem the
problem is and the reason that people
are wrong on this is that it actually is
the same it's exactly the same
so although the you know in terms of the
analogies are lots of differences trade
trade is not government negotiation
about the budget and you could list you
know hundred differences between them
but this one thing the important part is
actually the same if you don't push on
the other side and you're not willing to
take a penalty for doing so you're not
really negotiating if you're not willing
to accept pain to produce more pain on
the other side you don't have anything
you're not you're not in the
negotiations at all you're just giving
them what they want so in that way it's
the same somebody says Trump is done
false equivalency it's a false
equivalency it's a false equivalency
it's a false equivalency I have a
chapter in my new book on false
equivalencies in how when people say
that they're usually not part of the the
reasonable conversation it's the
beginning of the end for Trump
this is reading your predictions on the
Flynn report now I don't have any
predictions on that new book probably
won't we see it till October next year
beta beta will not be a force to reckon
with all right
I don't have much else to say but I will
talk to you tomorrow