bum-bum-bum-bum-bum pom pom Poko hey
everybody I hope you are having a good
Memorial Day and remembering the fallen
so as we pay tribute to the heroes that
died defending the country today let us
lift the mug
let us have a simultaneous sip to the
veterans and the active soldiers and
those who have fallen happy Memorial Day
so I saw that the Democrats have
strategized on a brand-new attack on
President Trump and unlike the vast
majority of their other attacks on
President Trump this one is pretty
pretty good if I may borrow a phrase
from Curb Your Enthusiasm Larry David
and apparently what they've they're
deciding to do is collapse all of their
complaints about the president into the
word corruption hold on
[Music]
hello darn I thought it was going to be
a telemarketer all right so the
Democrats according to a news report in
New Yorker magazine or someplace had
decided that corruption will be there
organizing theme for attacking the
president now the first time yeah the
moment I saw that I said to myself I
said to myself that's a pretty strong
attack and here's why it's good because
it plays into people's preconceived
ideas so people who are already anti
Trump they already believe he's corrupt
so it works on that level but it also it
works to update all of the stuff that
didn't work so they're there Hitler
attack didn't work the incompetence
didn't work the he's crazy didn't work I
think they tried a few others but all of
those approaches didn't work and part of
the problem was that the news kept
serving up counter points so hey he's a
darn racist who is signing a pardon for
an African American boxer who is wrongly
accused yes doesn't work alright so it
doesn't take too many points of
counter-evidence to destroy something
now what is different from that is take
a look at say crooked Hillary you can
call somebody crooked and they can't
here's the key
they can't disprove it by doing
something else that is honest you see
how powerful this is you can disprove I
mean in a sense in a persuasion sense
you can disprove not not many your legal
sense
but you can disprove a charge of racism
simply by doing a bunch of stuff that no
racist would ever do you know we we saw
him you know loving on a 90 year old
african-american woman at his at a
police event
it's just something racist just don't do
now even if you say oh he was acting or
whatever the the greater point is that
racism is the kind of attack that you
can pretty much dispense with with a
little bit of effort but if somebody
says you're crooked or somebody says
you're corrupt there's no amount of
examples of not being crooked and not
being corrupt that have anything to do
with the claim right so it's much more
robust that way you can't disprove a
suspicion beyond that President Trump
has the problem that he has a you know a
massive business and surprise it covers
the globe and you know you know that
people in those other countries are
going to act a little bit extra friendly
toward a business associated with the
President of the United States there
isn't really any way to turn that off
you can't you can't really tell the
Trump company to not take a good deal
that's both legal and you know
aboveboard
just because you think it might be a
better deal than you could have gotten
if your if you did not have the Trump
name it's a real tricky territory
because it's entirely likely that the
Trump Organization
is getting better deals get better
offers maybe a little better terms but
you can't really tell if if there's a
law broken and even the people in the
Trump Organization aren't necessarily
gonna know I mean what are you supposed
to do if somebody offers you a good and
legal deal are you gonna say you know
hypothetically
I don't believe I would have gotten that
deal if if we didn't have a president
Trump there just isn't any way that now
and and if you have a responsibility to
you know your company your employees to
take good deals when they're offered
what the hell do you do I mean you can
you can put some transparency into the
system but even that doesn't help
because if you said well just for
example if you said well we accepted a
deal under these terms from a lessening
of middle eastern country you know we're
telling everybody all right there's
nothing secret they offered us alone we
took it here's the deal what happens
people look at the deal and they say oh
is it a coincidence that it's a Middle
Eastern country who needs something well
here's the problem a hundred percent of
the countries in the world need
something from the United States you
know you can't I don't know how you
disentangle it and I and I don't think
there's a solution where you say well we
can't have successful people as
president so that's what makes the
corruption claim so diabolical because
people are going to see it even when it
isn't there right so you can you can
count on the press to serve up infinite
and stories that fit the fit the label
because you know let's face it they're
all sort of operating on a if not
colluding and there does appear to be
some collusion between the news and the
Democrats and and to be fair there's
plenty of collusion between yeah the
Trump administration in Fox News for
example so both sides act friendly with
the the media that supports them no
surprise there so since you have a
massive media that is likely to feed
confirmation bias into that corruption
label it's super powerful and I wouldn't
I wouldn't be surprised if a
professional
behind it and by professional I don't
mean professional advisor professional
politician I mean a cognitive science it
is Godzilla quality even if he wasn't
directly involved so you know I don't I
wouldn't I'm not speculating that Robert
Jill Dini is behind that decision to use
corruption as their organizing principle
but it is the quality that you would
expect from somebody at his level of
understanding now some people said that
but it's boring you know it's not like
it's not like a low-energy jab or
something like that but it's interesting
enough in the way that dark that word
that everybody used at around the
election time those who wanted to paint
a Trump with one organizing word they
collapsed it into the word dark and it
was very effective very effective it's
not visual as somebody said yes so let's
talk about the weaknesses so the
weaknesses are as you mentioned it's not
visual but there will probably be plenty
of stories with people who are visual so
for example if the news decides oh this
Michael Cohen lawyers got something
hinky going on you're gonna see infinite
pictures of him so he's visual and you
might you might for example find out
that somebody had coffee with an
oligarch well the RL oligarch is visual
so there may be some visuals they can
tie to it by you're right the the
concept of corrupt and the concept of
crooked for example well crooked you can
imagine that Hilary's standing crooked
so that one's sort of a hybrid so that's
one weakness it's a little harder to get
to visual but I wouldn't count on that I
would not count on them not being able
to do it they really just need one good
photo of something and they got their
picture and that one good photo
could be a meeting of people who
shouldn't be in the same room even if
it's taken in a context the other
weakness with the corruption claim is
and here's the biggest one do you
remember when fake news was a criticism
that was used against President Trump do
you remember way back when when fake
news was what they said about yeah the
new that what they said about the media
supporting Trump you almost can't
remember that that was where it came
from right President Trump did not
invent fake news he didn't invent it so
they had this you know figurative
speaking speaking they had a gun pointed
at his head that said fake news he
grabbed it out of the hands turned it
around and said I got your fake news
right here and the reason he could do
that is that he's the better brand or he
is the more interesting character he's
the one everybody's going to quote and
and let's face it Republicans and Trump
supporters are just way better organized
so whatever message the president gets
behind the forces get behind pretty
pretty quickly as well
and it becomes a force multiplier and
and it became insanely effective I mean
the the fake news label is one of the
biggest stories in the last several
years now corruption has that same
weakness that the president should he
decide to take this approach could flip
that because there are so many examples
that could be used on the Democratic
side there will always be plenty of
examples of it on the other side and I
wouldn't go into a boxing match against
a professional boxer if you're not one
right so if they're going into a
branding contest against the best
Brander and the war
old it's gonna take about a minute and a
half for him to grab the gun out of
their hands and shoot them in the head
with it
now that that doesn't guarantee it can
happen but at least they're making a for
the first time
well actually I've seen two things come
out of the Democratic side that I would
consider good work good work in terms of
persuasion and supporting their team the
other was I just I think yesterday i
retweeted Kamala Harrison
Kamala hi coming out Kamala Harris who
was saying that we should you know get
out of the business of making weed
illegal I'm paraphrasing that wasn't
exactly what she said but that's the
sort of issue that is it's just the lay
up because Republicans are big on states
rights and now we have plenty of data
from states states can decide it would
be really easy for Republicans to say
all right we've seen enough let's toss
it over to the states we stay consistent
with our Republican philosophy let the
states do what states do and just get
out of that business Trump could do it
in five minutes five minutes and he
could be done with it you just has to
pick up the phone and say hey just make
just get us out of this business do what
you do get us out of this business
but if but if the Republicans don't if
they didn't if the administration
doesn't do that they've just given a
layup to the other team and I don't know
why now your first reaction would be
well it's obvious why because there are
enough people on the Republican side who
would object to it then it would be
problematic it's not as easy as you say
Scott I reject that I believe that the
right would complain about it those few
who would complain I don't know what the
percentages are maybe
maybe 30% I don't know the numbers but
they will complain this much will
anybody on the Republican side or the
conservative side change their vote
because the president favored states
rights
for something which we now have a lot of
data for nope
it's a lay up you would have a week of
news where people chattered about it and
some Republicans would say I don't like
that and they would not change their
votes because it just isn't that
important in the larger scheme of things
but it is important to get rid of it so
getting rid of it
is a big upside politically it's a big
upside for people it's it's positive for
the african-american community and for
minorities in general who are harder hit
by the current laws it's it's just a
layup and why a president Trump would
let the other team have such a free shot
when it's so easy to make it go away
just you just have to front run it
because the Republicans are in power
you've got between now and the midterms
just take it off the table so there may
be reasons that I'm not aware of
arguments I've never heard for why
President Trump is is not you know
getting out and front on this it could
be just as not priorities it could be
there some other factors I'm not aware
of but I don't know what they are as I
said I'm not aware of them so but let's
let's say that's a currently a mystery
to me but until the mystery is explained
I'm gonna put that as an error so for
those of you who blame me for saying
that everything the Trump administration
does is as awesome and excellent and
smart and genius and master persuader
here's a very clear example where I
would call that an error you know I'm
open to changing that opinion if I
learned some new information but it
looks like an error now if it happens
over the summer
can it I'm not sure I can't happen over
the summer but if it did or at least
happen before election for the midterms
that I would say oh that's actually
pretty clever they waited for the the
perfect timing
but I wouldn't be happy about that
because that's how many months that
people are suffering under their own law
just to optimize the timing I would not
I couldn't support that so even even if
politically it was brilliant
even if persuasion wise it got it was
brilliant this would be a clear case
where I would not support it on ethical
grounds you know if it's right it's
right and if it's right you do it now
you don't wait till your optimal
political time and it wouldn't be that
much difference suffering in the sense
that if there's anybody who's going to
jail because of the current laws it
would be better to fix that now than
later simultaneous if you didn't see
this coming did you